[Non-Patreon related video, misc, etc]
The New Review!!
April 9, 2012
https://youtube.com/watch?v=wD7s0gLO2UI
_______________________________________

 I rise Lord blink it
the time has come ain't nobody asked do
I write your facehole I have foreseen
this day for a long long time yeah my
new review is done it's Star Trek what I
just finished it yesterday it's up on my
website
Reb Army you.com you have failed me for
the last time
oh go review episode 3 next I guess
probably I just needed a break from Star
Wars
what in the fuck is Star Wars huh your
destiny was to review Mobile Suit Gundam
crossfire and how it totally ruined
kido-san sheezy Gundam hot scramble it
was total bullshit that they would even
release a game like that for PlayStation
hey wait a minute are you at the mall I
hate to pick up a few things look I have
this list next you need to review Metal
Gear 3 then after that you should review
Dragonball Z Bardock the father way I
saw you should review the World of
Warcraft Wrath of the Lich King
expansion pack territory ruined the
first expansion pack called Burning
Crusade and that basically ruined her
stuff do you have an erection yes 