Escape from Tomorrow
October 10, 2013
http://redlettermedia.com/quick-cuts-escape-from-tomorrow/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaLOLyrT6vU, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/390107759385247744

so I just saw escape from tomorrow and
it's a very confused movie not confusing
in the sense that the story is hard to
follow although it does have some
elements of that - but confused in the
sense that I never got a clear grasp of
what the movie was trying to be if
you're unfamiliar with it escape from
tomorrow was a movie that got a lot of
attention earlier this year because it
was shots completely guerilla style at
Disney World no one there knew they were
shooting it didn't know they were making
a movie and there's a lot of talk when
it was playing at festivals that there
was no way it would ever get released
but it has Disney so far has left it
alone I kind of get the impression that
they're just gonna ignore it and hope
that it goes away I think trying to sue
them will make Disney look bad but
anyway the movie was surprisingly
juvenile not just as far as the humor
goes although there's plenty of that but
also juvenile in the sense that the the
symbolism the the visual symbolism is
very cheap and easy lots of dumb phallic
imagery the fountain shooting up and
things like that but the movie is about
this family they're on vacation at
Disney World and on their last day the
dad finds out in the morning that he's
been fired so they're at the park he's
sort of trying to suppress his feelings
his depression about this he also has a
very nagging wife not very creative and
he starts to sort of hallucinate and see
these bizarre images he loses his grip
on reality basically and some of the
early stuff in the movie with him seeing
demon faces well on it's a small world
and things like that some of that stuff
works the the problem is the movie goes
off the rails it goes way too far way
too ridiculous
and ends up being sort of a series of
scenes that don't really build on each
other they're just sort of scenes and
when they end you say well now that
happened and it just feels like I hate
to be the simplistic but it feels like
weirdness for the sake of weirdness it
gets to a point where you kind of lose
any interest you may have in the story
or investment you may have in the
character because the main character in
the movie
I don't know who that actor is but he's
really great and he's sort of what what
holds the movie together seeing these
things you're seeing a lot of this movie
through his eyes and they they got a
really good actor for the part he's
really really good so there's the scene
where the main character is just
on a toilet for what seems like
forever
there's a scene where he discovers that
all the Disney Princesses are actually
high paid hookers for Asian tourists
there's scenes where he the lead guy is
shooting Neosporin out all over the
walls and there's like naked women on
the walls and so it looks like like
semen shooting everywhere and it's like
is this an Austin Powers movie now so
the humor is very juvenile and the the
sensibilities of the movie are kind of
at that same level where you're just
sort of watching and going I get it you
know oh the the the fantasy world that
these theme parks are trying to create
is in sharp contrast with the the grim
reality that we live in like I get it
and and so it's just all over the place
where you're like okay dark comedy about
miserable things happening at the
happiest place on earth
David Lynch style perverse psychosexual
journey into insanity dumb vulgar comedy
b-movie garbage with scientists and
robots I this movies all over the place
and not that that can work in some
movies there are some movies that kind
of jumping around to a point where it
keeps you interested because you don't
know where it's going but this is not
one of those movies it just feels like a
disconnected mess
one thing the movie does really well is
captures that feeling of being on a
family vacation where everything is
supposed to be happy and fun but it
always feels a little forced
unfortunately I'm not saying this as a
joke I'm saying this completely
seriously a movie that tackles this
better and tackles the descent of
madness of the father figure because of
the pressures of being on a family
vacation one movie that captures that
better is national lampoon's vacation
we're all gonna have so much fun
when the plastic surgery to remove our
goddamn
miles you'll be whistling Symphony
doo-dah out of your assholes having said
all that I do think the movie is worth
seen for no other reason than just to
marvel at what they got away with
because it is impressive and also the
Leeds performance is very good I liked
him a lot and there are images and
scenes in the movie that do sort of
stick with you and and work on their own
it's just a shame that they weren't used
in a more sort of cohesive satisfying
movie
