Oct 22, 2013
WNUF Halloween Special
youtube.com/watch?v=bX-o4oeN210
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/392698410421477376
redlettermedia.com/quick-cuts-wnuf-halloween-special

you're watching the wnuf halloween
special the wnuf halloween special is a
movie that i'm guessing a lot of you
haven't heard of it came out earlier
this year and was only released on VHS
which sounds like the most hipster thing
ever but it's actually completely
appropriate and adds a lot to the
experience of watching the movie tonight
is Halloween I guess you could call it a
found footage movie but it's different
than most of those in that it's not some
unearthed footage that somebody
discovered and somehow has creepy
editing and music and sound effects in
it it is supposed to be a bootleg copy
of somebody's VHS recording of the live
local news and subsequent Halloween
special just recorded off of TV in 1987
come with me Frank Stewart and a team of
paranormal experts as we seek to uncover
the mystery there's even a call-in
seance you can be a part of complete
with commercial breaks there's lots of
80 style commercials the latest games
the latest toppings we've got it all
pizza and video games right here at
tokens video arcade pizzeria
so the first half-hour is the local news
in 1987 where they're dressed up the
anchors are dressed up in Halloween
costumes they're doing stories about the
dentist in town and just sort of
Halloween themed news stories hey
Deborah
what's a vampire's worst nightmare oh I
don't know Gavin sunlight mm-hmm tooth
decay oh and local dentist dr. Stanley
Alan knows plenty about that subject the
weather shows up at one point which
offered the bootlegger that made this
tape was fast forwards through which is
kind of a nice touch and then they keep
promoting that after the news is going
to be this hour-long special where one
of their reporters is going to be
exploring this local house that is
supposedly haunted
hey whoa hold on this is not staged
hello is this
worked with the devil folks we are going
where no camera crew is going before
there's a few performances throughout
the movie that sort of break the reality
but a lot of it does feel authentic
because it's not someone constantly
running with a camcorder that always
feels phony in these found-footage
movies it's a local reporter so he's
always kind of playing for the camera
which makes it feel more real by being
more fake do you believe in ghosts no
but I know who to call if there are is
that right yeah and who would that be
Ghostbuster you know very funny okay one
complaint I would have is that towards
the end it starts to feel more like a
typical sort of generic found footage
movie but really there's only so many
ways you can end these because of the
format of this one it's a little more
forgivable than it has been in a lot of
other found-footage movies very cute
very funny but overall it's definitely a
movie that sort of captures the spirit
of Halloween and if you grew up on sort
of corny Halloween specials in the 80s
VHS especially I remember as a kid going
to bed hitting record and then watching
whatever I tape the next day there's a
lot of nostalgia in this and and it's
it's probably the best use of the
found-footage format that I've seen
because it's actually using it in a way
that that enhances the experience the
fact that it's only on VHS the fact that
whoever was duping this bootleg is
fast-forwarding through the parts that
they find boring it sort of creates the
style of storytelling that could only
exist in this format unlike a lot of
other found-footage movies where it just
feels like why would they be filming
this why is this continuing so unlike
those VHS movies the anthology movies
that have nothing at all to do with VHS
this is a movie about VHS on VHS and
using that sort of structure in that
style as best as you possibly could
we'll be right back
