May 1, 2014
The Sacrament
youtube.com/watch?v=KE9p1gXEYsY
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/422458823975370752
redlettermedia.com/quick-cuts-the-sacrament

we've been to some of the most chaotic
war-torn places in the world but never
for something as bizarre as this here we
are welcome to Eden parish you guys
built all this father had a vision and
we built heaven here on earth the
sacrament is about a group of
journalists for vice then journey into
the jungle to learn more about this
community that's built up there's a Jim
Jones type figure who's the head of this
organization and and it's this whole
village that's completely separate from
the world they they have no racism they
have no violence they have no fighting
and because it's a horror movie we know
that there must be something else going
on unfortunately what's going on is
incredibly predictable especially if you
know anything about Jim Jones and the
Jonestown Massacre
if I had gone into the sacrament not
knowing it was a Thai West film and it
got to the end credits and said written
directed by ty West I would have been
shocked and disappointed but considering
the whole reason I watched the movie is
because of the Thai West film I knew
that going in I was merely disappointed
I'm a fan of Thai West last two horror
films house of the devil and the
innkeeper's I think are both really
great independent horror movies very
slow burn horror movies some might say
boring but I like that I like the Tony
builds I like the atmosphere and most
importantly I really like the characters
you could take out the horror elements
of both house of the devil and the
innkeeper's and you just like hanging
out with these characters would be like
a 90s Richard Linklater movie just sort
of a hangout film and with this movie
the sacraments he's certainly trying to
do something different than what he's
done which kudos to him for that but
unfortunately what he's trying to do is
a found footage movie hey camera I want
you to film this
it's important well it's not always a
found footage movie actually it's
sometimes it's a found footage film and
sometimes it's an edited documentary
with music and graphics it's one of the
other depending on what is most
convenient for the scene it has a lot of
the found footage tropes that I hate the
worst being when the cameraman sets the
camera down on something and then
wanders into the shot and he has a
conversation with the other characters
no one just sets a camera down while
it's still recording it happens a lot in
found-footage movies and it really
happens a lot in this movie but other
times it's a produced documentary but
all that is moot because most of the
movie is is shots from two different
cameras and it's shot and edited in the
style of a traditional narrative where
we're getting shot reverse shots the
framing and most of the shots just looks
like a handheld shot from a normal
narrative feature at one point our
characters get split up and we're
cutting back and forth between the
action to the point where you're saying
why is this a found footage movie
does the guides what are they doing with
guns nothing about this feels genuine
nothing about it feels authentic which
is sort of what can make or break a
found footage film but this all feels
very produced and very rehearsed the
dialogue feels like movie dialogue which
would be less distracting if it was shot
like a traditional film the only actor
who really stands out is the head of
this parish the the Jim Jones
equivalents oddly enough his name Jean
Jones he was the gas station guy from No
Country for Old Men and he's really good
in here there's an extended scene where
he's just being interviewed by AJ Bowen
and it's really great there's a very
slow buildup of menace and tension
behind the words that are being said and
it's really effective that's the only
really effective scene in the movie
unfortunately because after that and
this isn't really spoilers because the
trailer gives all of this away it's the
Jonestown Massacre nothing more nothing
less which is unfortunate because ty
West's other films they are very simple
the story is very simple but they're
shot well they're they're creative in
their camerawork and the pacing of it
and the casting especially and they have
likeable characters and this movie
really has none of those things and and
it's found footage
so if you want to see a found-footage
version of the Jonestown Massacre
without any other elements any other
subtext any sort of twists in the story
or interesting revelations if you want
to see something that plays out exactly
how you would expect it that's what this
is unfortunately with a really good
performance by Gene Jones
