American Hustle
July 12, 2014
http://redlettermedia.com/quick-cuts-american-hustle/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB5I2Cb9ZJw, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/422458823975370752

so I finally got around to seeing
American hustle which has been out for a
while now it's gotten tons of great
reviews audiences seem to really like it
it's got a bunch of award nominations
and I don't get it to me the movie was
average at best it's certainly not a bad
movie but it really should have been
called actors gone wild because that's
what it felt like to me if you've ever
been in a situation where you're trying
to control a group of people or get them
to do something and and everybody's just
like shouting stories at each other and
not really paying attention to you and
you're like guys come on let's get going
that's what this movie felt like to me
I like Jennifer Lawrence I think she's a
good actress but I think she was miscast
in this part she just looks like a
little kid playing dress-up um
Bradley Cooper I think is kind of
OneNote I don't really care much for him
as an actor he's okay in this Christian
Bale is really good again when the
scenes are focused but there's no
subtlety to the look of this movie it's
very tacky and he looks like like he
just walked in from the set of a 90s
Farrelly Brothers movie in fact both him
and Bradley Cooper looked like different
era versions of Bill Murray in kingpin
the best performance in the movie is Amy
Adams she's the only one that feels like
she's trying to be restrained and stick
to a character
host to a new era but I guess the thing
with David O'Russell is that he really
likes to let his actors improv and sort
of discover things as they're shooting
in a way that ended up being detrimental
to the movie to the story being told
because I think the the actual core
story could be turned into an engaging
movie but that all takes a backseat to
actors just running amok and doing
whatever the hell they want
the thing about actors is that most of
them are crazy and they love themselves
so when you give them free rein to do
whatever they want you end up with a lot
of really inconsistent characters and
that's what kept pulling me out of this
movie I think a lot of people that like
this are saying it's a character driven
movie more so than a plot driven movie
or story driven movie but the problem is
there aren't any consistent characters
it's not a character driven movie it's
an actor driven movie and you need
someone at the helm and David O'Russell
comes across like he couldn't care less
about the story being told he just wants
to let these actors go wild so when your
director doesn't care about the
narrative then why should we
you
