Episode 439
Bloodborne *insert pun here* (Part 1)
January 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkSk6fOBlt0
___________________________________________

apparently after making whatever
adjustments we needed to make OBS
decided to crash yep so now you need to
tell us if our our audio and video
should be in sync now this is my first
prereq stream so far and I have to say
it's amazing thank you thank you
look look we're streaming from Jack's
laptop today so some settings were
different involving the cam and that led
to a whole bunch of nonsense sounds good
audio yes
and we're also streaming through the ps4
as you can see we're playing blood-borne
and when we streamed through the ps4
there's a lag and video input and so
then we put the microphones on a lag
input so what we say matches up with the
video from the game and I forgot to put
the lag into our cam because the cam is
new yep and when we streamed from your
computer playing computer games there's
no lag so that's why we tell got messed
up and I don't know why it's all fine so
I'll find now it's all fine blood-borne
one blah blah blah blah
for pi the magician thank you guys for
subscribing I have talked to really
appreciate just say it now I'm staring
right at it when I'm talking about
anything amazing okay I remembered how
to get to where I needed to go and
blood-borne so I have yet to beat vicar
Amelia look I'm not I'm not slouching on
the couch so much as just Jack's chair
is higher and he's taller to begin with
this is the thing Rich's yeah and you
know this is me sitting here how about
I'll slop perfectly perfectly straight
up right and I'm still I'm still shorter
now I'm slouching yeah well maybe it's a
bit more even there we go okay here we
go here's if you remember good old Ethel
guilt look at that I've been I've been
using the axe really like the axe
she also has the cane I don't know about
the oaf part of that huh I don't know
about the elf part of that
you ain't seen her moves you know
okay let's go I'm I'm a I'm a man of
average height surrounded by giants I'm
I'm I mean I'm six - I don't know that's
five ten I think I think that's average
I think I'm tall more so you know quick
jack fact I have an elongated torso
which means that my torso is
significantly longer than my legs I'm
very short legs
really I do and so those look like long
legs to me I'm also just tall yeah
relative to you know might or might or
so my legs are short and so when we're
sitting I'm in a higher chair I'm taller
than you in general and yeah my torso is
taller I'm jeanna okay all right let's
do this
I got the key to get known up there over
here I've been playing this game trying
to get trying to just get to the DLC
remembering how much out how much fun
you have dying
remember remembering how much I love
this game oh fuck yeah
you can't sing but perhaps perhaps you
could summon people to help kill Amelia
oh wow
maybe well I am playing an offline mode
now but perhaps when we get there if
we're having some trouble we can summon
some people what to help you as you guys
know from from Richard I just talked
about this we don't like online mode at
all I just think an ugly self a
beautiful game it does this guy's
glitching out for some reason he is not
attacking me and I'm okay with that that
that was way too easy but I'll take it
I'll take it I'll take it all right here
we go so I got to go up here this was my
big problem is I thought that the key to
this gate was a pickup that you got an
old yarman but it's something that you
buy from from the goon store mhm so so
now I'm here ok that's it ok I know
there's a way around I forgot where it
is I don't think there is a way there's
a way around no cuz the only other thing
ok
so you know just be this gun over here
yep and then down these stairs is how
you get to old yarman yeah and there's
no other way or there's no other exit
from that way and then if you go on this
side of the church I think if you beat
the blood start of beast there's the
weather is there a way that opens up
maybe maybe and then this way
oh wait there's a guy oh the other
Oh fucking I love this game
so this unlock this way is locked yep
you can't do that and there's the other
and then the other thing is a dead end
there's a nut there's another thing over
here that's a dead end
oh then this way down here that's a dead
end there's some overs but no so you
need that key to get to Amelia unless
you I don't know maybe there are some
with a blunt start beast but I don't
know
so anyway I'm pretty sure there's
another way around I don't remember what
it was well you the other way around is
you have to unlock it from this side
yeah nothing from that side you just
open it and then it's always open yeah
this guy has a flamethrower I remember
and alright yay wow wow right away just
right it was blood-borne okay so anyway
back to our very important conversation
of Karl Urban we were we were discussing
whether anyone's career was launched via
Star Trek the Star Trek yes
hora got a nice gig and Guardians yeah
um I know that's a career-maker yeah you
know she's in a friend she's in a
franchise movie but these people all had
careers beforehand
Quinto was was Sybok well not that Syfy
was was was his name in Heroes I never
fuckin watch heroes you ever watch that
guy in Heroes he was that guy in Heroes
he was Sybok yeah what not not Channing
Tatum he was there's something right no
he was nothing I think Star Trek was his
first wasn't
what was his name Jack Jack I can't
remember I don't I join Chris Pine no I
don't think Chris Pine was anything okay
Chad Chad and if he was something that's
how good it was I don't remember it
and what's Chris Pine been doing since
then
Jupiter rising somebody's saying okay I
am right about the Blood star peace rich
the other way around is beating the
blood start beast and opening the door
to the upper cathedral there you can get
the real version of the hunter's dream
and from there you can drop further than
Paffett you can take the open that door
from the other side yeah that's right
the real fur oh that's right bleep blood
star beast that opens that other door
the Cathedral yes okay and that's what
we both did last time but I'm sure I'm
trying to take the fast way because I
want to get to the DLC yep and in a move
that I both love and hate you have to
earn you have to work your way to the
DLC in blood-borne which is great all
right you fuck now we're gonna be a
little more careful with you
okay fuck you fuck you crow scared the
crap out of me
nope no no no you can do that while I'm
well what a prick
what a fucking prick so I get people
surprised to wrap up Karl Urban because
obviously we're going other places
people surprised that Karl Urban's
career hasn't taken off I don't think
anybody's career has been helped by Star
Trek the Star Trek oh I don't I don't I
think Star Trek the Star Trek is helping
your career that is that is the help yes
look these people can do conventions for
the rest of their lives make a little
bit of money they'll be in every sequel
they want to make they'll be fine
great great great
as I'm trying to blink on his name and I
know him very well
Scotty Shaun of the Dead hello Simon
Pegg yeah Simon Pegg oh you know has he
been in anything he was in the he had a
big role in the new Mission Impossible
what else has he done since then
how was everybody's Thanksgiving mine
was pretty fair I I know the chat is
very yes I know he's in world's in China
losing a bunch of things I'm saying send
Star Trek has he been in much because
the argument is a Star Trek killed
people's careers oh you know maybe most
maybe it's killed most people's career
looks like I last 1984 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated okay
shit shit Cumberbatch what's he been in
sense into darkness um something he's
still in Sherlock and whatnot sure you
know he's been in some movies he's doing
is he's doing his cover boxing he's in
the new uh the Zoolander sequel don't
have that's a positive career move but
he has a major role in I don't know how
much of it you know what a career move
that is he's uh obviously Sherlock he
was in you know really great episode of
Sesame Street so you know it's got that
working for him
gobbledygook thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do oh I need to open
that this is the thing that I need to
open somehow so I saw the trailer for
Civil War oh yeah it looks like a movie
it does it looks like a movie yeah yeah
yeah there you go
looks like a Marvel movie looks like a
Marvel movie there's uh some heroes some
of which you might care about hmm
probably most of what you don't
everybody really seems to care about the
Winter Soldier you know which is strange
cuz he's not gonna blow up cities the
Winter Soldier
who is gonna blow up cities no we're not
the Winter Soldier he's nothing he's not
the kind of thing you need it the
superhero Registration Act and worry
about right and II and you know I don't
know if we've talked about this on the
stream but I I really enjoyed at least
the first trade at least the first like
story run of Civil War I thought they
had some really needed where the hell am
I going I've completely forgotten how to
get to where I need to go I want to open
this yeah I open this don't you go down
and around that one area this is closed
by a device yeah you don't go in there
go go go to where you entered this area
go to the big gate that the open date
the key gate yeah head that way then you
gotta go right past the flamethrower chi
okay and up through that that bad
business there's business hi why are you
flamethrower guy they sneak up behind
him do they
charge tech and no with that that's okay
that's okay
nope no no no thank you
get behind him wheel on his ass go small
there we go okay go small yes I know
they change the name of the superhero
Registration Act what whatever that's
what it is what are they calling it the
Slovakia Accords because that's the city
that blew up in age of Ultron oh okay
whatever cuz it's beyond us that was
totally Iron Man's fault
yeah by the way and why are they taking
it on superheroes if like it was just a
normal dude who's also a superhero no
yeah but he's just a normal dude don't
take this out on like people who were
born this way oh it's not the city it's
the country fucking nerds you fucking
cake what would like to thank us for
bringing back fuck pot 5000 --mode you
are welcome leftover beefcake I know
that was very important to many of you I
know that was very very important
Hank Jack this is a really new character
this is a new character then you're
gonna have a really hard time with the
DLC just a heads up thanks you know what
isn't that part of the fun of blood burn
Ellison I just want to see I just want
to see it you know what and like the
only the only other way I can do this if
is if I'm playing it in New Game+ you
know my other character which is you
know really leveled is in New Game+
right now and I don't want to do the DLC
in New Game+ Red Dog Ultima says don't
have to be a nerd to know Slovakia as a
country now yes you do yeah yes you do
oh great note that I meant to dodge
Civil War should have been an Avengers
movie doesn't really matter what brand
the movie is gonna have the same story
in the same characters yep where's JJ
had better things to do with his life
Yuri evaluated his life choices yep and
start whaling on him get some of the
help back or don't
move there's a gunner they're doing
multiple civil war movies
alright thank you Oh God
Civil War was just depressing a neat
story idea it was it was fun but it ran
it petered out
like most Marvel ideas because they
don't have the balls to actually make
anything stick it was it was a neat
story idea until they wanted everything
to go back to the status quo because
that's what's profitable or that's what
people know or whatever other bullshit
they said to themselves the whole
spider-man identity reveal yeah only did
not even wait you know they did even
wait like two months after the fact to
put the cork back on that as well as a
race like 25 years worth of history what
aren't I think of the Star Wars blu-ray
uh some of the changes they made weird
like I completely forgotten that they
changed Obi Wan's young when he comes in
to scare away the the Tusken Raiders
everybody they changed everyone's yell
to something like comically ridiculous
really yeah he goes he walks normally he
walks up the loo yeah they change
something comically ridiculous really
yeah oh yeah yeah just leave it alone
until until they release don't change
things that don't need to be changed
wait until because it will happen
eventually they like money they're gonna
release the
the part you know the the theatrical
version or whatever it's gonna happen I
have I have hope
you dick I've heard of the despecialized
edition zai haven't seen them I have
they're all right you think I've been
more jarring to say that the visual
quality changes between Rae original
footage and the not altered stuff it's
actually not that bad because the DS
specialized take most of their material
from the laserdisc yeah Oh wrong button
I feel I'm a dink good work
wait I'm a dink rich she get back in the
world one you should blood-borne is a
great game blood-borne is a great game
that everyone should be into all the
time this way the switch is I forget
just means not using my ideas I'm mad
much hate it very much just can't get
over how childish that is it's like an
80 year old man acting like a
preschooler yeah you know but that's all
he has you just give the bullshit
interview Leon say well you know some
hand-to-hands now it's time for new
people to take up and said it's ruining
my toys my toys they're my toys it's
playing with them wrong that's exactly
what he's doing my toys are supposed to
be a soap opera don't you get it
okay I'm getting there I know where I am
now
I know what's happening any opinion and
alex kurtzman helming a Star Trek series
not really there you go
I know he was responsible at least in
part for the scripts of the other two
mm-hmm then you know the two recent
movies yeah I don't know how much of the
crap is his I don't know I'll I'll have
something to say about the series when I
actually know what they're going to do
who's gonna be in it no even if it sucks
I'll just keep watching old episodes of
next-gen pretty much pretty much that
I mean whoever's in charge what are the
odds of the new Star Trek series being
great what are the odds
60% it's just you go oh boy so here here
is something not only with the DLC they
patched the game mm-hmm and here's
something new with the patch I'm an
offline mode you can summon NPCs to help
you fight Oh NPCs yeah that sounds nice
so that's what this is right here I
could summon henriette if I felt like it
does that cost you I have no idea I will
be quite honest with you okay this is
not now the shortcut is open now I'm
feeling good I kind of want to go and
you know I have a decent number of souls
for where my character is so I almost
want to like go and level up yes I know
the new Star Trek is gonna be on the CBS
streaming service I'm sure it will also
be on a torrent near you hey now I'm not
saying I would do that they're just
saying those could be on the stream yeah
and people are gonna watch it because
it's Star Trek
yeah it'll people people will find it
charge up an effect and let go when
they're about to run into you let the
big attack on that axe you're using the
axe all wrong jack
all wrong the heavy attack on that and
that fucking axe is great that's how you
do it I'm still getting used to the axe
yeah yo you didn't use the X much
oh god no in my light in the playthrough
that I beat the game in it was all that
sauce beer yeah almost almost the
entirety it was the sauce beer I fucking
love that sauce beer Oh mr. strife smell
has a link to a documentary about how
ing began I post that after the stream
this is no way I'm gonna be able to hold
on to that right now
right ash vs. Evil Dead is halfway
through thoughts we're never going to
escape talking about ash versus the Evil
Dead burger we may as well change the
name of the stream of the channel vs.
leave a good jab and you know what I
actually have not been watching yep I've
been concentrating on Jessica Jones have
you seen any more that no I am now if
I'm not I will not spoil anything yeah I
am now completely finished with Jessica
Jones it's very good okay okay it's not
like those first like three four
episodes I like and then it just
steadily gets better and better and
better that's good
it's better than the other way around
yeah yeah yeah I agree but no I really
enjoyed I really enjoyed the whole thing
half half way through my opinion of ash
versus the Evil Dead is I think I would
enjoy it a lot more watching it all at
once are you now like to use to the
binge watch I don't know if it's better
or if it's the half an hour thing really
doesn't work
that show does the ash versus evil that
it could needs to be just a hair longer
all right I'm gonna go level up some
shit and then we're gonna face Amelia
okay that cost one insight to summon
people oh I got it I got insight to burn
I never understood like you know besides
like being able to buy more shit I've
never understood like why insight was
that big a deal because all it does is
make things more difficult right hmm
some people want that yeah Wade the man
in the high castle is out now yeah Oh
few weeks has it yeah fuck I'm out of it
no I'm just out of it oh I think I can
level up my axe too I want to do that
before I do anything else
there was a hubbub with a with a man in
the high castle Subway ad oh yeah not
like Subway the restaurant like on the
actual New York subway uh-huh where
basically it was controversial because
the ad was like a Nazi flag that's great
that's both great and understandable why
the fuck somebody put a swastika on the
American flag what yeah I could see how
that would be really confusing I could
see how that could be really confusing
to someone bring knives to gun fights
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do appreciate it it's true
insights the main ability is for
summoning people for co-op yeah or
adversaries right I don't care about
stuff like that I don't care about stuff
like that
hate it don't wanna make me stronger oh
yeah oh yeah hey Dead doll gonna make me
stronger switch place pokémon since I
got people talking about it I suppose it
did in reference to the movie oh yeah I
figure I wonder if that was a hard
cell-like in the india in the boardroom
like okay we're gonna put a swastika on
top of the American flag and someone
goes I don't know about that people
might be really pissed about that yeah
yeah they will tried March the man in my
castle it's not a couple ups three
episodes yeah I just can't find anybody
to root for yeah some very interesting
stuff going on and I've only seen the
pilot so don't spoil anything for me I
really like the pilot okay what do we
want to do with what do we want to do
with granny here and the two storylines
seems so disconnected mm-hmm but we're
doing whatever you want to do with your
character and your bill right like oh I
only have two points oh bugger it's not
New Game+ for you not for this one okay
but I I could go into my other character
but like I didn't like it's a
straight-up new good New Game+ I barely
made it through like I started playing
yarman but that's it oh god like I have
I have nowhere with New Game+
so I was closer with granny so that's
why I wanted to bring granny out here
vitality gives me some defense gives me
some more health I think I wanna do that
maybe endurance good defense
it wasn't the swastika but it was the
flag of the Concord USA but very Nazi
ish all right all right
I may be boring I wanna have another you
know like I'm so close to another
upgrade or it's like so I just want to
go and farm for a little bit I'm boring
do I want to be rich how what how boring
do I want to be very boring I've gotta
get you further yeah I'm I'm gonna go be
a little boring sorry everybody
you got a deal with that and what were
you gonna be boring house is gonna I
need like 300 and more blood echoes and
I get to raise up another attribute so
I'm just gonna do that real quick and
then go fight Baker that's just very
boring I think that's fine but it's very
boring but it's basically what's gonna
happen so I love blood-borne who is my
favorite boss in this game good I've
always been fond of Father Agassi um
garcy only the first one yeah yeah I
really like like I like a straight-up
duel in a game oh you know that's fair
that's fair like all of the hunters you
know all of the hunters duels
yeah we're but those are we're
straightforward but the father the
father Garcia Land one is the only one
that feels like a duel and a boss fight
to me okay you know what rich what the
fuck I can be with you guess coin yeah I
can never pronounce that right it's fine
no you know what I'm talking about
father Gascoigne Gascoigne is apparently
how it's pronounced terms oh my god
which sounds weird father Gascoigne yeah
yeah that sounds like father Gascoigne
if I kill these guys I'll have an option
I think it just needed like it sounds
like a discount gas station come to
guess going I'm gonna vomit gas gun
my third here goodness
it's kind of cheating but I'm okay with
it well I think I think the question is
why would I want to call him Gascoigne
when that just sounds stupid I respect
that character far too much to call him
by his proper name the end you know like
there are some really neat monsters
later on and you know what I'm terrible
with names
but if anyone remembers the monster that
had like a second body and arms coming
out of its ass and it was in the big it
was in the big courtyard and it had like
and it had the witches up above like
shooting at you while you had to face
him and he and one of his big moves was
he just vomited acid and he filled the
entire arena with acid so he had to like
get out of there and just the most
disgusting monster they're good at
monsters they're great at Mons there are
excellent great at monsters the the
princess of the Celestials was a neat
looking monster you know there's so many
good monsters like but I I I'm gonna go
ahead and agree with as rich that any of
the any of the duels I liked you know
any of the individual any of the
individual hunter duels I enjoyed
okay what's up Joe kitty double-o one
says hey guys met a sub but wanted to
give something to say thanks for the
hours of free entertainment thank you
thank you we appreciate it it's true
it's it's really true thank you
Tyrannosaurus Rex said days reading
preacher because of me and he loves it
yeah I still need to get that from you
well preachers going yeah well I want to
read it great I want to read it because
it looks like I might be disappointed by
the TV show hi I think I'm gonna be
disappointed I need to steal it from the
worst the worst fucking trailer ever I'm
talking to some fucking kid that I don't
give a shit about because he shouldn't
be a character in the first place
yep also coming off like an asshole the
main character in that trailer like a
hard-ass yeah
in the comics he's a tough he's
definitely a tough guy yeah it is more
like the white hat cowboy kind of tough
good yes less dark he just got old boy
he's gonna do right good
maybe maybe he's a little glib maybe
he's a little short but but because he
has better things to do in the comics
maybe see someone doing wrong a punch in
the face all right all right it sounds
like a man I want to meet I'm just gonna
run past you we're gonna go right we're
gonna go right to Amelia now running
past all you nope I don't care about you
not I was super hard-ass
you want me to be there man I'm like II
do in yeah it would be bloody yeah
yeah like preacher is space cop that
trailer was
get me nope nope I'm up on the door you
can't get me you can't get me I'm open
in the dark now run not run right into
the boss fight does he follow no name
who I can't read because that that font
on the name and Chetty is just terrible
and light sorry says I didn't really
know it's not your fault I just they
call it the random colors people's names
I didn't really like preacher stop
reading about four issues in preacher
gets really good like after that story
arc the first story arc is kind of
really okay okay okay hmm I think the
second major arc where they get to
Jesse's past and what now that's when
she starts getting fantastic okay okay
should have some inject motor motor okay
a sign no I can't read that
a motor or modal motox motor who sang
who sang e whatever it is this preacher
won't be good something because they
can't be as dark as the comic they
simply can't show what they did in the
comics without going to NA 17 here's
here's the strange thing about preacher
though and the wonderful thing is dark
as it was it never wasn't also extremely
light like dark humor but clearly humor
sure the tone and preacher was never
never grim
yeah I agree
another name I can't read
ka ka e yeah okay
k sure kaeru King says hello thanks for
the entertainment just wanted us just
that Jack use a heavy attack combo more
and talk of the Lion of the cathedral
ward please use that heavy attack Jack I
know I do I when I play I might be out
of practice now I probably suck yeah
horribly but I abused the hell out of
that heavy attack mm-hmm yeah and I like
the I like the the stab and run
I'm all for stab run use combo what rich
needs a big reminder that's because I'm
reading that off of Japs Jack's a little
laptop which due to curves and the way
it's connected I really can't bring over
here onto my lab some I've leaned all
the way over to see it I did let me take
a wagon yeah take away okay take a whack
and then if we will each try one more
time okay well no we'll give rich a few
tries and if if we cannot beat the Vika
by ourselves then we will we will ask
one of you to join us and help us defeat
her this boss is a testament to from
softs animation work it's fantastic I
agree joke oooh
alright remind me I get to remember the
controls sure sure so so light attack
heavy attack you remember that the
triggers are the attacks now remember
this guy over there yeah
press docking on I forget locking on but
that's pressing down on the right step I
go okay and then dodge is circle nice
oh you UN equipped the gun it's been so
long since I played I was just hit him
one more time no shit it's alright it's
alright okay press a little left on the
d-pad okay okay I didn't realize
everything it's probably probably not a
good idea for me to take over press
triangle cuz you're law and health
I go no probably not a good idea for you
to think of it but I'll have some fun
with it you'd be surprised how easily
you get back into the swing with one
form oh yeah the inversion issue so if
you want to fix that before you see how
often I actually have to use it
sprinting wubble sprint agreed use
sprint is certain holding down circle a
great like you want to go the other way
up yeah up those stairs yeah watch out
for that dude but every everything about
this game
I'm just immediately drawn to a
character work the art style the the art
direction of this game is so amazing
like a look at those statues take a
moment rich look at those statues look
at how fucking gruesome those statues
are fucking love everything about this
game the combat is incredibly satisfying
did this come out this year I'm not even
sure this might this you know for me
this this you know we're getting close
to like you know game of the year time
oh my god what happened and this might
be it for me there's a lot of other good
ones
triangle gives you back I've done this
before I've done this you have done this
before it did come up this year like
this is up there rocket league is up
there Super Mario makers actually up
there for game of the year but oh it
doesn't matter of recovering blood
echoes like we're we there I didn't have
that many to begin with and I hid the
absence but they go you know that's all
right right that is all right are you
guys sick of the open world trend in
games a little bit yeah Metal Gear Solid
wasn't that oh you almost out of a mess
throwing knives I don't know we're both
arena I have 14 health potions so that's
good so now I have plenty of help up
yeah a little with that that potion
thanks thanks before you even get in
there Wow don't worry about picking up
wow that was that was have lost half my
health sure die and start over
sure imma you must I know I that's what
I remember with especially with the
bosses is you know like doing that
strong attack on to but and then you
know doing and doing via yeah just a
strong attack in general I don't need to
be the but yeah sick of it I don't like
I don't know if I'm sick of open worlds
actually like the open world aspect was
something I really enjoyed about Metal
Gear you know I don't think every game
needs an open world open worlds are bad
when they just feel like this is large
open area with nothing I really didn't
do and die right agreed and you know
like it like anything like an open world
just because like AG I guess games are
have open worlds now fuck that some pro
gaming right there
sure absolutely it was absolutely rich
you have delete
strats crew nito's thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do I know you guys aren't
huge board gamers but is there first of
all Jack is I am a huge board gamer I
love board games get her oh oh I thought
oh I thought you Mac sit down
I I love board games I I play board
games as often as humanly possible as
far as board games that came out this
year I
that's actually really lame I wish
you're not attacking when I was hitting
the attack button god damn it
I don't know why why did that not work
were you out of uh got a stand yeah I
don't know I don't know oh you're not
putting anything into your stemming them
that's terrible upgrade wise oh sure we
need Stan I just put in an extra stamina
needed we need it it's there there
enough I'm a small board gamer I I
really enjoy board games I just got a
new board game that I have yet to play
that I'm really looking forward to but
it's tough because most board games you
need a bunch of people and sometimes
it's just me and my wife who's also a
big board gamer so finding two-player
board games is really important oh that
well that's one actually like one that I
keep wanting to do as an episode is is
time Barrens which is a two-player kind
of card card II board game from
it's fine
good time perfectly yeah it was great
one of the guys who did spelunky helped
make time and it's a game I really enjoy
mostly because it's a game I get to play
often cuz it's a two-player game so we
used to have board game nights once a
week but Shh fucking life
Oh son of a bitch you know what I love
what about the vicar is how she like
holds onto her pendant yeah when she's
like in her in her like resting state
little characters character the boss
isn't that great yep oh yeah I've seen
Bob's mom so is that the one that looks
like a that looks like an old NES
cartridge that's a deck building game I
believe and I like deck building games
boss monster 2 is worth that Oh
apparently nice to be a lot better at
bigger Amelia well listen you're out of
practice you are out of practice and
that's fine I can't believe you didn't
get hit thing that's great perfectly
timed dodge super lady you can't fathom
my approach I can't I can I can't be
with how elite you are
I feel rekt this game often makes you
feel rekt that's the purpose of this
game that's that's the joy of the game
does it make it makes victory that much
more satisfying oh come on
no that was I mean that was all you
Oh get slow Evans getting slow damn it
Jack I you're not helping you're not
helping how many board games James has
they've been oh no there's only been one
board game scream I think I really like
that board game stream
the problem with the board game stream
is we need to make sure we have enough
people there and rich and I are never
sure if there's gonna be enough people
to stream board games usually for board
games you need at least four people to
make it work right
never the next time Karen's round you
know that'd be a great that'd be a great
all right how many times should I try
this one more try then I want to give it
one more try
okay and then and then maybe we'll call
for some help because I really want to
get to this DLC I know I know I used to
be better I can tell you that hmm well
of course of course you're not a prize
you got to get into the flow you get
into that flow yo
whoa whoa whoa James
hmm witches Thanksgiving Day streamers
was so fantastic and mediocre very
mediocre was it I know I'm just me
sitting there somewhat quietly watching
movies and playing video you went for
quite a long time you had quite the I
said I was gonna do it all days for him
yeah because why not all right come on
bitch
yeah
my Thanksgiving was wrought with
misfortune
it was raining far too hard to deep-fry
my turkey which is really unfortunate so
I just had to you know cook it like a
normal asshole in the oven and my waffle
iron wasn't working so I couldn't make
my my waffle stuffing my waffle shaped
stuff and like I wanted to but it was
still it was a little you know I I think
we talked about this on Wednesday but I
just loved the parade loved that
Thanksgiving Day Parade you see the
balloons I don't know why I like it so
much it's dumb Wow
hanging up there you go I don't got any
more I don't got it anymore oh that's
right she's weak to fire I think I have
some flame fans I think I have some
flame things let me see deep-fries no no
I I do it outside I have a fire
extinguisher I have a deep fryer and
like an outdoor deep fryer is literally
it's it's it's just a tube hooked up to
a hunk of metal and that hunk of metal
fire paper oh I do have fire favorite
great that hunk of metal just sits out
and you put a big pot of oil on him
that's all an outdoor deep fryer is but
it was raining so hard that I couldn't
get a good flame so I seem to remember
hitting her in the head doing more
damage I believe that and other people
are saying to shoot her do the shooting
work on bosses uh yeah we're some the
Blood star beast extremely well I know
that okay
now then we're gonna give this we're
gonna give this the old field try over
here I'll tell you what I mean like like
like always in this game the timing is
just kind of comical yeah but yeah you
can't do it you just have to wait for
that perfect moment when they're
attacking one frame where it works let's
see if we can get it to work I can't
speak for Jack I've not played
Darksiders 1 or 2 it's like Zelda meets
God or war well it sounds terrible then
I kind of hate God of War yeah yeah it's
a button mash fighter that's true
hip-hip x2 swing your chain around
wildly and hit everything
when it comes to brawlers I much prefer
ninja gaiden mm-hmm much prefer
well
doing it feel like a beer
what oh I definitely dodged that I
definitely dodged that son of a bitch
rich huh no yes I have beaten Ninja
Gaiden s on an actual mess when I was a
kid because I said I had to know how it
ended I didn't look 10 years ago to give
this one more chance one more chance and
then I'll go online and call someone
else on Thanksgiving I did stream some
old spider-man game I used to love and
oh yeah did not match my childhood
memories huh good we did this also
kicked my ass I was a lot better at it I
wish I got to show them the end of the
game hmm because that game ends with a
battle royale with all of the bosses and
will at once not like Megaman where you
do one by one but every one eye on the
screen going after you oh my god that
sounds it's wonderful chaos it was a
nice game Oh
Genesis Genesis game okay spider-man vs
the kingpin I didn't even I didn't get
close to the battle royal I'm sorry but
you know Doc Ock the lizard electro and
the Hobgoblin and venom all trying to
beat your ass at the same time that
sounds great
much much like mud appropriately for a
spider-man game the strategist just
dodge all over the place try and get
your hits in when you can yeah
he'll
I might even say he'll again get a
little good die in one hit
where you're at right now I
you heard me click that plane he'll heal
well I got it I got it dodged first stop
you heard me cook down I click that
goddamn foot was heels no I mean before
that I clicked the dodge button at just
the right time and I didn't dodge ok now
I need to figure out how to get someone
else in here I don't know I've never
ever done this before the rich stream
was epic but I don't think he beat a
single game wasn't the goal yeah some
games I didn't die I wasn't like doing a
series of no death streams just don't
find out where I'm in the mood for sure
sometimes I just yeah I played enough of
this do something else
yeah like I didn't finish
well spy ring it was kicking my ass but
I definitely didn't finish that was
short enough I probably could have I
didn't suck at it sure
dark forces just played a little bit I
think I've got tired of this yeah Dead
Rising 2 I think everyone else was tired
of it and Star Wars came up yeah I also
blame the steam controller you're using
the steam controller no okay
I did get to the IDE to play FTL I got
about the mothership died on the third
form I'm so sorry it's a good fight oh
if I had healing and range it would have
been doable or if I didn't fuck up and
fail to buy the the whole repair drone
now what is never to turn everything
around right there oh you were telling
me about that I guess something
distracted me or something happened when
I was at the store I was gonna I was
gonna buy us already oh yeah yeah when
my brain went back to the game I
purchased like engine upgrades or
something instead of oh fuck I'm so
sorry
alright I'm now in online mode so I need
to know how do you summon people I think
it said it's an an option or a thing
right it's uh I don't know it's like a
gun do I need more insight rich what is
your opinion on the Star Wars covergirl
makeup I don't know what the fuck that
is there you go
and I was like a summoning bell you have
to use I believe use insight to ring and
called
other worlds for help the beckoning
beckoning Bell okay all right to use the
or should I use it when I get closer I
don't know I've never never used it I've
never
oh and I only have to heal well fuck you
need you don't need to be online to
summon NPC hunters like Henriette right
it's not what you're gonna do
no no I'm gonna summon a real hunter
Jeff wants someone someone someone real
how's he doing
do I need to be close where does he need
to be you gonna use the beckoning Bell
from anywhere essentially that's the
question saying use it now
give me my goodies hold on
there we go you guys blood vials
alright use it now can someone confirm
or deny if this is a red-letter media's
Jillian starring in this McDonald's
commercial it very well could be I can't
check on that link right now but I did
see her in like a bank ad during the
last Olympics oh yeah I've seen that
commercial that looks a lot like her I
don't that's not I don't know I have no
idea what the cry have oh no no it's
it's like it's just like she's in a car
eating a breakfast sandwich but I have
seen her at a commercial on network TV
that has happened yes um I don't know if
that's her you she has a Twitter she's
online you can ask her if that's her so
what do I do now
I don't know the centers of summoning
filled that will follow you if you use
it until somebody joins I okay I've BEC
end
tomato damashii says I think it's
amazing that people are going nuts for
Star Wars crap before even watching the
movie the trailer is really that good I
think it just because it's got the Star
Wars logo on it you could you could sell
a piece of crap with the Star Wars logo
on it have you seen all of this stuff
with Star Wars logos on them it's it's
insane right now well that's fine but I
mean you could literally sell a piece of
crap to Chez rich standard
so what happens at the beckoning Bell I
don't know I don't know I don't know
they just said use it it's looking for
people who've used okay make more
episodes of the dude bros right that was
well before my time the dude bros if you
ever changed your opinion of a movie you
reviewed for half in the bag I haven't
reviewed that many movies on half in the
bag
oh okay times I've been on the show no
I've never changed my opinion on
spider-man 2 which is a piece of
horseshit with Man of Steel which is
piece of horseshit uh-huh what about
Mick star trek into darkness which is a
piece of horseshit or pixels which is a
piece of horseshit that was uh that was
the the only episode of half in the bag
that I've talked on these pixels and
nubs still still awful sad that was our
that was our final our final say with
pixels is just it made you feel sad and
I got some blood vials okay we're gonna
try the beckoning Bell again I am
beckoned
I have beckoned Jack fun fact you can't
actually visceral attack on stairs
because of the height difference yes you
can
I'm just reading the chat Chad I've done
it before I am I am uh no blood-borne
expert but I have visceral attacks on
stairs before you just got to get up I
just wasn't close enough I was not close
enough to do it and so I just attacked
regularly that happens sometimes you
know that visceral attack needs to be
timed so perfectly who wants to come and
help who wants to come and help me hey
I'm sitting here waiting for some help
hope hope are we going to be on the
inevitable force awakens half in the bag
all I know about the force awakens so
far so I'm going to see it
I can only assume you'd be on it yeah
I'm gonna subscribe them into obviously
I was talking about the amazing
spider-man 2 not Sam Rabbie's the
spider-man 2 which is pretty good yeah
agreed
she Lucas is Jack I've played this game
for like 400 hours the height difference
present prevents visceral attacks for
sure you know what MC Lucas now we might
have to do it just to prove you wrong
all right won't that be a fun game all
right
say ring it again bring it again bring
it again Oh
suspense 21 says so happy you like the I
can't ring it again newest highlight
video working on two others but I'll
return to editing those next week when I
have time Oh
being the lovable hex that you are by
the way thank you so much I don't know
if you've been noticing rich is suspense
21 like someone has just been editing
highlight videos for us and I made a
playlist on our YouTube channel and
they've been great thank you so much for
that like I think that's really amazing
that you took the time discovered the
time of a small resident Bell Oh rich we
need a straight confirmation that ninja
turtles remains horse shit because I was
on that episode yes that remains horse
shit
so know what that might be shittiest
horse of lot no wait those menacing
snail was the Ninja Turtles to shittier
than the amazing spider-man 2 wait
what's the Ninja Turtles 200 or never
megabyte 1
I moved the reboot the Ninja Turtles
reboot oh I don't have any that's fine
ok let's go
let's go man oh yeah I got a friend I've
got a friend Jack has a friend I have a
friend and we're gonna go beat up the
vicar Amelia shit I'm gonna say that the
Ninja Turtles movie is shittier than the
amazing spider-man 2 but they're both no
they're both crap I have not seen or
then you can't talk I have not seen the
amazing spider-man 2 but I guarantee
it's shittier than the ninja - where's
my friend that is just just go to the
boss maybe he'll teleport where's just
go to the boss and see what happens I
gotta go get my friend shit I gotta go
get my friend Jack has to get his friend
I have it a friend and he left me how
are you going to make him follow you he
knows where I'm going how does he know
how does he know jack well cuz hopefully
he's been listening to the stream right
where's my friend this random person who
happened to be playing blood-borne and
in no way would be necessarily be
somebody watching the stream you think
they were watching oh well I assumed it
was someone watching the stream no where
did he go oh there is oh my god there is
oh my god come on I found him
follow me please
thank you come on I'm fighting the
bigger fighting The Vicar
now he knows what's up oh he's fighting
these assholes user2 77221
says rlm is great Jack and Richard tasty
yes Mike and Jay make me question my
sexuality well there you go
okay okay oh you mean we make you never
want to have sex again like you question
like having a sexuality there you go
there you go now you're on the trolley
yep
now I got my friend fuck
he'll yep I have to back away you again
yeah I'll take any fucking chances I
don't think your friend even needs you
that's great
listen all I'm trying to do here is get
to the DLC we have a singular go Oh No
we have a singular goal here rich that
the policy is $2 on the $2 fruit to read
okay you're a dollar short my friend a
dollar short these are the rules we
invented I can't just break them these
are the rules so we made up
well well will I guess you're out of I'm
not a friend
my friend died all right all right it's
okay my friend helped
the reading requires two dollars and the
minimum tip should be two dollars you
know and we thought we said it's it's
well no no I don't want to set the
minimum tip to two dollars because what
if someone you know doesn't have two
dollars to give to us but they still
want to help with like 50 cents or some
shit like that
you give what you want to give he'll I
mean listen rich again I guess I'm
trying to get away I know she's gonna
kill him
ow
Dominic says rich dress up is Jean Lucas
when you go to see the force awakens and
constantly bitching mold your dream
creation that's great I'll fuck your
bubble honor says ok you gents now read
the other message all right the other
message you asked nicely oh that was the
same guy same person same person you
know you could have just donated the
other dollar I would have been fine too
you know it's fine it's fine you know
what
thank you confirm for us that Gillian is
in the first episode of Jessica Jones
even if she wasn't come on this is a
dollar here you're right you're right
Gillian was in the first issue she was
in the first issue of alias he drew her
in they drew her in the model they used
to draw a character an alias was Gillian
I don't think you've used as the basis
for Jessica Jones I think she was just
drawn in as a little random random
background person you'll see her you'll
see her looked just like she's in a
panel 8 you're on page 15 do I know when
I have my gun out
that was a visceral attack on the stairs
bitch sorry I really needed to do that
little victory sometimes cuz the big
ones just aren't working for you they
never do they never do
but that was a visceral attack on the
stairs which is something that I knew
was a and I'm very sorry for calling you
a bitch I really I really am that was
that was that was inappropriate of me
but I was you know I was actually just
really excited that I was correct and
you guys know I'm not very correct I'm
see Lucas do you have a response to that
do you have a response I'll read it
I I'm so sorry for calling you a bitch
his response Jack yeah haha well done
okay and chad is saying rag you guys
just know how I'm not usually right so I
get very excited has anyone ever told
you to how horrible you both are at this
game
oh fuck you yeah I haven't played this
game in like eight months so I'm sorry
yeah and you know I I guess has anyone
ever told me how bad I am at this game
absolutely after we did the review that
was a big part of people's response I'm
assuming your underleveled at this point
oh yeah you know what relatively
speaking last time last time we do fuck
that's right that guy with a gun
damn it last time I had already been
through all of like all the Armen so
and now I just need to find now I just
need to farm cuz I don't have any blood
vials oh really oh Jesus Christ
I really want to get to this DLC rich
this is my hole this isn't the whole
thing you have no blood vials I have no
blood vials yeah
can you I'm sorry I know it's an AI I
just got to go farm real quick I'm just
gonna go farm you can use passwords I
have mine set to prereq you might be
able to summon me oh okay alright hold
on I just need to I'm gonna go to yarman
and kill some trolls and farm for some
blood vials pause
day 689 chat continues rich rich police
say my name what do you think Jack what
do you think yeah go ahead
it's the first one oh no I lost it the
chatter OMG WTF BB q lol ass yeah yeah
that's pretty great name that's why I
read it alright I'm just gonna go kill
some fucking ogres real quick sometimes
you know fine we could summon MC Lukas
and then he can not visceral attack
people
hey guys tears that'd be great hope
missed it you know you miss your face
real tag sometimes you got to be right
up in there you got to be right up in
there business what does this stream
devolved into madness
it's devolves into madness usually
madness that's what we usually get to
but you know alright alright X months
have donated $1 in Luton you know what
rich they're testing their bags in the
mouth alright alright we they know what
the boundaries are as someone who has
children who test their boundaries all
the time you got us stable so you're
comparing our audience to children I
just want to make clear on what's going
on did they donate one dollar and 99
cents and knowing that we have a $2 left
is this the thing that has happened
that pays important okay penny saved is
a penny earned you know it's not it's
not about the penny principle it is the
idiot we have sensible we have set a
rule we did this so people wouldn't
donate one penny to make us a lol fuck
my cock right you know to say to say
what rich lol fuck my car but why does
it say lol fuck my cock you guys got a
cost in two dollars two dollars
okay these guys do you guys have a
password set because I'm playing now and
I'll totally give you guys a hand if you
want that's MC Lukas MC Lukas
yes jaggis jaga's Jack is earning some
health files I just need it and then
we're gonna get to it there I have nine
health files that should be more than
enough if we can get through then you'll
have no help files for the highly
difficult DLC area yeah well we'll worry
about that when we worry about that one
thing at a time rich one problem at its
own oh you know what I have some money
now so just go buy some real quick I can
buy two great right now you have eleven
I'd MC Lukas hold on the binary senses
to buck minimum and no laughs this is
the worst comedy club ever you guys
bring the funny we just bring you
together we just rake in the cash you
know what I'm gonna say every once in a
while we're funny Wow every time rich
are you guys ever going to set up the
robot voice for tips donations or just
read them ourselves
most streams do robot voice
automatically that automatically reads
them I'll look into that I don't know
how to do it yeah but then what might
they say though they could say yes I
know but you know what we got to oh my
god I know what we would do is set it
going away we would set up the robot
voice to be even LOL fuck my cock
says Newman artists Misner one says I
could be using this money to pay off
student loans but I need to hear rich
say lol fuck my cock again
you know what that's
