Episode 002
Bloodborne *insert pun here* (Part 2)
January 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38UC_5cuQHc
___________________________________________

oh you know what that's great
okay MC Lucas home let me defeat this
guy over here real quick so we don't
have to worry about him Oh already
wasting a blood vial can you imagine the
robot voice lol back mark my cock my
cock seems like photo lol fuck my cock
so what we would do is we would set up a
tier to be like if you know if you want
like if you want us to say it to dollars
or more oh you know the robot voice to
say it like five or ten dollars or some
like five or ten at a robot yeah I get
it
again the joke was you refers to the
bait and switch I mean he's gonna be one
under two dollars then the robot boy I
thought that's what you're going for
Oh we'll see because even even with our
two dollars we it like if there's
something so heinous you know we
probably won't say it well that's that's
when you get the robot voice reading off
join the not-see party
no you know exactly that's that's why
there needs to be a like a higher
monetary limit to the robot voice where
there's no filter why the robot voice
saying you know rich sucks Hitler cock
exactly whereas we could filter that out
is this UMC Lucas do you use the hammer
I really want to learn to use the hammer
but I'm afraid because it's a slow
weapon I love the hammer you know the
hammer that's also a sword oh I love the
look of it but it's not it's just not
it's not very as effective as anything
no I'm waiting
MC Lucas I have I have put in my prereq
as a password so now only people
watching the stream okay can join in and
you hat you have to do password man a
wreck no space we recognize no lowercase
so I'm just gonna spin and wait for MC
Lucas
keep my gun out I got my gun
Oh discovered the chime of a small
resonant Bell oh my god this is neat I'm
you know like I think this is a nice
thing because the game is so hard but
you know it's just not anything I were
to use normally night beams oh my god oh
my god fancy ass outfit what the what is
on your head it looks like your head
blew up and there's like a mushroom
cloud this must be you above your head
this must be Beyonce must be from the
DLC someone knows what they're doing so
is basically someone knows what they're
doing I just need some more blood by us
is it friendly fire that's a good
question
oh hey where you going don't straight to
that business no and I beams are going
the wrong way
or are you farming for me oh do I have
another is someone else helping me too
can I do this can I get to help a man
apparently now that this one is just
tempting me here what the one $1.99 yeah
but they're saying nothing but extremely
nice things I know I know but it's all
extremely nice oh sure but way out rules
rich this is the most flattering thing
I've ever heard nope nope rich rich I
can't I'm sorry I'm sorry we got we have
rules we have rules and I and I love
that you're testing your boundaries I
love that you're testing your boundaries
hey guys yes if you pay me $2 I will say
I like out of warp that'll happen
I kind of love it I have two people
helping me now gobbledygook says thanks
for the stream guys hey when you have
time someday you should check out DC
Universe Online for the ps3 you fucks
also lol fuck my car oh my god this is
insanity and it's a wonderful insanity
yes
when does this something that isn't wear
off just when they die maybe I like I
didn't know that you could get two of
them in here they're getting all the
action jag you better let me fucking let
them
fleshie patch says my cock is German but
has nothing to do with Hitler I am I'm
grateful for that
and you've done it with the help of two
people which is great thank you
how do I do this now oh just pretend
Jack's doing a nice friendly gesture
trying to do a friendly gesture well too
late there Jack well too late thanks
guys I appreciate that
aqua Nautilus if he's not lying he or
she says I was Knight beams I am so
happy to have played with you jack
Thanks I really appreciate you helping
me out
so now somebody somebody wants us to
highlight you pointing controller to
work properly
get on that Ridge pump key says it was
to the point it was oh yeah yeah nailed
it nailed it yeah my favorite part of
this is how close were it has to get to
the camera dirty yeah
PAH he Boyd yeah says Mass Effect 3 is
the best game in the best game and the
Mass Effect franchise I Richard Evans
fully endorse this message yeah uh
sellout that's the rules his own rules
which I like so much bald spot oh thanks
thanks not as much as me okay I'm really
in a hot rock and a hard place but there
you are and that's fine okay so wait now
Oh what I have to do oh no now I have to
get a thing right oh shit I forgot I
forgot how I had to do this now hold on
someone is someone in the chat ordinary
you know what someone in the channel
Tommy someone in the chat now what do I
have to do you have to go back to no
rich it's a big ol you know what I'll go
to the hunters dream so I can level off
know which you have to like you have to
do things now in a very specific way and
I forget to do I know it's fine now that
we've signed rules the one true Morty
says hey everybody the one true Morty is
a stupid moron with an ugly face and a
big butt and my butt smells and I like
to kiss my own bud that was a wife
because you donated I'm assuming that
was what you were saying that's why I
put your name in there yeah and not the
I'm I just I'm just assuming
love that my butt smells yeah big but
moat Moses like that's what Moses it was
a Simpsons reference I wasn't
yes the the bart has supernatural powers
episode okay and ER I would have I would
have just said the whole thing properly
with the I'm if I knew all right Jack
the stripper dd7
says rich please say I have no morals
and I love God of War get good Jack ron
paul 2012 oh here now this is the thing
gift from the messengers the eye of the
blood-drunk hunter beckons hunter to the
hunters nightmare
they deformed creature will whisk you
away outside Odin's chapel this is what
we needed it okay great so now we head
over here and we go to the tomb of Odin
Dungeon Master Blaster is rich can you
please read reiterate your explanation
for why that show Big Bang Theory is
shit what I said about Big Bang Theory
and I wanna I want to preface this yes
I'm not sure if I heard somebody else
say this and just got stuck in my brain
yeah I can't guarantee that this is my
own original thought okay I'm the Big
Bang Theory yeah but it's like blackface
there's the nerd version of blackface
it's nerd sploit ation that you know why
you've heard this from me I mean it's
from you this looks for me cuz I've seen
a couple episodes I'd see maybe maybe
half a dozen episodes of The Big Bang
Theory because every you know because
I'm a nerd everyone's oh you must love
the Big Bang Theory and it's horrible
every single joke is at the expense of
the Nerds yes it is nerds ploy tation
it's terrible not only no I mean it's
it's it's the it's the just the worst
stock nerd character ever yep nothing
it's not a unique creation just what so
let's
stereotypical nerd this dork right
threaten young yep little Star Trek he's
completely socially awkward ever even
the the stock stereotypical nerd yeah oh
yeah no and like all the jokes revolve
around how weird he is and man he
doesn't act like normal people act yeah
I gotta get back to the tomb of Odin oh
shit wrong way
I'm dumb I know where I'm going but I
don't I don't know where I'm going where
is the tomb of Odin oh do you didn't I
think I know where it is
oh yeah that's in I know where that is
stereotypical nerds fuck hot blonde
girls question mark have you seen
Revenge of the Nerds because apparently
yes which body cuz that's the goofiest
thing you can do with a nerd that's the
nerd got the hot chick thank you rich
that's what that is that's what it is
right there can you believe that the
nerd got the hot I mean come on what
kind of world you have to get grabbed by
the giant invisible monster on the
outside of the chapel it said I needed
to go to the to move out in that's where
you were this is the tomb right here oh
shit it's right outside the cathedral
Cathedral Ward lamp oh okay well they're
not gonna do that
whoa whoa whoa I believe you
just cuz went on I found maybe I
remember hearing something about that i
frightened you know the order in which
you have to do things to get to the DLC
that you paid for is beautiful I love it
I love that it makes you work like it
makes you do something other than just
pay for it like the monster comes from
over here right
yeah there it is
yeah
lumpy head 97 says rich please for my
ringtone you've you've reached Matt's
phone please leave your message at the
oh my god take that one more time clean
start I thought I gave a little pause
bit okay ready you've reached Matt's
phone please leave your message at the
oh my god nice nice I did it I made it I
made it to the DLC yeah it took us four
hours now we're gonna walk around for
five minutes you're gonna keep getting
your ass kicked then we're done all it
all I need to do looking there's the
lamp this is all I need
well rich Evan this is a perfect rich
evidence impression wait this is the
someone else's saying oh my name is Matt
I'm stealing that yeah
such consistency with the Oh My gods I'm
a parole
everything is new rich
No Oh oh that's right I'm an online mode
again fucking you might need it
huh you may need it I know but all it
does is ruin things for me rich are you
dying what would make you think I'm
dying I've been screaming for an hour
that doesn't help
if it's because my voice sounds off I
got the points for that guy killing
those things yes that's interesting I'm
sure he's going to be perfectly friendly
nope nope who could have imagined that I
should probably look you should probably
look where you're going come down here
and fight me down here I don't want to
fight you up there man
where'd he go I see him
I'm gonna hide behind this rock
now you're gonna hide behind that rock
well I throw a Molotov cocktails at you
is this being incredibly cheap yes is it
gonna work maybe I don't know QbD theory
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true it's another
nice message oh I beg you
thank you I can't read it but thank you
he's legitimately stuck
I am totally teasing him rich with these
windfalls if you considered buying our
lemon firing Mike and Jay and then re
hiring them at a greatly reduced wages
yes two dollars at a time another buck
fifty and I own our own literally that's
how much it's worth
here's the thing though if I bought our
LM I wouldn't be able to get Mike and
greatly reduced wages they would
probably charge an arm and a leg for the
services right and then without them our
ulema then worthless it would be the
worst business decision of all time I
guess I got to fight him now I've been
choosing him for so long
hey you don't have good job cheese bring
down there and hope yes I want to see if
I can quickly fruit pie magician says at
your level I would say parrying them is
your best option
I did say parrying and not parodying
because my brain for after I said that
thought I said parody wrong right but
I'm not sure that's what I did oh my god
right this is what happens when I try to
fight him it just doesn't work
I don't want to fight you I just want to
win Jack the stripper double-oh-seven
says cheesing is the only way to play
this game great this is not necessarily
true but is certainly certainly very
effective I feel terrible about this
there's another one coming oh shit
oh my god
maybe you just want to get the fuck out
of there not some cheesing yet I don't
think you have any choice I know lucky
bastard fuck yeah
run oh I got him a little bit oh I
thought this was a I thought this was
like a boss this is just a normal guy
this is just a normal doing across
hunters hopefully is a random hunter no
it was not like this they respond did
they respond that's I think they do
because there is two ideas then you're
fucked that way there were two
identicals of him then I just used all
my malls for nothing Jim by Jim says
with your best Spanish accent mm-hmm it
says he told sulla hey ma ma che ha I'm
sorry I'm a Sita okay
nasi necesito su leche mamacita I think
that's about right that doesn't sound
right at all
what doesn't sound right about that I
don't know whatever he said do you know
Spanish none then what are you bitching
about what was wrong what was what is
your critique Jack what's wrong with
that the accent was on the wrong I don't
know
they respawn and there's also a boom
hammer man great I feel great about this
melt and mail that says Mexican here
that was alright okay no there you go
rich isn't a literate Hispanic expensive
just says you just endorsed the Spanish
Nazi Party which is quite possible we'd
have no idea we'd have no idea what you
did Public Enemy 11 says the player was
in kin you can also get a beast
transformation mode in the DLC for
blood-borne what I don't know what any
of that is oh oh that's why the play
that's why the other guy looked so funny
Oh transformation transformation mode
well but you know what it doesn't matter
I'm so boned I can't even beat these
guys these are just normal enemies and I
can't beat them so I'm just gonna
concentrate on like picking up shit like
here's a there was a shit here I'm gonna
pick that up I don't know that is old
hunters clubs great and then we're gonna
concentrate on running past this guy
nope
what what oh he came from oh ma fleshy
patch says yeah okay here's the
situation okay my parents went away in a
week's vacation and they left the keys
to the brand new Porsche Willie mind hmm
well of course not Mario Mario 42 here's
the situation a mystic parents one who
sends padding yeah yeah nice so just in
case it's going a little bumpy on use
the situation has anyone really been far
as decided T wait what has anyone really
been far as decided to use even go want
to look more like I think that's
delivery ages too keen on sencence sure
let me know you do it better
has anyone really been far as decided to
use even go to want to look more like I
think I left out a do in their bed it's
fine I'm gonna go okay I got a cap and I
got a gloves that's what I've
accomplished
means old memes is that a thing was a
sentence a thing maybe could be I have
no idea all I know is I can't beat these
two guys more dyslexic than Jack
question more that's what that's what it
sounded like yeah that's how I live
everyday life what has never been far
even as decided to go want to look more
like yep has anyone ever been far even
as decided to go want to do look more
like great rich Evans is not dyslexic
and there's anything wrong with being
dyslexic I'm just there up because
people are saying things then give me
all over me did you know that I just
know I like to be not like anything
wrong with that there's many things
wrong with that
remember woman I do how was that note
helpful I'm not sure this is sarcastic
odd last Fox says by the way now is
versus the Evil Dead worth checking out
get out of here with those jokes with
these shenanigans oaks I think we should
just start our own stream that's that's
after Evil Dead the name of the stream
yeah after dead
getting out of here Walking Dead does
their it's not a stream it's an actual
TV program that's the talking talk show
about the walking dead yep oh my god
that is a lot of enemies on the screen
yep one time I'm just running I'm just
seeing where I can go
I guess there's another one this is all
oh my god oh yay demon Dobermans oh my
god it looks very difficult and I got to
say I don't like a look of it it's you
know what I think it's like a daytime
thing is that why I like I sure man just
it's it's kind of bland looking it's
gray yeah it's brown it's Britta it's
all brown and gray which is not usual
blood-borne which is all you know dark
and black and slimy this is not a slime
use the rest of the bug blood-borne Jack
is to hug me it's Jackie's dogmeat
that's all I'm doing right now is just
seeing how far away can run danger
peanut thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do 14 months Wow they keep subscribing I
don't know they don't understand that
we're bad they just don't get it oh wait
maybe I do want to go yeah you're you're
totally you totally don't belong in this
area nope oh listen I get Creed the game
is saying fuck you get out of my house
this is the same thing what's going on
huh yeah I agree the DLC is this large
area this is there you go you can't have
any of this please go away no it's worse
than that you can hit you can have all
of this is there an unwelcome mat in
front of the entrance to this area you
can have all of this you just don't
deserve it that's what the game is and
yes you take it like the good boy you
are of course I don't deserve it I don't
deserve it but I'll work I'll work hard
for it I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get it
I'm gonna get it this is terrifying
brown and gray oh it's not a shooter so
it's okay I I'm against it I'm saying
this is the blandest area I've seen a
blood-borne what do you want yeah okay
they said there's more stuff if I can if
I can get to the top of those stairs I
was running to there's some more stuff
you know what I hate check what people
yeah yeah hmm I guess I could see that
especially people that put words in your
fucking mouth that weren't there yeah
yeah peace yeah this this this the
strategy of yours is working so well
it's a great plan rich I got a great
plan here I'm gonna run to the top of
these stairs and go to the right go pass
the mob ones go past that guy he's no
he's no good to anyone
roll past the dog roll past the other
dog roll past that guy go to the right
go to not nope shit not up there which
there was an area that looks exactly
like this in blood-borne already what
the Blandin blind wise and what what
sense
shit can't get up there
hey I opened it you know what I did I
progressed I just opened an area well a
friction Jack didn't hate Metal Gear v
so much I get it I get it I'm assuming
that's joke because I did detect I did
like Metal Gear 5 I just hate the story
so I'm assuming that's a joke I have to
or my sanity will just be gone no rich
people think we legitimately hate all
what a fuckin the TV yep I'm not dead
I'm not dead people assume B I do I dare
the nightmare frontier saying look like
this
the nightmare frontier made of weird
like Lakes
yeah the nightmare front and you know
what the nightmare front team was that
have rockin legs didn't it yeah it was
rocks yeah so there was a reason for it
to be brown do rich and Jack like Metal
Gear Solid one two and three not at all
in my case I haven't played I haven't
played anything of 3-1 I thought was I
kind of got it despite hating every
moment of the story and then too I
stopped shortly after starting never
touched three
charging up again oh why did you back
off Oh your health your stamina stamina
stamina Stan
Stanley no stamina stamina why do you
why do you unlock why did you unlock
well that's okay I opened that gate
this will help me maybe I don't know you
have seen less than 5% of the DLC lol
right oh no I'm here way way too early
here's here's my real hope 1 I got it
you know like I unlocked it so now I can
come back any time right so what I'm
hoping I can do is run around like a mad
person and collect just like one cool
thing right one cool thing right now I
got a hat my gloves let's see if I let's
see what the old hunters hat looks like
what are Jack's odds of finding one cool
thing gloves oh yeah see look that's
pretty cool it's pretty cool hat so I
want to run around to find like one cool
thing and then and then you know we'll
stop playing this and play something
else and I'll go back to I'll go back to
where I was in the main game
Wow
is it thicket how long we been playing
this
we started like right at seven what time
- no I have no it's nine we've been
playing this for two hours would you
wanna switch to whatever that we could
switch to a different okay if you would
like yeah let me let me just I'm gonna
try one more run yeah yeah knock your
socks off whatever your whatever your
dumb not gonna but I'm never done
playing blood-borne love blood-borne ooh
somebody says try summoning one of us we
can maybe help you find some cool items
did you want to try that that is not a
bad idea okay I have my password thing
set to prereq where's my bell oh I got
rid of my Bell that's right
why'd you get rid of the Bell Oh cuz I
wanted to equip something else yeah I
had to do it quickly so I just got rid
of my Bell
I mean I still have my balance okay I
just understood like I am a equipped
beckoning vowel
okay I'm using the beckoning Bell my
password similarity is set to prereq all
one word all lowercase we're almost 42
sis racket League you never play that we
could hey we have fun playing rocket
League I love raggedly rocket League is
that shit has fun playing rocket League
rocket League is up there with just
games of like as far as Game of the Year
is concerned night beams help me find
some cool shit just I'm happy I made it
the silver in doubles oh that's three
versus three oh that's great a bell
ringing woman had one
what's a bell ringing woman nope hi my
beams
well if we just a plane just to follow
oh wait what's that what's ringing a
sinister Bell I mean I think it means
you're summoning someone else oh wait
blood echoes retrieved hey Cole hello I
can do this now I know how to do yeah hi
motherfuckers you you know what's going
on over here I don't I'm following you
Oh relentless freak juices I wasn't
being sarcastic I would very much like
to play rocket League oh you're doing it
you're doing it I'm the help of two
professionals I was gonna say I'm not
doing anything I'm almost dying two
crows that's how bad I'm doing oh I
killed that one crow there we go oh shit
like I definitely just swing your sword
your eggs whatever it is I desperately
want to stay out of their way oh there's
a go I see there's a cool thing okay oh
this is just like the the Cathedral this
is this is just like Cathedral oh okay
I've been paying much attention but you
know in in like the light time just
don't die Jackie focus I'm not dying
where we going guys you lead the way I'm
just I'm just here those two guys are
like tech support for Jack yes I'll take
it
hey guys PayPal is trying to fuck you
Oh nobody can tip anymore PayPal may
have frozen your typical oh well that
seems where when we have time I guess
we'll investigate that
oh and Anne today and there we go
what apparently there's just technical
issues I see the email right here hold
please you're receiving too much money
and twos and ones well I think that
that's probably a thing where they're
just like are you are you dealing drugs
that's gonna be that is gonna be my
email from PayPal right now is do do you
deal drugs
oh my god I get one moment please your
count
yeah it just wants to make sure that
it's still me I just need to I need to
add in some yep I need sad and some tax
information yes thank you PayPal for
stopping people from putting money into
my account well no it wants to make sure
that it's still me that I'm that I'm a
legitimate business so it wants me to
reenter my tax identification number
my employer tax identification number
you play the game I'm good you're
waiting for the uncoming stream oh my
god oh my god oh well I need to hear you
play the game and I owe my god and then
I'll send in the relevant information
oh you haven't done that yet yeah oh
yeah I need to do okay do you want to
ring a bell or you know oh I'm not gonna
fuck your game what do you want to do
that's not blood-borne if we're not
gonna play ball born well the other
thing we'll talk about oh yeah we could
do that one moment oh I'm meeting
hitting X to dodge because I'm an idiot
you died okay the way you said that I
thought you already done it I'm like Oh
jack knows his tax thing my heart oh
that's interesting
no I have it in I have it in here I need
to uh one moment please
would you very careful you know you guys
can't see my password like reflected off
of my glasses for my phone in this tiny
little part of the screen that's
actually not a terrible point
oh I was absolutely kidding there's
there's just no way there's no way you'd
be able to see any nope Wow like one hit
do do doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo dude still no no I
haven't fixed that we're not we're gonna
we're gonna paypal yet you guys you guys
have been too generous
and now PayPal is suspicious what are
you doing over there you dealing dress
what Spri right cuz that's some kind of
dope that's some kind of some kind of
speedball is this the new drugs the kids
are into
I wish officer I wish we had those kind
of numbers
oh shit which button is this rolls light
light attack ghetto god
get up in his jam and light attack stop
it PayPal's think this is the most
active prostitute we've ever seen
and cheap too let's get it on this oh
look at him yeah no wonder
click the nevermind button I wouldn't
pay $2 Fett who the heck is paying for
these jackasses bump-bump-bump now I
have the gunk stuck in my head they're
doing some kind of drug called lol fuck
my cock
raising me one hit okay did you do to to
to to to to to to do doot doot alright
riposte
yes strategy is not working oh okay I'm
sorry no you're not sorry you should
know I'm not sorry at all I'm trying to
figure out this pic understand do you
yeah do you I don't need
pardon me one moment
I am I am terrible at this section of
the game which I have never seen before
and I'm under under level before but I'm
still terrible item oft we need an FTL
victory run I had one last night when I
was at the streaming and I kind of I
kind of wish the teleporter once so
weren't so overpowered on the boss
because the only sane strategy for the
mothership is teleporter kill off all
the crew except for one in the first
phase and disable the missile washer
always disable the missile launch that's
the first thing you have to do nope nope
nope
see I I'm not healing because I know
Jack was having health file problems
earlier and I don't want to use all this
hope vials not getting any further in
this game basically I'm just killing
time till he gets back cuz I don't want
to ruin his run his game I don't you
know whatever whatever there I will not
be playing FTL tonight actually I guess
there's no point to beat around the bush
but the plan was to play more
battlefront I'll fly some space ships
like the bishops
oh I wasn't targeting him that was that
was a mistake
that's right in battlefront I am a great
layup do I have an opinion on the super
Star Wars series first nests no not
really
it's fine action platformer with Star
Wars characters that's pretty fun
but even at the time it was never one of
my favorite games oh shit fuck this oh I
got
this is just this is just brutal
plus my camera is inverted Oh God
Oh didn't mean to do that
does it mean to do that didn't mean to
do that
Oh God Oh God it's unforgiving jack
unforgiving okay yep all right
everything's fine this should be cleared
up hopefully soon it was just one of
those things where is like the the
amount of small transactions was just
enough to be like you need to double
verify that you're an actual business
come on make sure give me the info
because PayPal they don't give a fuck if
you're a prostitute or there we go great
as long as you pay your taxes as long as
you're off of PayPal's back they don't
give a fuck fleshy pad says derp PayPal
my donations have resulted in zero blow
jobs thanks for your concern well there
you go it's true it's true zero blow
jobs I was open an account of donations
by way I would really hope so unless we
should pool the money afterwards gonna
go to a prostitute then it will have
just not yours
that's what is your plan run
my plan is to run and what is your
somewhat longer term as planned yeah we
can stop playing there's anything you
want what l Metron 106 --is what's this
talk about under level what's this talk
a lot under level you know you don't
have to level up and from soft games
just get good that's true
Jack the stripper DD seven says I rich
Evans hereby endorse and subscribe nope
not gonna say it fuck off there you go
now I said I rich Evans subscribed to
loving puppies and kittens yeah and
everyone is wonderful and great and life
is good there you go
I'm not gonna read anything you said I
see you over there that's the kind of
shit that'll ruin it for everybody
ya know I read the me3 one so you know
this is bad
there's all sorts of weird shit around
here
oh sweet
shit fucking sweet shit look at that
thing
fuck fuck don't look at that thing run
away you can't run away
you can't sweet mother of monkey milk
look at that thing
oh there's gotta be something awesome
behind that door all right Jack was one
for you to say by Doyle 871 okay Doyle
871 says okay let's see here
this was her Jack rich I love you you
glorious bastard oh and fuck my cock
okay uh anonymous says here's the money
please ship my drugs to peel box 400
PayPal doesn't give a fuck and then
there's an address and it might be
someone's address so I'm not gonna read
it that's great they don't give a fuck
man am I are you paying your taxes not
my problem then that's what PayPal says
yeah I recognize that obviously Lucas
says the thing that just killed you is
actually the nightmare version of the
gigantic ax dude guarding the alleyway
at the start of the game yeah yeah I
loved it so cool looking
Oh oh fuck fuck fuck just keep running
that's what my plan is
oh look at this just a boss what echoes
art Reeves how did it what Lindsay
yo-yo-yo-yo says hey hey hey hey hee hee
I like poo poo and pee pee hey gahafer
Jack says excited for the game Awards in
December third question mark also would
you like prereq to become big enough
where you can do it full-time say with
daily streams and hiring more people
anything against me more money is fine
by me I you know I I would love to be
able to do some you know pretty like pre
Rick I would like to be able to do like
to dedicate more of my time to prereq
sure you know obviously like we don't
make a ton of money here and I still
need to keep my job I don't know that I
would ever be a good enough journalist
so like go to the game developer
conference right give honest like
opinion and feedback on what's going on
there well this game right I got
something I got an item I'm just a
schmuck essentially whoo I got the eye
pendant that unlocks the surgery altar
well there you go
does that alter you a surgery that must
be like it's a new thing I can probably
do now that's great love that rich you
hack you didn't read mine well we have
80 of them at once I might have missed
it
I see what I'm what I have here
DJ 8 1996 you didn't meet the 2 dollar
minimum requirement now if you donate
another 50 cents I will
well maybe read it unless you're
horrible like that other one I mean you
know the message isn't that great I mean
you could donate another 50 cents but I
just hold on your money hang onto it you
gotta be honest dick brutally honest
Cass the Savior thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Jack would say it's true we really do if
you weren't running for his fucking life
and blood-borne like a little coward
like a little girl like it's like a tiny
little girl
I believe little girls have more balls
than I do
right now I'm just I'm just running it
for my life afraid of everything that's
around me Fung Crockett says I can't
wait to do a line of Jimmy James I'll be
seeing spikes everywhere future future J
says the economic crash in Greece has
lowered the rate for prostitutes from
fifty three dollars to two dollars and
twelve cents just saying incidentally he
donated
so you have any more luck in this area
yeah these guys I can deal with this is
this is like this is yarman yeah but a
little more ruined a little more ruined
a little more gray a little more gray
and you know I just keep pushing forward
I would love to fuck you what why I paid
the $2 and didn't get anything rich may
I at least change the message to
something you'll say question Berg sure
what do you type it's a cup so you type
it in the chat No
while World War Jack have you gotten any
of the new weapons I like the fire thing
Jack jet can barely survive did you see
me running for my goddamn life oh yeah
where is there a new head stoner
wait a minute
rich how was Jack's turkey oh boy
did you tell let you tell the turkey
story hopefully yeah hopefully you guys
heard that I I couldn't deep-fry and it
was raining too hard so Jack was good it
was just regular turkey though that I
had but I appreciate that
great way thank you I'm sorry that I
could not provide you some Brussels
sprouts and bacon it's actually a pretty
good combo that great yeah yeah you just
cut up Brussels sprouts put some bacon
in olive oil put it in the oven it's
great wait how do I get back
Banga Doug says oh my groin oh my groin
what's wrong with your face
what what what my precious Night Court
tape won't play in my VCR what what what
what what what what what what anonymous
says will you read movie spoilers for
money oh here's one but Bruce Willis's
character in The Sixth Sense was dead
the whole time so apparently I will read
movie spoilers for money Wow
maybe maybe just older ones sure but
then again there's a lot of new remorse
me I haven't seen the man just don't
know spoiler yeah I guess I will
hey where's the surgery altar I found
the headstone CBDs theory says that was
like an entire fan script yeah that's
great so over here this headstone that
uh that the doll sometimes comes that's
how you get to the the nightmare okay
which is neat but I got a pen dude
I gotta pendants where's the new altar
that sounds fantastic that where's the
new altar there's the new altar someone
in the chat where's the new altar I want
to fuck with my body Anonymous is Jack
this is important I'm gonna need to know
okay it's life or death
okay do you still remember the
differences between rows and columns
like the columns in the Coliseum rows
columns he did it folks were whoever in
the chat said that I've never thought
about columns like columns that hold up
a building before and that did it that
just did it that air it's gonna stay
there whoever in chat said that first
thank you cuz now I will all forever
remember that columns are up-and-down
rows or side to side so yes by the way
that's a good question
you're getting lots of congratulations
and well done jack has learned yay you
know learning is not easy
can't find worse that where's the body
altar
does anyone know where the bad altar is
MC Lucas said that the surgery altar has
passed the first DLC boss oh so
basically you're never gonna see it I'm
never never that's that guy so I'm gonna
read it first
oh wait no different guy different guy
but it's the one with the missing $0.50
all right DJ 1996's apologies for the
missing 50 cents I'm from Canada and the
currency was all messed up oh yeah this
should be enough so sorry for the
mistake guys you can buy at least five
Greek prostitutes with this new tip you
guys and your Greek prostitutes alright
DJ is original comment yeah uh yeah I
want to order one gram of coke maybe
some meth and adderall
should be enough for all that you were
50 actually it wasn't enough it was 50
cents 50 cents short but thank you thank
you we appreciate it I think it's great
I think it's great that you guys are
just pushing this boundary with PayPal
that's fine when when I get when I get
audited next year this is all on record
this is all saves on record and I'll
have to improve receipts for all this
and and my accountant is gonna look at
all this and go what the fuck were you
thinking
I wanted to be funny I mean it and he'll
go
okay obviously I'm not going anywhere
soon all right this is important this is
important Jack when you put the Brussels
sprouts and bacon is the bacon raw or
cooked okay
so here's here's the important part with
the Brussels sprouts and bacon one you
got to cut off the stems of the Brussels
sprouts it has like a little stub of a
stem to cut the Brussels sprouts in half
or if they're very large in quarters
that'll make them cook a little faster
now put it in a bowl with some olive oil
salt and pepper mix it all up so the
olive oil kind of coats everything then
you put in the bacon raw raw you put in
the bacon raw 375 about 4550 minutes
okay and you want to wait until you want
to wait until the Brussels sprouts look
almost overdone you want those the outer
layer of the Brussels sprouts to be like
dark and crunchy you're even the ones we
gave you weren't quite done enough yeah
they're good yeah yeah but like Jack
given confront confirmation jack gave me
the shitty Brussels well you know no
everyone got the shitty Brussels sprouts
because the turkey had to go in the oven
and not the deep fryer
so everything so everything was messed
up but bacon goes in raw once the bacon
gets crispy and the outer layer of the
Brussels sprouts gets crispy it's like
nothing you'll ever write it's great
effort the oven is the best way to cook
bacon because it cooks evenly it is only
got literally I don't know next up on
Brussels sprout chat Dylan lip says
Kickstarter wrap up review episode when
also spoilers Vader is Luke's father
you know these spoilers are all fun and
games and city guys mentioned something
recent not sure he means by the
Kickstarter wrap-up slash review episode
I think we talked about this once we
rich and I have a lost episode of prereq
where we reviewed early access games oh
yeah yeah we did we did a necrodancer
visible link it was we did a full we did
a full necrodancer
Oh what it was finished when it was
finished yeah still like it
yeah and we did recap on stream and the
recap is I didn't much invisible ink for
me lost a lot of its polish lots of lost
a lot of its newness so I didn't I
didn't much care for it now that the
full release is here crypt of the
necrodancer still amazing in grade and I
still want it on my Vita which may or
may not happen but I haven't I'll admit
I haven't replayed it much but I still
do like invisible ink yeah and it was
very satisfying beating it on normal
mode with an actual last map and whatnot
and you know I thought the last map was
like no spoilers I thought it was a real
letdown after beating it where it's just
like oh it's one of those things I don't
know like I said it just it became more
boring for me and it lost all that
newness that would have carried me over
the normal boringness because I played
it in early access the campaign could
have been a bit longer
I think but I've heard I haven't really
played the DLC yet I've heard that's
what the deal see actually does they I
don't know there's some other story
twists in there okay so yeah and and
creepers the necrodancer really loved it
crypt of the necrodancer the greatest is
even better done yeah it's the great
anonymous says movie spoiler in Star
Wars Episode one The Phantom Menace near
the final suppes of the film - two of
the most popular characters Jedi Master
qui-gon jinn and Sith Lord Darth Maul
die Pizza train 11 says thanks for the
golden shower guys love r.kelly all
right I'm out of here are you done yeah
I mean truth be known I i could keep
playing this oh yeah yeah and what what
I'm gonna do it the only problem is the
area I'm at now is an area I've actually
streamed before that old yarman yeah and
I just don't want to redo all the armor
for the stream but okay huh and we have
we have another game that we could play
I've told them awareness you have okay
battle fraud
battlefront battle battle of duty which
sounds like it's kind of a nice name for
it right battle fraud battle fraud Star
Wars of duty okay
star star wars star wars have give us
money yeah yeah basically Star Wars have
give us money hmm so let's do that
these guys should be out playing bingo
bingo you want put a bingo
sure let's play bingo b23 yay i won yay
i won eject my shiny shiny head here we
go alright you can read I've read 18 of
the Oh convenient stream hey guys just
want you guys weren't like a cooking
show creative stream a creative cooking
show stream this is what you're asking
for
I want you to think about this I can do
my sandwich that's just like French
bread or sourdough bread like cut like a
sub oh cheese and the onions the orange
peppers I'm decoding the things one it's
weird
are you doing then you're weird
yeah I like cooking I like cooking and I
cook a lot I cook every day all right so
you said you found split screen for this
or something oh yeah yeah you can grab
that uh that control that control our
there is so they have a offline
split-screen game and it's basic it's
waves you know your two guys then you
have to defeat waves of enemies think up
so you guys should play battlefront
waiting where we playing oh you know
what we really should do is update the
stream
call it previously cooked is a joke
about how foot on cooking shows is
always there that's a very clever idea
that's a very clever idea
okay
single or cooperative action don't have
to turn on my controller trum yeah I
only go to HDMI one when I don't know I
don't know why anything happens right
GLW
yo whoa uh-huh says I hear you jack my
accountant is a big fat dumb ass to open
he gets rectal cancer though a little
bit far that's a little too far no my
eye I enjoy my accountant he helps me
pay my taxes and that keeps me out of
jail l met Ron lol Menten 106 says yeah
yeah either do a cooking show or star in
a remake of face off where's the faceoff
connection what you just logged in as me
and now you turned to take team I won
again for some reason I thought I was
cooking a new user you know this is why
you guys like the FaceCam you
