Episode 158
MS PAINT Game Gift Giveaway (Part 3)
January 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx7iy_mYUXw
___________________________________________

and start streaming and start streaming
we got green playing down here
that's good that's something and I still
got nothing but we'll see if it comes up
on yours oh wait we got okay we're back
up we are back up
wait I'm gonna wait to Jake is back and
free pause I'm guessing for awesome
cause I'm guessing I'm not even checking
yeah we're not even checking right now
no we haven't checked anything since the
stream went dumb and yet rich pause is
drawing so I'm not I'm not looking at
the chat right now I just want to let
everyone know that rich is not looking
at the chat so your guesses are moot at
the time we're gonna wait for Jay to
come back and we leave rich will
continue to draw or you just keep
drawing hmm what's a jig expect okay
rich wants to wait for Jay I'm gonna
make sure I can see once this ad is over
then the drawing and everything looks
fine yeah oh okay okay
oh my screen that was the lad gotcha
what do you think of my drawing so far
um I like it
okay do you like that detail on the
mouth huh huh you mean that it's a you
know it looks it looks like a mouth and
Jay is back we are ready to start again
oh you're waiting for me yeah wait for
me I'm kind of working still oh I'll be
an hour we know we had to fix the
screams okay okay here we go
rich is starting up again back in slow
back startup no yes we are we are now
paying attention to the chat oh wait
black remember I remember yeah yeah
that's a good didn't know the movie but
he's doing okay you guys haven't got it
yet I mean you're kind of getting most
people have guessed correctly that that
is a woman or girl of some kind
yeah so good job on that hunger um
Jamie to log in here I can no longer at
the winner okay let's pull up and find
his name yeah yeah Lee logging me out of
the chat yeah so I've been trying to
tell Avenged
eleventy fold that he got it he got the
correct answer of Sophie's Choice yeah
what Sophie's Choice but uh
oh it stream is offline so worried
they're not hearing us oh wait no no no
no it was Sophie's Choice avenged 11
default got it first and then as soon as
we mentioned that that he won it crashed
and so it's your fault avenged way to go
but look at this look at this great
Sophie that's a great Sophie's Choice I
don't know that's what happens in the
Nazis forced her to choose one of her
cancers net the gist of it I've never
seen it yeah
I honestly don't know anything beyond
the title I thought it was like ideal
they would only let her take one of her
kids with her when she was what I
thought it was like a health thing were
like one of her kids could like you
donate a kidney to the other kid but he
might die and so though parent had to
choose whether they both might die or
they both might live what is a chat
what's Sophie's Choice look I don't have
time for Sophie's Choice I got so many
other
because I have to see like Silent Night
deadly night part 2 yeah okay I have
priorities okay it's your tongue okay
I'll try not to kill the dream no
someone just copy pasted the the plot
really yep it's really about now yes I
had no idea was about the Nazis I didn't
know either they will there you go
thank you that's one of those movies I
know the title but I never knew what it
was actually about yeah
okay great platform of doom um yeah I've
seen this a couple times to the people
who say like no half in the bag for a
month they kept busy guys just came out
I'm currently editing the best of the
worst that is about three episodes worth
basically there's going to be a late
December glutton
yes content I mean also you know they're
making a feature-length movie also
they're the ones who package up all of
the merchandise yeah I'm I was hoping I
was hoping one of you got that one okay
okay we are going so we are ready for
slow mode can I write text if it doesn't
pertain
like it's like quotes in the movie no no
no no no words no words at all you can
you can draw quotes from the movie sure
sure okay just want to make sure I
assumed not but I wanted to make sure
cuz I have something very specific in
mind that I'm gonna do here yeah okay
okay here okay we are now in slow mode
all right
and Jains 30 it is not Caddyshack you
are wrong and you wasted your slow mode
guess it's like how like their their the
plan here is to get an early guess in
just in case yeah yeah just in case they
can stab but then by the time 45 seconds
comes around there might be actually
something drawn okay oh my god this s
Joby s Joby 89 how in the world I think
it's cuz I'm attempting a job from the
proper perspective of the shot in the
movie how in the world did you get there
will be blood and it's gonna keep doing
it keep finish you're trying there is no
way s Joby H oh jesus H Christ sometimes
you guys you shock me
you shock me odd oh and don't forget
about avenge eleven default I tell
myself I did not forget about well I'm
done you got it yeah exactly event
Nicole do you usually shock me in a bad
way I'm shocked in a good way how
quickly you guys get oh that's great
that's a great little drawing DJ which
one did avenge eleven t forget Sophie's
Choice Ivy says I don't think it matters
like which movie they want I just want
to write it down for posterity yeah sure
okay great rich what I just wait just
Sophie's Choice
oh my gosh I you know I I don't I've
done me look screen I hope also that you
guys aren't doing this I think this is
fun and I think this is a unique the
next blinky review spoilers there was
blood that's my favorite aspect of that
movie is that the title basically tells
you where it's going what direction is
that he does so great okay I think this
is an interesting thing to do
I'm unwrapping I'm wrapping it oh god
damn it
honey yeah so I wrote a few you're
getting all the ones that you hope to
others would get I wrote a few that I
really wanted other people to get and
now I got it yeah this is what you get
oh my god hmm okay you know what these
are you think I'm sure but it would have
been more fun to see you to see and hear
you guys hold on
print them out and sign them okay hi are
we ready are we ready yes okay okay do
you remember brain my brain was dead
here hey to reboot my brain to restart
your brain stream here we go rusty
snooze got it oh well I think it's zeros
but Frosty's news got it already
well we worked on the name that's
important I guess mr. P copy pasted that
was clearly a guest just based on the
fact that you drawing something
business-related frosty shoes Frosty's
news hey you drew a - he got it before
that
oh yeah why that's still no he wasn't he
had the tree finished right yeah yeah
okay it's cuz you know why because Jack
didn't reference no reference to thing
we did yeah you see green yeah yeah yeah
that's true
cuz I've seen other people like elves
like the action movies that we done so
Jack it was a stupid idea and you should
feel ashamed we wanted here to have fun
we're here too we're here to test their
abilities yes
movies right and I'm sorry you're right
and I'm sorry
I take that come on take the Hat we have
all of your twitch names copied in a
Google Doc Oh John kylo the movie was
Christmas vacation too I don't know if
we even son oh sure that's what it was
Christmas vacation too
yeah that's another one I even watched
her be any oh okay my wife certainly any
Christmas movies this year
oh yeah I've watched black Christmas and
Cylon deadly night part two we just
watched el you know else cute classic
that's a cute one
classic cute one okay are we doing this
one subs only uh no do another non sub
only and then next round will be cell
phone okay Mexico because I already said
because I started it right I started
round me you J yeah yeah okay okay all
right
Oh junkie oh I didn't know there was a
Christmas vacation to our moderator
doesn't know our videos how embarrassing
for you John kilo
it's quite okay go watch our Christmas
best of the worst from last year that's
great a lot of people like that one
okay you should you should see elf it's
it's cute it's fun it's cute and fun and
a little smokey but although it's you
know it's it's okay to be schmaltzy in a
children's Christmas movie like that's
kind of what I like about that movie is
the complete lack of cynicism yeah
that's fine for a movie like that yeah I
knew whatever was guessing was going to
be the first guest nope nope someone got
it riser G risers II got mightyjoyoung
oh wait no I'm sorry Dave Davey eight
eight zero zero five Dave guess
mightyjoyoung right before I'm so sorry
and it's one right after the other do
one keystroke away yes yes you're very
close but Dave via day VI o five got it
da ba da da uh yes and I knew once you
pick once you got that wonder it feels
like everyone's gonna guess King Kong
yeah you got it jack I got it okay da da
ba live mighty Joe Young congratulations
wait those prizes yeah there's prizes
we're rich and I get gifted a bunch of
Steam games and a lot of times we get
doubles and so we are going to purge our
steam accounts we we got a bunch of
games gifted to us purely for this dream
you you have a lot more extra than I do
well I'll be it's because I giving you
stuff Jack it's because I I put things
in the gift inventory when they
you put them all in your in your
inventory so you can't get them out okay
okay that's a pretty good gorilla for
drawing it with a mouse oh they're
saying it terrifies people so I need to
delete it no I think it's pretty great
that's a really good girl I am oh my god
if we had copies of alien isolation I
would not even gift that to people
jokingly or five nights at freddys now
Jay will go and then there will be a sub
Oh nice girl
Jay will go and then the next round me
rich Jay will be sub only but Jay will
not be sub lonely that's just a regular
round for the next one for the next one
okay yeah all right your turn all right
Oh Mario Mario it's true I am a terrible
drawer that'll be fun I can think of a
way okay give me a second here to think
I can do this you guys don't even know
how much I got this visualizing is the
poster
nah doesn't seem like it should be that
hard either
let it flow Jay they can start
guessing now they already have starting
if somebody can someone gathers someone
gets to White Christmas
oh because that's funny yeah I can tell
you how I would have done it
yeah what's your why you tell me once ya
know it's you know but that's part of
the fun is kind of like forcing you to
draw without thinking you know okay yeah
they are though they're just throwing
out names because they might oh that's
funny I won't say it though okay all
right all right in crocodile brain you
are wrong
you can do it Jay we believe in you
doing something okay more than a else
once I get some color right so I'm
saying it's another Clive Owen movie
this guy does look a lot like Clive Own
everybody Jay draws looks like this is
really it's not necessarily the easiest
thing we do this is time trying
this is tom drawing clive owen
I'm trying to close this off so I can
color this in
That's a movie, spacekimo
What are they saying?
Mr. Roger Goes to Prison
I don't think that's a movie.
Is there a skin tone, a skin color...damn it.
Gonna make his hair white.
Don't say that out loud.
This is what I picture my picture you when I'm drawing.
know but that's fine oh oh there it is
yep gonna Phase II gonna Phase II gets
the naked I would have drawn just a
regular gun as good as I could never say
I would have started playing like censor
bars over it I hope you would have been
confused by the censor bars I think if
you just drew a dick yep the naked gonna
I'm gonna Phase II excellent guess I saw
it like a couple guesses before that was
spy hard and it's like I miss Leslie
Nielsen everybody does everybody does
it's really true everybody misses Leslie
Nielsen everybody misses George Palin
yeah everybody misses Phil Hartman yeah
mrs. Phil Hartman yes yeah because he's
from this area
sure he's from Milwaukee huh and I saw
him at the the deli near my old
apartment one time he must've been
dumped or something
sure and it was mom lived near my old
place people are saying his hand is
confusing it's a fucking Mouse we're
drawing in ms paint
what are those things called like a
stylus or tablet yeah like a lottery
Williams could do it
Freddie Williams I don't know Freddie
Williams could do it with the mouse oh
my god this would have been a great day
was fine ice but like a welcome maybe I
don't know it's I've heard it for now
I've heard it pronounced both ways a
wacom and awaken either way Freddie
Williams I have a feeling would blow all
of a side of the water or would he take
far too long because he wants to be
detailed
those were Holloway yeah yeah I agree I
was like I was almost literally rolling
on the floor track bad sky Danny you're
funny all right so now we go back to
subscriber only mode hold on Jack I'm
doing do me over and under and whether
or not I should get another energy drink
well we can take a break let's do that
we're gonna take a break we're gonna
take a break we're gonna come back
oh uh Ghana Phase II thank you for
subscribing you didn't need to subscribe
just because he won but we really do
appreciate it
you just wanna win again cuz we're going
to subscribe that's fine that's fine
oh just in time for my thing here oh
great well we'll be right back we're
gonna take a break hey
you
hey guys I got another energy drink and
we we ate some sugary treats and I got a
mad elf
fail this was sent to us by a fan yeah
it's a Christmas beer ale brewed with
honey and cherries Wow happy holidays
that's pretty tasty great it's 11
percent alcohol holy father it's high
for a beer or higher than most beers
that I drink but then again I haven't
been drinking a lot of beer lately yes
I've had three beers in the last like
month and that's it no for cuz this is
my second one tonight so four beers in a
month and that's it I'm gonna wait for
rich okay that'll be the birthday boy I
am drinking a Doss is that here that's
your energy drink of choice they all
taste the same to me they all taste
disgusting to me Monster is the only I
drink monster once a year for B fests I
buy a 4-pack and I drink it throughout B
fest let's the only energy drink I ever
had yeah aren't they like a thousand
calories each it's a lot it's too much
yeah that's still quite a bit for a
beverage honey yeah
is this make me feel funky so I don't
drink them and I don't think they taste
very good
but with with B fest they're necessary
to give you energy they do follow but
then they also make you crash war and
b12 b6 have you ever seen the movie role
models the David Wain movie no no Paul
Rudd and what's-his-face Sean William
Scott
they're like spokesmen for an energy
drink company and so it's like a montage
at the beginning of the movie of them
going
school to school like trying to tell
people to stay off drugs kids safe drugs
drink Minotaur let's say they're
drinking drink a Minotaur instead and
then during this montage it just shows
them both in like a public restroom and
they're urinating in the urinal and
there's their piss stream is like neon
green cuz all the energy drinks yeah you
gotta save this one this is a classic
we're going already
we're going on baby we're talking to
people already okay we're just dying
what's that behind his head I was just
playing around with a different painting
okay
oh it's a nice size like that it seems
huge it seems comically large yeah yeah
okay oh this is the this is the name
that I pull okay oh okay okay
interesting
yeah I can they give a few options I
don't know what I'm gonna do yet oh I
got it I know here we go here we go
I know exactly what
oh I think I know where you're going
oh never mind no I don't it's better way
you've could have done this Jack working
better wait oh there goes oh yeah I was
worried it was like nobody was saying
anything for a minute there okay I think
they're waiting for the okay to start
guessing Oh everyone do more ways
through slowboat a Jedi Master rich Mike
Myers is not a movie to see an SME
although he appeared as uh oh I heard
Amazon's dr. evil I didn't see it I
watched a bit of it it didn't make me
laugh and I stopped watching it but that
sounds like Saturday Night Live I
honestly don't know what you're doing Oh
Walt Walt I'm here Pisan beard yes you
won what are you oh you're doing the
ball gag your mouth gag I think you're
gonna chew the bandage in the bats and
that's what I thought you're near the
back of his head with the bandaid on his
neck that would works this is more but
Walt eyes and beard got Pulp Fiction oh
yeah of course they do
Walt heisting beard hold on let me get
find your name and copy your face all
eyes burn
Walt Heisenberg there's a - we're not
Jack I'm the opposite of - but I'm slow
what well I'm in there you go copy
winners all these people who win we're
gonna lose all that information you're
gonna crash it's in the Google Drive you
know what stay for the cloud dog no pulp
fiction Walt hi
I watched Pulp Fiction recently because
I hadn't seen it for a long time oh yeah
what you think it's still great it's so
every bit as good as it always has been
I tell you that I'm not surprised yeah I
can hack this out
we will not be auctioning off either
Rich's new computer or Rich's old
computer that sounds like my old
computer in the new ones like using the
same art drives and disk drive yes okay
this should be pretty easy I have
complete confidence in myself okay yeah
we're sharing how we're starting the new
one already let's go
the other it is I know what it is okay
oh yeah okay there's there's dr. J
starting slow Mon okay we um all right
we are in slow mode go rich fancy oh my
god you can do that yeah oh you can make
shapes have you never used an MS paint
the why use photoshop because that's a
real program what Jay said the one time
I've used MS pain was for that stream
okay it's fun seeing where the stream is
and seeing like what people would guess
because of that yeah I have no I know
what the title is and I don't know what
register I'm not sure you know Oh
something another wrong movie that's
that's entirely possible
okay yes we will be auctioning off
ridges old Internet oh okay
I don't know what you're doing I know
what he's doing
yeah I know what he's doing oh okay you
should be getting it right about now
Ashley rich has got some mspaint skill
there it is
au gratin gradum oh one random one Greta
my one of the Wizards the wizard I want
the power glove it's so bad
oh right after you gotta grab him every
single person yeah it was it was the
buttons that did the simplicity of it
like if this was a criterion release
this would be the cover yeah criterion
covered excellent excellent job grandma
one I remember like 12 13 years ago my
friend Ryan suddenly had the urge to
revisit the wizard so we walked down to
the video store cuz video stores still
existed at that point and we walk in he
just immediately like bolts up to the
front counter and user knows hi do you
have the wizard like you said it's just
like that this so bizarre Elvis Elvis
thanks for coming by why why isn't the
wizard I'm great it's a very good
question for maybe because it's a 90
minute commercial all right great
okay yeah okay doable okay all right
here we go we're going oh end for those
of you who don't know what the whiz oh
yeah for those of you don't know what
the wizard is it's a movie about a boy
doing going to a Nintendo competition
going to a no competition he runs away
from home no bridges and Christmas later
or on the road bonding over a Nintendo
to catch up to the little kids yeah
never seen oh really
yeah everything the waves as much as I
like Nintendo I never cared to see him
you should see the Wizard it's pretty
bad yeah it is what it is and a little
kid who is like super good at Nintendo
can't speak or something or it's oh it's
a pretty bad movie don't know if it's oh
rich give us some of paper I want to
know it's here Halloween three earlier
so many Halloween's but specifically
specifically three I missed the name I
was waiting for the full title I think
if they say Halloween three is okay you
gotta been I was gonna draw all the
silver shamrock masks kube Ark 42 oh no
no I'm sorry kubark
oh my god Jack you jerk I am I'm a big
jerks diet a diet dr. awesome got it you
sure there's no one
for him oh my god yes it was diet doctor
awesome die doctor awesome got it first
I'm very sorry Q vark to unsubscribe
oh also how didn't key part get in it
this is supposed to be subscriber only
mod we r doing a lot of switching on in
any case died doctor awesome got it
first die doctor arson gets Halloween 3
season of the yeah great twitch is going
through a transitional period right now
it's user bases growing exponentially
it's it's also dealing with its merger
with Amazon but they're still using
their their servers but its it's the
fastest-growing website there is right
now is that true that's true as far as
the user base is concerned it's it's
getting incredibly popular well as the
solo game live streaming thing gets more
popular so we have to we have to breathe
with its growing pains growing pains
we're back yay
oh we're saving this one you gotta save
the silver shamrock I said have you ever
seen this movie Jack howlloween
following three season of the witch
no maybe no mate I mean I've seen them
all at some point it's nowhere in my
memory okay well it's I I avoided it for
the longest time because I knew Michael
Myers wasn't at it it's a standalone
movie it has absolutely nothing to do
with the other Halloween movies but it's
great as its own weird-ass Halloween
movie Amazon will help twitch is
infrastructure but it just happened yeah
it hasn't happened yet
nobody likes Google+ right well you can
stream you can do like Google Hangouts
right or you can live stream Google you
can live the stream to Google or to you
to see YouTube yeah but which is
something I looked into for the annual
stream Athan yeah but I decided against
it oh I like the layout cuz you stream
is pretty similar to Justin TV which we
used before sure and I like that it's
very simple and straightforward yeah
YouTube's a little funky you know
YouTube is a little funky who the hell
is chard I'm assuming they're they're
confused at my steam username just just
think about it for a little bit why
would you why would you jet J why would
you assume why do you think my name my
username is chard well I know already so
it doesn't matter okay I know I talk
about things and we can we talk about
things the movie
No damn it that's a bad movie
ever Oh hump jay baer the stream the
annual stream sign will not be recorded
but it's not like this where we're
talking and stuff it is just a weird
things playing on the monitor and a chat
so it's a different thing than this it's
not like we're you know riffing on
movies or anything if you can make it
great I'm gonna play some weird stuff I
got some new things lined up this year
it's gonna be good for those who can't
see which is all of you I'm very excited
about the movie I was telling you about
on Wednesday yes I'm very excited to
watch that again and know it's the
stream will not be on Twitch no it'll be
on Ustream well I'll probably within the
next week or so I'll post something on
the website with like a schedule I mean
it's time to make a schedule because
I've been busy as dean yeah but go to if
you follow red glitter media on Twitter
I can only assume you'll tweet when you
stream yeah yeah I'll probably post the
link to the stream beforehand to would
like on the website I'll post like a
rough schedule and save so whenever I
have a chance to make one probably after
Christmas right after Christmas I'll say
somewhere around there okay it's the
first it's yeah January 1st January 1st
it's the hangover stream then I did the
last one yeah okay this is Ryan
Shanna's asking if my fiance calls me
Richard when she's mad at me she she she
gets much more colorful than that her
name is kind of smoked a little bit
unusually so I started calling her by
thick the last part of her first name
just to emphasize how it's spelled
different okay and then shortly shortly
after I almost burned down my
grandmother's house calling me charred
that makes sense alright alright your
turn it's my turn is this way is this
about me or yeah we're still in some
only way over starting again yeah we're
not in sub only at the moment we need to
okay this is a sub only guess Athan what
okay I can do this I can do this okay
who added that one 9fc yours isn't oh
really okay okay you know my okay rich
is looking at chat I have to remember I
know I know this okay ready
Thunder bud says hi rich
hide under but I've been here for a
while something you have to let's just
showed up just want you to say hi back I
said hi
well there you go hi dr. bud what the
hell I had it in my head and I was it
was much better in my head okay
Oh someone got it hey JEP versus the
world's media this is like the cover
this is the cover of meteor man yeah I
find it that I might have just drawn
like a meteor sure and then a guy that
makes sense
I mean streaming
