Episode 450
Starship Helldivers (Part 1)
January 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOyaES81Nnk
___________________________________________

we're an Internet land they're at home
they're probably at all we're an
Internet we're in the sky we're in the
air we're here in Atlanta internet land
we welcome you to Internet land is so
full of candy enjoy and kitten so
because I like it so much I think we got
some Helldivers going on here's here's
the deal I got this set to friends only
Neal Green here was forward-thinking
enough to notice me and Jack go into
online mode and steam and then he
instantly jumped into the game we were
playing so he was thinking ahead yes we
have room for one other person in the
chat you have to also be either me or
Jack's friend on Steam on Steam yes and
you can locate us and join this game
because we are set to friends only so
you see both we are also like I am
playing on my laptop here rich is
playing on his big computer so you can
see we are we're two different people
Harlech and chard yes over here I had a
bunch of crap already unlocked cuz I
even played this a lot since we last
streamed it Jack hasn't gotten around to
it yeah I forgot we can unlock some
stuff for Jack but I still want to use
all of my toys yeah okay yeah Neil Neil
Breen is playing a couple with us which
is great and like i said room for
somebody else who was one of our steam
friends to hop in yep so we'll just wait
for you how would you start oh fuck it
never mind we're gonna start all right
so I go over here yeah choose this one
I'm choosing the map now so you can't be
able to see it you're not gonna see it
this Jack's using the map so way to go
you want a nice easy one to start with
yep all right this is gonna be overkill
and a half well this is really just to
get my bearings back because I have not
been playing rich ask him do you see
that fucking cape I'm wearing no i
devided me and the fucking highest
fucking difficulty to get that goddamn
cape that cape is riddled with bullet
holes when you were logged at the cape
was riddled with bullet holes and I'm
going fuckin easy jack I'm sorry good
okay so don't now here's the thing I've
learned yeah wait doesn't because we're
playing up fucking easy it doesn't
matter don't spawn near the objective
you get swore
instantly before you have a time to call
down your weapons oh okay it's usually
it usually makes sense to pick an
isolated spot on the under map okay I've
just done that
okay confirm all right so now get some
bug killing gear make its let me get my
overkill on let's see here I got the
defender the Libero the defender was
good all right that was like the that
was the like a little submachine gun
when I think like this shot we have we
have someone joined welcome oh yeah
we'll just do that that's great
confirmed what what overkill do I want
to burn I don't know I don't know
that's right Neil brain is gonna give
the enemy democracy and anthrax I almost
spit out my drink I almost spit out my
gravy I am gonna be like I'm looking at
my laptop I can theoretically look at
the TV because we're all on the same map
but there is like a fraction of a second
delay so I might look down at my laptop
okay which I can you know I can do
either but it's it's a little weird
right now I don't know press any button
so I'm excited I like this game
okay call down your weapon oh my god
Trashies a noob that's fine we'll make
do and remember don't call down weapons
on somebody's head we'd like to avoid
that a portable fucking shield
I got a railgun and a machine gun and
and look at this what is that thing I'm
gonna call down something amazing okay
wait for it
all right everybody get in my car what
we've got turrets what's we've got
turrets not turrets
fuck fuck fuck fuck does impress the
chat knows what my mad turrets all right
where we going we gots do you wanna do
you want to collect some science too
while we're at it yeah yeah we need
science right so I just like I can't aim
this can i or Kenny yeah oh my god I can
Jesus Christ rich you have been really
playing this game Oh science good
science somebody jump out and grab
science I'm on it I'm on it I got the
science open up okay fine you weren't
quick on the side that's fine I'm here
I'm just here I'm just here man don't
worry about me I'm just gonna I'm here
living I'm here living life all right
grab more science I got this one
shoot you bugs shoot bugs got bugs
we're playing the bug world this time
it's a kind of love all right get the
car use use the machine guns oh you're
right you're right this car has machine
guns
okay on the side there's the turret the
sides have machine guns right I'm ready
let's make our way to one of these
objectives but this is silly I know it's
great more science more we're right
there
we're gonna upgrade the shit out of
everything don't okay tip for the the
car hold on oh don't get out of the car
while the car is moving wait how do you
call it Oh oh no I got in the car while
the car was moving I called in
reinforcements the mission almost ended
you fuckers all of you what's the
support kid oh that's to reload the
bazooka Oh
we're probably not gonna need an easy
well then I got a backup this car so I
can get my like your everybody is
everybody in it just ran over everybody
okay no no pick up the machine gun I got
to get my machine gun why don't I have a
gave him a gun my gun okay all right all
right now we're now we're ready we're
ready for violence okay great
where's where's my gun nope okay I mean
never mind I'm here everything's fine
we're ready for violence s espanol sorry
Ruben's weed uh no habla espanol donde
esta el sanitary oh where is the
bathroom sit the friends only right
donde esta el is honored and I'm glad we
have a ton of friends he knows he knows
guys
okay are we even gonna see any bugs
uneasy this is this is ridiculous use
your machine guns we can capture while
in the car yes okay yeah this is
ridiculously great well you don't want
the car if the car blows up when you're
all in it though we all thought oh sure
I didn't know if it's gonna die oh when
it's got it should have a helper oh okay
people aren't killing the bugs fast
enough yeah I'm gonna run over the bugs
run over the bugs next objective let's
go this is great this is easy mode well
we clearly it's uneasy yes so well
you've been playing a lot I know yeah
you wanted a warm-up that's
understandable
I'm getting my girl night back I can't
drive this off at all holy fuck
della baby getting it back oh god you
just make a Stella's get nervous dad I
got a hurt back joke that was this
tunnel I got a her back joke I know why
cuz I make good jokes I make super good
jokes all the time defend the thing okay
I'm ready
bugs down sup
Oh bug down south I make super great
jokes there were some people that did
not understand my Johnny got his blaster
reference nobody got your Chinese
blaster reference and well you know what
there was a youtube comment so the you
know the the for people who don't know
they are review of Battlefront and hard
Wes went up today and I made I made a
Johnny got his gun joke and someone was
like I don't understand that Johnny got
his gun joke and it's like because we
were talking about you know Johnny got
his gun as a book about a soldier who is
unable to communicate with the people
around him and in battlefront you're
unable to communicate with the people
around like it's an easy joke it's a
great get a great joke it was a great
joke
I have no bugs I've killed no bugs Thank
You Ruben I thought it was a pretty good
joke yeah it's not very often I get to
make a literary joke and so I was I was
really excited about it and we got to
hang here for 90 more seconds down there
well the thing is busy being defended
in case anything's over here I'll shoot
it
nothing yeah it's fine is there
unlimited ammo in this too no oh well
then never mind oh I see I see the ammo
meter next objective yeah go north
gotta go north
I was asking rich about the episode cuz
you know he rich is not with me when I
edit or anything and you know I we both
agreed we really like them so oh I see
that okay get a science science given
that science we bought I really like the
Oh get the bell around go back up back
up
I can't get the science you hear this I
got the science that's that's Neil Breen
audio did somebody's playing that's
great that's great
well that Neal Breen is playing because
Neil brain is actually saying that how
do you reload oh the right bumper but
that you using the bazooka why use the
bazooka on that tiny bug I have no idea
I don't know how you know why why you
switch your damn weapon that's right I
listen I forget always they don't use
the bazooka on the tiny ball game you're
not gonna use the bazooka all uneasy I
forgetting how to play the game this is
why we're doing this level I know I
understand Jack also here's the tip for
the rocket launcher yeah okay not just
for you but for anybody listening and
want to play Helldivers yeah with that
rocket launcher you get the rocket
launcher and the support kit support kit
has the ammo you want somebody else to
actually grab the support kit to reload
you if you reload yourself it takes like
15 seconds Oh somebody else reload you
it takes like half a damn second all
right
Neal Brennan is gonna walk cuz he's got
to carry that case okay are you just
gonna follow him on foot
yeah okay I'll be abused backup are we
sick of the car
well no no bring the car I'm just back
up where we going we're going follow
that yellow line we're gonna go all the
way south just do salt okay that's right
Neal brain Oh bugs
okay I'm gonna make sure I don't run
over you guys watch out fire Oh fire
hurts pick jack up pick jack up thank
you
fire hurts by the way Adina if you're on
fired remember cover covers the X button
oh yeah
if you start on fire just go into cover
gosh and that puts the fire I was like
stop drop and roll that's really funny
we didn't have to deal with fire last
time
oh my god yep
we can do it we're doing it oh why not
that great someone bring me back almost
out of ammo I'm yes cart thank you
all right everybody head south
South yeah I got that sign cuz I got the
science great that just runs out tanks
starting to run low on armor anyway okay
come on brain we gotta go oh there it is
drop it off here alright delivered the
black box now we go north and a little
bit west okay great
oh I think I just killed you many
apologies hold on what the fire okay
just wait did someone spawn yeah friend
yep I killed him or not he's up in that
corner oh okay
sorry for killing you I shot you with my
no that was on you oh my god well get to
the objective and then we'll spot him
we'll get the we got to move and I'm
over I'm coming I'm coming
if you already had it in your hand just
throw it right into the fire cover coat
okay there throw them right into the
fire
okay okay let's go to the extraction
point
Seanie science shout out and grab
science was the extractor man we're at
the attraction okay great extract that
motherfucker one more time for science
no more time for science oh my god
whether it's sort of equipment or
driving
Oh mo somebody might be dropping turrets
yeah I got true
whoa I'm ready I'm ready I got in the
North covered there's no bugs up here
but I got it covered
don't worry about a thing
area funds
don't let the bugs win we're going here
to the bug homeworld what is that what
does that thing do again the floaty
thing
yeah oh that's somebody's got a scout
that that locates science when it's
upgraded like like we've already called
the show there's science up on that top
right oh yeah yeah it's good it also
Scouts out like nearby patrols nice free
huh I mean if you want you can almost
play this like a stealth game you can
just avoid the patrols entirely nice and
I'm not higher difficulties it's
actually highly highly recommended it's
almost counterintuitive you should play
this you just want to shoot everything
yeah for democracy for democracy that's
why you shoot things
now don't get smooshed everybody you
remember we made that mistake once
nearly flawless victory nearly nearly
well there were some mistakes made I may
or may not have shot someone who was on
my team and I have apologized so lord
Belmont says are you interested in
Rainbow six siege also just curious as
to when you're going to play the 7th
guest it would be awesome if Jay were
also there for that thanks you guys are
awesome thanks Lord Belmont Rainbow six
you know that's that's part of that
genre of multiplayer shooters that I've
never gotten into I I don't actively
dislike it like your Call of Duty's yeah
but I just I've never played a Rainbow
six game I've never really had either
and then anonymous says Jax are picking
a new mission not absolutely no anima
says hello previously recorded live
would you ever consider contacting Jake
Lloyd and asking him to guest star in a
stream asking for a friend I am NOT Jake
Lloyd if Jake Lloyd wants to have
anything to do with red letter media
we'll find something
well we'll fit you into an episode never
ever
absolutely absolutely I and and I'm
officially speaking on behalf of J and
Mike as well yeah we will have Jake
Lloyd well we will do whatever would
Jake like yeah well hem on Vil interview
we have no way of contacting him so if
you are anonymous if you are actually
Jake Lloyd oh so we have a second oh
yeah this is second world of this dog oh
we're not done with this Reuben get in
the pub in the pod get in the pod there
you go thank you get in the pod
okay alright drop zone select like nice
and self Nathan nice and South confirm
we're still uneasy that tank was
overkill that tank was a little overkill
a little overkill it's alright that's
all right rich stratagems
meet John hmm oh I can have a drum oh I
got a drone - I want a drone I'm gonna
get me a drone all right great
let's do this this is a fun game yeah I
love I love this game I really enjoyed
this game I made a I made a tweet for
both of us by the way yeah about game of
the year yeah cuz we just won't get to a
video December is almost yeah almost
over we won't get into a game of your
video I spoke on your behalf as well
that blood-borne was our game yeah yeah
I did make special mention of rocket
League especial especially game of that
you mentioned - rocket League and Mario
maker this is this year and I'm loving
this right and then we found this well
whoa
all right I want I want I want my my
drom great not that that accidently all
right
didn't mean to spawn this somebody wants
to use my mech they can use my back cuz
I don't care nia brains on it I mean I
got a drone working format for us now I
meant to I know it's not supposed to be
good I just wanted to who signs oh oh oh
you're on it okay great I'm on science
alright what do want to go first
left or right how do poke them right
let's do all right I want to go right
and Neil you just keep up with all those
Neil Breen quotes those are great I know
those are quotes are a good imitation I
think he's pulling that from the movie
he didn't does he actually say anything
about tuna in the movie yeah I just did
tuna right out of it can you say that
yeah okay oh yeah I mean how else would
we know he's been eating tuna out of the
game it's clever and I like it however
you know Neil brain this means you are
not allowed to die all night because
Neil brain would never die in a video
game that's true he might ask his
parents whether or not he's dead but he
would not himself die in a game he
wouldn't die any in any and anything he
does all the video games I played
everybody could hack any game modding
source coding all these things are
trivial
far left far left yeah we had two other
things on the other side to do then we
gotta go north then then we crank up
then we crank up the difficulty a little
bit absolutely absolutely
I'm ready we all go we all go crazy
because trashy stole rookie okay so wait
where ever you really check left well
everyone's rookie everyone's working
except for you cuz you're Neal Breen and
you're the best get out here I got I got
your back Neal oh fuck
but who's got mine okay left right yeah
yeah thank you okay whoa all right left
let's move let's move out rock and roll
all night party this is any other
weekend
no on the weekend something we just on
the weekends everybody well everybody
else so everybody's working for the
weekend so it's like yeah oh here
there's one up here what there's the
thing up here there's an objective
let's close to the exit let's go you
wanna go left first yeah okay left first
come on people let's move moving out
because that one's that one's right by
the exit Cheerilee just down and left
down and left unless you see any science
oh I see some science good science good
science Jack get into science got to
science fell into lava I fell into the
lava it was worth it for the science you
fell in the lava for science for science
thank you
for spotting me
all right to the left yep here we go
here we go
oh you got that yeah okay you got that
should be another one maybe a little bit
South air I'm not sure
there it is
part two hold on I owe you that
okay you guys are doing that one already
great everything's great we're winning
we're winning democracy I know this is
supposed to be pretty useless I just
want to cry it out I want to see what it
looks like what is it it's a motorcycle
the sidecar I don't have a gun I just I
just sit here
this is turret you hit a button I am
nothing yeah freedom never sleeps it's
just oh I'm gonna run away yeah it's
just a way to get around fast like what
you can't move too fast cuz you'll lose
our friends I know I'm getting out of
here get me out of here you riding your
motorcycle you do I drove my motorcycle
huh motorcycle
shooting bugs is very satisfying yes it
is
how many meetings do you think the team
who made this hat about whether or not
that gets sued
I think bugs are fairly generic I don't
think they're worried about it too much
yeah but like like along with the low
turret we're not wearing power armor
jabs or just wearing regular army right
all right head north
that's the extraction oh oh yeah it's
like right here don't think I'm they
didn't in the movie it was just a book
so yeah no hey look if Capcom can make a
video game about zombies in a ball and
not consume did do you think they did
take that back
I would absolutely believe they got sued
and you know like with with the the
over-the-top patriotism much like
starship where it's just like you can
you can tell everyone can tell I just
wonder if like the filmmakers are the
people who wrote the book cared I think
that turds taken care mostly hangs for
us
that's that's why you have turrets can
can the chat here kneel Breen's mike is
that is that a thing because I don't
know if you can hear it it's pretty
quiet on our TV but he has actual Neil
brain quotes playing and it's great it
walks among us barely what we barely
hear him - it's not that loud but it's
great
bug
spin spin we will move forward not
backwards upwards not downwards and
spinning forever spinning twirling
forever twirling forever twirling
towards freedom oh yeah did you see a
independent state to the trailer yeah
the first one you were like no I wasn't
I worked
you weren't no I get it that like it's
it's locked or not shocked it's it's a
Smoltz the first movie is pure schmaltz
it's like it's very predictable it's
very easy you know but I say yeah it's
fine I mean it's good jet saying don't
blame me I voted for Koto's look who
picked up on the reference everyone's
picking up on the reference well I mean
I would assume that the people who know
us know them that's great that's great
that's great that's a great stick thanks
for the stick
okay oh I got a rocket launcher now
great alright Jack pick a mission well
now we're gonna pick a harder than
harder mission okay we still want to be
in the bug world obviously let's see
here and we were uneasy before yes I
would even consider going harder than
medium go to challenges are very
challenging challenging I get a tank
very challenging I get O'Neil Breen has
abandoned the mission alright so we knew
we could have a new player join if you
would like to join you are a friend of
ours find us and join in what is a rail
cannon turret yeah no cannon turret or
the we'll go for the car how about the
car okay challenging challenge okay
we'll see if anyone feels like joining
in
all right Reuben let's move out I'm not
sure if the giant bug start showing up
yet challenging okay so I don't know if
I need a rocket launcher just yet okay
let's see and then we'll go where's the
extraction point
they said like we'll start over here
then we'll go this one this one all the
way around this one and then yeah you
you okay that's you know I'm just saying
the plan man I am saying okay I plan
plan acknowledge plan acknowledge land
under understood Oh bother welcome
welcome Oh bother
got my science I got my laser I got that
I got okay great everything's great
I'm a shotgun specialist I'll just take
a regular turret let's take a turret we
are playing this on Steam we both have
it on Steam stay and I don't know if
there's any cross play between ps4 I'm
not sure probably not
in other words rocket right I guess
there might be then I don't you know I
don't know I would hope that there is
because the mob viously you need other
people to play this game so how have you
been liking that I know like you are
generally speaking not a fan of online
multiplayer games oh how am I looking
which I'm loving this the problem is
it's gonna vanish sooner or later once
everybody moves on right but you add
like how have you been enjoying the the
its community aspect um it can be
frustrating at times because there are a
lot of idiots and there are occasionally
not all the time there occasionally
assholes who are just belligerent to
other people on the team that's too bad
you know how that is that's too bad
that's the problem shit what I didn't
bring the snow boots I didn't realize
this is a snow level Wow
we should have brought a car okay yeah
well okay we have to go to the right I
have my sciency finder going it's no bad
snow bad we gotta be careful about then
the patrols there's a patrol on
underneath us I thank him oh yeah okay I
see yeah you see in your map too
okay it's right here it's right here
follow my lead
use the hub okay it's fine through there
yeah kill the little bugs before they
call in bigger bug oh they call them
bigger bugs they call Oh big eases and
Oh Bobby you stood right in front of my
machine gun I got the rail gun which
does it's upgraded so it does stun the
larger enemies which is helpful for this
oh but never have the right everybody
run oh shit no no no no no our new got
destroyed we had to drop a new nuke God
poorly equipped for this submission well
I'm sorry
because we are seeing the bigger bugs on
this difficulty oh my god Oh bother you
just you flamethrower me man
lift me up Jesus Oh bother
he killed me fall back fall back
alright shoot them in the orange spot
but I mean is when his guard is down
obviously I'll cover you just shoot him
in the orange pot no time for spinning
Ruben hey are you thank you okay I'm
ready
oh fuck Oh bother fell on me Oh bother
I hold on I got you
got it okay okay
Jesus prays that bug is actually an
objective we need to kill that thing
okay this pies got the target thing oh
great okay so now where's this nuke
thing up north
now here's we here's the thing we're
gonna have to kill those tiny Patrol
Scout bugs before they send it for the
bigger bugs okay it's the only way we're
gonna do this we don't have any kind of
tank okay actually I do have
all right : for the nuke okay and then
I'm gonna drop some rocket launchers one
of those big ones pop-up I just dropped
two single-use rocket launchers okay
let's do this
and then once that new comes we're all
gonna have to I'm gonna start running
south start running south I'm gonna set
this thing off once you've got a good
distance away
don't worry another rocket launcher good
south south south going oh shit I'm
doomed
that's okay oh wait did that go off go
back up good way back up there was a
problem we had a weapon malfunction
great all right that that fucking bug
destroyed the nuke before the nuke went
off bro this is nightmarish this isn't
do you know what what we're gonna rock
do you rocket launcher these orange
times if you grab a rocket launcher will
that work
oh do a trashy shoot it shoot it see
what happens yes all right where's the
other one we had to write did somebody
else grab a rocket launcher yeah I did
all right switch to the rocket launcher
and shoot well not okay fell on me okay
somebody's gonna spawn me or just you
know what activate the nuke and run away
okay run south runs out
keep running south oh my god oh my god
oh dear Lord my mind got in Himmel
oh I I spawned you that's all that
matters
what's this I was too close somebody
drop a flamethrower doesn't matter
doesn't matter everything's fine all
right let's do this where we going
all right we're going us open to the
right all right up into the right let's
roll I'll cover your back head it up up
do do so you've been finding some jerks
online
yeah well blame is not enough that many
nevermind you know like overall though
like obviously worth it cuz you like the
game yeah I'm still playing it okay
activate oil extraction over here if
it's one if it's one thing democracy
needs its oil oil and democracy go
together hi guys
all right here okay here we gowe're an Internet land they're at home
they're probably at all we're an
Internet we're in the sky we're in the
air we're here in Atlanta internet land
we welcome you to Internet land is so
full of candy enjoy and kitten so
because I like it so much I think we got
some Helldivers going on here's here's
the deal I got this set to friends only
Neal Green here was forward-thinking
enough to notice me and Jack go into
online mode and steam and then he
instantly jumped into the game we were
playing so he was thinking ahead yes we
have room for one other person in the
chat you have to also be either me or
Jack's friend on Steam on Steam yes and
you can locate us and join this game
because we are set to friends only so
you see both we are also like I am
playing on my laptop here rich is
playing on his big computer so you can
see we are we're two different people
Harlech and chard yes over here I had a
bunch of crap already unlocked cuz I
even played this a lot since we last
streamed it Jack hasn't gotten around to
it yeah I forgot we can unlock some
stuff for Jack but I still want to use
all of my toys yeah okay yeah Neil Neil
Breen is playing a couple with us which
is great and like i said room for
somebody else who was one of our steam
friends to hop in yep so we'll just wait
for you how would you start oh fuck it
never mind we're gonna start all right
so I go over here yeah choose this one
I'm choosing the map now so you can't be
able to see it you're not gonna see it
this Jack's using the map so way to go
you want a nice easy one to start with
yep all right this is gonna be overkill
and a half well this is really just to
get my bearings back because I have not
been playing rich ask him do you see
that fucking cape I'm wearing no i
devided me and the fucking highest
fucking difficulty to get that goddamn
cape that cape is riddled with bullet
holes when you were logged at the cape
was riddled with bullet holes and I'm
going fuckin easy jack I'm sorry good
okay so don't now here's the thing I've
learned yeah wait doesn't because we're
playing up fucking easy it doesn't
matter don't spawn near the objective
you get swore
instantly before you have a time to call
down your weapons oh okay it's usually
it usually makes sense to pick an
isolated spot on the under map okay I've
just done that
okay confirm all right so now get some
bug killing gear make its let me get my
overkill on let's see here I got the
defender the Libero the defender was
good all right that was like the that
was the like a little submachine gun
when I think like this shot we have we
have someone joined welcome oh yeah
we'll just do that that's great
confirmed what what overkill do I want
to burn I don't know I don't know
that's right Neil brain is gonna give
the enemy democracy and anthrax I almost
spit out my drink I almost spit out my
gravy I am gonna be like I'm looking at
my laptop I can theoretically look at
the TV because we're all on the same map
but there is like a fraction of a second
delay so I might look down at my laptop
okay which I can you know I can do
either but it's it's a little weird
right now I don't know press any button
so I'm excited I like this game
okay call down your weapon oh my god
Trashies a noob that's fine we'll make
do and remember don't call down weapons
on somebody's head we'd like to avoid
that a portable fucking shield
I got a railgun and a machine gun and
and look at this what is that thing I'm
gonna call down something amazing okay
wait for it
all right everybody get in my car what
we've got turrets what's we've got
turrets not turrets
fuck fuck fuck fuck does impress the
chat knows what my mad turrets all right
where we going we gots do you wanna do
you want to collect some science too
while we're at it yeah yeah we need
science right so I just like I can't aim
this can i or Kenny yeah oh my god I can
Jesus Christ rich you have been really
playing this game Oh science good
science somebody jump out and grab
science I'm on it I'm on it I got the
science open up okay fine you weren't
quick on the side that's fine I'm here
I'm just here I'm just here man don't
worry about me I'm just gonna I'm here
living I'm here living life all right
grab more science I got this one
shoot you bugs shoot bugs got bugs
we're playing the bug world this time
it's a kind of love all right get the
car use use the machine guns oh you're
right you're right this car has machine
guns
okay on the side there's the turret the
sides have machine guns right I'm ready
let's make our way to one of these
objectives but this is silly I know it's
great more science more we're right
there
we're gonna upgrade the shit out of
everything don't okay tip for the the
car hold on oh don't get out of the car
while the car is moving wait how do you
call it Oh oh no I got in the car while
the car was moving I called in
reinforcements the mission almost ended
you fuckers all of you what's the
support kid oh that's to reload the
bazooka Oh
we're probably not gonna need an easy
well then I got a backup this car so I
can get my like your everybody is
everybody in it just ran over everybody
okay no no pick up the machine gun I got
to get my machine gun why don't I have a
gave him a gun my gun okay all right all
right now we're now we're ready we're
ready for violence okay great
where's where's my gun nope okay I mean
never mind I'm here everything's fine
we're ready for violence s espanol sorry
Ruben's weed uh no habla espanol donde
esta el sanitary oh where is the
bathroom sit the friends only right
donde esta el is honored and I'm glad we
have a ton of friends he knows he knows
guys
okay are we even gonna see any bugs
uneasy this is this is ridiculous use
your machine guns we can capture while
in the car yes okay yeah this is
ridiculously great well you don't want
the car if the car blows up when you're
all in it though we all thought oh sure
I didn't know if it's gonna die oh when
it's got it should have a helper oh okay
people aren't killing the bugs fast
enough yeah I'm gonna run over the bugs
run over the bugs next objective let's
go this is great this is easy mode well
we clearly it's uneasy yes so well
you've been playing a lot I know yeah
you wanted a warm-up that's
understandable
I'm getting my girl night back I can't
drive this off at all holy fuck
della baby getting it back oh god you
just make a Stella's get nervous dad I
got a hurt back joke that was this
tunnel I got a her back joke I know why
cuz I make good jokes I make super good
jokes all the time defend the thing okay
I'm ready
bugs down sup
Oh bug down south I make super great
jokes there were some people that did
not understand my Johnny got his blaster
reference nobody got your Chinese
blaster reference and well you know what
there was a youtube comment so the you
know the the for people who don't know
they are review of Battlefront and hard
Wes went up today and I made I made a
Johnny got his gun joke and someone was
like I don't understand that Johnny got
his gun joke and it's like because we
were talking about you know Johnny got
his gun as a book about a soldier who is
unable to communicate with the people
around him and in battlefront you're
unable to communicate with the people
around like it's an easy joke it's a
great get a great joke it was a great
joke
I have no bugs I've killed no bugs Thank
You Ruben I thought it was a pretty good
joke yeah it's not very often I get to
make a literary joke and so I was I was
really excited about it and we got to
hang here for 90 more seconds down there
well the thing is busy being defended
in case anything's over here I'll shoot
it
nothing yeah it's fine is there
unlimited ammo in this too no oh well
then never mind oh I see I see the ammo
meter next objective yeah go north
gotta go north
I was asking rich about the episode cuz
you know he rich is not with me when I
edit or anything and you know I we both
agreed we really like them so oh I see
that okay get a science science given
that science we bought I really like the
Oh get the bell around go back up back
up
I can't get the science you hear this I
got the science that's that's Neil Breen
audio did somebody's playing that's
great that's great
well that Neal Breen is playing because
Neil brain is actually saying that how
do you reload oh the right bumper but
that you using the bazooka why use the
bazooka on that tiny bug I have no idea
I don't know how you know why why you
switch your damn weapon that's right I
listen I forget always they don't use
the bazooka on the tiny ball game you're
not gonna use the bazooka all uneasy I
forgetting how to play the game this is
why we're doing this level I know I
understand Jack also here's the tip for
the rocket launcher yeah okay not just
for you but for anybody listening and
want to play Helldivers yeah with that
rocket launcher you get the rocket
launcher and the support kit support kit
has the ammo you want somebody else to
actually grab the support kit to reload
you if you reload yourself it takes like
15 seconds Oh somebody else reload you
it takes like half a damn second all
right
Neal Brennan is gonna walk cuz he's got
to carry that case okay are you just
gonna follow him on foot
yeah okay I'll be abused backup are we
sick of the car
well no no bring the car I'm just back
up where we going we're going follow
that yellow line we're gonna go all the
way south just do salt okay that's right
Neal brain Oh bugs
okay I'm gonna make sure I don't run
over you guys watch out fire Oh fire
hurts pick jack up pick jack up thank
you
fire hurts by the way Adina if you're on
fired remember cover covers the X button
oh yeah
if you start on fire just go into cover
gosh and that puts the fire I was like
stop drop and roll that's really funny
we didn't have to deal with fire last
time
oh my god yep
we can do it we're doing it oh why not
that great someone bring me back almost
out of ammo I'm yes cart thank you
all right everybody head south
South yeah I got that sign cuz I got the
science great that just runs out tanks
starting to run low on armor anyway okay
come on brain we gotta go oh there it is
drop it off here alright delivered the
black box now we go north and a little
bit west okay great
oh I think I just killed you many
apologies hold on what the fire okay
just wait did someone spawn yeah friend
yep I killed him or not he's up in that
corner oh okay
sorry for killing you I shot you with my
no that was on you oh my god well get to
the objective and then we'll spot him
we'll get the we got to move and I'm
over I'm coming I'm coming
if you already had it in your hand just
throw it right into the fire cover coat
okay there throw them right into the
fire
okay okay let's go to the extraction
point
Seanie science shout out and grab
science was the extractor man we're at
the attraction okay great extract that
motherfucker one more time for science
no more time for science oh my god
whether it's sort of equipment or
driving
Oh mo somebody might be dropping turrets
yeah I got true
whoa I'm ready I'm ready I got in the
North covered there's no bugs up here
but I got it covered
don't worry about a thing
area funds
don't let the bugs win we're going here
to the bug homeworld what is that what
does that thing do again the floaty
thing
yeah oh that's somebody's got a scout
that that locates science when it's
upgraded like like we've already called
the show there's science up on that top
right oh yeah yeah it's good it also
Scouts out like nearby patrols nice free
huh I mean if you want you can almost
play this like a stealth game you can
just avoid the patrols entirely nice and
I'm not higher difficulties it's
actually highly highly recommended it's
almost counterintuitive you should play
this you just want to shoot everything
yeah for democracy for democracy that's
why you shoot things
now don't get smooshed everybody you
remember we made that mistake once
nearly flawless victory nearly nearly
well there were some mistakes made I may
or may not have shot someone who was on
my team and I have apologized so lord
Belmont says are you interested in
Rainbow six siege also just curious as
to when you're going to play the 7th
guest it would be awesome if Jay were
also there for that thanks you guys are
awesome thanks Lord Belmont Rainbow six
you know that's that's part of that
genre of multiplayer shooters that I've
never gotten into I I don't actively
dislike it like your Call of Duty's yeah
but I just I've never played a Rainbow
six game I've never really had either
and then anonymous says Jax are picking
a new mission not absolutely no anima
says hello previously recorded live
would you ever consider contacting Jake
Lloyd and asking him to guest star in a
stream asking for a friend I am NOT Jake
Lloyd if Jake Lloyd wants to have
anything to do with red letter media
we'll find something
well we'll fit you into an episode never
ever
absolutely absolutely I and and I'm
officially speaking on behalf of J and
Mike as well yeah we will have Jake
Lloyd well we will do whatever would
Jake like yeah well hem on Vil interview
we have no way of contacting him so if
you are anonymous if you are actually
Jake Lloyd oh so we have a second oh
yeah this is second world of this dog oh
we're not done with this Reuben get in
the pub in the pod get in the pod there
you go thank you get in the pod
okay alright drop zone select like nice
and self Nathan nice and South confirm
we're still uneasy that tank was
overkill that tank was a little overkill
a little overkill it's alright that's
all right rich stratagems
meet John hmm oh I can have a drum oh I
got a drone - I want a drone I'm gonna
get me a drone all right great
let's do this this is a fun game yeah I
love I love this game I really enjoyed
this game I made a I made a tweet for
both of us by the way yeah about game of
the year yeah cuz we just won't get to a
video December is almost yeah almost
over we won't get into a game of your
video I spoke on your behalf as well
that blood-borne was our game yeah yeah
I did make special mention of rocket
League especial especially game of that
you mentioned - rocket League and Mario
maker this is this year and I'm loving
this right and then we found this well
whoa
all right I want I want I want my my
drom great not that that accidently all
right
didn't mean to spawn this somebody wants
to use my mech they can use my back cuz
I don't care nia brains on it I mean I
got a drone working format for us now I
meant to I know it's not supposed to be
good I just wanted to who signs oh oh oh
you're on it okay great I'm on science
alright what do want to go first
left or right how do poke them right
let's do all right I want to go right
and Neil you just keep up with all those
Neil Breen quotes those are great I know
those are quotes are a good imitation I
think he's pulling that from the movie
he didn't does he actually say anything
about tuna in the movie yeah I just did
tuna right out of it can you say that
yeah okay oh yeah I mean how else would
we know he's been eating tuna out of the
game it's clever and I like it however
you know Neil brain this means you are
not allowed to die all night because
Neil brain would never die in a video
game that's true he might ask his
parents whether or not he's dead but he
would not himself die in a game he
wouldn't die any in any and anything he
does all the video games I played
everybody could hack any game modding
source coding all these things are
trivial
far left far left yeah we had two other
things on the other side to do then we
gotta go north then then we crank up
then we crank up the difficulty a little
bit absolutely absolutely
I'm ready we all go we all go crazy
because trashy stole rookie okay so wait
where ever you really check left well
everyone's rookie everyone's working
except for you cuz you're Neal Breen and
you're the best get out here I got I got
your back Neal oh fuck
but who's got mine okay left right yeah
yeah thank you okay whoa all right left
let's move let's move out rock and roll
all night party this is any other
weekend
no on the weekend something we just on
the weekends everybody well everybody
else so everybody's working for the
weekend so it's like yeah oh here
there's one up here what there's the
thing up here there's an objective
let's close to the exit let's go you
wanna go left first yeah okay left first
come on people let's move moving out
because that one's that one's right by
the exit Cheerilee just down and left
down and left unless you see any science
oh I see some science good science good
science Jack get into science got to
science fell into lava I fell into the
lava it was worth it for the science you
fell in the lava for science for science
thank you
for spotting me
all right to the left yep here we go
here we go
oh you got that yeah okay you got that
should be another one maybe a little bit
South air I'm not sure
there it is
part two hold on I owe you that
okay you guys are doing that one already
great everything's great we're winning
we're winning democracy I know this is
supposed to be pretty useless I just
want to cry it out I want to see what it
looks like what is it it's a motorcycle
the sidecar I don't have a gun I just I
just sit here
this is turret you hit a button I am
nothing yeah freedom never sleeps it's
just oh I'm gonna run away yeah it's
just a way to get around fast like what
you can't move too fast cuz you'll lose
our friends I know I'm getting out of
here get me out of here you riding your
motorcycle you do I drove my motorcycle
huh motorcycle
shooting bugs is very satisfying yes it
is
how many meetings do you think the team
who made this hat about whether or not
that gets sued
I think bugs are fairly generic I don't
think they're worried about it too much
yeah but like like along with the low
turret we're not wearing power armor
jabs or just wearing regular army right
all right head north
that's the extraction oh oh yeah it's
like right here don't think I'm they
didn't in the movie it was just a book
so yeah no hey look if Capcom can make a
video game about zombies in a ball and
not consume did do you think they did
take that back
I would absolutely believe they got sued
and you know like with with the the
over-the-top patriotism much like
starship where it's just like you can
you can tell everyone can tell I just
wonder if like the filmmakers are the
people who wrote the book cared I think
that turds taken care mostly hangs for
us
that's that's why you have turrets can
can the chat here kneel Breen's mike is
that is that a thing because I don't
know if you can hear it it's pretty
quiet on our TV but he has actual Neil
brain quotes playing and it's great it
walks among us barely what we barely
hear him - it's not that loud but it's
great
bug
spin spin we will move forward not
backwards upwards not downwards and
spinning forever spinning twirling
forever twirling forever twirling
towards freedom oh yeah did you see a
independent state to the trailer yeah
the first one you were like no I wasn't
I worked
you weren't no I get it that like it's
it's locked or not shocked it's it's a
Smoltz the first movie is pure schmaltz
it's like it's very predictable it's
very easy you know but I say yeah it's
fine I mean it's good jet saying don't
blame me I voted for Koto's look who
picked up on the reference everyone's
picking up on the reference well I mean
I would assume that the people who know
us know them that's great that's great
that's great that's a great stick thanks
for the stick
okay oh I got a rocket launcher now
great alright Jack pick a mission well
now we're gonna pick a harder than
harder mission okay we still want to be
in the bug world obviously let's see
here and we were uneasy before yes I
would even consider going harder than
medium go to challenges are very
challenging challenging I get a tank
very challenging I get O'Neil Breen has
abandoned the mission alright so we knew
we could have a new player join if you
would like to join you are a friend of
ours find us and join in what is a rail
cannon turret yeah no cannon turret or
the we'll go for the car how about the
car okay challenging challenge okay
we'll see if anyone feels like joining
in
all right Reuben let's move out I'm not
sure if the giant bug start showing up
yet challenging okay so I don't know if
I need a rocket launcher just yet okay
let's see and then we'll go where's the
extraction point
they said like we'll start over here
then we'll go this one this one all the
way around this one and then yeah you
you okay that's you know I'm just saying
the plan man I am saying okay I plan
plan acknowledge plan acknowledge land
under understood Oh bother welcome
welcome Oh bother
got my science I got my laser I got that
I got okay great everything's great
I'm a shotgun specialist I'll just take
a regular turret let's take a turret we
are playing this on Steam we both have
it on Steam stay and I don't know if
there's any cross play between ps4 I'm
not sure probably not
in other words rocket right I guess
there might be then I don't you know I
don't know I would hope that there is
because the mob viously you need other
people to play this game so how have you
been liking that I know like you are
generally speaking not a fan of online
multiplayer games oh how am I looking
which I'm loving this the problem is
it's gonna vanish sooner or later once
everybody moves on right but you add
like how have you been enjoying the the
its community aspect um it can be
frustrating at times because there are a
lot of idiots and there are occasionally
not all the time there occasionally
assholes who are just belligerent to
other people on the team that's too bad
you know how that is that's too bad
that's the problem shit what I didn't
bring the snow boots I didn't realize
this is a snow level Wow
we should have brought a car okay yeah
well okay we have to go to the right I
have my sciency finder going it's no bad
snow bad we gotta be careful about then
the patrols there's a patrol on
underneath us I thank him oh yeah okay I
see yeah you see in your map too
okay it's right here it's right here
follow my lead
use the hub okay it's fine through there
yeah kill the little bugs before they
call in bigger bug oh they call them
bigger bugs they call Oh big eases and
Oh Bobby you stood right in front of my
machine gun I got the rail gun which
does it's upgraded so it does stun the
larger enemies which is helpful for this
oh but never have the right everybody
run oh shit no no no no no our new got
destroyed we had to drop a new nuke God
poorly equipped for this submission well
I'm sorry
because we are seeing the bigger bugs on
this difficulty oh my god Oh bother you
just you flamethrower me man
lift me up Jesus Oh bother
he killed me fall back fall back
alright shoot them in the orange spot
but I mean is when his guard is down
obviously I'll cover you just shoot him
in the orange pot no time for spinning
Ruben hey are you thank you okay I'm
ready
oh fuck Oh bother fell on me Oh bother
I hold on I got you
got it okay okay
Jesus prays that bug is actually an
objective we need to kill that thing
okay this pies got the target thing oh
great okay so now where's this nuke
thing up north
now here's we here's the thing we're
gonna have to kill those tiny Patrol
Scout bugs before they send it for the
bigger bugs okay it's the only way we're
gonna do this we don't have any kind of
tank okay actually I do have
all right : for the nuke okay and then
I'm gonna drop some rocket launchers one
of those big ones pop-up I just dropped
two single-use rocket launchers okay
let's do this
and then once that new comes we're all
gonna have to I'm gonna start running
south start running south I'm gonna set
this thing off once you've got a good
distance away
don't worry another rocket launcher good
south south south going oh shit I'm
doomed
that's okay oh wait did that go off go
back up good way back up there was a
problem we had a weapon malfunction
great all right that that fucking bug
destroyed the nuke before the nuke went
off bro this is nightmarish this isn't
do you know what what we're gonna rock
do you rocket launcher these orange
times if you grab a rocket launcher will
that work
oh do a trashy shoot it shoot it see
what happens yes all right where's the
other one we had to write did somebody
else grab a rocket launcher yeah I did
all right switch to the rocket launcher
and shoot well not okay fell on me okay
somebody's gonna spawn me or just you
know what activate the nuke and run away
okay run south runs out
keep running south oh my god oh my god
oh dear Lord my mind got in Himmel
oh I I spawned you that's all that
matters
what's this I was too close somebody
drop a flamethrower doesn't matter
doesn't matter everything's fine all
right let's do this where we going
all right we're going us open to the
right all right up into the right let's
roll I'll cover your back head it up up
do do so you've been finding some jerks
online
yeah well blame is not enough that many
nevermind you know like overall though
like obviously worth it cuz you like the
game yeah I'm still playing it okay
activate oil extraction over here if
it's one if it's one thing democracy
needs its oil oil and democracy go
together hi guys
all right here okay here we go
disengage stand back Oh
okay great
I'm dead on it
okay get in there we're getting there
wait we're not there yet
okay
fuck
we're gonna do it we're gonna be fun
we're mine everything's fine okay great
right South South now motherfuckers
almost fucking snow it makes it fun I
mean you know makes it challenging
oh shit that sounded bad that's alright
that's alright keep starting up just
keep moving keep moving south move south
come on guys let's go let's go let's go
dude you did you didn't intend to dinner
okay yeah I'm using the the sprinting
perk which is just absolutely fucking
worthless in the snow almost there
almost there
okay to the left to the left there it is
there it is come on
okay there should be another pylon
somewhere I'll save that for the ladies
oh shit
bugs on me oh you fuck you killed me you
fuck someone help a brother out wait
wait
thank you oh my god big guy
alright his ass is vulnerable somebody
can get around and shoot him in the ass
well I'm stunning him that would work
okay great now head up to the other
pylon we get this one not yet
so he's good
all right
easy
everything's easy this is great I get on
there Oh bother you've got this man
you've got this and we got your back get
out of that rich it's gonna drop right
now using my white what is dropping no
ammo
okay all right Jack where's the next
thing we go where's the next place we
gotta go straight to the left the
extraction Oh God
big guy oh that's that didn't oh god oh
how much science do I have what I'm
gonna upgrade jetpacks oh shit and then
I'm gonna bring jetpacks two people can
use jetpacks
and then you can jump in the snow then
I'm gonna use I have a perk that lets me
run in snow nice so we're gonna change
your strategy you should attempt to
Helldivers no death-room
I do try that on individual plants
obviously you know I get a little
fucking game that way all right yeah
yeah or just bring the tank
I can run with you fine let's let's
strategize the hell out of its strategy
nobody hit ready yet but Jack you
getting a potty what to strategize while
we're looking at our weapons oh okay
that's probably the smart thing sure
sorry I was spinning I was spinning in
the air I'm an asshole I was spinning I
apologize for being I was spinning
asshole and it was very important to me
that I spent all right
okay oh you know what let G back out
look we back out oh my god back out I
gonna I'm gonna invest in jetpacks with
my science if I have enough cuz if I
have enough I can upgrade it so that I
dropped two jetpacks at a time so I can
arm to people with jetpacks oh I need
one more science I don't have enough to
do that but I will bring a jetpack so
somebody can use it okay so somebody
could be mobile then I'll have my
running and snow poke okay and then mix
will use mechs mechs okay I'll bring one
Mac a jump pack a tank I think well I
think we'll be good right
trash
a whole mechanized division yes okay all
right
so Jack bring of the rocket launcher
okay that you just earned I'll grab the
support pack okay I'll reload your
rocket launcher quickly when the big
bugs show up okay cool
I'm with you there's a robot suit mm-hmm
I'm grabbing I'll grab to robot suits
for people somebody else is gonna need
to bring ammo then I have ammo all right
jump pack and what am I forgetting
I don't I'm just thinking just thinking
how do I don't I don't know what's going
on okay we have too many people bringing
or eject that beacon you're bringing
that to other people have you only need
one okay sure so get ready yours we're
gonna switch that with someone else okay
let's uh well you got what do you got
jack yeah strafing run I got uh the
turret I could bring a turret yeah bring
a truck okay I'll bring break a turret
right then a turret a super bomb a
rocket launcher and ammo let's rock and
roll
all-night party on the weekends oh I
forgot okay I didn't forget the tank
well I got too much we'll be we'll be
fine we'll make it work I did forget I
did forget to bring my tank car that's
all right that's all right that's what I
knew us forgetting something I couldn't
remember what it was well Bo Bonner will
see the tank again will do next time
we'll do it next mission it'll be fine
it'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all the time find all the time just as
one time just this one time it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine great yeah
yeah they're trusting me with something
called the super bomb okay get all get
all your shit out no 20 is not the max
I've heard fifty years
all right now that's two jetpacks I'm
dropping those for other people
okay but I did forget to change my perk
to the walking snow but that's okay
that's okay
I keep fucking up left and right jack I
keep fucking up okay you you want that
jet pack
No so do is grab the jet pack I can deal
with not bein mobile you drop the rocket
launcher Jack so we can start using you
know what I'm gonna warm up
alright alright hold on we gotta get a
jet wrap a rocket launcher I'll grab the
trash you can you can you have the jump
back alright get out of there Oh bother
here's the jet pack huh you got the jump
pack do I hit hit X what happens yeah
all right
Oh bother you can get in the mech and
then I got you got the rocket launcher
right me
oh I grabbed the rocket launch put aside
idiot all right fucking up left him
right here I hate it I'm mad at myself
no I am I just fucked up way to go yeah
okay well let's move on we got it we got
objectives to complete I feel so stupid
number your zit Rick you're supposed to
be the one that leads us I know very
experienced party here and I fucked it
up yeah I dropped the ball
you did you did but that's okay
sometimes we you know what do we do when
we fall rich pick ourselves back it's
not my punishment yes all right trashy
get out of the way or I'm gonna shoot
you with my bazooka and we don't want
that all right loading
all right one down I died I died
I died too the big thing
someone make me alive wait we gonna shut
off those you know
all right you know what I am going to
deliver it die here you're gonna die yes
you gonna grab the rocket launcher and I
will take the D ammo and then we'll do
this efficiently okay
Oh father can you step on me I need the
diaper just keep stepping on me
all right Jack grab the rocket launcher
okay
but not the support involving thought
I'd know I'll grab this poor kid but I
do need to be alive to do that so we
need to make me alive oh sure come on
I am alive enriched
all right okay don't don't you grab it
I'm not grabbing the support kit all
right are you loaded no okay you're
loaded now so fast that was the great
that was great
all right I now have not rocket launcher
thing all right we're gonna shoot at
that hive down there
what hive it that thing that hold okay
ready that's a bug hole did it now
you're reloaded now we go to the next
objective okay let's do this there's one
more hive over here yeah yeah okay
and you can you know to switch weapons
and we're not using the right app damn
it
summit all right hold on
what the bazooka I died bazooka
situation all right we have a me dead
situation thank you
grab the Mizzou gun let's go grabbing
got it okay
where we going all right Oh Bobby you
didn't need to step on me that time ah
science where we going up up there's one
more hive right here okay see I'm on it
wait wait don't shoot me we're gonna get
out of the front way don't be too close
to the shooter you'll blow up sure
already yep
all right there we go know where you
wanted North yeah we gotta go Norfolk
okay
head north do you have a sport pack
oh yeah thank you okay
north oh yeah we got to get those oil
thingies over here north and to the
right let's move let's move let's move
madness that is great
great
shit Jackie either rocket launcher you
gotta kill a big bug wherever the heli
is I'm working on it I'm working on just
getting up okay big bug where is he
nope nope nope nope nope nope shit shit
shit
nope nope nope
Wow two challenging for us right no no
we're trying to go is not too
challenging it's it's it's it's a
challenging oh wait wait we're not dead
oh my god
somebody got a reinforce off in time oh
my god I but I wasn't paying attention
so I died again okay sorry everybody
I took my eyes off the prize all right
now I'm gonna get less dumb okay do we
did we finish that mission no we still
need to finish this mission let's get in
there
head back to head back to the mission
head back to the mission okay I'm
heading back
I've got the support kit okay grabber
Simmons animal because I kind of need it
right out
okay
Jackie all more sequence ago I can't see
it
got it
bottom-1 oh fuck sorry tentacles oh my
god Oh bother it's all up to you now I
fucking hate the snow so much jack do it
Oh bother do it get us out of there come
on boy you're up there grab the science
you know if you got time if you got time
get that science shoot those tentacles
okay come on we still have we have a
mission okay back in it
let's go we still got shit to do down
here got the rocket launcher
I have the lower pylon
okay one
good yep
great keep it up guys keep it up
Oh God up here shit
great South are we all here
no hold on
she says shit
oh oh I felt oh no I fell off a cliff
no nothing that's a cliff Oh bother
it's all up to you again oh yeah it's
like plug it in allah fucked up what
testing testing that's good alright
alright yeah we need to do my cable i
think yeah stun grenades
rich can you play solo I can't hear you
Mike joke
that's a mic joke working out great
thank you we do now we'll still go you
can get window window well what other is
in next mission okay
sorry you're gonna bring your car good
thing I'm gonna bring my car this time
yes fuck use use is a stunt well the
stun grenade like the the stun grenade
is is useful for like that big monster I
could stun it and then we could you know
we can shoot it while it's stunned I
think a stun grenade is could be useful
ooh heavy armor don't get that no that
slows you down okay which we don't want
right now sure this is what I fuckin
want because I'm an idiot for not taking
that oh fuck me for being so goddamn
stupid I'm very sorry
how do you use stun grenades I've never
used them because they sound terrible
I'm gonna give it a try they sound
absolutely moronic Laser laser aim
module it is oh how do you throw
grenades again I just just left trigger
left oh okay
how awkward what this terminates alright
technically I'm still playing
blood-borne but I'm Lee switched between
blood-borne and hell drivers last couple
days I've been either busy with red
letter media stuff for game too busy to
run around or playing this mmm so I
haven't really played blood-borne much
since the last stream but it's still on
my mind I'm definitely meant like I
might even pick that up tonight we're
getting in the tank also I couldn't
upgrade the jetpack alright alright who
wants to it here someone grabbed that
support kit I'll grab the support kit
okay someone's already on the turret
that turret will blow up the big bugs so
save the red turret for the giant bugs
that show up don't use it on any of
these smaller guys like you just did
like that right there you're gonna do
waste that was a horrible waste you're
wasting our valuable mo that we need for
the giant bugs then smash us like II did
it again all right all right trashy
you're off turret duty bring me back
alive and Jack you can drive okay well
maybe it'll bother knows what he's doing
all right all right let's move it let's
move it out wait stop stop
oh okay I'll just follow you one foot
all right
all right no Dex that's the guy you want
to use that cannon on yeah I can't fit
through there am I going
okay here's the here's the hole all
right Oh Bob use that big turret on
those holes open oppa didn't work didn't
work okay that's not working all right
I'm gonna use them no that did work your
mind shoot the other one that's working
uh-huh
now shoot the big bug all right north
north let's rock and roll
get over here rich Lima poison Oh guess
we done all right all right North North
this is great this is way easier yeah I
know I should have brought that tank in
the first place Wow
wait why wouldn't I do that I mean this
take is super useful it's yeah it seems
like really dumb oh you didn't bring it
all right all right somebody get out I'm
on it whoa whoa yeah yeah cover with the
machine gun from the car
I got you thank you
someone's got me rich got it
thank you behind you I'm not available
get up poison
just get it get it get it get it imma
kid I'm gonna get enough
fuck
all right okay got one
did did nope that okay
whoa
okay got it
alright everybody back in the car back
in the car no we'll get you back okay
well we'll get you later that's the
smart thing to do yes no you're right
you're right we leave behind it put the
lice bazooka
I should probably grab the bazooka
I left a bit suka you know no big deal
with this thing
all right okay ready
we're better always dying we're all
right sit down of my dad too late you're
dead south south I thought we needed to
get the bazooka Oh the bazooka never a
man yeah that's that's that's when I
said and I clean forgot
grab the bazooka I ran over myself I
somehow ran over myself while driving
rich yeah I know I did that once myself
twice myself actually let's go all right
we gotta be careful this thing's gonna
blow soon okay hop in wait just start
you're driving just are driving okay I'm
pretty mobile okay great we're going
south okay shit sorry I'm so good I know
I know stupid rocks want somebody not to
be in the car in case it explodes sure
I'm with you don't fall off the cliff
no that's why we don't want everyone in
the car seems a little cumbersome use me
bugs all right here
all right here
all right that doesn't prove tank okay
jack right watch for that thing I'm on
it a second I don't have my rocket
launcher who grabbed it I don't know
someone else grabs it
okay trashy I think you grabbed the
rocket launcher you're gonna need to
shoot the big bugs I'll reload you like
the big bug get the rocket launcher
ready and we'll shoot that big bug down
there yeah you know all right now I'm
gonna reload you there you go there you
go all right you're on big bug dude you
know this is your job now you get the
big bugs
alright someone probably married
okay all right left left
langa turret try this new static via I
have freedom delivery exhaust - of
course it does alright
all right do we still at the rocket
launcher trashy I'll bother you can get
the mech suit I drown tragic oh yeah
there you go your reloaded shoot a big
button but actually we might have
already gotten to the club never mind
Crais
wow that's Hertz still working ten
seconds we got all of it we get it with
this one we got what why would you say
that tempting fate
all right we're free glare some help
some help well we lost someone sorry
sorry trashy we left you behind
Oh trash is dead yeah Oh No what happens
if we've completed the mission and
someone said I think we get less points
or something oh okay I think somebody
needs to make it out I've never had I've
never had nobody'd make it out well yeah
I knew it was the mission
well it can take off without you I think
you can find just call heaven I had
imagined you'd call it again
okay great
hey we did it yay like does he still get
experience yep no thing we just get less
no I don't think trash you got
experience does he die you know I did oh
yeah I went up a little bit any one of
one city I don't
oh there yeah okay never mind okay if
there's another way if people want to
join in how many missions does Oh bother
been on that were successes yeah
Oh Bobby I think you could stay for one
more yeah I think it's your first
success you can stay for one more
yeah somebody else wants to take trashy
spot now's the time to do that you need
to be either mine or Jax friend on Steam
yes so trashy thank you yeah are you
gonna wave you salute trashy yep
waving salute everybody oh I wanna dance
with somebody so somebody else can come
in wanna feel the heat of somebody yeah
I wanna dance with somebody with
somebody who loves me what about don't
you wanna dance dance Whitney Houston is
was an American treasure
Obama keeps looking for a push-to-talk
button
it's uh I know it's if you're using a
controller it's it's the right stick
right stick pushing down pushing down
pushing down what what what what what
what yeah seal bothers gonna make more
hey hey your voice are you son so weird
I sound weird why oh I just expected you
sound better I'm being an ass it's great
it's great it's nice hearing you this is
what I have to deal with every day okay
oh is that Winnie the Pooh reference is
that specifically what that is
actually no I just went for the British
phrase but I'll take winnie-the-pooh as
well okay okay all right selecting drop
zone use a set it to push-to-talk
because we're getting a lot of weird
echoey things going on
all right we're gonna know you settle
jump acts that is true
fuck those jet packs all right we're
gonna do
dueling rocket launchers jack we're
gonna reload each other oh I think that
that sounds like oh we have we have new
person I just
even just no oh Red Dog Google team ah
Red Dog Altima Jack Red Dog Ultimo hello
well hello and welcome for democracy for
democracy freedom spring freedom to
those bugs yeah bug freedom
well we got science right off the bat
nice I'm on it
all right we're getting that's science
so Jack this time pick up the kit and
the rocket launcher we could reload each
other's I'll have the kid and the ranch
equipment have the kit and the rocket
launcher sure
I'm having an we can switch off I'm
blowing up giant awful bugs what what
objective do you want to go for first we
want to get these northern ones out of
the way because the exit itself yep so
let's go way up to the top all right I'm
the only person here without like a big
rocket bag uh-oh let's go you only need
one or two I'll tell you what if I die I
don't care if you pick up mine cuz I got
a pretty nice assault rifle richest
thing you can have his scraps basically
so you know congratulations aids better
than nothing be okay here in my
standard-issue boots just be glad I'm
not making you pay for mo you bested and
I am calling it officially some day
yay games will charge for ammo you'll
get you'll start off with like two clips
yeah anymore med in a match
you better pay for it mm-hmm really it's
just incentivizing you to you know be
better at a service
it's a gameplay mechanic that that were
I think that's gonna make players drive
to to be the best
whoa thanks for getting my back there
rad dog golf commander his level 18 he's
is legit it's pretty dangerous over
there
all right this gun is working much
better with these bugs we're getting a
lot of a lot of small guys yeah and the
railgun
really wants me use that bigger target
yeah yeah oh no I thought like the
shotgun was working great you know
especially I'm like groups of small bugs
yeah
it's just like one shot takes out
multiple the small ones but then you
have these medium sized bugs though and
you need something really with some
science where you got it are you got it
okay taken care of and love that science
science first science for democracy and
Jack you know no you're just using a
pistol right I have the other thing you
can switch between your regular thing
and the rocket oh yeah
well yeah but I had a hold why just hit
why tap why oh oh this whole time this
whole time I don't know things I don't
know things or stuff apparently all
right Jeff we're gonna rocket launcher
some hives okay great
this is gonna be great we're doing okay
don't know that was me I fired the
rocket well I guess this is death now
all right we'll probably get out of the
way get out of the way get out of the
way get out of the way okay you and your
damn normal that's true that's true yeah
hey Jack you want you want the rocket
launcher do you want I have a rocket
launch you want old bother to have the
right I have a rocket launch well you
don't have any hate you dropped it when
you died I still have it I just used it
Oh somebody else had it right oh that oh
read have one I didn't notice that all
right come buddy reload me yeah okay you
reload me yeah
okay all right Jagger or read reload
mate yeah yeah you've got it all right
whoa we need ammo big bug I hope
somebody brought ammo
I have ammo I can do an ammo drop it for
you if you need it
now let's snap that by this big bharden
let's I don't want to lose that rocket
launcher or somebody
Thank You somebody else to take that
responsibility off the ground
nope and that immediately where's that
big bug I got him oh good all right
you're going back you come back relax
I'm sitting here I get it I get it jack
I get it
okay let's move weight support kit yeah
yeah and the Rye laundry sup punch ya
did good scouts done alright
we got a ways to go I'm gonna drop a
tank okay
yeah get a tank in here all right let's
do it
I got this turret and I remember to wait
yeah yeah save that for the big targets
later so much ammo okay where are you
motherfucker
oh I see yeah yeah that's okay listen
there's a decent amount if you if you
can hit the scouts before they start
spawning bugs it's worth it
okay can we do that consistently no
single player
science all right forget it saw you
sighs I am for silence get it hit it for
the second
I know you I didn't know you could Ram
those bigger ones - that's great
all right this is much better when I
have the proper loadout yeah it's a
little easier when I when I think more
before I start the mission when you use
your brains when I use my brains better
cuz technically I used my brains like oh
that sure I did a bad job using my brain
sure
all right now we're now we're cooking
with gas gas now we have an escort
mission those always go I really had one
successful escort mission all right well
let's see if we can do it let's do it
rich don't you don't you waste that
thing on that little bug jacket don't
you do it why not why not he's you're
doing he's right there I could get know
you could I see it I see it being
trained on him and everything
oh is that it's right there oh never
mind okay I've never had it hit me so I
don't know should I shoot it with my big
toe I wouldn't do that news you think I
should shoot it with my big guy get it
rich we need to follow it nope
come on Oh bother we're following it
follows the payload normal boots
they really I mean snow what were they
thinking other than just being cruel
that's what they're thinking let's see
what we can do to fuck with the player
it's great
hey you want a challenge fine have some
snow motherfucker
looks pretty clear shit like tar
get up get up get up
nope I'm hitting invisible Brock yeah
fuck it if I kept going around it's
alright it's alright how we're there if
I have to defend it no that's that's I
think that's just success great
all right down into the right slightly
and that's the extraction point don't
run over okay Oh bothers it let's roll
running over bugs
let's roll it's very important to run
over bugs that's true an important
outline and satisfying it is it's very
satisfying running over bugs all right
yeah ready to go bugs are probably the
most fun to fight yeah
just because then it's a Starship
Troopers game oh I hate that so much
killing yourself it's very strict yeah
you can't be moving at all you instantly
get run over it could be going as fast
as like a bicycle right Oh big guy I got
him oh are you guys my rocket launcher
is under the car alright now I can get
up my rocket launcher great just gonna
stay here and charge left do we not call
the shuttle mm-hmm whoopsie
you know it's the little things like
calling the shuttle these are the things
that make a mission victorious or
failure haven't gotten to shoot anything
in a while get out there nope
there we go that's what I was waiting
for boom that's what I was here for that
one shot that guy - fuck him we're near
the end if you want to get a bit more
liberal with what you shoot with that
thing I'm okay with it okay great
I have permission from Richard things
now Oh Judy Jack oh my god you also
killed Oh bother
well he was in the law I'm gonna take
away your shoot anything privileges
because I said shoot anything and I
wasn't talking about Oh bother
too bad I'm shooting everything you give
me permission exactly next time be more
specific
those you're your teammates
name's uncle again
I got it
all right doc all right I got dropped in
just in time to get back
all right Oh Bobby you can stick around
for this last mission because you
deserve the widget at the end of beating
this planet sure you deserve the widget
oh oh oh so close so close to leveling
up so much science science and the shit
out of all this oh no he left before
hitting the da button
oh we're just stuck here we're just
stuck here waiting I get you're moving
around and I think something very
somebody showed up as door yeah heard
you're our stream well that's that's
pretty cool okay last fine all right
what what type of MS is this one of
those we have to kill 800 bugs what kind
of destroy bug no no it's a normal
normal
Oh fine activating fan launch pad
retrieved black box destroy bug NASA's
alright any any suggestions for changing
our loadout here you think we're rolling
around just fine I think you know that
tank I think we're fine alright I think
I might nothing that's fine that's fine
you think you might what Jack I was
gonna say oh why is there a big question
mark because this is on we don't know it
the objective is somewhere in that
circle we don't know where self if
somebody's bringing I mean I could bring
my my probe thing that scans the area
and that will find it sure or we could
just stumble across it no it looks like
oh I bet he's got it fully leveled one
two which is great great let's do it
then do it then it's gonna be great
see this whole process that's what rich
went through before getting onto the the
extraction ship that's right yes exactly
oh yeah no it like he buck up like he
had to get addressed to like he got his
uniform on buckled at all I love man
this noise in the ammo I need my snow
shoes absolutely right I'm here guys oh
okay okay all right I was prepared nice
prepared either way that's fine I can do
that it's fine okay I didn't throw you
shame i watch out ready excellent
they're close to you
is that north
I got it okay
where I'll reload you right here all
right
hey where's the objective jacked up into
the left on the left I've been to the
left of them to the left left
sorry up into the right all right all
right we're going right I joined that's
fine never listen to Jack it's fine
never mind Jack when it comes to
directions or science columns or rows
let's get up here okay there's a
straight north
yeah be clever not disarming a bomb they
have those missions you know oh here it
is this might come up I seem to get
every gal away I want to kill anyone
again all right got one load babe
got a alright reload me I think I did
yep thank you
alright done easy peas okay now we need
to go down into the right all the way
down all the way down down right all the
way down all the way down and slightly
to the right
stage right hey Drake came elect Wotton
there's been confusion with that around
here every now oh shit that was me hey
sorry about
okay game over and all the way down down
into time doctor yeah oh shit
okay oh I thought it was someone else
have you ever had that happen in this
game yeah all the time then why all the
time really easy to lose track of who
you are yes
strangest thing like also for me because
I'm on this very tiny screen okay now we
take it to the right yeah all right good
who's got it
actually what do I get that science
first that's down here there's science
there's yep
of course what sells let's let's collect
all the things well yeah I didn't know
there was science I lost track of it it
was on the map a second ago I guess we
ran out of beacon I'll be above okay I
got to get that thing fully leveled just
finding all the science sounds great oh
there it is
I got alright alright not back to the
objective okay great
scumbags yes bring democracy to those
scumbags it's great because we're
bringing democracy to bugs and like
quote democracy but we but they have no
concept of democracy they're bugs ma'am
I think I think you now get the joke
well I know I probably the Queen the
Queen yes always the Queen unanimously
strangely enough
if the Queen pans intensely every year
she's the people's cool thing they love
her
well they they like her policy on
chemically controlling their actions
where's her where's our suitcase we're
defending yep they doing fine
we've been defending so long I assume we
went down here you soon realize still
defending thank you what was that that
was I think you screaming oh you'd pick
the chickens and she would oh I got
injured as a bug compelled my my guts
oh okay somebody picked me up okay I'm
okay no way we're still defending ya got
eight seconds this is fine okay it's not
fine okay these guys right here
great yeah here's the house fuck it easy
boom this is you guys fuck it easy yeah
okay then right and I'm not feeling up
to walking all the way up all the way
north wait wait
we got science surrett hold on Oh bother
I'm coming
where's it at all right little bit down
science science croissants science and
democracy rarely mix she killed me with
science blighted me or blinded and I
don't know music besides I just know
that that's all I know I can sing that
song and just sing that one what science
Darren I'm a fucking musician
congratulations oh no more science I got
it I get ya grab the science there's
some science slightly to the right yep
and and then our objective is a little
bit to the left and up all right let's
do this
ship didn't give the scouts of time
you quit what what sort of equipment is
dropping oh shit
it was my it was my Becca and I dropped
it on me and Oh Bobby yes you're free to
use it someone scrape the rich off oh my
god it killed me I didn't get the chance
to throw my my immobilization field so
now I'm stuck in the immobilization
field that I dropped when I died
dive oak diving works that's great thank
you Obama you think the other trigger is
your rocket launchers in that mech you
only get so many so be careful
oh this just can't became a hundred
percent more useful
kill those bugs with democracy look at
all these corpses they're so free
I vote for bullet
all right nobody gets squashed fun yeah
alright no bother thank you for your
assistance we know kindly ask that you
step out and give somebody else a chance
to get in but thanks for coming my
answer off of the air as soon as I can
your answer to which I missed something
because I know it's just a joke oh
that's like something you do yeah and by
Collin radio shows like oh I like a
radio show a radio show rich I I don't
know rich doesn't listen to radio or
watch TV okay I used to listen to radio
okay I know it as much lately base like
NPR oh I'm here it's great can see ours
wait wait wait don't tell me
This American Life yeah let's go um
radio a home for a companion locust
garrison cute here's a killer that felt
like a chauffeur for 95 year olds we now
go to news from Lake Wobegon it's always
amazing
we do take donations we're now starting
our pre donation drive drive where if
you donate now you don't have to donate
later thank you
disengage stand back Oh
okay great
I'm dead on it
okay get in there we're getting there
wait we're not there yet
okay
fuck
we're gonna do it we're gonna be fun
we're mine everything's fine okay great
right South South now motherfuckers
almost fucking snow it makes it fun I
mean you know makes it challenging
oh shit that sounded bad that's alright
that's alright keep starting up just
keep moving keep moving south move south
come on guys let's go let's go let's go
dude you did you didn't intend to dinner
okay yeah I'm using the the sprinting
perk which is just absolutely fucking
worthless in the snow almost there
almost there
okay to the left to the left there it is
there it is come on
okay there should be another pylon
somewhere I'll save that for the ladies
oh shit
bugs on me oh you fuck you killed me you
fuck someone help a brother out wait
wait
thank you oh my god big guy
alright his ass is vulnerable somebody
can get around and shoot him in the ass
well I'm stunning him that would work
okay great now head up to the other
pylon we get this one not yet
so he's good
all right
easy
everything's easy this is great I get on
there Oh bother you've got this man
you've got this and we got your back get
out of that rich it's gonna drop right
now using my white what is dropping no
ammo
okay all right Jack where's the next
thing we go where's the next place we
gotta go straight to the left the
extraction Oh God
big guy oh that's that didn't oh god oh
how much science do I have what I'm
gonna upgrade jetpacks oh shit and then
I'm gonna bring jetpacks two people can
use jetpacks
and then you can jump in the snow then
I'm gonna use I have a perk that lets me
run in snow nice so we're gonna change
your strategy you should attempt to
Helldivers no death-room
I do try that on individual plants
obviously you know I get a little
fucking game that way all right yeah
yeah or just bring the tank
I can run with you fine let's let's
strategize the hell out of its strategy
nobody hit ready yet but Jack you
getting a potty what to strategize while
we're looking at our weapons oh okay
that's probably the smart thing sure
sorry I was spinning I was spinning in
the air I'm an asshole I was spinning I
apologize for being I was spinning
asshole and it was very important to me
that I spent all right
okay oh you know what let G back out
look we back out oh my god back out I
gonna I'm gonna invest in jetpacks with
my science if I have enough cuz if I
have enough I can upgrade it so that I
dropped two jetpacks at a time so I can
arm to people with jetpacks oh I need
one more science I don't have enough to
do that but I will bring a jetpack so
somebody can use it okay so somebody
could be mobile then I'll have my
running and snow poke okay and then mix
will use mechs mechs okay I'll bring one
Mac a jump pack a tank I think well I
think we'll be good right
trash
a whole mechanized division yes okay all
right
so Jack bring of the rocket launcher
okay that you just earned I'll grab the
support pack okay I'll reload your
rocket launcher quickly when the big
bugs show up okay cool
I'm with you there's a robot suit mm-hmm
I'm grabbing I'll grab to robot suits
for people somebody else is gonna need
to bring ammo then I have ammo all right
jump pack and what am I forgetting
I don't I'm just thinking just thinking
how do I don't I don't know what's going
on okay we have too many people bringing
or eject that beacon you're bringing
that to other people have you only need
one okay sure so get ready yours we're
gonna switch that with someone else okay
let's uh well you got what do you got
jack yeah strafing run I got uh the
turret I could bring a turret yeah bring
a truck okay I'll bring break a turret
right then a turret a super bomb a
rocket launcher and ammo let's rock and
roll
all-night party on the weekends oh I
forgot okay I didn't forget the tank
well I got too much we'll be we'll be
fine we'll make it work I did forget I
did forget to bring my tank car that's
all right that's all right that's what I
knew us forgetting something I couldn't
remember what it was well Bo Bonner will
see the tank again will do next time
we'll do it next mission it'll be fine
it'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all the time find all the time just as
one time just this one time it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine great yeah
yeah they're trusting me with something
called the super bomb okay get all get
all your shit out no 20 is not the max
I've heard fifty years
all right now that's two jetpacks I'm
dropping those for other people
okay but I did forget to change my perk
to the walking snow but that's okay
that's okay
I keep fucking up left and right jack I
keep fucking up okay you you want that
jet pack
No so do is grab the jet pack I can deal
with not bein mobile you drop the rocket
launcher Jack so we can start using you
know what I'm gonna warm up
alright alright hold on we gotta get a
jet wrap a rocket launcher I'll grab the
trash you can you can you have the jump
back alright get out of there Oh bother
here's the jet pack huh you got the jump
pack do I hit hit X what happens yeah
all right
Oh bother you can get in the mech and
then I got you got the rocket launcher
right me
oh I grabbed the rocket launch put aside
idiot all right fucking up left him
right here I hate it I'm mad at myself
no I am I just fucked up way to go yeah
okay well let's move on we got it we got
objectives to complete I feel so stupid
number your zit Rick you're supposed to
be the one that leads us I know very
experienced party here and I fucked it
up yeah I dropped the ball
you did you did but that's okay
sometimes we you know what do we do when
we fall rich pick ourselves back it's
not my punishment yes all right trashy
get out of the way or I'm gonna shoot
you with my bazooka and we don't want
that all right loading
all right one down I died I died
I died too the big thing
someone make me alive wait we gonna shut
off those you know
all right you know what I am going to
deliver it die here you're gonna die yes
you gonna grab the rocket launcher and I
will take the D ammo and then we'll do
this efficiently okay
Oh father can you step on me I need the
diaper just keep stepping on me
all right Jack grab the rocket launcher
okay
but not the support involving thought
I'd know I'll grab this poor kid but I
do need to be alive to do that so we
need to make me alive oh sure come on
I am alive enriched
all right okay don't don't you grab it
I'm not grabbing the support kit all
right are you loaded no okay you're
loaded now so fast that was the great
that was great
all right I now have not rocket launcher
thing all right we're gonna shoot at
that hive down there
what hive it that thing that hold okay
ready that's a bug hole did it now
you're reloaded now we go to the next
objective okay let's do this there's one
more hive over here yeah yeah okay
and you can you know to switch weapons
and we're not using the right app damn
it
summit all right hold on
what the bazooka I died bazooka
situation all right we have a me dead
situation thank you
grab the Mizzou gun let's go grabbing
got it okay
where we going all right Oh Bobby you
didn't need to step on me that time ah
science where we going up up there's one
more hive right here okay see I'm on it
wait wait don't shoot me we're gonna get
out of the front way don't be too close
to the shooter you'll blow up sure
already yep
all right there we go know where you
wanted North yeah we gotta go Norfolk
okay
head north do you have a sport pack
oh yeah thank you okay
north oh yeah we got to get those oil
thingies over here north and to the
right let's move let's move let's move
madness that is great
great
shit Jackie either rocket launcher you
gotta kill a big bug wherever the heli
is I'm working on it I'm working on just
getting up okay big bug where is he
nope nope nope nope nope nope shit shit
shit
nope nope nope
Wow two challenging for us right no no
we're trying to go is not too
challenging it's it's it's it's a
challenging oh wait wait we're not dead
oh my god
somebody got a reinforce off in time oh
my god I but I wasn't paying attention
so I died again okay sorry everybody
I took my eyes off the prize all right
now I'm gonna get less dumb okay do we
did we finish that mission no we still
need to finish this mission let's get in
there
head back to head back to the mission
head back to the mission okay I'm
heading back
I've got the support kit okay grabber
Simmons animal because I kind of need it
right out
okay
Jackie all more sequence ago I can't see
it
got it
bottom-1 oh fuck sorry tentacles oh my
god Oh bother it's all up to you now I
fucking hate the snow so much jack do it
Oh bother do it get us out of there come
on boy you're up there grab the science
you know if you got time if you got time
get that science shoot those tentacles
okay come on we still have we have a
mission okay back in it
let's go we still got shit to do down
here got the rocket launcher
I have the lower pylon
okay one
good yep
great keep it up guys keep it up
Oh God up here shit
great South are we all here
no hold on
she says shit
oh oh I felt oh no I fell off a cliff
no nothing that's a cliff Oh bother
it's all up to you again oh yeah it's
like plug it in allah fucked up what
testing testing that's good alright
alright yeah we need to do my cable i
think yeah stun grenades
rich can you play solo I can't hear you
Mike joke
that's a mic joke working out great
thank you we do now we'll still go you
can get window window well what other is
in next mission okay
sorry you're gonna bring your car good
thing I'm gonna bring my car this time
yes fuck use use is a stunt well the
stun grenade like the the stun grenade
is is useful for like that big monster I
could stun it and then we could you know
we can shoot it while it's stunned I
think a stun grenade is could be useful
ooh heavy armor don't get that no that
slows you down okay which we don't want
right now sure this is what I fuckin
want because I'm an idiot for not taking
that oh fuck me for being so goddamn
stupid I'm very sorry
how do you use stun grenades I've never
used them because they sound terrible
I'm gonna give it a try they sound
absolutely moronic Laser laser aim
module it is oh how do you throw
grenades again I just just left trigger
left oh okay
how awkward what this terminates alright
technically I'm still playing
blood-borne but I'm Lee switched between
blood-borne and hell drivers last couple
days I've been either busy with red
letter media stuff for game too busy to
run around or playing this mmm so I
haven't really played blood-borne much
since the last stream but it's still on
my mind I'm definitely meant like I
might even pick that up tonight we're
getting in the tank also I couldn't
upgrade the jetpack alright alright who
wants to it here someone grabbed that
support kit I'll grab the support kit
okay someone's already on the turret
that turret will blow up the big bugs so
save the red turret for the giant bugs
that show up don't use it on any of
these smaller guys like you just did
like that right there you're gonna do
waste that was a horrible waste you're
wasting our valuable mo that we need for
the giant bugs then smash us like II did
it again all right all right trashy
you're off turret duty bring me back
alive and Jack you can drive okay well
maybe it'll bother knows what he's doing
all right all right let's move it let's
move it out wait stop stop
oh okay I'll just follow you one foot
all right
all right no Dex that's the guy you want
to use that cannon on yeah I can't fit
through there am I going
okay here's the here's the hole all
right Oh Bob use that big turret on
those holes open oppa didn't work didn't
work okay that's not working all right
I'm gonna use them no that did work your
mind shoot the other one that's working
uh-huh
now shoot the big bug all right north
north let's rock and roll
get over here rich Lima poison Oh guess
we done all right all right North North
this is great this is way easier yeah I
know I should have brought that tank in
the first place Wow
wait why wouldn't I do that I mean this
take is super useful it's yeah it seems
like really dumb oh you didn't bring it
all right all right somebody get out I'm
on it whoa whoa yeah yeah cover with the
machine gun from the car
I got you thank you
someone's got me rich got it
thank you behind you I'm not available
get up poison
just get it get it get it get it imma
kid I'm gonna get enough
fuck
all right okay got one
did did nope that okay
whoa
okay got it
alright everybody back in the car back
in the car no we'll get you back okay
well we'll get you later that's the
smart thing to do yes no you're right
you're right we leave behind it put the
lice bazooka
I should probably grab the bazooka
I left a bit suka you know no big deal
with this thing
all right okay ready
we're better always dying we're all
right sit down of my dad too late you're
dead south south I thought we needed to
get the bazooka Oh the bazooka never a
man yeah that's that's that's when I
said and I clean forgot
grab the bazooka I ran over myself I
somehow ran over myself while driving
rich yeah I know I did that once myself
twice myself actually let's go all right
we gotta be careful this thing's gonna
blow soon okay hop in wait just start
you're driving just are driving okay I'm
pretty mobile okay great we're going
south okay shit sorry I'm so good I know
I know stupid rocks want somebody not to
be in the car in case it explodes sure
I'm with you don't fall off the cliff
no that's why we don't want everyone in
the car seems a little cumbersome use me
bugs all right here
all right here
all right that doesn't prove tank okay
jack right watch for that thing I'm on
it a second I don't have my rocket
launcher who grabbed it I don't know
someone else grabs it
okay trashy I think you grabbed the
rocket launcher you're gonna need to
shoot the big bugs I'll reload you like
the big bug get the rocket launcher
ready and we'll shoot that big bug down
there yeah you know all right now I'm
gonna reload you there you go there you
go all right you're on big bug dude you
know this is your job now you get the
big bugs
alright someone probably married
okay all right left left
langa turret try this new static via I
have freedom delivery exhaust - of
course it does alright
all right do we still at the rocket
launcher trashy I'll bother you can get
the mech suit I drown tragic oh yeah
there you go your reloaded shoot a big
button but actually we might have
already gotten to the club never mind
Crais
wow that's Hertz still working ten
seconds we got all of it we get it with
this one we got what why would you say
that tempting fate
all right we're free glare some help
some help well we lost someone sorry
sorry trashy we left you behind
Oh trash is dead yeah Oh No what happens
if we've completed the mission and
someone said I think we get less points
or something oh okay I think somebody
needs to make it out I've never had I've
never had nobody'd make it out well yeah
I knew it was the mission
well it can take off without you I think
you can find just call heaven I had
imagined you'd call it again
okay great
hey we did it yay like does he still get
experience yep no thing we just get less
no I don't think trash you got
experience does he die you know I did oh
yeah I went up a little bit any one of
one city I don't
oh there yeah okay never mind okay if
there's another way if people want to
join in how many missions does Oh bother
been on that were successes yeah
Oh Bobby I think you could stay for one
more yeah I think it's your first
success you can stay for one more
yeah somebody else wants to take trashy
spot now's the time to do that you need
to be either mine or Jax friend on Steam
yes so trashy thank you yeah are you
gonna wave you salute trashy yep
waving salute everybody oh I wanna dance
with somebody so somebody else can come
in wanna feel the heat of somebody yeah
I wanna dance with somebody with
somebody who loves me what about don't
you wanna dance dance Whitney Houston is
was an American treasure
Obama keeps looking for a push-to-talk
button
it's uh I know it's if you're using a
controller it's it's the right stick
right stick pushing down pushing down
pushing down what what what what what
what yeah seal bothers gonna make more
hey hey your voice are you son so weird
I sound weird why oh I just expected you
sound better I'm being an ass it's great
it's great it's nice hearing you this is
what I have to deal with every day okay
oh is that Winnie the Pooh reference is
that specifically what that is
actually no I just went for the British
phrase but I'll take winnie-the-pooh as
well okay okay all right selecting drop
zone use a set it to push-to-talk
because we're getting a lot of weird
echoey things going on
all right we're gonna know you settle
jump acts that is true
fuck those jet packs all right we're
gonna do
dueling rocket launchers jack we're
gonna reload each other oh I think that
that sounds like oh we have we have new
person I just
even just no oh Red Dog Google team ah
Red Dog Altima Jack Red Dog Ultimo hello
well hello and welcome for democracy for
democracy freedom spring freedom to
those bugs yeah bug freedom
well we got science right off the bat
nice I'm on it
all right we're getting that's science
so Jack this time pick up the kit and
the rocket launcher we could reload each
other's I'll have the kid and the ranch
equipment have the kit and the rocket
launcher sure
I'm having an we can switch off I'm
blowing up giant awful bugs what what
objective do you want to go for first we
want to get these northern ones out of
the way because the exit itself yep so
let's go way up to the top all right I'm
the only person here without like a big
rocket bag uh-oh let's go you only need
one or two I'll tell you what if I die I
don't care if you pick up mine cuz I got
a pretty nice assault rifle richest
thing you can have his scraps basically
so you know congratulations aids better
than nothing be okay here in my
standard-issue boots just be glad I'm
not making you pay for mo you bested and
I am calling it officially some day
yay games will charge for ammo you'll
get you'll start off with like two clips
yeah anymore med in a match
you better pay for it mm-hmm really it's
just incentivizing you to you know be
better at a service
it's a gameplay mechanic that that were
I think that's gonna make players drive
to to be the best
whoa thanks for getting my back there
rad dog golf commander his level 18 he's
is legit it's pretty dangerous over
there
all right this gun is working much
better with these bugs we're getting a
lot of a lot of small guys yeah and the
railgun
really wants me use that bigger target
yeah yeah oh no I thought like the
shotgun was working great you know
especially I'm like groups of small bugs
yeah
it's just like one shot takes out
multiple the small ones but then you
have these medium sized bugs though and
you need something really with some
science where you got it are you got it
okay taken care of and love that science
science first science for democracy and
Jack you know no you're just using a
pistol right I have the other thing you
can switch between your regular thing
and the rocket oh yeah
well yeah but I had a hold why just hit
why tap why oh oh this whole time this
whole time I don't know things I don't
know things or stuff apparently all
right Jeff we're gonna rocket launcher
some hives okay great
this is gonna be great we're doing okay
don't know that was me I fired the
rocket well I guess this is death now
all right we'll probably get out of the
way get out of the way get out of the
way get out of the way okay you and your
damn normal that's true that's true yeah
hey Jack you want you want the rocket
launcher do you want I have a rocket
launch you want old bother to have the
right I have a rocket launch well you
don't have any hate you dropped it when
you died I still have it I just used it
Oh somebody else had it right oh that oh
read have one I didn't notice that all
right come buddy reload me yeah okay you
reload me yeah
okay all right Jagger or read reload
mate yeah yeah you've got it all right
whoa we need ammo big bug I hope
somebody brought ammo
I have ammo I can do an ammo drop it for
you if you need it
now let's snap that by this big bharden
let's I don't want to lose that rocket
launcher or somebody
Thank You somebody else to take that
responsibility off the ground
nope and that immediately where's that
big bug I got him oh good all right
you're going back you come back relax
I'm sitting here I get it I get it jack
I get it
okay let's move weight support kit yeah
yeah and the Rye laundry sup punch ya
did good scouts done alright
we got a ways to go I'm gonna drop a
tank okay
yeah get a tank in here all right let's
do it
I got this turret and I remember to wait
yeah yeah save that for the big targets
later so much ammo okay where are you
motherfucker
oh I see yeah yeah that's okay listen
there's a decent amount if you if you
can hit the scouts before they start
spawning bugs it's worth it
okay can we do that consistently no
single player
science all right forget it saw you
sighs I am for silence get it hit it for
the second
I know you I didn't know you could Ram
those bigger ones - that's great
all right this is much better when I
have the proper loadout yeah it's a
little easier when I when I think more
before I start the mission when you use
your brains when I use my brains better
cuz technically I used my brains like oh
that sure I did a bad job using my brain
sure
all right now we're now we're cooking
with gas gas now we have an escort
mission those always go I really had one
successful escort mission all right well
let's see if we can do it let's do it
rich don't you don't you waste that
thing on that little bug jacket don't
you do it why not why not he's you're
doing he's right there I could get know
you could I see it I see it being
trained on him and everything
oh is that it's right there oh never
mind okay I've never had it hit me so I
don't know should I shoot it with my big
toe I wouldn't do that news you think I
should shoot it with my big guy get it
rich we need to follow it nope
come on Oh bother we're following it
follows the payload normal boots
they really I mean snow what were they
thinking other than just being cruel
that's what they're thinking let's see
what we can do to fuck with the player
it's great
hey you want a challenge fine have some
snow motherfucker
looks pretty clear shit like tar
get up get up get up
nope I'm hitting invisible Brock yeah
fuck it if I kept going around it's
alright it's alright how we're there if
I have to defend it no that's that's I
think that's just success great
all right down into the right slightly
and that's the extraction point don't
run over okay Oh bothers it let's roll
running over bugs
let's roll it's very important to run
over bugs that's true an important
outline and satisfying it is it's very
satisfying running over bugs all right
yeah ready to go bugs are probably the
most fun to fight yeah
just because then it's a Starship
Troopers game oh I hate that so much
killing yourself it's very strict yeah
you can't be moving at all you instantly
get run over it could be going as fast
as like a bicycle right Oh big guy I got
him oh are you guys my rocket launcher
is under the car alright now I can get
up my rocket launcher great just gonna
stay here and charge left do we not call
the shuttle mm-hmm whoopsie
you know it's the little things like
calling the shuttle these are the things
that make a mission victorious or
failure haven't gotten to shoot anything
in a while get out there nope
there we go that's what I was waiting
for boom that's what I was here for that
one shot that guy - fuck him we're near
the end if you want to get a bit more
liberal with what you shoot with that
thing I'm okay with it okay great
I have permission from Richard things
now Oh Judy Jack oh my god you also
killed Oh bother
well he was in the law I'm gonna take
away your shoot anything privileges
because I said shoot anything and I
wasn't talking about Oh bother
too bad I'm shooting everything you give
me permission exactly next time be more
specific
those you're your teammates
name's uncle again
I got it
all right doc all right I got dropped in
just in time to get back
all right Oh Bobby you can stick around
for this last mission because you
deserve the widget at the end of beating
this planet sure you deserve the widget
oh oh oh so close so close to leveling
up so much science science and the shit
out of all this oh no he left before
hitting the da button
oh we're just stuck here we're just
stuck here waiting I get you're moving
around and I think something very
somebody showed up as door yeah heard
you're our stream well that's that's
pretty cool okay last fine all right
what what type of MS is this one of
those we have to kill 800 bugs what kind
of destroy bug no no it's a normal
normal
Oh fine activating fan launch pad
retrieved black box destroy bug NASA's
alright any any suggestions for changing
our loadout here you think we're rolling
around just fine I think you know that
tank I think we're fine alright I think
I might nothing that's fine that's fine
you think you might what Jack I was
gonna say oh why is there a big question
mark because this is on we don't know it
the objective is somewhere in that
circle we don't know where self if
somebody's bringing I mean I could bring
my my probe thing that scans the area
and that will find it sure or we could
just stumble across it no it looks like
oh I bet he's got it fully leveled one
two which is great great let's do it
then do it then it's gonna be great
see this whole process that's what rich
went through before getting onto the the
extraction ship that's right yes exactly
oh yeah no it like he buck up like he
had to get addressed to like he got his
uniform on buckled at all I love man
this noise in the ammo I need my snow
shoes absolutely right I'm here guys oh
okay okay all right I was prepared nice
prepared either way that's fine I can do
that it's fine okay I didn't throw you
shame i watch out ready excellent
they're close to you
is that north
I got it okay
where I'll reload you right here all
right
hey where's the objective jacked up into
the left on the left I've been to the
left of them to the left left
sorry up into the right all right all
right we're going right I joined that's
fine never listen to Jack it's fine
never mind Jack when it comes to
directions or science columns or rows
let's get up here okay there's a
straight north
yeah be clever not disarming a bomb they
have those missions you know oh here it
is this might come up I seem to get
every gal away I want to kill anyone
again all right got one load babe
got a alright reload me I think I did
yep thank you
alright done easy peas okay now we need
to go down into the right all the way
down all the way down down right all the
way down all the way down and slightly
to the right
stage right hey Drake came elect Wotton
there's been confusion with that around
here every now oh shit that was me hey
sorry about
okay game over and all the way down down
into time doctor yeah oh shit
okay oh I thought it was someone else
have you ever had that happen in this
game yeah all the time then why all the
time really easy to lose track of who
you are yes
strangest thing like also for me because
I'm on this very tiny screen okay now we
take it to the right yeah all right good
who's got it
actually what do I get that science
first that's down here there's science
there's yep
of course what sells let's let's collect
all the things well yeah I didn't know
there was science I lost track of it it
was on the map a second ago I guess we
ran out of beacon I'll be above okay I
got to get that thing fully leveled just
finding all the science sounds great oh
there it is
I got alright alright not back to the
objective okay great
scumbags yes bring democracy to those
scumbags it's great because we're
bringing democracy to bugs and like
quote democracy but we but they have no
concept of democracy they're bugs ma'am
I think I think you now get the joke
well I know I probably the Queen the
Queen yes always the Queen unanimously
strangely enough
if the Queen pans intensely every year
she's the people's cool thing they love
her
well they they like her policy on
chemically controlling their actions
where's her where's our suitcase we're
defending yep they doing fine
we've been defending so long I assume we
went down here you soon realize still
defending thank you what was that that
was I think you screaming oh you'd pick
the chickens and she would oh I got
injured as a bug compelled my my guts
oh okay somebody picked me up okay I'm
okay no way we're still defending ya got
eight seconds this is fine okay it's not
fine okay these guys right here
great yeah here's the house fuck it easy
boom this is you guys fuck it easy yeah
okay then right and I'm not feeling up
to walking all the way up all the way
north wait wait
we got science surrett hold on Oh bother
I'm coming
where's it at all right little bit down
science science croissants science and
democracy rarely mix she killed me with
science blighted me or blinded and I
don't know music besides I just know
that that's all I know I can sing that
song and just sing that one what science
Darren I'm a fucking musician
congratulations oh no more science I got
it I get ya grab the science there's
some science slightly to the right yep
and and then our objective is a little
bit to the left and up all right let's
do this
ship didn't give the scouts of time
you quit what what sort of equipment is
dropping oh shit
it was my it was my Becca and I dropped
it on me and Oh Bobby yes you're free to
use it someone scrape the rich off oh my
god it killed me I didn't get the chance
to throw my my immobilization field so
now I'm stuck in the immobilization
field that I dropped when I died
dive oak diving works that's great thank
you Obama you think the other trigger is
your rocket launchers in that mech you
only get so many so be careful
oh this just can't became a hundred
percent more useful
kill those bugs with democracy look at
all these corpses they're so free
I vote for bullet
all right nobody gets squashed fun yeah
alright no bother thank you for your
assistance we know kindly ask that you
step out and give somebody else a chance
to get in but thanks for coming my
answer off of the air as soon as I can
your answer to which I missed something
because I know it's just a joke oh
that's like something you do yeah and by
Collin radio shows like oh I like a
radio show a radio show rich I I don't
know rich doesn't listen to radio or
watch TV okay I used to listen to radio
okay I know it as much lately base like
NPR oh I'm here it's great can see ours
wait wait wait don't tell me
This American Life yeah let's go um
radio a home for a companion locust
garrison cute here's a killer that felt
like a chauffeur for 95 year olds we now
go to news from Lake Wobegon it's always
amazing
we do take donations we're now starting
our pre donation drive drive where if
you donate now you don't have to donate
later thank you
