Episode 015
Jack scratches his Bloodborne itch (part 1)
February 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5864QjsObs
___________________________________________

actually like work to do so we're just
gonna sit her for an hour why are you
doing your work well it's not an hour
like I have to I have to send an email
oh my god so we're gonna wait until we
can confirm or deny whether or not we're
streaming I think that's important hmm
nobody nobody listens that's that little
thing no to us and sauce they'll just
they'll just chat really they do most of
the time I think the chat just goes and
does its own thing and every once in a
while they're like oh that's right we're
what times movie dick starting exactly
watch Star Trek tonight oh yeah whoa
that's great yeah I know keep him
entertained for a second Oh oh my god so
jakka's has left me abandoned me to the
stream hello hello I guess there's uh
has some to do at the El Gato or whatnot
the larger delay than normal so uh I
have no idea what the fuck you're gonna
be talking about once you actually hear
me say this right now you looks like
you're just just noticing that the
stream has has started and I hope your
hope you're having a nice night tonight
who's that
tiny turnip thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated I don't think he's
gonna say it unless he can't hear me
saying it he's too busy sending out his
fucking email well I'm just gonna
awkwardly sit here not not playing
blood-borne that's what I'm gonna do yep
the clickbait video was fucking awesome
thank you leftover beefcake I thought it
was kind of amazing more amazing that it
had any right to be
mr. shy smile thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it we just pretend
Jack said that 14 months in the realms
your shy smile that's something that's
something and hello Draco sixteen months
in a row thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
and well Morris coming up I say the name
I'll say it I can't see guess I can't
say it looking for on the chat the chats
go say things caesarean part you got
Helldivers hep to the stream and you're
playing it right now oh my god how do
you how do you love Helldivers I don't
know what to play I got blood-borne DLC
and I got Helldivers last last week or
so Helldivers has been winning the
battle but they're both great things no
fear no envy and purple space bazooka
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated Star Wars Star Wars is not
out until a couple days technically
around midnight so go tomorrow
here's the deal with Star Wars obviously
I've already seen it and the big spoiler
is that Darth Vader is not Luke
Skywalker's father after all they have a
paternity test in the movie and it turns
out that that it's actually Chewbacca is
Darth Vader's son
no nothing all right seriously though
about Star Wars The Force awakens
because there are reviews coming out and
there are potential spoilers mods please
just ban anybody that wants to spoil a
Star Wars if anybody starts talking
about spoilers now here's your warning
please don't even joke about it because
right now next to nobody has seen the
movie and we can't tell the difference
between real spoilers and fake spoilers
so anybody wants to even try and pretend
to spoiling the movie just get rid of
Montana silence them for the night and
that'll be a perma ban but I think I
think just for everybody's benefit no no
Star Wars spoiler Eska talk Jack could
you could you place police say it's true
we really do about seven times
it's omit one it is true we really do
for whatever rich said absolutely it's
absolutely true I
permabanned for people even joking about
Star Wars spoilers because we can't tell
the difference between what's real
spoiler and what's a joke right now we
get you know that might be a little
harsh but I'll go with it rich it's too
important to too many people especially
the people who would watch us sure sure
you will have seen the whole movie on
Monday thanks to the internet that's
basically true and and so it's like for
those of us who care about like watching
the movie and you know experiencing it
we just have to not be on the Internet
here's my whirligig saw I almost read a
review just because of where it was at
and like what the forgiveness of I'm
Roger Ebert's website really and I'm
like ghost Roger Ebert isn't that
reviewing movies what the fuck is this
and then I noticed you know I heard
different writers name oh I guess
they're just utilizing his corpse his to
make internet reviews okay they're
utilizing his brand then I almost
started reading a lot wait a minute I
can't do that
so so like carte blanche anyone even
jokes about spoilers yeah they're gone
for at least the night which is bad for
the night not a permabanned obviously
but just gone for the night yeah
somebody might think they're being so
silly that no one could possibly believe
it uh-huh there's no chances yeah okay
that's them's the rules
everybody would have thought you were
nuts if you said well the force is just
microbes in your blood I just saw
episode one and the force is uh you know
like little robots in your blood you can
actually do a blood test for it and if
you're real you're nuts
I'll stop mowing the lawn now yes you've
got this fancy DLC and yeah fancy saws I
got that I got so so here's the weapons
I've I spilled a little bit here's the
weapons I've been running is the
whirligigs saw is my heavy and Simon's
bow blade as my main weapon and I've
been super strong leveling both my skill
and my blood tinge for example at which
against the giant beasts makes me
unstoppable it's it's actually a little
harder when it's like the one-on-one
Hunter battles yeah
but like I went up against the one
reborn and if anyone's fought the one we
reborn that is a fucking hard fight yeah
beat him first try first nice fucking
try and you know like true now I know
all of his moves I know the gimmick but
I beat him first fucking try see you
shoot up a lot how often are you firing
the bow pretty often
how much Quicksilver quick quick quick
I've drawn a fucking name right I think
it's quick silver bullets well how much
does it consume how much ammo just one
just one just one see that's nice just
one per shot and then you know I usually
do the the blood um you charge it like
the heavy attack you can and if an
enemy's back is turned away from you and
you hit him with that charged attack
yeah it stuns them so you can go in you
can jump in for a quick visceral attack
nice so it makes dealing with them
enemies a lot easier
but uh right now where I am I'm gonna
fuck around on the DLC a little bit but
actually I wait no I before I forget I
want to head to the workshop where's the
workshop oh yeah because uh I only have
one umbilical cord and I want that I
want that name specs port and Sharks
pier 14 months in a row thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
it's true really but I'm not gonna read
donation things if they're Star Wars
boilers even as a joke alright so that's
that's our that's the one downfall okay
okay I can't I can't mic and read from
here this suppose you put it in your
mind Harry flash man BC says rich is a
lovely soul and Jack needs to tell me
his steam name
- mage says something Mike's not
reaching enough to just paraphrase just
paraphrase to cleanse my sins for
breezes next week
I must confess a little while ago in the
chat we talked about Bucky burns my
brain got confused with Jimmy Olsen and
showed a pic of his head blown off
for okay so first of all oh oh yeah oh
by the way yes this is I just saw this
is Ethel guilt this is the FL GILF
character that I that I was streaming
awhile ago here's here's my current
level I'm super pumped up 100 level 106
oh my god skill 40 blood-tinged 28 like
any and now all of my points are going
into Blount in my steam name is harlech
you can't friend me right now because my
friends are full
i I should just go in coal anybody who's
been like well over a year hasn't logged
into steam that's probably good I just
get rid of them that's probably a good
idea I have a backlog of friend requests
thank you by the way I actually just got
gifted a bunch of trading cards thank
you whoever did that so now I can get
get a higher level where the fuck is
this umbilical cord are you in the the
old hunters okay go to the desk straight
ahead you might have already picked it
up you might be missing another one I
thought was on there it could be in that
cabinet behind you oh oh I probably
already picked it up so there's this one
there's the one the prostitute gives you
and then there's the one that the
nursemaid gives you okay I already got
this one okay great then everything's
fine everything's fine and so
second one Bucky Barnes and Jimmy Olsen
what I don't know he got he got the to
confuse the to sidekick characters who
saw it makes a little bit of sense yeah
do you remember do you remember when the
joke used to be nobody comes I mean
nobody in comics stays dead except for
Bucky and Uncle Ben do you remember that
used to be the joke was that the joke
Bucky stayed dead
Bucky and Uncle Ben now it's just Uncle
Ben yeah yeah is it wait did Bucky come
back in the comics Winter Soldier is
that a comic thing I don't know thanks
friend represent yeah I guess I guess
Winter Soldier spoilers Oh quick
somebody banned me right I don't know if
I I don't know if my level is high but
it feels like Ethel Gill fear is way out
of way higher level than my other
character who I've beaten the game with
so here I'm in the the nightmare of
menses
I don't know if you've been here yet
so I'm probably spoiling some things but
it's fucking it's a this is the most
fucked-up place because if I do you see
this do you see the enemies over here
hey let me get my monocle so you guys
can see this because this is awesome
this is so cool so there is a giant
creature in this castle and what you'll
see over here check this out do you see
these enemies like these bad guys hiding
behind a rock yeah they're hiding from
the big boss in the castle because check
this out if I get too far away here oh
oh shit hey dude
I didn't know your backs yeah I'm just
trying to show you the cool thing that
happens over here I'm gonna see if I can
push him off a cliff oh well fuck it
anyway there's this monster that turns
that gives everyone frenzy and so even
the other enemies are hiding behind
rocks okay because he oh fuck you huh
why didn't you heal I don't want to
waste the blood vials I didn't do
anything there yeah I didn't do anything
fuck him that's fine everything's fine
you are literally spoiling the end of
the game of this oh I suppose yeah sure
I'm I want to say that this has been out
long enough for Oh Anna do you have my
blood echoes it's only five 500 is that
them that was okay great
it is only five thousand but still I'm
literally spoiling the end of the game
now so spoiler warning this is the end
of it this is the last ish level and I'm
trying to be more complete this time
like I finished the game without fully
exploring this castle do you hear that
yeah do you hear the baby crying fucking
love it so I'm gonna boss fight right
now so heads up I'm gonna be moving fast
these guys fuck them don't need to fight
them
we're fighting Mikkel a host of the
nightmare there they are so good I just
Anna made design visual enemy design
aren't they absolutely look at my
collage by the way this guy with one of
those fucking cages on his head yeah if
I can I love him now and all these
skeletons have like marionette strings
on their hands cuz nickel ash is
controlling them oh my god right just
right away but that was I mean that was
that was pitiful I was shameful
I I'm sorry that happens I'm okay with
that
Jack banned Jack banned for spoiling
blood-borne absolutely sorry for
spoiling the game I'm yeah I told you I
was playing we will have a spoiler
filled Star Wars talk after we see it
and after you know enough time has
passed but not tonight it's not even out
yet and settle down everybody probably
suggestion there's not a whole shitload
of Star Wars games we probably missed
the trolley tonight okay that's fine
I'm glad usually you're so against the
streaming game I am stream that I'm the
one who's like yeah it's fine I do I
hate it I like it
the the performer in me you know says
something new something different
something new but like then we play
something new one we're bad at it
because we never played exactly one of
the stream just like oh that's a
terrible well yeah but it's like the
gamer and me just I just want to play
blood-borne I want to explore this
castle because I never got to explore it
my last playthrough and I'm here now and
then playing some other games so mikolaj
runs around for a little bit and that
eventually ends up in the room he went
to the room first thing last time you
can hit him a little bit here but you
just got to follow him why don't use
your bow blade hit him in the back we
shot our life he'll just disappear like
hitting him here look see just vanishes
it does a little bit of damage but
Oh fuck-you Skellington Jack Skellington
yeah there we go go into your room
nickel wash Jack Hayes healing huh Jack
hates he'll uh he'll when it's time
ceiling listen get in here I know this
boss fight so it's like he conjures the
skeletons here Wow oh fuck you move I
know I'm doing terribly but that's fine
okay so you skill kill the skeletons I
switch the diet coke because that's
what's in the fridge right now yeah yeah
I'm there's no thought behind it what
are you normally a Diet Pepsi err oh
yeah okay I know they switch the
aspartate or whatever whatever this
mine's fine gobbledygook says rich did
you know the 1985 New Coke formula was
the formula for diet coke with corn
syrup instead of aspartame oh and DC
Universe Online yadda yadda ps4 again ah
daddy had a fucks I I did not know that
mmm that is very interesting I did you
know what I was looking into DC online
universe we might be able to have some
fun with it on stream
okay wow that was just his first one so
so then what you're supposed to do and
or what I did the first time is is
basically this whole thing is amazed
right and so you know you're you're
confused and you have to find him again
but I know where to find it now so up
the stairs around the corner run past
two midget Knights I've got him don't
get hit by the guys one arrow cuz it
takes away a lot of damage you could
murder them but fuck it that takes time
okay and then he's up there but he's
gonna disappear again because he goes
into a magic mirror oh no where did he
go and then like this area over here is
another maze but I just know where to go
because I've done this fight a million
times
I fucking love blood-borne it's fucking
it's my favorite game ok so then it goes
in here
it's trap you can't get in so there's my
right right and I'm sure your skill
isn't the greatest
ok I got shit
okay yeah blood tinge is really
important for a fuck you fuck you fuck
you is really important for
again
we need a different coordinate fucker is
that good now so as as I was saying
dammit
yeah I think I think the prom in
blood-borne is that you can't be I see
you man versatile with the weapons right
you can't just play around with the web
you can't die like you can't really just
switch to something new because you're
encouraged to build for a specific
weapon or a specific type of weapon like
right I've put all my points to
strengthen skills for the Ludwig's blade
yeah and soon I really can't use the bow
blade because my blood tinges at 7 it
discourages versatility in the once
again you can't switch you can't you
can't play with that new toy you just
found you're not supposed to it
encourages just playing the game again
you just start over rich and it's fine
you just start a whole new game and make
a whole new build I agree with that also
on my second playthrough here and then
and after after I got this weapon and
started building towards it the world
became a lot smaller if that makes any
sense like I am making my way through
levels a ton faster one because I know
how to get through them yeah and two
because this weapon is fairly powerful
and so my first play through the game
you know it was just this vast scary
universe and now it's like how actually
this level is kind of small you know oh
you know like maybe what made it seem so
big is the fact that it was taking me so
long I still think this big that's a big
forest and that's fucking Forbidden
Forest is comically large you know not
really
oh good anything I think I just think
that's wrong that's a huge area it's
it's big-ish but it it feels smaller
because because I know my way around you
know I consider it a failure if I take
any damage during this first encounter
with him I want to let you know that
okay cuz it's very easy how many times
have you played this wait what blah blah
through to the end
just once once through to the end and
now this is my second you know
so this is my second playthrough like I
guess like I've played I've started
another character once but didn't get
very far
Nicolai user two seven seven two two one
says
I want to dip Rich's balding head into
oil and to rub it all over whatever okay
yeah yeah whatever you said things too
weird
I was heard to ride the ride do not read
comments yeah you know what you read it
the creep factor is just way too high
and that particular one huh I know it's
supposed to be I know it's supposed to
be joke but it's just it's just creepy
you know what I you know what I will
read it here okay yeah I think you know
okay I want to Deb Rich's balding head
uh-huh
possible
Oh oh my my court yeah you got to stop
moving that thing around sure
Huck that's that's the thing that's the
hard one to dodge you know what I need
to do I need to be smart about this
wait rich talk with oh you're my quarter
again yeah back there we go we're gonna
just change this Court I think we need a
new just a new part yeah yeah problem no
I mean I mean I guess what I mean to say
is absolutely we'll get it you and your
court yeah yeah
I demand Nicole we will get you a new
card we will get I mean I'm sure we have
a new court here like it's not even like
it's not even like we have to buy you a
new cord I don't but I basically I don't
think I can bend forward to read
messages anymore well that's fine I'll
do it
you guys will get a close-up of my head
it'll be good why did I come here I'm
such a dummy rich I need more arcane
defense is what I mean
speaking of anonymous says here's
somebody who could buy more eggs
oh so rich have you played Final Fantasy
Tactics nope you probably liked it so
much it's not the standard which I know
you just like it's the it's like a
tactics okay okay great I don't know why
I came here
people like their final fantasy they're
very fond of it they're very fond of the
final fantasy universe that is true that
is very very the doll clothes actually
have really good okayand defense was I
just seeing things
oh no the Dom poems have really good
blood defense or oh that's the Knights
garb where the dollar clothes for a
second see the dog clothes have really
good blood defense that's the noble
dress but one down or more stop blows oh
no dolls have nothing they have frenzied
resistance but I mean even that's right
that's right okay I just need more
arcane defense which I think I have now
and I don't know why I came back here
render unto me thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do a tea cuz I'm dying a single
hits with uh with that stupid which i
think is an arcane attack but I don't
even know look at that oh look at that
fanciful outfit look at look at that for
GILF now that's a I really like the yard
ghouls garb I like young being the ratty
old old I don't I don't think that fits
guilt
you'll FEMA Gulf guilty McGill no it's
what Felton fits me I like being a ratty
old monk that's what I play as I just
like the badass hat the father father
Gascoigne oh you sure s :
yeah I like that I love that hat yeah
that's right alright I like the hoods
like the hoods you know I like there's
only because they they have better
defense I got the old hunters like
floppy hat and it's like it's got ok
stats but it just looks ok fabric fabric
has a bit sbrick has a very important
question opinions on 1992's
mr. baseball none I've not seen it Tom
so it comes
I'm Selleck goes to Japan mm-hmm I'm
sure looking back on it it's actually a
very racist movie but for a second I
thought you're they were talking about
that that wasn't mr. 3000 the oh the
Bernie green act the Bernie Mac movies
pardon John partially you know it comes
out of retirement to get that last home
run hit because some the stat was
nullified right some reason for some
reason yep shot partially at Miller
Stadium mr. 3000 that's the only bit of
trivia that I care about
come on me coal ash don't run from me my
coal ash I love you I know there's more
- you're gonna have to wait until after
the my coal ash fight I'll get him my
name is Tate says we yes we are fond of
that Final Fantasy you like that shit -
lol fuck my cock getting sloppy Jax
slappy you know no that wasn't sloppy
that was greedy the Skellington was
right same fucking thing the same fuckin
thing
the Skellington was right in front of
him so I was like oh I could take out
the skeleton and get some hits on him
and yeah that was greedy is this game
open for bro op I know right now I want
to beat him by myself I I bro opt vicar
Amelia oh hey you're not supposed to
spawn more scaling things well you can't
tell him what to do he's the boss here
he you sorry you usually don't spawn
more scaling things he usually don't
come into his house and hit him with
swords you know what rich that is a
really fair point
that is a really really fair I'm sorry
Michael ash
this is actually my I'm the aggressor
here many apologies I think later I'm
gonna go into the deal nope I'm gonna go
into the dope and and there I'll
probably need some bro up because it's
new and scary new coal ash I can beat
and more importantly I want to beat LOL
fuck my cock damage oh gosh darn twice
oh heck
ah fucking midgets click seein you won't
be able to bro up with me again because
jack is like maybe maybe later like rich
you can mess around with my blade if you
want to check out the bow blade pretty
sick ass weapon I haven't even done
anything I've only been using it at the
Ford this time so far I've been using it
at that Ford I don't think we're going
to be doing a review of the DLC but it's
funny what board is a fun game what born
is a fun game I'm going for it for real
this time
you do that thing jack you do that thing
one that goes are behind you can give a
shit I don't
I voted towards it yeah I know you did
vol tubes cords and couldn't figure out
why that was I couldn't figure out why
you
I didn't dad oh god did you see the
trailer for Star Trek beyond that's
actually purple space bazooka thank you
for reminding me in in chat purple space
bazooka gave us a tip and wanted to know
if we saw the Star Trek car there you go
there you go oh my god what the fuck are
they doing oh I didn't want to trailer
you know why the last movie sucked why
do people why do people care oh they did
the music throughout the entire trailer
this Beastie Boys music really really
well that actually gets me excited whole
trailer is to the Beastie Boys which one
oh I don't remember we're all the same
to me now I said I love the busy boy no
listen here I meant where is the Star
Trek where is it you don't get it
anymore
there isn't a Star Trek trailer because
that's not Star Trek and then and more
importantly just why is anyone surprised
at anything start working on director
fast the furious and lots of things
blowing up yeah nothing Star Trek about
that right
no I didn't watch trailer because I
didn't care like I the first the Star
Trek the Star Trek was an alright movie
the second one blew hard Thank You Pete
Nino's there is no message
and so there is no there is just no
reason for me to care and sbrick says
opinions on Monkey Island I've actually
never played it that's right you cuz you
don't leave I was a Sierra adventure
game guy more so than a LucasArts one
right I like typing in what I did right
and yes I see in the chat I am over
leveled and underperforming I am there's
no there's no um I'm not gonna sugarcoat
this that's the streaming curse part we
always do some percentage worse when
streaming it just always happens whoa he
is not supposed to go up there
part of its that I I did die to him a
few times just on my own but you know
sometimes that happens with a boss I am
like really trying to not take any
damage with him you know like I'm
playing I'm playing him I'm trying to
play him cool words like I'm really
going for that Perry and yeah but uh
that's my proud number that the new Star
Trek trailer it looks like a Star Trek
movie for people who don't like Star
Trek that's how I would describe it I've
not been like all of them I would argue
there was still nostalgia from the first
one
sure okay I guess I can give you them
these fuckers ha
how do you people magically know their
level Jack showed everybody the started
the stream it's true I could show you
again - he's a hundred and six one
hundred and six a hundred and six levels
young what what and I have an absurd
amount of points in skill which this
weapon would be called levels well with
so I should be murdering him far easier
than I am
what what level do you have to me to
have everything at fifty what I mean how
long would that take to get the level
fifty in every category no you can go
beyond that but there's very little game
hmm
I mean it would probably take a while to
have everything at fifty yeah Oh God you
can use whatever the fuck weapon you
wanted what a make a difference that
would take so much grinding yeah I'm a
New Game+ it would be that bad you get a
lot more blood echoes New Game+ I'm
never sick fuck you and make a wish
waiting for his attack
see I was waiting for his tanning pills
attack and then he didn't do that so
then I chose to heal and he do that now
and streaming curse yep happens I don't
know I don't care about Star Trek
anymore after into darkness that
franchise can just go right at the
movies well sure but like I was
optimistic that this show will probably
be bad too but I guess there's hope yeah
I don't know I don't give a fuck about
anything anymore I don't give a fuck
about anything anymore it doesn't have
to say Star Trek on it as long as
there's good sci-fi somewhere right hey
look it's like I'm playing health I
think I started on Netflix watching
mm-hmm get it I get it
together I get it it's been long I'd
never do that because it's stupid I love
start a little spin cycle anyway go
ahead I've started on nothin question
that was coupled 100 sure yeah I've seen
that I haven't I I've seen the name I
have not seen it interesting premise
though all of the kids we're supposed to
the main characters are kind of
obnoxious but the premise is interesting
enough
Caesarion farts wants to know ETA on
space cop DVD blu-rays
where it's out of our hands we're
waiting we want them as fast as we can
we're waiting on the physical copies to
get back to us from the people who are
actually printing out the discs yes
everything no official word as soon as
there is official as soon as we can but
it's just out of our hands right now
yeah you you will know the very second
yes J or Mike knows their very second if
they come in at 3:00 in the morning you
will know we're gonna spend the day
doing nothing but packaging orders is
what we're what's what's gonna happen
absolutely this game's gonna be more
than one day hopefully we kind of kind
of horrible if it wasn't right dicks
I don't like how much health I've lost
our game is upsetting to me
all so I'm gonna have to go farm for
some blood vials now I just I just hope
the copies come in like literally the
night of a stream you know why why cuz
then we could say they're coming out
tomorrow oh my god I was known for that
to actually happen they're not here yet
though they're not here yet though
they are actually not here but that
would be whole yes it would if we could
say it's coming out tomorrow and it's
coming out tomorrow and it's actually
coming out tomorrow that would make that
hold your joke worth it okay Nicole ash
all right no more farting around here no
more cesarean farting around oh the
other part of that was um it won't be a
digital download right away are we
planning are we planning on watching
more Neil Breen movies cesarean part
says and have we seen any of his
crowdfunding videos I think I saw one of
us crowdfunding videos as far as will
there be more most likely most likely I
I have not seen any of his crap don't we
don't actually pick out the movies we
watch that far in advance so but there's
a high probability we'll want to do more
Breen at some point Oh a very high
probability
Hey
can you read that anonymous says he is
he did not receive his copy of the Star
Wars Holiday Special
West last Christmas he wants it over
does that mean if he's naughty or nice
no that means someone loves you
yep someone somewhere loves you because
they don't want you to go through that
Santa actually intercepted the package
he's like right say I can marry you
dickhead maybe you should shoot him when
he's doing the charge that arcane attack
bad idea
what you were right there
I love how it uses the standard
barehanded tax though he's got his fists
together
oh well just a little bit of it
fuck that attack fuck that attack trip
dodging back huh maybe he's got me every
way
fuck that attack did you guys actually
ship all those copies of a Star Wars
Holiday Special during the last
Christmas episode yes yes we actually
shipped all of those copies and Star
Wars Holiday Special
most to George Lucas himself yeah we
shipped them all to George shipped them
all to George we found we found his home
address shipped them all to George it
was great
one more one more try and I gotta do
some uh some blood vial farming oh my
god you're down to seven yeah I can do
this I feel like I can do this I feel
that with seven blood vials yeah sad
brick I'm sorry we have a we have a
$2.00 we have a $2.00 us answer your
questions lemon I'm sorry say brick I'm
just gonna say yes without having seen
the game just yes I don't I talked about
this last room did I tell you finished
man in the high castle yep really great
that's a that's a great show I really
enjoyed it
front to back I can't root for anybody
huh I can't root for anybody that's kind
of the point I think I think I think
that's kind of a thing get away from
your Skellington
if you stay close and dodge to the side
he won't use that big spell
oh he exclusively uses it as a ranged
attack oh that's good to know so you
gotta be you gotta you gotta I always
keep in mind when I play these games
that they designed these games around
aggression right that is your natural
instinct against a huge powerful bosses
to back up yeah
and they they exploit that to to punish
people who back up you want to be right
by their fucking legs right you're
playing it wrong yeah
well it's $2 total jack hahaha plus he
did he did donate to earlier okay so you
know what say well so say brick
this one says we're worse than fucking
cam whores yeah I actually I want to say
we just are cam whores oh yeah we have a
camera
how long did we resist the cam how long
did we resist Oh over a year but so say
opinions on Leisure Suit Larry games /
Beastmaster movies
that's a weird / that is a weird such I
can only imagine that they're not the
same thing but I think it's two
questions Leisure Suit Larry I played
the first one I liked the first one a
lot me and Jack streamed the second one
oh and it wasn't quite as much at a bad
time stream in that which was sad for me
cuz that was the last parser Sierra game
that I hadn't played okay sucks as far
as the beastmaster goes I've never seen
the Beastmaster movies I like the one I
was five but I don't know if I would
like it as an adult I'm gonna say no I'm
gonna assume no but I've just never seen
those Beastmaster movies is that is that
the movies were like no that's Animorph
she's got at least two pet ferrets that
are cute and I like them I've never seen
it it's like he-man okay Ian and meets
Conan you get you get beastman there
Beastmaster whatever the fuck his
fucking name is
back up back up back up back heel heel
stay close heel and stay close
what are you doing you just wanted to
beat him with the boat that's what's
going on isn't it isn't it huh
I tell you saw my opportunity I saw my
opportunity right I had him I had him
with a cup of bowl shots you almost
threw that away
you almost I got it that's all that
matter because I got it with the bow
super super super supe so now I can have
a menses cage is the really important
part I can have the cage on my head if I
want which is ridiculous which is great
okay not fun of anything that makes me
look goofy yeah oh yeah it makes movie
yeah I'm personally not fun of that sure
whoo okay great
King vidiots says I have a bunch of
great it'sh locky movies on VHS that I
have yet to watch like Roadhouse shunned
and blind motherfuckin fury watch blind
fury that's one of my favorite action
movies period ha ha ha favored B action
movie is one of my favorite action
movies period blind fury is awesome and
I am a huge fan of Roadhouse like Swayze
ripping people's throats out is the
crannis Roadhouse is awesome ok great
turbo Jesus 5000 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do know
so now that I've beaten my coal ash when
I explore this castle a little bit see
what's I think I want to say last time I
just went you know I went right to the
to the enemy
oh here's some shit you want ironed or
key that's fun that's fun but I think
yeah I think that's fun yeah this is so
much fun
Roadhouse is great watch Roadhouse I've
never seen blind fury I've heard rich
talk about blind fury oh wow love-life
fury J did the Roadhouse Super Cup yeah
of every person Patrick Swayze punches
or kills punches and put every fudge
face punch in Roadhouse every face punch
in Roadhouse and it's important super
cuts something we watched recently may
it may encourage Jay to do a different
type of super cut oh yeah that's just
enough that's a little little tease
right there that was that was just a tip
thanks thanks rich I'm just looking
around now exploring I think all this
going to okay so that's the arrow okay I
should like that lamp so when are you
going to stream Jedi Knight mysteries of
the Sith you get to fight oh rancor and
play as Mara Jade I don't give no fucks
about Mara Jade fuck her Mary Jane Mary
Jane one of the expanding universe
characters some you know what something
I cut out of the review for battle front
that I thought was a really good point I
really struggle with keeping it in was
your question of how come we've never
gotten a 3d Star Wars game where you get
to play as Luke Scott yeah yeah I
thought that was a really interesting
point people are gonna bring out because
they're they're anal you got the
playable is multiplayer and Jedi Academy
we're not talking about we're talking
about like an actual game starring Luke
in the 3d era and like a single-player
experience like you get to like yeah
waggle around your lightsaber and defeat
as Luke Skywalker cuz there's a good
waggle your lightsaber game the Jedi
Knight engine I'd - especially - hmm
really fun gameplay
hi dick you know in general like and we
streamed that bit where we got to just
play as Luke Skywalker in battlefront
that was kind of neat where I go away go
away go fuck fuck you're gonna keep me
up blunts and rebels strike you play as
Luke for half of it all right I never
played rebels strike do you get to run
around with your lightsaber or is it is
that just a flying game or is that just
yeah there's a just an x-wing game
like they've never done something like
Jedi Knight style starring lose this my
big dumb
my big dumb saw
like like that shadows of the Empire
game that started the new character from
the book - render I don't even remember
that oh you know I heard that was
actually really good that's a mind wants
us to talk about the Ninja Turtles
Batman crossover
oh I haven't read it but it looks great
I I think only issue one is out but I've
heard really good things I am planning
on reading that I like Freddie Williams
I like Batman like Ninja Turtles it's
just I'm never gonna come bookstore
anymore I fell out of comics not you
rich that was mine either way either way
it's fine fucker whoo
fahriye I got it now it's meat looking
enemies in these games looks great
big pot belly weird fucking mask on his
face he's great he's got these little
like tiny Knights with them always white
beer fetus thank you subscribing really
appreciate is get out it that's great
be careful some kind of Christian now
it's gonna come gunning for you some
more like that so Christian that
carefully babies saving girls I'm I'm
born babies he was saving once they're
born they're on their fucking home I'm
not paying for it
thank you I've labeled babies fucker man
fuck them I mean don't fuck him yeah
yeah you know what I mean
am I going lost that's fine I'll find my
way I don't care what your political
views are but I mean if you're if you're
going to be pro-life should probably
also be pro food stamps just saying I'm
adding nothing to this conversation
riches all its riches treadin dangerous
water yeah okay he's done great did you
ever play the Force Unleashed it wasn't
Luke but close enough and really fun to
play I didn't play because I'm not a God
of War fan and I heard that was very
much like God of War only Star Wars oh
really
yeah that could be neat the Force
Unleashed these are all games we should
be playing right now Bob fuck it
but fuck it I'm just making sure I
didn't miss any pick-me-up items now
that the skeletons are all gone
so this is the fun part a flood barn hey
you're gonna die yes yes reiterate for
anybody to just walk in recently one day
ban on anybody who wants to talk about
Star Wars The Force awakens spoilers
even if you're joking because we don't
know what's Joker not at this point
right so no even joking about Star Wars
tray spoilers anyone I don't know if
anyone has been banned yet because if
they're banned obviously I probably
wouldn't see him but that is the rule
for today don't even joke about spoilers
second guada says consume obey consume
that's a good movie what level is Jack
he's a hundred and six I can I can show
you here's here's all my stats this is a
ethyl guilt this is the eye I want to
say I
we built this character together on
stream yep a while ago and I've been
playing with our real licker level 106
you'll notice my oh yeah there she is
hot Air's ethyl interesting other than
skilled oh you leveled pretty evenly
well that's how I that's how I've been
playing but then I found this weapon
yeah and I so I've been really upping
the skill and blood tinge so I've been
doing those are maroons damage reduction
boost stamina more echoes from slain
enemies stay in stamina recovery speed
up
that's uh that's how I roll I think I
got everything from any air so now we
can move on I think there's something
else in here there's like a way if you
put any kind of spoiler in the donation
message perma ban then because I don't
want any spoilers before I see the damn
movie
I even see the word Star Wars in a
donation thing then I'm just not really
good if I see the word Star Wars rey
finn han choo i'm just gonna stop and
chew even if it like it could be related
waited but I'm stopping achoo
that is very funny there is in here in
here somewhere somewhere in the depths
here is the blood rock that you need to
get to to get any weapon to level 10
what do you think of Sony signing Hideo
Kojima Productions - their first game ah
da I don't was there any question that
the man wasn't gonna get a job somewhere
else it's not like he started sucking
relative to our opinions on Metal Gear
right but I mean you know so a person
that has a huge fan base Sony wants to
make money making games and he will make
them money making games you might spend
a lot doing it but not not shocked at
all oh god I'm we're more shocked is
that he didn't do a Kickstarter campaign
to make it himself that's what I'm more
shocked at yeah that's what I was
expecting that was a chunk I was
expecting the you can make the the next
of the ultimate Metal Gear experience oh
yeah in here down here let's see if we
can see anything how do I feel about the
white sox trading for Todd Frazier i
think i think the white sox need to
focus on the goddamn farm system their
farming they need to farm it needs a
farm you helped us very long just so you
know oh I know I'm debating you know I
have it I think I'm close to having
enough to level up and so I'm just kind
of treading some thing I'm supposed to
do over here mg LOC yeah you can respect
Kojima for not doing a kick start I'm
just saying I'm shocked he didn't he
could have made millions of dollars and
done whatever with it oh yeah I guess
I'm only shocked because
I didn't think that highly of him like I
really thought that yeah he would he I
really thought he was the kind of person
I'm not I wouldn't even think lowly of
them for it if you can get away with it
alright not I guess yeah not I know I
don't want to say like he's a as long as
you actually fucking deliver and you're
not scamming someone I ok with
Kickstarter I know you know a lot of
people around these parts don't agree
with me on this I know that unless
you're unless you're double-dipping like
some people did and that was kind of
shady yeah yeah I remember now being
shady about it I don't care dude your
Kickstarter oh I get it I get it I
remember I remember it Kenny Williams
doesn't farm Kenny William likes to go
for the big name and that kind of what
he's historically done is this guy he's
behind my size right now he was there GM
for a while ok
I'm going to level up and then I got to
go farm for some blood vials and then I
think we're gonna get to get to a neat
part wearing it to a weird part that's
on the x-men apocalypse and Independence
Day resurgence trailers haven't seen
either I don't really have any interests
in Independence Day because I didn't
especially love the original movie I
have fond memories of the original movie
and I'm not a big x-men fan in general
so I haven't seen either trailer um I
have I'll talk about them good yeah so
III it's been a while since I've seen
Independence Day but I remember it I
remember it fondly as schlock simple
schlock it's alright no I had I'm sorry
at all
I'm sorry listen I had a thing that I
wanted to hear and this one looks like
very similar schlock the fun the fun
thing or the the dumb fun thing is you
know I guess they have a bigger ship now
I get whatever I'm sorry darling yeah I
know let me stand close my eyes I'm
actually really close to another closer
to another level
Kenny loves to draft athletes to develop
them into baseball players and trade
pieces for and and trade them for
players past their prime yeah apparently
that's a thing that happens I gotta go
um I'm just doing some farming right now
people don't mind me doing some farming
some blood vial farming and the best
place to get blood vial set is central
yarm ins where you do your farm and yard
farming and yarm and I think that was
purposeful probably not
Oh x-men apocalypse as everyone knows
here I wasn't actually a huge fan of the
Days of Future past movie
I was really dumb and I I've always
thought that Bryan Singer has been
unable to direct action very well I
don't think he's a good action director
I think he's a good director and I like
movies that he's made but I don't think
he does action very well and so I think
I'm not gonna like this one is my
official prediction it looks hokey
apocalypse looks like he's wearing big
styrofoam and rubber armor and how else
do you do Apocalypse exactly exactly
well you know is that lesson you're just
don't do apocalypse
also to be fair by the way I feel the
same way about Thanos I think fan OHS
looks dumb I just think he looks dumb I
think that there are some I think I've
said it before but the Benno's one of my
favorite characters in all of comics oh
I know but I think there are some things
that don't translate well to movies and
I think it looks dumb I'm sure he's
gonna be fine I'm sure he's gonna be a
fine character and I'm sure his
character is gonna get me over how dumb
he looks he looks dumb you know what he
looks like he looks like fan OHS but I
think that's something that that you can
get away with in drawings and and not
necessarily in a indie movies farming is
working out so well for you yeah well
these guys I just kill the kill because
sometimes I drop stuff but these guys
usually have a lot of good blood echoes
then there's another troll over here or
blood vials yeah I looked at three blood
vials right there three blood vials
right there then there's an ogre over
here he's gotten at least two usually
then there's another ogre down the steps
and he's got a couple Oh Gers are good
for my creature preachers a preacher
something you could adapt but nobody
will do it right because they'll be too
afraid to do it right subject matters
too controversial basically no no
producer is ever gonna let them shoot
God in the head at the end of preacher
I'm calling it the preacher show's gonna
have a pro God message at the end no
yeah oh yeah they're gonna they're gonna
do that I wouldn't go that I think they
will I think they will that's crazy for
him to do farming in yarman that's what
we're doing I feel like a big jerk right
now because I just boiled the fuck out
of preacher uh-huh I just boiled the
fuck out of preacher
oh you really did I really did I wasn't
even thinking about it just came out
uh-huh just don't listen to that last
five minutes here's here's the thing
though how how old is the preacher comic
book like a decade it's like a decade
old well past the moratorium for spoiler
it's a territory I always think that's
so funny like when the last season of
Game of Thrones was on don't spoil it
it's like the books have been out for
years
yeah people have known the ending for so
long and no but don't spoil it
we have a code here where's the
paradism who would you cast to play the
John Wayne in Jesse Custer's head ah
much much like the comics I would go out
of my way to keep that in silhouette I
don't know who I would cast but
obviously you're not gonna show a face
there
I shouldn't I still need to get those
books from here
that's preacher book yeah yeah you do I
want I want to read those I feel so bad
about spoiling that I mean I'm sure it's
I'm sure it's a good journey you know
what is a great journey it's not always
about the destination sometimes it's
about the journey Jan I'm I'm
legitimately sorry but why haven't you
read preacher by no it's been a decade
I'm just gonna go one more time through
sorry about the fireman everybody this
is I'm just farming revenge of Star Wars
spoilers in three Asian spoilers right
you know like we you made a joke you
made a Star Wars joke earlier about
Vader being Luke's father right but not
being his father tank technically that's
a spoiler right like it's a spoiler for
a 30-year old movie no no I said I said
the twist in the force awake
is that Vader's not Luke's father after
all right but paternity test in the
movie but that was spoiling that was
spoiling and this is all this is I'm
saying it's technically speaking that
was spoiling a 40-year old movie while
you're at it rich ruined why the last
man why the last man ruins a dissolve
it's a self ruining story
don'tdo dumped it on blood vials
do-do-do-do-do - blood vials
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo farming ogres
dropped a couple of blood vials now
suddenly everybody in the world was
going to read preacher suddenly well I
you know what I know there was a spike
in walking dead sales after the show
came on yep
but of course that was a good show who
knows if preacher is gonna be good or
not doo doo doo doo that guy's got some
Quicksilver bomb I could leave the room
I could ban myself for the night I get
it I get it
and the fun thing is I'm riches ride
home and so like he just he'll just have
to sit in the other room and twiddle his
thumbs so I kind of like them so I kind
of writ wait are you really going rich
all right um
so x-men apocalypse you know I think
that I don't know I think we've made
some strides with comic book movies
where were they're being taken a little
more serious and I think that uh the
hokey nosov x-men apocalypse yeah might
undo some of that I don't know if that's
fair like I said I just really didn't
like Days of Future past so
and I read x-men you know I like x-men I
like x-men comics we'll see kaylynn beep
I don't need to kill these guys I could
just run past them but they have
Quicksilver bullets and because I use
them with my bow just pick them up I
also like having a blood echoes where I
could buy a bunch of vials but you know
no one wants to buy blood vials take
five minutes farm a little bit and grab
a bunch of blood vials the part coming
up is something I've actually never done
before
I went straight to the boss and there's
a side route that uh apparently is where
the blood of stone is and I'd love to
get my bow blade to level 10 so I want
that blood stone
so why does Jack hate adverbs I don't
know
I don't understand what that comment
means
get rich black get rich back I I don't
know
rich rich spoiled the end a preacher so
I think he has banned himself
that's something so I have to leave to
you
that'd be great I will just leave the
camera here on Ethel look at that moon
this summer
Thun Thun Thun Thun Thun one grandma
tintin tintin is gonna fuck some shit up
didn't it in what's everybody's feeling
on Independence Day and by the way I am
I've always regarded it as just like a
fun fun shot like a movie much like the
rock you know everybody loves the rock
everybody should love the rock or face
off or they're not like amazing movies
but they're great they're great in their
own way you know the rock face off
Independence Day I put those all in very
similar categories as far as like a lock
and schmaltz is concerned so I don't
know yeah I guess I always looked
favorably upon those movies where we
going now without spoiling what are your
thoughts on the season one ending of men
and the high castle loved it I I really
I really enjoyed it I I was falling in
love with uber fewer mayor whatever his
name over for your Schmidt Smith I loved
I loved ever everything and I thought
there was a really competent show I
think Amazon has some thank you thank
you thank you for coming back my
unbanned Independence Day is a fun watch
very cliche and campy but if that's the
thing that's the thing about
Independence Day works like you get what
you get it
going in
they're not the start of we don't need
no story we can just do things with the
computers that we couldn't do before but
there's a story it's just incredibly
simple Wow the aliens come we got
stopped aliens this weekend we I would
use do big explosions that's all we need
yeah but I feel like that's what they
were going once that's that's I think
that's the moment when people Hollywood
started going bad it's Independence Day
you think yeah Rezac part started CGI
but that was early CGI there are still
used to having stories uh-huh I like
that I had this horrible
