Episode 454
Jack scratches his Bloodborne itch (part 2)
February 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4fz5700XFE
___________________________________________

have we seen Rick and Morty yes I like
Rick and Morty i watch the first season
recording I'm okay with it
we're not loving it it's fine I love it
it's great I still don't like it more
than the Venture Brothers yeah if I
could love the vegetable it's fine it's
uh those eyeball ladies are coming up so
I'm upping my frenzy resistance by the
way thirty but before did you ever get
did you get this outfit no the the the
gravedigger it's like a gravedigger
often looks neat
and I call that hat I'm not even wearing
that
what is it the graveyard kilt was
something had more the graveyard killed
no just just hunt this trousers I'm okay
with this outfit how about Archer I
would put Archer under it's still good
like Archer I would put it under both
Venture Brothers and Rick and Morty hmm
like Rick amorta was a lot of fun I
incredibly tired of Rick's
burp talk I listen the these are the
things that bother me where it's just
like I I get it but it is just every two
seconds was like yeah I get it I get it
but I don't need to hear that all the
time is there some funny there were some
really fun bits in Rick and Marty though
so that's I like bizarre science stuff
yeah yeah there's a lot that's that's
quintessential brick and morning yes are
and dark I love dark humor
no I'm science yeah rekka party is right
up my alley it is that's fine it's
perfectly fine
it's sincerely insincere and for the
burps and the broom
no I actually I saw that episode you
were talking about where they were just
like flipping through like Universal TV
channels and now it's funny it's all
very funny everything's funny what am i
doing now do I remember I remember I
remember I remember I remember space cat
ever why haven't you seen the magic
brothers go see The Venture Brothers I
haven't seen The Venture Brothers either
where's that baby crying okay so here it
is here there's like this little secret
area where this takes it down right but
then oh I just lost a ton of blood
echoes whoops - dupes you gotta jump in
that window I can see that you know you
know you failed to jump in a simple
window you know what I didn't do it jump
in the window whoops the dupes farm
those guys oh yeah I know apparently
this is also a really good place to farm
where I am right now but I'm not doing
that right now I got I'm gonna go find
I'm gonna go see if I can find a blood
rock and see if I can get back my echoes
cuz I kind of want those rich how do I
get a feral cat to trust me enough so I
can bring it inside you have to pick up
a rock yeah and you have to keep hitting
it in the head until it trusts you do
not bring a feral cat inside it will not
like it
and it's probably rife with diseases
leave it alone so just keep hitting that
feral cat the head but oh I'll be fine
that isn't that is not good advice rich
nailed it nailed it
all right now here Jessie just yes
Metalocalypse is Preto
I would probably also put Metalocalypse
above Archer and it's not that I don't
like Archer right Metalocalypse is
graves they're all some very good
animated shows
don't you
oh there there those forget those those
things those ladies with the eyes that
shoot you with friends fucking hate them
fucking hate does but we got a bow and
arrow we got a bone motherfucking arrow
we don't worry about nothing anymore
hey hey friend where's my friend dear
resistance
oh oh a driver sedatives on me I do okay
let's go down I know not fucking fast
enough not fucking fast enough for my
taste
laters good badass that said I want
recently oh I've been watching the the
second season of Fargo do you kind of
get on Fargo man yeah and the the second
season Kirsten Dunst who's an actress I
have never much cared for I am talking
about Fargo the first season by the way
is honestly and literally perfect i I
haven't gotten to the better yet so far
it's good but I hate it like it's not
blowing me away yet Kirsten it's great
the whole thing the whole thing no no I
wasted that I wasted that no no you
won't be able but if you would like to
sit and talk probably turn the mic we
should probably turn your mic on if
you'd like okay
testing one two testing one two one two
J's got a bitch about something okay
I'm so pissed right now oh no wait
someone tweeted at me a little while ago
like maybe an hour ago okay and they
didn't just tweet text they tweeted me
an image with text on it so it's harder
to avoid a major fucking Star Wars
spoiler some fucking asshole
I hate Hanna I hate the Internet you
should have known to avoid the Internet
today and tomorrow
I assumed on my personal Twitter account
no one would be that big of a prick
Oh be naive but yeah who was it because
our fans can harass them I know I
blocked him or in Unum or whatever so
what a major spoiler so what is very
upset about that muscles fake it's
possible it's fake but either way I was
pissed
why would you do that your jerk is there
a jerk fun fact the Internet's full of
jerks that is very true fucking
jerk-offs so of dickhead did you have
frenzy resistance rooms
and probably be better than this I have
friends II resistance clothes and then I
just got taken out those brooms true you
can use oh oh fuck you're right well I'm
already in ok I'm already and there's no
turning back now
I learned a Fargo are you what some in
season two and what just happened the
mom oh I guess I don't want to spoil I'm
maybe like four episodes in okay four
episodes in love the casts yeah
everybody's great I'm a big fan of that
Jeffrey Donovan the oh yeah oldest son
he was on that spy show that I watched
also with Bruce Campbell also hadn't
gotten a Bruce Campbell yet on forego no
Bruce Campbell's no he's only in one
episode but it's great they have they
have teased Ronald Reagan Bruce everyone
knows Bruce Campbell plays Robin Wright
they've teased Ronald Reagan a lot but
we have not gotten to Ronald yet by the
way Jay when I started the stream first
thing I said host anybody who even wants
to joke about Star Wars spoilers band oh
that's smart yeah even joking even
joking because we can't tell at this
point yeah no idea that's the thing it's
like that image with text it looked like
a screenshot of like someone filming the
theater screen so I think it's legit but
either way what asks if you happen to be
watching the stream right now you can go
fuck yourself
this is the one this is the one thing
that scares us now is the tip thing
which we read and it's like is there a
spoiler in it we don't know they can't
send images though right not good at
least you'll you'll catch the word Star
Wars or recognizing no not to read all
the guitar player four one two three
says greetings from Chicago suburbs
yesterday was my 28th birthday
these eyeball monsters what are some
ways that I can live a more rich Evans
lifestyle in the coming year a more rich
Evans lifestyle yeah I'm just just stay
in the room and don't talk to anybody
ever
all interaction with other human beings
mm-hmm it never ends well interaction
with never ever ends well you know I
guess that's interesting advice rich and
I were talking about late 90s to early
ops hip hop I've been listening to that
quite a bit yeah more early 90s but I
have a Pandora station that I've been
listening to lately with like Arrested
Development oh yeah it's good stuff to
really listen to back then my brother
did I never really did well I knew it
through him but lately I've been
listening to it for some reason I was
talking to rich and I was like didn't
you ever go to like a high school dance
where they played nothing but that shit
and which is like I didn't want to see
people you know Touche well you know
high school there's like four people I
gave a shit about and largely there's
people I still talk to today I think I
was smart enough to know all the time
but everyone else in high school was
just a jag off but I was never going to
see again I went to prom I went to prom
once just cuz I felt like that was the
thing you were supposed to do okay I'm
in high school that'll be a memory and
we stayed for like five minutes and
loved it sounds miserable it's not fun
I like dancing let's see I'm not a big
fan of dancing anyways unless I'm really
drunk yeah well I was not actually drunk
I've really frowned upon that at high
school yeah but know that yeah prom for
five minutes and I'm like alright this
is it
let leave so then we loved how much and
how much did that cost at five minutes
oh god I don't even remember can you get
the dress Fame I know yeah it rented it
talks oh that was there something else
going on that night my date she there
was like a wedding so we went that of
someone she knew so we went to the
wedding reception after five minutes of
prom ah so then we I made use of the
fact that I had a suit on anyway I'm
doing the most bullshit chicken shit
tactic against these eyeball monsters so
what what you're seeing right now is a
very unexcited gameplay and I don't care
cuz I want to get past you that's what
I've decided
alright you do what you got to do
because past here I think there's a
horrible grotesque monster that I really
want to see I mean those are pretty
awful Cote has culture and Perkins space
cake house thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do
Chakotay has culture that was my joke
one day that's his characterization he
has a culture yeah it's not a very
well-defined culture just generic tribe
he's trying he's trying and it's just
the laziest fucking characterization
ever and I hate him my father had a
spirit out of it I have one too his
culture we have a culture
look at this thing it's sings is that
the rock formation no that's that's a
monster that's on top of a lady's body
that's on top of a lady's body and it's
just a big thing of eyes and tentacles
oh that's cool and that cool I'm gonna
run past it cuz I'm scared though Boosh
penis
she following me no okay great great
all right everything's great again maybe
unless there's a giant spider I was just
normal
we're talking about Fargo every time off
Fargo Fargo's great yeah I think overall
I didn't I didn't like the second season
as much as the first when it started but
as it went along I grew to like it a lot
more okay good that's that's what I'm
hoping for cuz yeah I'm four episodes in
right now and it's just like it's fun
all the characters are fun it's just not
as engaging is that that first season
was perfect the first season is pretty
good I would need to re-watch it but I
mean Billy Bob he's yeah there there is
no Billy Bob type character in the
second season right so I don't know but
once you get past that I just think like
it's a stronger group of characters
overall okay
leftover beefcake wants to know how much
do we have to donate to get Jay to dance
on stream $5,000 what about that to
dance on stream that's his total and one
night or no be one person one person
that's probably up it cuz there might be
some crazy person that would actually do
something like that would you not dance
just on stream for like 10 seconds I'm
not a monkey I guess I'm not you I'm not
a cam whores oh not that I'm calling you
a camera a camera that's just a sellout
okay fair enough
I'm gonna get shit above that for a
while I accidentally split all the end
nigga preacher I just wasn't thinking
about it preachers been out like came
out ten fucking years ago and I'm just
talking about it it's okay to spoil so
if it's an extra innings most a lot of
people are just gonna start because of
the show I suppose so I feel bad but I
just wasn't thinking about it I just
came out just came out there wow there's
almost ten years old you don't think
about it
whoo giant spiders is creepy haha
and did you see those other spiders they
had like human heads I've got a regular
spiders are creepier the ones are the
head just look goofy you know what this
troop what the fuck oh fuck
a lady monster get your sedative ready I
don't have any more you're filling up
huh it's filling up still well what am I
gonna do and nothing I'm gonna do
literally nothing cuz I drank all my
sedative you should do is go back and
get some frenzied resistance well I
can't now I fell down a hole rich I fell
down a hole thoughts on the new start
chart trailer we already talked about it
I am miss start rod
I really miss Star Trek yeah it's I
haven't even why would you watch the
trailer the last movie sucked so much
are you just curious to see how much
worse that can get no not even that I
didn't even think the first one was bad
it was shallow for Trek but it was kind
of supposed to be because it's the
material bad you have these things
it's reestablishing things in writing a
broken ship yeah which is what I'm
assuming the new Star Wars will be -
yeah lots of familiar elements but it's
it's setting everything up for maybe
that's what the problem with the second
Star Trek movie though I was like
alright they got all that crap out of
the way now they can tell their own
story and then that second movie is just
like awful
so she's gonna walk away she get your
Senators ready and run up and kill him I
don't have a sedative oh you're out I'm
out of sedatives uh-oh
so I got a cheeser say she's behind a
wall now there's a big shiny treasure
chest right there rich casual horse
casual horse thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it I'm just like a
horse thrown - that's perfect then
there's a treasure chest right there I
think that's what I need base mine Wario
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I have no idea what it
means I'm sure means something it means
something to them
nope did you just commit suicide what
you died it how what did you do I have
no idea why did their jump off of a
Ledge is what you did well I know that
my character jumped off a ledge I do not
know what I did with my thumbs and
fingers to force my character to jump
off a ledge and they say if it helps the
item in that chest is garbage it's a bit
late for that now dreams and get your
frenzied resistance going which you
should have done an hour ago if I go
back to the hundreds dream now do I lose
all those blood echoes John kylo wants
to know Jay will it be a stream Athan
this year this New Year's I don't think
so but for a number of reasons I know I
complained on here once about it in the
past but it's just lack of time lack of
interests oh I'm probably not this here
you heard that folks you got other stuff
to do if I go back to the hunters dream
yeah do I lose my blood I yes
there's 74,000 blood echoes in there
isn't a lot at this point though it's a
level I could level up something the
problem is I don't know if I can get out
do you think you can even get back there
well let's see yeah what let's find out
oh no I'm going the wrong way
I'm action Jack did you read The Dark
Knight 3ed well no I stopped reading
comic books like seven years ago so I
have not
was this a third Frank Miller Dark
Knight thing so it's the third Frank
Miller Dark Knight he's credited as
co-author I got a feeling his name is
just on there Oh didn't people he
because they don't rust yeah i gotta
feel like they don't
I suspect DC doesn't trust him to do it
at this point I think Brian our Zola was
writing basically everything okay that's
Mike that's my suspicion because the
rank is his name on it cuz that first
one is iconic he wrote and drew the
other ones yes first one was great
second one everyone hates right he's
kind of viewed as a weirdo No yes and I
think they just want his name on it
because they think his name has to
be on it okay sure yeah I didn't even
know there was a third one I have the
second one I heard it they say your
stain stays now oh so I can go back to
100 scream come back in my stand don't
lose blood echoes yeah I'm gonna you
know what I'm gonna trust you guys cuz I
don't want to die I don't want to die
anymore so I don't want to die like
needlessly jumping out of that thing
again
alright I'm good you know what Chad I'm
gonna make a really bad decision and
trust you I want you to know that this
is a bad decision what I'm doing but I'm
going to do it grandma
Kali says I don't like it already
thanks for helping me get through a hard
time in my life
keep up the cool work not Zoey says yeah
what Oh something else not a spoiler I
really hope Star Wars doesn't suck no I
think we all do I don't think anyone's
actively rooting for it this ugh I kind
of wish that just ended in not you guys
help me out you mean so much to me keep
up the good work nod ah
there's like separated by a line the
rest of it was not and then the rest of
it was on the line below oh it's too
late he meant something entirely
different
all right I'm heading back out okay bye
Jay thanks for coming by
goodbye I'll see you again in a post
Star Wars The Force awakens world it'll
be it'll be a crazy world and again if
whoever tweeted at me is listening go
fuck yourself you we should get his name
and we'll sick the entire chat block now
we can make this guy public enemy number
one no no no I'm not a vindictive like
that why not
I guess I could be but I won't
there you go alright bye Jay thanks for
stopping by I don't care about that we
can we can find a different one huh
let's see here I don't care about Beast
max-age yeah actually that might be nice
max HP yep
there should be I know there's a lot of
poison resistance one this there's some
friends Hebrews yeah I got a frenzied
resistance and I put on an all
resistance one that's the only friends
one you go those are the only two okay
yeah and then on the piece of the the
health will help a bit and then oh I
sure I don't have anything all right you
know what I could sell some stuff and
then buy some sedatives sure what do I
have in store can you fight them with
insight oh oh I have a ton of insight
thank you
no problem okay you probably only can
buy them within sight
can i or can i buy them they might not
be available shame shame
let's check down here so I guess I can't
look at the internet all day tomorrow
you can't I know when are you seeing it
it's wrong night it's more essentially
oh okay I can buy it here I can buy set
it up here I gotta sell some stuff it's
a part you're seeing it's oh that's
right in like midnight Thursday night
yeah yeah okay well I gotta take some
stuff out of storage here what can I say
look I have a ton of shit that I never
ever used like this my this reputation
yeah and I'm never gonna use that I got
this and I hate it I might sell that but
I leveled it up you know nothing I'll
shoot so oh no I have a ton of stuff why
would you start with the weapons cuz I
never use them and they're probably and
they're worth more but Jen you do what
you feel is the right thing to do like I
yeah I have oh yeah I guess I have all
my clothes on me but I like all my
clothes I like all my clothes rich I
have 80 but let's don't you guys make up
probably so a few of those let's see
here what's gonna be worth the rightful
spear I'm never gonna use thread cane
I'm never gonna use you know like I'll
miss my hunters an exile will see you
will see how much money this gets me but
movies have I seen more than once in the
theater wall-e
probably the most recent one right no
way the most recent to be Mad Max I saw
Mad Max in the theater twice so wily in
the theater twice and I saw the Phantom
Menace in the theater twice due to
social obligations though part of that
was also just curiosity like Oh can't
possibly be that bad I want to say I saw
Jurassic Park in the theater maybe a
dozen times I probably should have but I
didn't I think I only said you're asked
to park at the once then we're weirdly
cuz that's a great theater movie that's
a great theater movie
I think like that was at a time when I
was fairly mobile and I could like you
know ride my bike by myself to the movie
theater well that's what I mean by
mobile was like obviously like I was
walking it was a little bit older a
little bit different for me well you
know I I want to say that movie came out
before I had my driver's license and so
I would ride my bike to the movie
theater and watched her a drastic park I
saw it over a dozen times in the theater
easily great movie
so I'm mad max' like twice in the
theater and I think I saw it like twice
on like days I've yet to see that movie
a second time yep and I really I'm
looking forward to it
it's always there just kill those
singing brain things they give like 15k
per kill oh that's great eight hours to
you guys see Star Wars I'm really not
excited enough to be counting the hours
basically I'm seeing it on midnight for
work-related reasons because we're gonna
have to know what happens in that movie
right like I I will have nothing to do
with any episode or anything and so I
have not pre bought my ticket I don't
care
like I'm going to see it of course it is
what I'd probably go to see on my own
anyway but I wouldn't be okay when I can
see it but again so now my blood echoes
are gone for real no they they should be
somewhere around either where you start
or by the fall no no before that
right yeah then they're gone they're
gone for good then they're gone yeah I'd
but but blah blah thank you for
subscribing or bah blah blah blah blah
blah bob la blah
well I misread that Jack what am I an
expert thing reader just got these goofy
internet names I'm just
how you pronounce this shit thank you
for subscribing asshole we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
except I don't go fuck yourself making
me look like an ass your goofy name all
you people got goofy Dame's what's wrong
with Bob but lady's name was Bob but I
got your Bob fine I'm an idiot I get it
your Bob so Steve's nobody's just called
Jake come on twitch is just a joke who
is that guy and how will how lucky do
God my name just the first Jake the very
first Jake on the Internet yeah I want
to take potshots he's because I want to
save my I'll need to save my sedative
for the lady downstairs come on
are we doing a discussion for Christmas
or just a half in the bag half in the
bag is the discussion I'm not I'm not
sure what you mean I can tell you you
will probably see a 1/2 of the bag
before the year is over and not sure
what point it's going to be finished we
I'm sure we would very much like to have
the next best of the worst out before
the end of December hmm it's always
always best the worst Christmas episode
yeah you're right mr. glitch your name
is pronounceable I know I think a lot of
names are pronounced well obviously rich
is being a little funny I'm being a
little funny he's being a little funny
because he made a goof and so now we're
making a goof out of him you know that's
how it's working bah blah blah blah blah
I know it's blah blah blah no I think I
know I think it's bah blah blah blah
blah no I like liking Arrested
Development Bob Loblaw
oh I'm not familiar with this do you
remember Arrested Development I haven't
seen like all of it and they have just
seemed like the first season oh really
I here's what I think happened I think I
binge-watched it and then just got sick
of it because it's just too much at once
sure what usually doesn't happen with me
so I don't know well you know that was
like the first binge because you know I
came out on DVD and it was very popular
yeah fuck you it's the oh that was a
waste I keep missing I keep missing this
Biddy right here visceral attack
animations protect you from frenzy
damage Jack Oh
I think I have enough resistance to what
I say what I say Jack
oh I never doubted you I was just oh I'm
being an ass fuck man being an ass oh
you're fucking I got it I got it I got
just take the friends you hit don't
waste the sedative shit
I think I think you're making a mistake
with these arrows it's too slow okay I
think I just got to go in there with the
sword not that the resistance though
sure now that I have the resistance so
you're probably make sure you don't get
grabbed but otherwise I think you can
get away with just the support I think
you're right I'm gonna say you're right
I meant that I subbed for 13 months in
her own I demand recognition absolutely
mr. glitch you've been with us for a
long time
you you mr.glitcha subbed for 13 months
in a row and he gets recognition or she
or it I think however missed mr. glitch
I think we can safely assume it's a he I
I make no assumption however you
identify I think I think that's one
where it's a reasonable thing to do and
if you're wrong you say oh I didn't know
obviously mr. Zinn your name right and
and if somebody gets still gets upset
yeah that's unreasonable well I don't
get it unreasonable in that way you
could assume mr. Glazer I was trying to
be overly polite because mr. glitch has
been a subscriber for so long we can
agree to that and I do like I in general
I assume male just because I'm a guy so
I always say hey the guys are you know
you guys in the in the chat and I feel
bad about that because I know we do have
female watchers some of our so you know
like I don't want to be I I try not to
be too male orientated it's gonna be
great says jack remember visceral
attacks don't work on stairs do you
remember that glorious that was can i
visceral attack these ladies probably
but fuck it alright I'm going for it I
don't have enough blood echoes to care
about losing them yet are you are you
there's just no like sneaking up you
know
as mike says i have sub 4 omo for about
15 months in a row but it wasn't done
sequentially girls kill get out of view
of the other ones turns you down no i
don't wanna waste a sedative I'll take
I'll take the blood vial head alright
I'd rather take a blood vial head over
wasting a sedative because that that one
downstairs is gonna be harder to kill
I can run past this one fella hecka yeah
says I'm an awesome subscriber Bella
hecka is an awesome and I'm a confirmed
male bill Billy or bill Billy right bill
bill it is bill
no it's bill lekin NOLA heck not Billy
hecka which is what we called him
originally okay okay that's another one
I think you could safely assume male and
if you're wrong just I'm sorry I didn't
know and it should be a reasonable
mistake to make uh Herod hey mo hey Bo
hey mo here not the most spider yeah
also I believe bill has like his real
picture on his Twitter profile like bill
is a real person like like Cosmo that's
this word is reasonable vagaries there
we can't know for sure
female oh absolutely yeah Casper could
be anything Lucky Strikes that could be
a dick that could be anything right male
female or otherwise
there's question a Michael 87 write a
machine a Michelle a Michelle 87 sort of
Michelle in writer that was Michael oh
yeah you're right
Oh Michelle I Michelle yeah so but even
ah Michelle like that's not Michelle
that's a little yeah yeah we'll see I at
a glance I thought that was a Michael Oh
and Regan will the a is capitalized but
the M isn't so since there you go
and we've and I guess I've always said
ah Michelle what if I've gotten it wrong
all this time and it is a Michael this
is a weird conversation like what are we
what are we Titleist in the stream just
for you to just what do you have between
your legs it's something you know it's
something that I think about often
what's between your legs one I think
about that often lady Denning thank you
for subscribing
we really appreciate him it's true we
really do it's something I think about a
lot I remember there was talk a long
long time ago pre Google+ day Google was
talking about their wants for an online
ID like an across-the-board online ID no
and I remember thinking man that sounds
like a really good idea
yeah and I still think it's a good idea
we beyond those kind of labels what I
mean
I have it you mean like an eye permanent
ID for everything you do online yeah
yeah and you know what your ID would be
it would be your name no no I don't like
that I think that's a greater it gives
any idiot the ability to track you down
no obviously you need to you need to
what it does is it makes you be careful
about what you say and where you say and
what information goes out somewhere
because it's you yes don't you think
it's a good idea to make people no more
cautious about what they do online well
I think smart people genuinely are
cautious about what they do on yeah
dodj I tried shooting I went for a shoot
no I like the idea I like the idea I
hate the idea absolutely hate it
well I figured you would nice whose oh
my god him whose oh my god him ghosts
and goblins says based on the clickbait
video I really wish this here I can help
I can see you okay you can read it
so words like I think the the idea that
they're getting across is like you need
to you need to emulate something from
the Star Wars movie is there is there
point in the new Star Wars movie you
need to emulate this that's this is a
tough one race yep take time take time
okay for a film sequel to ape a little
bit to get you to buy in original stuff
depends on the Star Wars feeling that
the prequels lacked I don't know it's an
issue of copying I think it's an issue
of you want something to feel like Star
Wars you want the product to be what
you're buying to be the thing you want
to buy right so again I think you want
you don't turn Star Wars into like 2001
a Space Odyssey I'm not entirely sure
what the question means but are they
saying you like nostalgia how much would
be nostalgie do you need the nostalgia
um a little bit I do think you need the
nostalgia I think at this point they
needed just for just damage control on
the prequels you can't do something new
and wacky now right you know that's
probably true I think in this in this
particular instance I'm gonna say no and
toed decimals and smoogle thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do I guess you know like
let's let's look at the first three Star
Wars movies they they came out pretty
close to one another yeah
we're how how many like Return of the
Jedi didn't necessarily have nods to a
new hope right oh I didn't ever you
wanted to know if you finish your
thought well so so the the question is
here here we have a sequel obviously its
decades later yeah but it is in a sense
just a sequel to Star Wars
so it shouldn't really it shouldn't
really be based in nostalgia
it has nostalgia inherently just because
the name and the character okay and so
it needs to concentrate on being its own
unique part of the story not a nostalgia
fest that's my that's my feelings if
there's too much nostalgia I will be
upset okay that was actually that was a
big problem of mine with Star Trek the
Star Trek well what's what's there
between style and nostalgia Star Trek
the Star Trek yeah
remember when Jim meets bones for the
first time and he goes yeah my wife left
me she took all my money all she left me
with was my bones which isn't even how
he should have gotten the nickname no
but that was just like their clumsy way
of getting in the nickname okay
incredibly clumsy right because I don't
know that we need the stall just
specifically but it should feel like a
Star Wars movie yeah just the prequels
do not right alright well yeah I'm gonna
get some reading done here
would you get some reading done already
Krakow Keynes's crack-cocaine yes just
watched weird science yeah
and it reminded me of Mike's wonderful
joke pilato story very much oh that's
right because Michael Behrman is in
weird science yeah is the biker at the
end that you pull out of story it's an
amazing story oh my god you guys have no
idea how confused I was the entirety of
that I mean obviously you saw like makes
it wonderful it's just the worst it's
just the worst story ever anonymous says
rich is allowed to read this because
it's anonymous I'm not sure what that
means no that was that was against my
online ID thing oh okay I don't know III
like the idea and dealing with big
brother coming down and smashing
creativity and self-expression what that
is here's your ID oh how the only thing
you're allowed to go by online how is
that smashing creativity you know what
those okay that makes people accountable
for what they say online which one
dealing being someone who deals within
it one of Karen's friends online yeah
used to go by the moniker of too evil
bunny the evil body you know this posts
were related to being an evil rabbit
sure and it was a stick and it was
amusing yeah and then Facebook came up
you have to have your real name it has
to be a real and then just squash that
whole bit and I thought it was a shame
and it killed his creativity no you
could still have evil bunny but have had
on Facebook but oh no well what I'm
saying is in my perfect world of online
IDs right like let's you know like for
example like the fuck bought 5,000
Twitter account yeah fuck about 5,000 is
a Twitter account you could still have
fuck bought 5,000 on Twitter but have it
linked to an actual person gonna track
you down somebody who doesn't like you
and her issue in real life that they can
do that already you
yeah because you're opening with their
no jagdtiger is is no I don't I don't
like that idea at all I do I like the
idea of people being accountable for the
things they say you do online
you sound like Big Brother there's no
because by that you get to choose what
you do online who decides what is it
accountability depends on who decides
what is acceptable yeah exactly
example alright
toad decimal says homosexuals might be
afraid to engage online message boards
if they aren't out of the closet yet
sure but wouldn't that be the same as in
real life
oh so you take away their safe haven no
but it isn't what and they wouldn't have
any place to go in real life either no
there but they went online not anymore
though not not not with ID wow that's
pretty good to go all right looks like
that people should have the privacy yeah
I think there's some but I think there's
some frozen cons here
there we go I did I need it oh there's a
thingy over here I needed to be a little
more aggressive with my bow and arrow
strategy that was the that was the the
clincher there
don't want to delve too far cuz my
friends he's still way up there
nope not dealing with you I'm not
dealing with you spiders alright so
where were we where are we having blood
borne Jack what's what's her situation
was there status report I keep dying to
the same in the same part luckily like
these guys have a lot of blood echo so
you know my my like almost 80,000 lost
blood echoes it's just getting right
back up it keeps getting bailed right
black back up but I would love it
so before I don't know if he's noticed I
was here yeah up in this tower the thing
that was causing frenzy everywhere
outside the castle was a giant version
of that thing that's on the lady's head
okay just a pulsating testicle with eyes
and I dropped it hmm with this lever and
so now I think I'm going to fight it I
don't I actually don't know there's a
hole over here and a treasure chest well
how does a different weapon work on
those eyeball things what about the
pizza cutter oh the pizza cutter might
work better on those yeah let's try it
let's try a different strap sir the you
know the only thing is like the pizza
cutter is not built up enough and I want
to say like its strength shit and see
been a day to a spider
we're all right it's got to worked out
right I like my stored my ford fuck safe
spaces lady Denning says or people
having embarrassing hobbies they would
never admit to in real life eg my little
pony
I don't know yeah like I said I guess I
never thought about the you know just a
place to openly talk about thoughts
ideas feelings without without any sort
of judgment that is nice that is nice
rich Eve open my mind the chat has Jack
the chat is like I only played a part
you channeled through channel the chat
no I shouldn't have done that before I
fell out the window that was done with
me I just wasted a blood vial and I'm
alright I just used the blood vial and I
might fall out the window is that all a
secret area do you have to go in there
no this just takes you back down to an
earlier checkpoint mmm
so yeah the the window jump is a quasi
secret area I mean it's a big open
window is there a safer way to get in
there no no there's no well I guess what
is it what is in there that's worth it
here's what I'm getting at I know
obviously something you don't need I
don't know what's in there okay this is
the thing don't you want to find out
this is the thing I passed over last
time I didn't go in here last time okay
and you know I beat the game without it
okay so that's that's this is all like
this is if if I wasn't if I wasn't
streaming I would probably be doing this
right now so this is what I'm doing and
we're gonna go oh my god
they're good Albert Spangler says always
happy to see what bloodborne good luck
on the DLC bosses they are pretty
incredible yeah I haven't even beaten
the first one yet I did I beat Ludwig
with help from the chat is Lutheran is
Ludvig the horse monster he looks weird
I is kind of on fours at some point
during the battle he looks so weird it's
hard to say if there's some horse
influence in there no I don't think so
he's got kind of like a half normal
human looking face the monster I'm
fighting right now is like a horse it
looks like it looks a lot like a horse
what are we changing up when you go
there I've been here for a while I want
us I'm here I want to see what happens I
think everyone wants to see the new DLC
yeah I'll show you the horse in a second
- this lady ok one more attempt at this
and then and then I will go see a horse
then I'll go see a man about a horse
how about that I'm good been there I
don't think it was all that don't Oh
what's down here I don't listen I don't
know what's down here oh ok secret names
root PI The Magicians yes
a very important item is in there and a
very important ritual items even lower
plus high insight makes frenzy go up
faster well yeah your insight is 89 yeah
I know that's high I know that's
something I didn't know I can go get rid
of it yeah I think that's what it is
there's a blood Rock in here and a blood
Rock will make my bow blade go to level
10 okay I want that I understand blaze
that level mine and I can't make it go
to level 10 without a blood rock without
a rock lobster it was a rock rock
lobster no no no no no
I like that song more than web Shack
that's the b-52 songs to me I'm okay
with that I'm okay with that of their
two songs are you forgetting about
around the world yes I found the word
the one he did with Michael Stipe with
REM that's not around the world yeah no
I don't but I'm not a musical I'm a
musical idiot I'm a self-admitted
risible idiot I mean rock lobster is
great and brilliant and everything
wonderful wait oh by the way is be is
Ludwig the horse you need to be more
specific like does this look like a
regular normal horse keep doing this we
already saw Ludwig it it looked like a
horse with with like more horse legs and
a horse mouth full of eyeballs Oh shiny
happy people what about shiny happy
people that's a good one
I think I think that is because I do
think we big had a mouthful of eyeballs
there we go dad's already seen that
thing okay the chat is though that's
where I am in the DLC I'm just gotten to
Ludwig and I got my ass handed to me
utterly utterly handle handed you
described as a horse I just think see
that thing that looks like a beastly
blob he was a horse he was the house he
was a chatter grieves me he was a horse
ish man many horse like qualities there
saying he was a casual horse yeah you a
horse that says it's a casual horse
Jess also saying that was REM OHS REM
featuring the b-52s REM it's all I know
chat you know I've never been a big fan
of REM either I know they have a huge
following and I never got it that's fine
shiny half of people equals vomity what
what armored piece says I think the apt
word for Ludwig is monstrosity and I
would agree with that
absolutely yeah he was definitely
monster ass I liked him that and that
was the first boss that came across you
know what I didn't much care for you
know right before Ludvig is we meet
another one of those like giant tentacle
ogre with like the big cannon and that
was a little ridiculous yes but not like
monstrously ridiculous that giant gun
was fine the damn gun was fucking oh it
was amazing but I just was like yeah it
got a little that felt almost like like
medieval space and I know this game has
medieval themes and space themes but I
don't know I didn't I didn't much care
for that monster design any any status
on update on the space cop this whatever
hands well we're hoping to get them from
the people making them as soon as we can
as soon as we can whack man v2 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and I know that's
something we say a lot but it's me it's
true every time so we buy the crap to
stream it's true I wouldn't have BS to
work for you guys ps4 there we go I hope
I have a ps2 you can get one of those
for like 20 bucks now we should get a
ps2 well you have a ps3
ps3 plays ps2 games um no no we should
get a ps2 you there's great Peter this
if yes for play ps2 games oh they don't
do backwards-compatibility anymore why
not come on I want you to buy him again
they like it when you buy him again I'm
gonna wait for my friend Lee to go down
playstation to the best console on the
hold that have the best games is that
the best era of gaming PlayStation 2 era
you know here's the thing about the
PlayStation 2 it had the most game
consoles I mentally for as far as
consoles go I'm gonna say the
PlayStation 2 and only the most but some
of the best the best console games there
were some great a general sense well and
you know you know what else the ps2 did
that was great it was the first real
graphical jump going from the ps1 to the
ps2 there was that sharp crisp
noticeable graphical this Dreamcast who
had a dream nobody had it
nobody had Dreamcast reach out to
Dreamcast and now he's mad
I bought one when they've done winter
cheap right nobody had a dream good it's
worth it for Crazy Taxi and Power Stone
agreed on Power Stone
not gonna die to you this time fucking
spider fuck fuck this most-most spider
get out of here a lot of people are
saying snis so that's a fine system I'm
gonna say pound for pound though I'd
rather have ps2 you can only have one a
Super Nintendo or a ps2 and you guys
nothing even even of their era though I
would ps2 on top of their arrow mmm
I don't know this was great sure I'm not
saying it's bad
hey you know what okay so now you have a
decision to make
hmm and where you can only have a Super
Nintendo or a ps2 yes - I might choose a
ps2 only because of the sheer amount of
games there were so many fucking games
for the ps2 limited number force Ness
alright alright Here I am this is the
hole so the hole that I've been going to
I would I would mrs. Oldham link to the
past and Super Mario World I'm gonna
cheese these guys I'm trying to think of
other other games on the Super Nintendo
that I absolutely have to have and would
regret never had him played this time we
deal with these spiders that have been
killing me
but I think I think what this nest
there's only really two must have titles
for me mm-hmm Samara world it's my world
and Link of the past huh
I'm sure I mean there's a ton on there
and I mean I just can't think of any
better but Joji underscore underscore
underscore underscore thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do Danger Danger
Danger playstation2 you know you Grand
Theft Auto games Maximo oh I love max
Mentos both máximos so to the Enders
wanted to I tried to hit her with my bow
and it didn't work and I was really
upsetting to me fuck
there you go Oh Megaman x4 thus ness
yeah yeah now you talkin come on die
thank you
think I can make it I think I can make
it it's pretty amazing I think I only
have two sedatives so I didn't want to
waste it because I don't know it's next
do I prefer the Genesis over the Super
Nintendo no no okay so we got this
tricky charger right here what's in here
also nobody's nobody might agree with me
but as far as sn' s games I would miss
super ghouls'n ghosts super ghouls'n
ghosts mm-hmm twitchplayspokemon sucess
games might have better replayability
than ps2 games maybe what I got here
then I'll throw it up there because I
know everyone else loves the series a
lot more than I do now but I hate it but
it's gotta be positive or negative Super
Metroid which I'm looking like here I'll
take it or leave it
I like super metrid I know I got a I got
a bell that invigorates a party while in
co-op play oh I mean yeah it doesn't
mean much but so that doesn't mean
anything
Zombies Ate My Neighbors was also on
Genesis I think it was I'm pretty sure
one song is a my neighbor's yeah I built
I'm gonna go ahead and say that you are
correct
I have to drop down there chat Richard
you ever play God hand on ps2 somebody
sent it to me I haven't played it yet
though God and another notoriously
difficult game I think it's an early
Platinum game - OH
chat need some help what do you need
jack I need to know what to do this
looks like one of those like scary
blood-borne platforming sections well
look around look around I'm looking look
around you I'm looking look around you
or I am looking I don't see anything I
could fall unnecessarily except for
those cages and that that can't be it
right there's a platform right there but
that's way too far down that would kill
me John keel aside that said you should
play God handle a year ago I know it was
a lot of game it's like I got to play
home divers I absolutely have to play
Helldivers but I'm not playing
Helldivers I have to play blood-borne
right now that's just where I am in my
life wait is it oh that's the way this
is something new as a kid did you take
ages to pick a game to write yeah yeah I
did look over every title hmm this one
that was out we didn't have a place to
rent games near us
mr. Shia smell says I agree with the G
and G which is the super ghouls and
ghosts rich yeah but you wouldn't have
to miss it because you can get it on the
ps1 in the G&G; collection what see you
could play it through the ps2 hmm hmm
can't do a new blood Jim there's gotta
be something that's gonna pop out here
soon right there's too many goodies
there's way too many goodies over here
Donkey Kong Country and TMNT turtles in
time oh yeah turtles in time that's good
I wouldn't miss it that much donkey kong
country gets old fast
I mean turtles in time gets old fast too
but you can beat that game in like a
half an hour so this is gonna be a
shallow of me and I'll admit it but I
never played Donkey Kong Country because
I hated the way it looked I hate that
that fake 3d look I could be with that
2d platformers a you know you trade nice
clean sprites for this kind of really to
me really ugly rendered 3d look and I
couldn't stand that I will go ahead and
agree with you that I that it looks ugly
mr. glitch that was a nice find a very
nice find
what but you're gonna have a fucking
hard time getting at the run you may as
you may as well get the version that's
available on GOG what they found a TIE
fighter collector's edition at a thrift
store now you have something to the to
the right Bloodrock is what the the
chant is saying where we were like a
little wild it's right at the lady
that's right so I just don't want to die
I've made it far enough where I like
death
oh yeah only got three thousand blood
echoes you're fuckin fine I have 45,000
blood echoes and all of this shit I
think over here I think they want me to
go over here um not there but I think I
could drop down over here well do Knight
says is the ps1 port of James II good I
don't I haven't played even know I
didn't even know there was a PlayStation
1 port until today
so can I drop down yeah go to the right
take the ladder down there's a ladder
there saying was the ladder okay hold on
I gotta look for a ladder
are you a matter you're not a ladder all
right
you and her you're not a ladder I missed
a ladder oh you know what I didn't look
over here I bet there's a ladder over
here yeah I'm just scared this is an
area I've the one the giant brain was in
oh okay the giant brain was in here I
think this is the thing I like most
about the ghetto yeah there's something
there's Elvis Elvis says look around you
can you construct some sort of
rudimentary lathe put dehydrated water
on it commit see in 120 says there's a
blood rock in the DLC Jack I don't care
there's a blood Rock right fucking here
I'll use my other blood rock on my
whirligig saw where's the fucking ladder
Sarah star says there isn't a ladder oh
well then you guys are fucks there is
something over here though baby Slayer
156 says you missed my subscription
notice Oh
plus it's my 15-month anniversary was
well we missed a couple stars sausage
well rich can't read booze I got school
okay so subscribe thank you baby Slayer
one five six for 15 months whack man the
v2 wack man v2 okay wait I guess we just
missed then we missed a couple this baby
Slayer one five six thank you for
subscribing I could not make that fall
we really appreciated can I make that
phone
you can make that fall you think you'll
need the hill afterwards I think I can
make that phone what you're saying I can
make this fall hold on I'm gonna be a
full house just in case
so let's just say there are four ladders
there are four ladders Jub Lord says
you're cool to hop down I I don't see
any ladders big match John says you
forgot the anniversary the what the
anniversary I don't know that's someone
okay you think I can drop down I think
you can drop down if I if I die this is
on you oh no you'll be out forty five
thousand blood I cuz you'll make that up
no more so I have to get back here and
through all those eyeball legs again
okay you know I'm just gonna explore
just a little bit more maybe there's a
way down over here just in case I was
over here better go there's a way down
that I missed you know like if I get on
that platform and see Lucas says
facepalm why I don't know why obviously
there's something you're missing of
course there's something I'm missing
level resistance this is level
resistance all over again
jump down and roll drop down
it's probably for you Lord Bella bonds
wait
do you miss 1990s gaming I loved renting
games through that decade also the
Dreamcast had great games like Sonic
Adventure d2 Soul Calibur house that
into a sort of berserk do you miss 1990s
gaming do I miss it no because I have
roms but I miss I miss the amount of
free time I had in the 90s when when I
was a child gaming was easy
alright I'm gonna try this fridge you
fall farther to find the that real
hunters dream area look at that look at
your fine listen I was worried I was
worried about I know you were and I
don't want to fight eyeball ladies
anymore Bloodrock Bloodrock
don't fall down that hole that's where
the giant eyeball monster go that looks
like a bad hole that's like like like
Courtney Love that's a bad oh oh okay
it's that fucker
I am dull parts Stahl hair doll arts
that's a whole song I really like that
one sigh man yep Dana Dana Dana Oh make
me over oh I know where I am
I'm in the beginning look at this giant
spider the spider sucks I'm in the
beginning you really not that fond of
that spider huh no it's spider sucks he
killed me a lot oh oh shit no it's fine
everything's fine I'm just in the
beginning
so I came from there that's neat okay
this meets I know where I am now I don't
know how fast I can get back to where it
was but I know where I am oh fuck oh
wait no no no helicopter says there's a
new elevator in the room past that
fucker that guy used to know that fucker
there's a new elevator yeah I don't know
if it's in here whatever rooms past that
fucker well I came out here and I said
oh that fucker mmm check this place out
oh yeah there's an elevator there's an
elevator
I found an elephant cat but I got a
blood Rock blood Rock oh yeah okay okay
this gets me out here I know where I am
now let's uh let's see if I can get some
some sweet tasty blood echoes we'll go
level up cash in cash I don't think you
can love love huh I don't think you can
love love now with this no no we gotta
go kill some people
okay okay we're gonna go kill some
people it's only 9:00 everything's fine
everything's fine cuz it's only you know
it just felt like that took forever it's
what that did take this is by the way
this is what I'm saying about it like
you know that's an that's normal for me
like that's how long it takes me to get
through an area but now imagine you like
you you're a little more leveled up and
you know that area you get zoom right
through yeah that's what I was saying
earlier about it feeling smaller you
know the whole game so this is the
elevator that I was in where I where I
jump through to hold the window this is
it takes you down there
MC Lucas is saying if you take the
elevator down to where the brain drop to
and use the make contact gesture on it
for about 30 seconds you get the eye
room whoo that seems like something from
soft would do in one of these games what
the kind of crazy kind of cryptic yet
neat thing do I have make contact hold
on I think I have make contact
no that's not what it
Marius
I never figured out how to do it like
that it says they have like swoosh
emotions but I never figured out how to
do that you know it hold on X while
you're doing it
what oh yeah oh really
yeah you have to hold X and then do this
it's dumb oh great
wait so wait I can go do a thing with
the eyeball what you think that's dumb
that's kind of neat that's good
okay all I read was if you take the
elevator down to where the brain dropped
to and use the make contact gesture on
it for about 30 seconds you get the eye
room stuff to make my way through there
again toh decimal says aside from
blood-borne is there a reason to own a
ps4 if you have a PC no no no there's a
lot of games that are also on PC that
are on the ps4 that I think you know if
if you are I kill all these ladies right
yeah some saying it's true but it's
called the moon room so there's some
debate what and if it's a cool rune then
I'm down with this and I killed all
these ladies already so I can just
breeze on by so you know like if you are
on the fence that it has a lot of good
titles most of those titles are also on
PC so so no besides blood-borne there's
no there's no real reason
I have whole song is stuck in my head
I'll make me over do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do dude I think people are
saying shut up rich I guess I wasn't
supposed to tell you that I don't know
okay I mean that's probably something I
never would have figured out on my own
okay so there's an elevator over here so
wait there's so take it to where the
brain film
oh yeah well then over here flipped is
over a random pit in the area before the
elevator you took two Mikkel ash nickel
ash what's over here I never actually
figured out what was over here
I should probably open this out whoa
when did you guys get a webcam I like it
Thanks we like it too a couple months at
this point right it has been a couple
months
rich it was Rich's call I was just
watching another stream that had a
webcam like yeah that's good indeed yeah
why not
oh here's okay good so the the key I got
from beating the calash opened up a
shortcut to there great so now there's a
there's a thing over by Michael wash
with it no it's going since ow
Jack please don't waste time getting a
shitty rune you won't use do the dlc we
already saw the dlc and I'm at the exact
spot rich was already at so we're in a
new space we're in a new place here
there's an elevator apparently over here
down there I think it's hurt about the
wall it's hanging yeah
what's down there have I used that
elevator I know nothing
rich knows nothing there's an elevator
down there I don't exactly know how to
get down there I know nothing of this
room what's over here let's go check
over here yes just to reiterate Star
Wars The Force awakens spoilers we'll
get you a 24-hour ban don't care if
you're kidding because we don't know if
you're kidding at this point right even
if it is a joke you will get a band for
today and you know exceptions if you say
the silliest thing that no one would
believe we don't we don't care right now
we don't we're not we don't have time to
judge the seriousness level of your fake
spoiler right all right hey Chad help me
out help me out I want to get this room
oh we don't go that way and I don't
think I'm supposed to go down there I
don't actually know what that is but yes
I have seen Star Wars and they read
conned the fact that Darth Vader is
Luke's father that's that's changed now
they did a paternity test and Luke
didn't get us but is his midi-chlorian
from from from Darth Vader so the big
mystery now is who is who's Luke's real
father
wait are you doing fake spoilers I can
do it because I'm rich Evans wait a
minute
chat where am I going help help okay
to do this student
here and yes I am holding myself to a
different standard if you try and follow
that up with your own joke spoiler
you're out of here oh yeah these are the
rules this is the rules go back out to
that bridge okay
back out to that bridge our miller you
tell me where to go come back out to
that bridge the bridge that's no longer
there go outside not inside okay I'm
going outside I'm doing it
go on outside
outside not inside so sorry I was trying
to move away chef Oh the room with all
the little people and butchers oh yeah
yeah I know we're talking about look oh
look look at these these dog pigeon
hybrids the pigeon with dogs hands meet
crazy
okay hold on we gotta we gotta go to a
room with the butcher's and the little
Knights this game is all about the body
horror this game loves body whore dude
dude
so was that elevator I saw this way okay
I know what's up now I know what's going
on
thank you
these guys suck though these butchers
not like them
I don't want to fight them with their
little midget friends so we're gonna run
oh okay I see it I see it
don't fall don't fall don't fall ah it's
like a rich were you in a room with cats
in the clickbait video now my eyes look
fucked up cuz I couldn't get any sleep
tonight right now and then I have
trouble sleeping so I just had very
little sleep it was tired oh my god
oh my god
what the fuck
neat
neither a glitch I'm gonna say needs
oh my god
look at it oh wow
that is beautiful
after standing on the hand I have no
idea jack is using the hand lantern see
there's the hand lantern
said we have to do it for 30 seconds
she's standing in the right spot use the
hand lantern hold the gesture till your
arms change sides
okay okay you have to hold it for a
while that's Chris that's beautiful this
monster is beautiful there you go
just switch sides you got it and I got
it so what do I do now do I kill it we
should kill it right yeah we want to huh
I hope it comes to life at issue
that'd be great oh and now Ben do I kill
it kill it with fire well try hitting it
oh it's ice followed you the big one oh
my oh my God look at it
yeah it's just gonna let me walk around
it oh my God look at this thing can you
save drew wants to know if my tie was a
green-screen of the video actually but I
was blue I don't know if it went out
with the green-screen anyway sometimes
it happens right this is close enough
shade it was close I hate or Mike did it
uh Mike probably did it on purpose so I
feel really bad about this but I'm gonna
kill it mine it's a horrible eyeball
monster put it out of its fucking misery
I'd signaled it and it gave me a thing
isn't that fun like yeah
I want to know why it isn't bringing you
frenzy up though thank you think this
more than anything in the game so far
well this is the thing that caused the
frenzy all the time like when you were
running up to the capital
oh it just sits there why does it stop
is the question oh this is all I feel
bad about this I'm gonna do it cuz I've
already started oh god I feel horrible
oh god oh god what am i doing ahhhh
why were you just holding out there
there's one where you just like hold it
out and it keeps going right well that's
the big one it is it holds on it for a
little bit right yeah that's what I
thought there's one where you does it
holding out as long as you're holding
the button down
no it just holds it up for longer oh I
feel horrible about this I feel just
awful but you can't leave it half dead
this is my first time seeing this oh I'm
so sorry so sorry I'm putting you out of
their misery
oh I got a living string oh I don't
think I got any blood echoes for that by
the way that's fine
no it's appropriate it's very
appropriate I was great that made me
feel bad
fisted by dope smoke says I have paid
$5.00 a month for you to say phiston buy
dope smoke once a month for an entire
year and I missed my notification button
window for month 12 I'll be back for
round 13 you fuckers
well fisted buy dope smoke we appreciate
it
fisted buy dope smoke thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do I feel bad why
look at it it's horrible and probably
miserable left a bad taste in my mouth
one down says that weapon that salt
weapon does have a hold it does yep oh
hey hold it something move but if the
screens cut off I can't read it hold it
out okay I'll test that out as soon as I
get to a safe space
running away running away running
running running running running away
running we will go running we will go
running away we'll go run away will go
oh okay did it did it done no no no no
no no no well I mean not forever it
holds out as long as your Sam a stamina
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome a fun
weapon what a weird weapon read the
description of the living string oh yeah
we got a living string after we killed
it the living string yeah did that go
great this game is great I see you've
done some come on you got some vomit no
I got vermin uh killing people on the
DLC I haven't done any card oh you had
to do co-op to get those no I got him
from killing people in the hunters
nightmare okay but yeah have you gone
and talked to the midnight yesterday
yeah but I have no me and multiplayer I
haven't done into coop at all yeah no
neither bye oh I got my blood rock now
we needed that the living string hello
for a holy cows the immense brain that
mensis retrieved from the nightmare was
indeed lined with eyes on the inside but
they were of an evil sort and the brain
itself was terribly rotten but even
still it was legitimate great one it was
but even still it was a legitimate gray
one the LA and left a relic a living
relic at that which is a precious thing
so it's like it's like a brain stem no
it's like a living brains I think I
think the reason we had to read that
because it is deadly evil
it's definitely evil they were of an
evil sort mmm look at this thing nice
Matt great just all this so much you so
much you what is it Oh yellow backbone I
don't know oh it's just a shot those are
just bowling shards that's nothing so
you can upgrade your thing um oh no we
need to kill more people first
okay where are we we need to kill more
people first and then we'll do some
upgrades he won't give me anything good
sir start once a two-hour video of Jack
trying to read item descriptions try you
know whoa oh it's dog with the bird beak
you're not gonna kill me dog with a bird
beak not today not today
sometimes I have trouble reading Jack
thoughts on blade of mercy question
Burke oh I like the blades of mercy have
you ever used the blades of mercy I do
but I I don't have enough points in
school because my skill is balanced with
strength so it's not nearly as efficient
as just using me fix only blade right
the blades of mercy is fun so for anyone
who doesn't know and I don't have them
on me at the moment the the blades of
mercy it's it's a one-handed really fast
blade or you can split them into two
fast blaze super fast blaze super fast
blades in lieu of a gun and they are a
lot of fun to use yeah just a lot of fun
these guys like one of them one of the
moves I think at the o2 is both a stab
and dodge back at the same time yeah I
think that's kind of neat mm-hmm
shadows of the ermine guys yeah I like
that one of these guys look fun to fight
I know I know that was a risk that was a
risk but Obama says rich we need to
assault the bug homeworld that's true we
do I really haha I really just want to
see one of those fucking home worlds get
taken down god damn it I you know what I
logged on the other day and everyone on
my ship was clapping because they were
they the the a super-earth was safe I am
it was triumphant the birth was
triumphant at something
well we haven't we haven't won a war yet
we need to defeat blow those goddamn
home worlds how
you know there we go okay I think those
guys are another fun boss fight where
are they the shadows of yarman I think
it's what they're called
let's three quit it guys you fight three
about once their boss I thought those
were three witches after the forest yeah
yeah those guys there's also witches
after a different section of the forest
two witches that spawn other witch and
other type of types of witches no I'm
not talking about the witch the Witch of
hemic I thought the the three of them
met you fight I thought those three were
running I don't think those were witches
well those are those guys you just
fought really yeah oh I always thought
they were riches I thought that was a
witty area huh okay now this I've been
to before
who did guys that turn into a snake
hooded guys as you Whittle them down oh
nice if I remember correctly there is a
big pig over there is there's that pig
gotta give me that pig oh yeah well you
know how to pin has bacon tonight yeah
uh we're gonna we're gonna do something
awful with this pig and it's button just
in case
I got I feel terrible about that
I don't think it kills you when it falls
but just in case Thanks we're gonna do
something awful with that big and it's
but I think there's something down here
too oh yeah there's a thing
Oh No that's right okay I remember now
