Episode 455
Jack scratches his Bloodborne itch (part 3)
February 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb4INYuy58w
___________________________________________

all right great great great great what
is this thing let's don't check I don't
care about you anymore I got a rock man
I got a rock - wine - ring around you no
I'm saying that's what everybody wants
everybody wants a rock to wind a string
around yeah now you get it get it
no it's a reference to a popular 90s
band come They Might Be Giants they had
a song I don't get lots of references
you get they might be giants references
some of them I know that about you
everybody wants the rocks you wind piece
of string around throw the crib doors em
I am typically Jack very bad with lyrics
come inside like you say that I know
exactly what you're talking about now
the one you kind of sing it before you
sung it I was like what
article man particle man does everything
a particle can gets in a fight with you
roars man he's gotta watch the size of
the end man usually kind the smaller man
the universe man he's gotta watch with a
minute hand a millennium and when they
meet it's happy land the powerful man
that universe man I think I think I have
enough now but just in case we'll kill
some more dudes oh for them at once I
can do this
you're getting away running away I don't
think they follow Jesus Christ I think I
have enough to level up but it's like I
just wanna make sure fuck come on let's
try that again
I've learned my lesson
bow and arrow Jack that's what makes you
Jack I can do this I can do this rich
there they go
Vera for you says haha you guys are
idiots I love it
good as long as you love it
ah that's okay I'm running away and I'm
hoping like just one follows me I just
want one of these guys to follow me oh
we're all of them that's fine oh I was
that way is that where you stopped yeah
oh that she'd have done a full charge
one he would have staggered yeah I
couldn't catch up to her in time though
yeah strategizing you and your goofy
suit me what you talking about
first of all covered in gook and guts
and blood right now I look fucking
awesome
goofy suit if you're constantly changing
clothes you don't really have like a
stable characterization Jack I change
clothes all the time I know I mean as a
person I change goes all the time but
the completely different styles
sometimes do occasionally and you just
put on like a clown wig big floppy
shifts oh wait oh wait I'm sorry I'm
sorry for reference haha I was a clown
at the one point come down here just one
of you like this I like this I can thank
you dude dude dude dude
well this is where the party ends so
it's it's the exact same as with your
gun it uses the Quicksilver but
Quicksilver bullets which is why you can
charge them right but oh yeah see so
like you know you have so when you have
your bow you it's it's the same as with
your sword light attack and and heavy
attack here I'll see if I here I'll show
I'll show you a heavy attack so just you
know it just charges up
so do noticeably more damage that way
yes and and more importantly it causes
them to stagger oh shit oh shit instead
of my bow up so how come you're not
recovering any health attack
what I mean is that is that a quirk of
the bow blade usually when you attack
you get some of your health back when
you still got like nothing the brownish
kind of bar of Health I don't I haven't
noticed you were covering anything
because the brownish bar wasn't there I
don't think it was there when you
started hitting them was it yeah well is
that a bull bleep thing I wonder could
be a bloody thing I've maybe only
certain weapons do that or maybe it's
like my arcane level or something pigs
pigs
so now hopefully I can get this piggy to
turn around hit him with a strong bow
blade attack yet there you go oh do be
careful you run along with vials I know
but I got out look at all of them blood
echoes King vidiots says I listened to
flood non-stop while playing mario 64
donno why that game in particular guess
it was the only n64 game I had at the
time you know what I think those two
both things would work well together I
can see that flood and playing in 64 our
our Miller says yeah Jack your you're
not getting read regained for some
reason yeah I've noticed that too all
gain I thought maybe that's a quirk of
the boat played but I don't know oh I
guess it's a quirk of the glowblade I
don't know I don't know yeah yeah
they're so got a weird glitch it's just
affecting you right now run
yep that sounds like a great idea let's
hope he can't go down here what do you
think I don't know gonna go down here
maybe maybe maybe not mmm
right
never gonna make it nope
well not what I wanted fuck not what I
wanted to do this it's fine I just got
to pick up my blood echoes and run now
hey my talk lately about how much I love
the monster design
you mean like the pig with all the
eyeballs that doesn't have all those
eyeballs but now they have eyeballs like
you've made it to like yard ghoul right
and like all the pig all the pigs that
were there turn into those like the big
weird like the eyeballs coming out of
planter's yeah there those are the
skulls oh that's right they're like
skulls it's something weird and it's
beautiful skull of giants skull thing
coming out of a box yeah every now and
then you'll select box on the floor and
you'll walk deer and one of those giant
eyeball things will just pop out of it
no way it should fit in there
but it does it's beautiful oh you're low
on vials again that's okay this time I'm
and after I make it past these guys I'm
just running I'm running to pick up my
blood echoes and then I had a pig hasn't
huh well then I might be fucked then I
might be fucked but we're gonna try to
get him back fucker with the fire here
nothing you got nothing kid big-ass
clunky weapon going after my bow blade
don't be a son of a bitch
okay this pig we can deal with and you
know like I I like the bow bow lead
especially for making enemies stagger
from behind because like if you get too
close with a regular attack sometimes
yeah sometimes they turn but here I got
nice distance and up oh shit except for
when you miss like I just did so then
you run away then you just run right
away running away running away from the
giant pig then the skip scary pig all
Jack I'm so sorry running away and the
timing on them running away
nice safe distance and then you can't
close the gap in time I'll be obviously
yeah that time there was too much
distance
are you
Oh
fuck oh fuck you I'm so sorry did you
see me roll out of the way how many how
many blood echoes did you eighty nine
thousand blood echoes you know when I
strained I was playing dangerous I was
running around with a guy I don't sixty
I think come axion yes upper cathedral
ward is a great place to farm blood
chunks you don't get as many chunks
there you get a bunch of like shards and
blood shard too but you go there and and
actually that's a really nice mid-level
area to farm for blood echoes as well
god fucking damnit I was ready to just
take on that pig I'm bad with names
which ones the upper cathedral area that
is the one where you fight the the weird
alien plant monsters alien dudes the
alien dudes and then the the daughter of
the cosmos but you remembered like the
area before that you fight all the tiny
Cthulhu men and all the wolves right
what else we gonna call them the insight
suckers those fuckers oh yeah oh fucking
demon oh I feel so upset about losing
all of those blood echoes it just makes
me want to kill everything but I know I
can't because they're gonna kill me
first you though
you Oh
you though when you picked up my poultry
like a couple of thousand fuck you and
your fire and your big hammer things
fuck you and your life ah I'm sorry I
know no I know you nothing I can do
that's the game that's the game I was
playing dangerous to because I had it
you know like I had the amount that I
needed to level up yeah
but then I was thinking Oh like I pride
need some extra for upgrading my weapon
so I better get some extra and then I
got greedy and then I just got greedy
and that was a lesson learned not really
learned it's a lesson that I constantly
repeat you don't use the bow this time
now I get a little bit closer there we
go a little bit closer and then you
gotta go in there fast ah fuck you Pig
some Pig fuck you Pig Charlotte's Web
nothing I don't care I'm just pissed I
know there's a thing over there I know
there's three things
thing about I'm gonna deal with these
pigs it's a pig situation I got me a
rich I gotta kill some pigs because
they're full of blood echoes and I want
a fucking level up well you know might
help if we just level up your weapon
yeah I could have enough for that I'm
sure those are all finished
I know you're trying to play it safe
right I know I'm right I love
blood-borne so much you know I think
this is a game I never would have picked
up if not for the show yep you know
possible I didn't have a ps4 I wasn't
planning on getting one why did I even
justify purchasing otherwise it's about
$60 no I like I want to say is you know
it's different one of the business
expense
it is very different oh my god I do a
review how about this yeah I fit playing
dangerous - yeah you're right yeah so
it's just one of those games where it's
like I know every I know a lot of people
love from software and their whole deal
but never got into the Dark Souls and
Here I am just having a jiffy I decided
to make a new Thai fighter game made by
Bioware would you buy it no because it's
made my night and Bioware and care about
that but EA games be dumbed down shit
guys were the whirligig goes up to 223
physical attack that's pretty exciting
but that's not my weapon bow blade
level-10 weapon here we are
oh I could upgrade Evelyn - do you use
Evelyn and she's the boss I just use it
for stammering I accept my blunt
inches-7 Oh literally it's just seven
and Evelyn is heavy on blood attack yes
no I should upgrade her - okay why not
level nine Evelyn it's gonna help why
the magician says the rune you got from
the brain gives you 30% more blood
echoes oh that's right and I was um I
like I'm still on all my runes are
frenzied resists yes like not damage
resistance right oh oh I could you know
what I'm gonna just echo it up for a
little bit more but more echoes from
visceral attacks one that I get I got I
got a moon oh my god check out what I
could do here I could triple moon it
like a triple moon in so now I have now
I have three runes that acquire more
blood echoes so they stack and stand
it's nice I want to go far there's one
thing right even farming in this game is
fun
I mean bait and basically like literally
right past those pigs is the final boss
that's it
he's right past those pigs and I'm not
ready to go there yet like I don't want
to go there yet because and obviously
you can still go back after you beat the
final boss you can still like go back
and do stuff before you find potential
final boss potential final boss sure
well it was for me it was the final boss
for me yeah because I chose as I've
talked about I chose to end would you
say you chose poorly knowing what
happens um no no I felt I felt good
about ending it that way because that's
how I wanted to end it okay
because like I said just the way I was
playing the game that made sense
that made sense to like the character in
my head the one thing I'm upset about is
that like I missed out on a cool fight
or is like oh cool fight but oh that's
right and I still need to check on that
Biddy in in cathedral ward to get my
other umbilical cord yeah yeah I know I
only have one umbilical cord right now
the house a close one yeah you fuck us
now if I can think of a nice way to deal
with those other two pigs this is this
is apparently the place where everybody
farms late in the game yeah well you're
already at 30,000 exactly
oh yeah haha that's the worst just the
worst but they make you shove your hand
up a pig's ass who already have 50,000 I
can probably get it with with dealing
with the other swordsman's over here
without dealing with those other two
pigs I might try that can have a Dark
Souls game without overpowered Japanese
swords the others Japanese developers
for making a Japanese sword be powerful
I'll fuck them fuck them what are they I
mean what were they thinking whoa oh hey
culture that grows up loving the katana
and everything to be a partner culture
dare they make that a powerful weapon in
their game
how dare Doctor Who be British
whoo argh nice right that doctor who
what a piece of shit
pompous British asshole
actually well Tennant Scottish but
obviously played British hey hey come
and get me
gonna get me just what does it upset you
the blood bornus JRPGs oh this is not a
junior I believe fuck off
leveling it has...
it has role-playing game elements which
is something I like I like leveling I
just don't like JRPG combat and usually
also characters and story but definitely
I hate that it's just a boring form of
turn-based combat where you just pick
the most efficient attack and then you
boringly spam it until one of you are
dead and it's terrible it's Pokemon it's
Pokemon
crocodile brain says miss every previous
stream of this game
thanks for playing it tonight and making
me want to buy this mm-hmm love you guys
keep up the great work
oh thank you thank you this is just the
most amazing game you know we've we've
said before you know game of the year as
far as I'm concerned just gets
everything right come along the GI Joon
will be worst when it's stopped being
the real American hero and GI Joe became
a multinational task force that annoyed
me and I think my argument to people at
the time was well somebody somebody from
from the UK mine you know was how would
you feel if doctor who was suddenly an
American right
see if we can do anything
joy no do enjoy maybe sit down stay
sitting down the other thing worked for
the eyeball monster
spoiler alert you you talked to her and
then she disappears this isn't this
isn't the embossed the end bosses in
there but isn't that creepy yep I think
beautifully creepy scheme is good at
doing creepy I'm just gonna leave her be
I think there's a lantern over here
which means we can get to some things
slightly quicker
oh that's right the elevators only
okay
where's pokemon run to right yeah rich
where's pokemon run whatever you want me
to mash the a button uh-huh we'll do it
which pokemons still here I don't know
twitch plays Pokemon has forgiven me yet
okey okey spooky Dookie says rich are
you ready for that Ninja Gaiden no death
run yet I'm not ready for now I wouldn't
need I would need more practice I've
done it before
I'm normal I'm not a crazy man who's
gonna do that master ninja I'm sure
there I know there are people out there
that good but I've done it unnormal and
if I'm going to do it and again unnormal
I would want some practice run throughs
first sure get on it
rich I have to play I have to play hole
divers today that's really true and then
or possibly more blood but these are
things I have to do these are things you
have to do can we talk about how smooth
the Helldivers runs it's like butter I
mean it's not really a 3d game it's okay
which shouldn't be using a lot of
horsepower oh I'm just saying like when
we were playing on Sunday I don't know
if people understand I was playing that
on my laptop yep and it ran beautifully
twitchplayspokemon is--are oh I'm sorry
I'm sorry twitchplayspokemon I'm sorry I
was very mean I was very mean to Pokemon
I don't uh oh
this time it's lupus says i will donate
$10 to see rich play more poker
oh I I we have said and rich has agreed
we are going to continue his mega punch
run until I die to see how far he can
make it that is just the thing that is
happening we're gonna level up
and switch place Pokemon I understand
that the PvP is a different beast I get
it I get it
she who is oh that lady is mergo is
mirko's mother Queen yarman who was
impregnated by a great one hmm
it's great yeah what happens if it's
skill could go up but blood teams could
go up - no I got a mudblood team so my
arrows - I think I think Jack plans to
get the different ending this time where
he does fight gurbin
not only that I want to do the super
ending yeah were you enjoy Larry will
you spoiler the spoilers for the people
in the spoiled chat and a game that is
less than a year old
yes I'm gonna saw I'm about to spoil the
ending of blood-borne sorry
well oh no I'm not gonna spoil I mean
obviously I'm in the end part of the
game people have been seeing how to do
things right
oh so to get the best ending in the game
you need to obtain three umbilical cords
and eat them right before the last fight
yeah and I plan on doing that okay and I
got super blood-tinged Doughboy 7077
says I still can't get over Rich's
perfect Dead Rising run love that on
YouTube that's great I just felt like
reading that comment okay feeling pretty
good feeling pretty good about where I
am right now so let's uh I'll show you
where I am on the DLC cuz I don't want
to fight the nursemaid yet
oh yeah I want to change my outfit I
change my also like the blindfold cap I
think that's really neat but my favorite
is just the black hooded iron you know
or the all the yard ghoul stuff there
goes black garb
I guess pants don't really matter but
yeah I like I love that just being like
a spooky person I don't know if I'm
reading this name right right bainfield
death says why umbilical cords because
because birth and whatnot is the theme
of this game literally this game is all
like menses you know like it's all about
like minstrels stuff in moon cycles and
being impregnated by law because ulu
godmothers and babies and blood and it's
a it's a it's a thematic thing it's
beautiful it's a beautiful thematic
family and so you get a bunch of shit
which what's your favorite bad movie
Neil Breen and DoubleDown did have a
strong showing I still think I'm going
with the room yeah yeah DoubleDown was
great so you're looking for are they
these things
one third of umbilical cord a great
relic also known as the cord of the eye
every infant great one has this
precursor to the umbilical cord every
great one loses its child and then
yearns for a surrogate the third
umbilical cord precipitated the
encounter with the pale moon which
beckoned the hunters and conceived the
hunter's dream used to gain insight a
hand so they say eyes on the inside
although no one remembers what that
truly entails and there's like there's
little hints to this all especially when
you get to the the the lecture hall
mm-hmm there's like little hints to the
umbilical cord it's beautiful but oh I
got to talk to the prostitute see if she
gave birth yet
spoiler alert it's basically jaga
spoiling the fuck out of this game and
if you care at all this time this time
probably just to leave wintry when did
this come out like in February when did
this game come out a while ago eight
months about that while it's been out a
while yeah some people where did the
price goes down a little bit though you
should get it and let's get the game
look at these hacks who caved and got a
face can I look at us look at us cuz you
can because you can't just change your
mind it has to be selling out did they
say sell out I don't know why they say
words you say caved I think that implies
some form of selling out rather than
well maybe yeah well I to be fair to
whoever said that we did talk about we
did talk about not having a facecam for
a while you're pretty adamant about not
having facecam oh she's gone where is
she now
Johnny the tape
or maybe someone will tell me you know
what oh wait maybe she'll tell me she's
still laughing yeah she just laughs and
this guy's no help so she's this way
you could I mean like pretend you didn't
have to pretend not to tell me you could
have just told okay so there's a lady
who's Norton so these are people I've
rescued who are just in town just NPCs
in town like that guy right there you
see him sitting he's a dickhead by the
way this lady over here and then there
was another lady over here who every
time he'd come back he'd talk to him and
they just have little stories little
backstories this lady kept getting
sicker and sicker and it was great and
last time I was in here she was holding
her belly and moaning and she's a
prostitute and she gives you this game
is amazing she gives you this uh this
blood is amazing as president gave you
blood well no like there's so much in
this game
here's the thing so there's so much to
this game that they don't shove in your
face with cutscenes so like this there's
this prostitute she gives you this blood
that can help you you can also get blood
from this lady who is a nun and this nun
gets jealous of the prostitute and so if
you take too much blood from the
prostitute this nun will kill her out of
jealousy is it too much or is it any
amount it's I've avoided entirely if
well and only if you drink if you drink
more than three vials of the prostitutes
blood the nun kills her out of jealousy
ah isn't that beauty is like it's all
these little story bits this guy he's a
horrible dickhead and a liar and I love
everything like and they don't shove it
in your face with cutscenes they let you
discover it like if you don't talk to
those people you forget about them then
that's fine you just forget about it
when the game goes on did you talk about
recruiting the guy his his character is
he's distrustful yes and and that's
that's a running thing I don't believe
what you say you're an outsider mm and
when you give the option to rescue him
you get to tell them where to go the the
chapel or IOA OFS
I always pronounce her name wrong I left
I asked on the X cos I asked his clinic
yeah where anybody who goes to her
clinic spoilers gets murdered right and
if you tell him because he's distrustful
if you tell him to go to the church
he'll go to the clinic but if you tell
me one of the clinic they'll go to the
church yeah they establish that he's
distrustful first which makes it work no
it's well and this is the the thing that
the theme running throughout all of the
game is no hand-holding they let you
discover all this yourself whereas other
games were cheap and out and give you a
cutscene and here you never leave your
player obviously rich told me or the
pregnant lady was go to iossef cos Jack
I already killed her is Africa yeah yeah
I already go ask oh she's in a premature
labor
what do you mean prematurely for her
umbilical cord I think they want to give
you one from her is what I'm assuming
that was oh god here it is yeah I don't
have one from her and look what happened
look what she gave birth to look at that
thing
fucking gross as shit
Oh Jack did you notice this too cuz I
did notice this MC Lucas is ringing it
up whenever you when the prostitutes
back up in the main cathedral area yeah
when you talk to her did you notice what
the nun does yeah oh yeah but she peeks
over at you as you're talking to the
prostitute yeah it's great
it's in the background you barely notice
it you have to be looking for it almost
so now in order to get the umbilical
cord I believe I have to kill it this
can you get all three after killing the
nurse there's four you can get in the
game
yeah and you get one after defeating the
nurse the nurse made the final or the
final boss yes you killed it huh
you killed it oh I didn't mean to well I
think she just always dies too I don't
quit
Oh God so again well what did I get from
her oh shoot no well there we go
isn't that beautiful you killed a
prostitute after she gave birth to a
monster and that beautiful prostitute
who gave her give you her blood to help
you to help you that's a that's an
incredible movement that's beautiful
isn't that an incredibly moving moment
but we didn't have to right right rich
we didn't have to kill I know I know
that's what makes it beautiful is like
it means some just said yeah well I know
the word I use beautiful it might be
inappropriate or whatever but do you
really need them question mark Jack you
want to answer that because you're
spoiling the fuck out of everything well
that's what we're doing today so there
there's several different endings to the
game and the final boss if you want the
true true ending you need to consume
three umbilical cords before fighting
the boss and I believe you can't like I
could consume these now if I wanted to I
believe yeah you just need to consume
three and then if you beat when you beat
the boss you get the true ending the
true real hardest or whatever ending
but you don't need that's the beautiful
thing about the game is you could make
it through the whole game without doing
anything with those unbiblical chords
mm-hmm and that's great but then you
find them and then there's little clues
in the game and you could figure it out
or you could just by happenstance eat
them because they give you insight I
have 92 inside I've never had this much
inside Django $2.99
why because when you're a madman never
been there I've also been playing this
game with like full insight
I honestly try to keep it down because I
understand this makes the game harder
Esme doesn't make the game a lot harder
it's just like a few extra enemies I
honestly haven't noticed anything
because I'm so level let's go let's do
it let's go full what about these aren't
great one wisdom use boom 95 things are
getting crazy yeah the prostitute is
connected to the baby so you'll have to
kill her
oh that's great well if you want the
umbilical cord you have to go yeah you
can get you get three by other means
yeah it's possible not to or if you
don't want the umbilical cords no that's
great didn't kill the other lady who's
kind of a bitch
so yeah I already get killed I Oh Seth
God I did not know she had an umbilical
cord or DOMA and then I think we already
know this but what says go to the back
entrance of Iosefa this clinic and
you'll find her on a table in a room
kill her and get another umbilical cord
also the other one is in the old hunters
workshop yep I got the true ending you
you already killed Iowa I hate for us to
fucking name hold on I have iOS Co I
call io io f io stefka is Seth Kaka
you killed her early I killed her early
apparently a kind of combat and I just
had a regular fight with it yeah I went
to the clinic there's a good there's a
blob bobblehead monster there and then
she talks about crazy stuff and I killed
her did you even do you even know that
you could get no coffee yeah but I think
that's great
yeah no I think it's all great okay I'm
now at level 99 inside what can I do
nothing I don't know let's go see if I
can buy any weird shit can you get a
hundred
can you get on it don't think I think
nightcaps at 99 i think i don't know
i'll see can i buy any weird chip now
that I have 99 does that open up
anything to me well I can get a living
string would that be great if it like
you could only get an item if you had 99
no I guess not and everything looks the
same
can you get a hundred in sight
hi insight just makes the church hunters
in the cathedral ward do more damage
that's it that's all
okay just AIA set your safe car it's a
it's hard it's a hard name oh look at
these little monster oh you so see their
cones they're cold in their little brush
yo Yosef calm yo'self cap Oh mom nothing
works okay
we're we're going out we're going to the
new area new area go go go go go go go
I'll show you where I is nightmare
Church Booya crazy man Jack I'm looking
crazy man so I made my way through most
of the the West parts like I found I
found like the one weapon that's like a
claw of an animal did you find that I
don't even remember this oh it's so
fucked up it's just like an arm of an
animal that you can use as a weapon and
it's either like a big club or a spear
it's great I found all the weapons I was
doing pretty well until I got to this
fucker over here I know I got the pizza
cutter the piece I got a big hammer was
that guy I hate I don't want to fight
that guy he's I hate him you got the
fire hammer did you get the did you get
the minigun no I don't think I got the
minigun oh you got to get the minigun I
know you sure I was only in the DLC
briefly I'm just in it for that one
stream and then since then it's been
hell divers for me oh sure oh these guys
yeah they're great
do I have it on me oh I do the Gatling
gun you can get a Gatling gun and you
have to fight a hunter for it he's tough
as shit cuz he just keeps firing at you
okay so you've fought this guy here
do you remember yes okay this is the
horse guy I was talking about and you
know the scouts and say helpless hunter
do you want do you want other people to
join it uh you know what maybe let me
try let me try once I'm a little more
level now and uh oh I almost playing
offline I'll have to go online everybody
get ready you're ready for it see how
did you look at this and see off-course
look this guy's looks like a horse
look he's got a horse head that's
totally horsey and you see that as
beasts head
what
nah
not killing it not killing it hey
everybody check it ready to help check
out your we're probably gonna need some
help yeah that's exactly what he did to
me last time by the way but this is this
is Ludwig this is the guy who had that
holy sword yes the first hunter right
right but I kept calling him a horse guy
and we're just like what the fuck are
you talking about it's like it looks
like a horse yeah you see other people
are seeing horse heads to be bucks if
you go behind him too I see a giant
thing yeah oh listen I don't deny that
he also was I would describe this lump
that's all know he has like his legs are
very horse like you have to fight the
lump his legs are very horse like run so
the witch doesn't get me
she slits my throat you know what I
found myself using a lot of this game
pebbles yeah you know you're like you
throw a pebble at one guy in that that
distracts them and pulls them away from
a group of guys hmm nice dodge you know
you like that nope
wow this is gonna be a short one
Wow maybe you should save your hell
files for when you have a group of
people to help you
I can't believe my dad
Oh get out of here Horst guy couple more
times come on I that is like the most
damage I've ever done to him I can I I'm
bad at fighting Luther I've heard his
bad horrible tough boss well he is oh
yes I see the horse other people are
seeing the horsey - it's definitely a
horse it's a horse man man man actually
actually gehrman was the first hunter
Ludwig was the first hunter for the
healing church Oh
nerds rich get your lore together it's
important all the little story bits all
the little story bits that are just
there in the peripheral there for you to
find if you so wish well got a poison
knife yeah that'll do great damage
against a it's probably the hardest boss
oh yeah yeah
oh fuck you can also get an npc to fight
along with you Oh fucking witch almost
got me I paused at the door
that was a better - I felt good about
that fuck
like all cell bosses get up and dad ass
I don't think plus you have the moon
room sound - I do I have all they get
more get more blood echoes ruins on rich
what are you doing you're blood-borne no
lost echoes from blood-borne would take
too long to play for me to stream that
actually that was going on when I
streamed it solo I was in the middle of
that and lost it during the stream oh
yeah yeah two more attempts then we'll
call in the cavalry so but you know I
like a minute a half okay what do we
wanting what do we want it what do we
want here we want probably just all day
mark the time oh wait till I go in
obviously let's see here
mark the time from the time Jack is done
with his runes mark the time thanks
files he'll do it honestly - don't don't
just pause for a minute and a half
I'm just curious oh yeah yeah no I'll
try it I just think it'll take me longer
to like just to get there I I know I
know okay so we want more stamina
obviously don't do a transform stuff
what else we want can I get a visceral
attack on them but that's the question
or it's like I love the visceral attacks
you know like Betty they do more damage
or restore HP I love those but if I
can't get a visceral attack on them they
won't do me shit for shit so we just
need all physical damage reduction yeah
that's good cavalry what cavalry what
did you say I know I say things wrong
all the time it's bad that's a truth fan
that's a true thing whatever you
whatever and all damage reduction so
physical damage reduction and all damage
reduction plus max stamina plus stamina
recovery speed up because that's the
only good glowing Road
I have great oh oh I got a ton of new
tendon ooh I got a ton of new gems too
gonna up my gem game oh look at these
look at these gems I don't even know
what they'd oh oh look at that
yeah yes look at that blood attack boom
that's fucking hot
Wow we're just physical right no there
we go
that's great oh oh there we go
whatever is blue go blue go blue or go
home and now I'm saying give me you feel
me
what it's major blue wait what is the
down fact weapon durability down 51.80
oh one fight is that going to matter
make sure you repair it first or turbine
that's a lot of physical attack ability
to have 51% over 5000 weapon durability
down 50 1.8 that's a lot
not percent though just 58 1.8 points
and the blade only has a hundred and I
clip one that was - like 20 something
that's not a big deal it seemed like it
made a big difference and this is twice
that yeah I think that's too much also
we're talking about one fight I don't
know I know jack I don't know yeah
you're right one fight I just have to
remember to remove it what happens if
your weapon breaks do you lose it
I've never had a weapon break up you
don't want to take the chance I don't I
haven't either so I understand if you
don't wanna take the chance it's
probably just more to repair it right in
case it's not
making sure I have all the high numbers
highest numbers did he just put blood
attack into his weapon question mark
well he's using the bow I'm using the
blow which uses water back using the
blow I thought you killed the prostitute
did you take on her power get out of
here but what the the bow blade uses
blood attack and so I'm upping the blood
attack which is a good thing for the bow
blade let's just make sure it's all
repaired oh I don't have any echos what
are we at now 134 yeah you know what
we'll see we'll see what happens we'll
see what happens let's uh okay I'm done
repairing now I gotta get to the food oh
you know what I always do this I go all
the way around when I can just go
through the workshop and I always
remember when I'm halfway through go go
on to the hunters nightmare cuz all the
other headstones are down there
everything's fine everything's fine
let's do this I am ready rich I am ready
do you think I mean here's my here's my
time starts now
here's my real prediction maybe I can
get his first form down whether that's a
third or a half whatever his first form
is maybe I can get him down okay I'll
even run don't even run there we're
going for his first form that's all I
care about like you're saying no you
won't lose it by the way with the weapon
okay good
don't get me which don't get me which I
don't never use the blood attack weapon
don't know how that works blood attack
is the shooting aspect of weapons
usually I'm the gun but he's using the
bow so it's both a sword and a gun as
far as how the blood attack house
see any damage on that
fuck
fuck
Wow they're not even not even close yeah
does this game have stealth builds can
you can't you expect your character to
go undetected no they do have um so stop
your timer they do have this have you
seen this did you get the blue huh the
blue elixir they have the blue elixir
which makes still bodies undetected
don't think it would be practical to go
through the game right and they have the
I don't think you're gonna beat the
bosses that way oh no oh I did I had
some cold blood
oh my where is it it's great
do you see this
yeah I've seen no wasn't ever use it I
think this is more for like when you
play in other people's games oh yeah you
can like disguise yourself as a
messenger DPD you attack you know as
soon as he attack you turn back into a
person but in that funny I think like I
said before that's for like player
versus player stuff so you can hide
yourself yeah amongst the messengers the
hanukkah okay
go on blood go on full blood we're gonna
try we're gonna try a little bit
different tactic
run past the wit run pass away you think
the aesthetic of this game really is
gorgeous I wish I could see Jack and
rich in there as characters oh god no
this is not a world I would want to live
in
oh but what work
and there we go so I'm saying 933 why
was 933 yeah you know paused to talk
about blood attack so I don't know I
don't know now it's 933 all the time now
it was 1033 for us but I thought 9
minutes 33 seconds your time on that oh
it's a make it through twice yeah yeah I
can only imagine the actual fight time
was less than 30 seconds probably okay
so let's uh go into our network options
and go oh wait I'm playing an offline
mode I think we need to exit the game
okay can you just give them title no
probably do it yeah just go back to the
side online play online oh we need to
plug into the Internet
this is dangerous
what's your what's your health had in
that game like vitality actually both my
vitality and my yeah because before I
started leveling for skill I was pretty
even pretty even keel along all the axes
so so I'm still dying to that guy and I
did have help when I went to him in the
first place right but I don't think I'd
died as fast from the attacks I think I
lost less health relatively speaking
yeah but I probably have more points of
vitality than you do
oh no don't start the game and did you
start an offline mode I've had it
I have to hold on doodlee doodlee the
doobly is turned off and even though we
are directly hard plugged into an
internet we need to tell it that we're
plugged into the Internet carry Lasher
urban vermin and the new hobbyist 15
months in a row boo thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's really true we really do every
single one of you we've really
appreciate it putting out your
hard-earned money helped rich and I play
video games and entertain you all
hopefully we entertain you we really
hope we do we try we try to entertain
you
well while insulting people oh don't
find now I'm shocked it'll bother still
talking to me
I am Bobby Sam Oh bothers great login
area
now we're getting there we're going out
oh I should probably game back on
oh okay continue
we're just earning a little blood part
servers so I'm gonna go kill that which
I'm gonna get right in front of the boss
and we're and someone's gonna come and
help me okay
what's password did I have to make that
already I'm sure I think was already in
there oh and we set it to worldwide
password is prereq p re re c p re re c
all lowercase matching regions worldwide
great so now I'm gonna go I'm just gonna
go kill the witch just because I don't
want her to be a nuisance
oh you carry the Wicked Witch of the
West did you imagine
Wizard of Oz which looks like this
Dorothy going Jesus Christ fucking glad
I killed that bitch that's not what I
wanted
okay so now we need Oh God the beckoning
Bell use insight to ring and call to
other worlds for help oh my god there's
crows over here
fucking crows probably the magician I
know there's a delay but it's already
been set the world wide that is done but
thank you for reminding apparently there
are crows over here just make sure
there's no other monstrosity by the way
yeah I'll wait in this pile of bones I
have not watched the expanse on Sci Fi
is it any good try again sci-fi shows
are either really good or other garbage
is that usually the case would you say I
haven't watched then find a one a real
good one first game Battlestar Galactica
Battlestar Galactica was great
Battlestar Galactica was great did you
bring the Bell huh did you bring the
Bell
I rang the bell I can kill these
skeletons that true uh-huh I don't want
to they just they're not hurting anybody
here we go so I killed that I killing
that I made me feel bad but there but a
helicopter says if I kill the Skelton's
they give me blood files but I don't
need blood vials I'm full actually they
gonna kill skeleton I kill one I don't
he's lying
see there's like a little note guy right
here that you could pretend to be I
think he's lying about counting
skeletons the one banging on the gate oh
the one banging back on the game yeah so
I have to I don't have to stay in this
area to I don't think so okay this poor
skeleton look at him let me in that's
just creepy as hell of that great
covered in blood and goop yo
it's great all these like rocks with
skulls in them everything about this
game is the greatest but I like horror I
like weird stuff this is what drew me
over like even playing Dark Souls a
little bit ones I think are creeper the
ones just like normal people kind of
half frozen and rock what they're
running away from something yes we
really get the sense that those didn't
start off as rocks like this
architecture yeah there's a lot of that
in cainhurst castle like a lot of like
weird statues that are like sucked into
walls and stuff like so I never read the
comics did Jessica Jones and do the
characters justice did you finish
Jessica I didn't okay oh and I never
read the comics yeah I never read alias
but I really liked Jessica Jones as a
show she seems like a bit more of a
bitch in the show she's a bitch good
mean she's yeah she's a bit of a bitch
but it all works out and I'll you
figured out like daredevil had me hooked
after two episodes after that second
episode I was 100% into daredevil
Jessica Jones took more like four
whereas like and I'm not quite sure and
just the other day Lisa and I were
talking about like shows to watch and
it's like I do want to rewatch jessica
jones because wery watched all of
daredevil yeah i guess it's still good i
still liked it
anyone want to come and help me I need
some help with the horses
nobody isn't know he's gonna help out
here is their neck connected right yeah
we wouldn't be able to use the beckoning
bell if we weren't okay okay
I'm waiting to be connected no luck yet
I'm just gonna wait I'll just do this
in the meantime are you two close to the
foster or something weird I don't know I
don't know how internet works in this
game we just check out my just using my
blade a little bit oh my god I was out
before my last two boss fights I was at
130 something for durability wasn't and
now about 119 like that that takes it
down pretty significantly yeah so by the
way for anyone who will be joining in
here's my plan
I'm gonna hang back and shoot it with my
bow and arrow and I'm just gonna keep
you know this guy what are you I'm just
gonna keep shooting it with my bow and
arrow while it attacks and you you get
up in there and attack it and then our
combination together it'll be great I'm
trying but they don't let me come to you
walk to a different area there might be
something weird going on here maybe I'd
back over here yeah is it because oh is
it because there are guys
well the ghosts are like people that are
walking around right now right the white
ghosts I don't know I thought those were
like just ghosts people passed
or do I need to go to where I rang the
bell kill your internet with fire oh
there telling
cummick seeing them oh yeah like our
internet it's great
there's ridiculous internet here the
internet at the studio is good no
ridiculous we got upload videos oh I
know like there are days where I just
want to take my laptop here did you do
people have a bright password prereq one
word all lowercase P re are easy you had
a password before yeah we have a
password we have a network password
here's the password again password
matching prereq all one word all
lowercase P re er easy the ghost so what
are the ghost players in your server oh
okay you see that I still want to do the
thing we're like I can mutate my guy I
really want that I see a bunch of
players with like mutated heads and shit
and I love it save plates safe place
weights ahead
that doesn't make any sense there's no
safe places around Oh probably here
like if you're coming from this way yeah
well it's really helpful they probably
discover that on your own really quickly
yeah I know I always play an offline
mode ring the bell again I don't think I
can that's still the symbol still okay
okay are you doing ghosty maybe we have
to be near it I'm gonna go back to like
the area Oh see that see that guy's
weapon that scythe you get that if you
kill Ludwig in the best ending I think
or not Ludwig via the the main bad guy
like if you eat all the umbilical cords
and you kill him you get that psifas
weapon and I fuckin want that yes Oh
bother I was I was really just being
goofy we really appreciate you playing
with us so bother and rich there's
absolutely zero things wrong with your
voice rich I'm just in a poor attempt at
comedy because let's be honest about any
attempts of rich at comedy it's always
poor okay I'm okay with that
okay I'm gonna help me you wanna help me
oh we're gonna help divers spin I got
that achievement by the way I don't know
if you if you uh then this you know what
it was you can't you have to spin on
someone else's ship someone else's ship
so like you know how you like you're on
your ship a lot right and whoever's if
you join someone else's game an hour on
their ship which of course looks
identical to yours then you spend a
bunch of time to get the achievement for
dancing queen because it's ridiculous
okay so I know you you don't care about
achievements
I got a really great achievement on my
Steam this is just what I'm talking
about while we're waiting for people
join I like looking at like the rare
achievements you know the achievements
that you have that not a lot of other
players have in Helldivers I completed a
mission in under five minutes
achievement that's pretty rare one and I
like that one
there's something uneasy uh any easy it
wasn't an easy one it was a lighter one
yeah there was four of us and I want to
say a couple of us were were you know
knew the game more are you got come get
up that's the point you should have you
open this up to anybody it is open to
everyone
I mean blog the password oh sure well
you know we want to give people a chance
just waiting just the horse boss wait
doo-doo-doo ma-na-ma-na doo-doo
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo I
keep bringing it up Oh bother because
I'm worried you didn't know I was
kidding that's all your regular and I
don't want to hurt your feelings is what
that maids I'd like to believe that
it'll bother understands what is this oh
is there always there fight in here will
there be a fight in here
I don't know Comiskey and I think
there's just something weird going on
here and if you want to restart at the
PlayStation or what what's the plan jack
well here's what we're gonna try it I'm
gonna silence sciencing blank okay never
bring it again yep
boom okay so now we're gonna go to a
different space because maybe this
wasn't a good place to do it right in
front of the boss so I'm gonna go inside
where the lantern is that seems like a
nice safe space right
so now I'm going to ring the bell again
but just before I do that you know
network settings here work set to world
ride and the same same details the same
details so the password is prereq all
one word all lowercase P re re C now
we're gonna try to ring that Bell again
I mean I have all this inside I could
bring this Bell all day
could not discover the chime of a small
Bell
what who
no insight was consumed I think it does
until you find someone also what was
going on with the whole thing what's
happening around my feet I don't know
that that's what happens when you bring
the belt oh okay I thought it was like
some standing on this thing you know a
bunch of us are trying to get someone
with no luck maybe try rebooting the ps4
yeah we'll try it we'll give that a try
rich have you found the party cave in
the nightmare I'm not sure probably not
if I don't know what you're talking
about one you didn't get you didn't get
very far in the DLC and maybe I'll see
you cuz we started playing house I
reckon I started playing Helldivers and
I'm fine with that
this is Rich's second online multiplayer
game yeah I'd like to I'd like to I'd
like to say I'm proud of you you're
getting out of your comfort zone why
it's kind of sad
what do you mean they only gone sooner
or later but but you're having fun I
can't pick it up whenever yeah then then
someday like like three years two years
no yeah maybe even just a year sir I
wanna play oh there are there's nobody
playing that's what's gonna happen sure
but you're having fun right now then
isn't that great it's only great for low
got his whirligig okay kids there are
any spaces and the password before
prereq they're asking oh I wonder
nope
nope
so we're just gonna exit yeah rebooting
yep you know we're gonna close down
close down bloodborne closed application
closing it down you do that I think I'm
gonna ban myself for that fake Star Wars
boiler I gave Rich's funny rich says and
does funny things and I like that about
him I'm a contradictory asshole
restarted restarting hold on my gosh
so how you doing jet guys you guys
feeling alright doing alright everybody
is everybody having a good day
rocket League you bet it well you know
Richie only played a little star wars
battlefront but he's been he's been
really into rocket League and now he's
really into Helldivers and so I count
that as like the two you know the two
games that I've helped get him into that
he probably would not have tried because
they're online okay starting up the ps4
again you know the problem was there's
this control we need the other
controller here we go
I like this controller better I don't
know why I don't know why but I like it
better I tend to use this white
controller more than the other
controller feels better when did I
substantia me Jim I still say Jimmy Jim
I've jimmy-jam was a placeholder word
that I would say when I was having
trouble thinking of a word and I think
I've just gotten a lot better at saying
words like that so
as we've been doing this for quite some
time so I've just grown more comfortable
so I've just gotten better at saying
words and so I don't need as many filler
words like Jimmy Jam
it's my jam Jimmy
pretty good day I spoiled the entire the
force awakens for myself so I'm
satisfied listen just stay right off
that internet and that's tough for us we
are people of the internet you are you
are here on the internet right now being
a person of the internet and trying to
stay off of the Internet
mate server maintenance notice heads up
heads up
yeah we saw that Kojima's done you know
good for him
hopefully he's found a long home a nice
home a nice home to be in maybe someone
who does some good sony was a helps
produce Helldiver so they can make good
stuff Jack you Skrillex ZipZap thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
all right we're gonna try this beckoning
Bell again oh wait let me double check
that all my info is all the same
worldwide prereq you know the stuff
let's do it beckon
we're beckoning welljust beckoned
I just beckoned right this Pharaoh we've
discovered a chime restarting the ps4
has worked who's gonna help I'm seeing
Lucas approval he's spinning spin you
bastard it's great twirling twirling oh
what's that
what's the sinister Bell a bell ringing
woman what is that
I noticed that MC Lucas has on the
father gar skull had oh yeah
I approve you approve that how you prove
that that happened wait what was what
was it was that an evil Bell do we have
to fight to fight someone now
no you're gonna wait for somebody else
you have more than one person you can
yeah I had to really yeah that's awesome
why'd you give it up once you give it a
minute sure sure
we're giving it a minute rich you smell
good tonight
it's creepy that you know that check
behind the chicken sure
we're sitting and waiting for to see if
anyone wants to come and help look it
turned into a pirouette I like that huh
smooth look at who the sinister Bell
resident what is that what's the
sinister Bell adversary oh oh shit
what does that mean I think we have to
fight someone yeah you don't think you
have to do anything
murder
whoa
well we woke up that bastard way to go
why don't you kill that bastard while
he's distracted
well I if I would have thought about it
I'm distracting him so MC Lukas can
fight that's my job I think I'm Lukas
probably needs your help
oh my god oh this is madness
get him
fuck
Jesus Christ it's a terrible idea this
is exciting is what this is oh my god
you're gonna die I did I just died
I've never fought an adversary before
rich I've never played online before so
first for me too this is crazy what
happens now you have to do it again
you're being invaded Jack fucking run
for it
what's an info oh because people know
the passwords are they invading on
purpose
oh that could be oh I get it
well fuck well now that I know they're
doing it on purpose
are they still out there fighting no I
think it's some of them again I'm gonna
go take care of that which I'm gonna do
it again I'm gonna summon again if you
find the bellringer it stops adversaries
from coming so the problem is we got to
find this bell ringing I think you only
do that once you're here it says I don't
think if she comes until you summon the
bell jars place so I think that's the
thing is you can either you can either
you can there's uh if I'm remembering
correctly
as one of these
well oh I have a choir belt
I think isn't one of these things like a
like a be a vile blood or whatever I
don't understand
watch me not understand okay we're gonna
go back to the church we're gonna beckon
some people and if these fuckers try it
again we're gonna take him out no mercy
no mercy I was confused and scared I was
a little scared mostly confused slightly
hungry that's not the button I wanted to
press all right
or taking some fuckers out what's the
problem with the Star Trek beyond trail
or the problem is it's not the trailer
for Star Trek beyond its it's the
trailer for Fast and the Furious 6 I
can't wait to watch this I haven't seen
it I don't care about Star Trek's
anymore but now that you say Beastie
Boys are involved is it sabotage
basically saying it's random it's not
people on purpose okay yes yeah moon
front to the point Jack huh to the point
Oh any moves discover the time of a
smaller isn't it Bell great the bell
ringing woman rings a sinister Bell I
think this is on purpose this has
happened again
oh look at that shield I want that
shield MC Lucas how far is Jack from the
shield people who know this I'll get it
right there before you get invaded now I
just kind of want to fucking take him
out on purpose now I just want to wait
for invaders don't you you want to do
that wait all night can the invaders
come into the boss fight look at that
blue sword you get the blue sword
well that I think is doing something
okay you'd be ready jack all right you
guys know the plan I hit him with the
bow and arrow obviously I will try not
to die
try to heal
surprisingly decent amount of damage and
if I could hit him just right I can like
I can maybe stun him oh shit no good
Jack you don't good huh whoa fuck fuck
wait'll he's being distracted alright
seems to be the key heel oh oh a second
form okay
I can only see them second foam there's
no way we beat him that quick
Oh
yep okay
all right
don't be anywhere near that blade being
just in front of it will work you want
one to the side that's kind of thing
where he shoots forward okay with the
sword that killed me once I backed it
far away oh he's gonna do an explosion
yeah he didn't do an explosion he did
like a laser beam straight out that he
loaded my ass
holy fuck teamwork teamwork that boat
late is good yeah especially in a team
setting that works great MC and move
front way to go thank you both oh yes
thank you
hey get it all right jack what find his
head oh well let me cancel the yeah
there we go
find his head there's yeah go to his
straight head
yeah that looks like a head right there
okay
do you see the Horsehead yeah
can I kill his head should I kill his
head what do you think yes yes I should
uh that's the glowing sword
oh it uses Quicksilver I think it uses
Chris over blast to shoot forward that
is fairly rad by just look at that
that's a cool looking sword too while
we're here yeah chat people yeah just
just in case like this oh yeah
people people familiar with the dlc how
hard would it be how long would it take
me to Jack a shield I'm gonna get Jack a
shield Oh would you be able to guide
Jack to the shield you know what if it's
not if it's not close that's fine if
it's not close that's fine but if it's
close I've been eyeing up that shield it
really wants the shield no and you know
what I was just having so much problems
with him I think now I can find it on my
own but let's just take a peek did you
take a peek what's next
hey that was willing to stream edit you
just left okay I'm just gonna let's just
take a peek I'll see what's next
okay
so there's something in there the shield
is not close okay but it's before the
next boss oh that's oh it's okay like
you know it's oh oh oh shit
shields in the next area but only works
against magic projectiles it's in like
the very next room but the room is huge
whoo oh there was a fucker with a cannon
I was wondering why it died oh yeah
that's fine okay Oh like I I'm just
gonna explore this area a little bit and
then we can call it a night but that was
great thank you guys thanks you you
didn't you did the boss on your first
try with home with health yes I took
like three well but you know like that's
the I think that's the really neat thing
about the bow blade especially in a
co-op setting where it's just like I was
able to just a peg it and you saw like a
lot of times I would peg it and he would
go prone and so you know they could rip
his guts out it's great that was great
that bow blade is yzma jams all right
we're gonna
