Episode 180
Rich is Awesome...oh and Doom 3 (Part 2)
January 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rooKDEXJD5U
___________________________________________

audio now Janice Jax audio jacks audio
jacks audio jacks audio jack zaharie Oh
Cheryl what what somebody say how Jack
sounds you can hear me right right yes I
can hear you that's great I can hear you
loudly loudly should I should I turn me
down for you no I'm trying to work that
up manually on my end okay Jack's audio
is better now but is it better but is it
good nope now they're saying now too
loud alright see see I didn't I didn't
change any dials I just turned the
stream off and on that's great
I could so rich I could turn me down
from mine you why don't you turn
yourself down a little bit because then
the game's gonna be like non-existent
sure so rich how does this sound to you
do it again how does this sound to you
that sounds okay to me okay does this
sound better to you if it sounds better
to you hopefully will sound better to
everyone else well I'm looking at the
little green bars on open broadcaster
and yours are still going up further
than mine are okay I don't know I don't
know relatively if that may our great
chat someone in chat seems perfect great
let's do that then so I'm willing to
assume it's perfect hooray perfect okay
everything is perfect everything is
wonderful and everything is possible so
we've been playing doom 3 I noticed and
I didn't mean to sound I didn't upset it
was just one of those like like doom
three I liked it was more like I said it
was more questioning like Oh Doom 3 it's
a fine game it gets shit out a lot but I
like doing three okay I'm down I'm here
I'm watching people people say it is an
action II enough there's there's too
much temps at at horror for one the
horror parts are actually scarier than
like alien isolation sure
for everything there's plenty of action
mixed in especially especially later on
in the game you know I I just popped it
on right before I called you and you
were shotgunning an alien so what else
do you want yeah yeah exactly
you can you can hit an alien with the
shotgun done everything is great
everything is possible we're gonna talk
about control panels in this game oh
okay yeah yeah briefly when we get back
to it I guess I guess I should start
turning it on now you should you should
turn it on yeah great
you know I've brought up again lien
isolation I'm sure somebody just got a
bingo
for that you know really nicely and I'm
probably there's gotta be a thing on
there right I don't know if there's a
thing I there for hailing I mean we talk
we talk about it a lot but I don't know
if there's the thing on it as someone
someone tweeted me today a little blip
of Kevin Conroy yeah talking about
Christian Bale's Batman oh yeah and how
he thinks that Christian Bale's Batman
voice is ridiculous yes yes he does
well somebody from the told him not to
do that his thinking was that it was the
directors fault for not saying no that's
dumb don't do it yeah and I like that
hearing that from the one true Batman we
know I love me some doom which way was I
going or is that coming from and these
are all good questions and now in my PDA
I do by doing PDA the audio log of Frank
see if there's a so you just have like a
cell phone in this case I'm just some
pop-up it's just like I said okay I
think that's nice for smart phones they
just call a PDA economy it's actually
less advanced than an iPhone you just
know it has buttons what you have here
is the blackberries yes yes position
part is great the departments in order
to maintain our equipment what's
happening you can suppose I'm listening
to a log st. gotta tell you things the
log just have like combinations -
security habits uh-huh
I'm trying to see if I can hear the the
the code for a cab that I passed earlier
okay great
I found the new PDA but I don't see a
Paul Apollo Frank Della Hugh engineering
manager retire of my risotto
you can chat I've just alright two more
valve overloads in that unit engine no
bails Lucy Corvin that Bale's Batman
voice was not fine for the most part it
sir it was 100% ridiculous all the time
and like I can understand that from an
actor stand as you know our fewer and
and kevin conroy look up the kevin
conroy talk about it when you're an
actor you can try to find like a space
that you want to inhabit and Christian
Bale had many has mentioned publicly
that he wanted it to sound demon like
like he that's what he was going for and
he went for it and no one told him not
to and it's ridiculous and comical also
yeah I also heard that boyhood took 12
years to make and man what a feat but
what a cinematic they just don't care
about that
apparently big news if you care about
this sort of thing today it was
announced that The Producers Guild of
America voted as its best picture shit
I've died uh oh I'm sorry is this a no
death run no no and we have a subscriber
Papa cheesy ain't man thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
we love your cheese man we love it
I'm dying there really harsh my fight oh
well I guess you could suck it up and do
it over or cry no suits doesn't eat you
up
CIND indicates the producers guild of
america voted
birdman as its best picture and for the
past seven years they've been correct in
guessing what oscar it might not mean
anything and i don't care about awards
but a little part of me doesn't want
boyhood to win that's so that's my only
boat right now I haven't seen either
don't you have a shotgun can you I would
shotgun the shots out shotgunning me so
oh maybe you need to get good damn Jack
yeah I said it yeah you did I sure did
rich I sure did so when did you start
okay great
okay yeah Lord gonzo is asking where I
took my inspiration from for playing
Larry
Plunkett's son and feeding frenzy I did
have one thing if you watch feeding
frenzy as it as America I did try I do
try every time I act I'm not a good
actor but I do try and so it in for my
role I knew I was coming back from the
dead and I wanted a gimmick arm and so
if you notice every my it's my right arm
is all weird all the time and like
twitchy like it's it's bent in a funny
way and like my fingers are twitchy that
was my my little bit of acting there I
mean that was my bit of characterization
and I did my stuttering thing because I
figured I wasn't quite all there that
was my little acting thing and I don't
think J or Mikey noticed or cared there
you go probably I probably should not
have put this on the harder difficulty
oh holy is that what you're doing yeah
just making myself look bad jack
shame needs an autorun button toggle
dammit you know we can't blame people
are mentioning how bad Lucas's strange
magic was if you if you look at the
credits for strange magic that weird
fairy movie supposedly by George Lucas
he only did this story so story by
George Lucas screenplay was other people
and directed by other people so he had
very little to do with it I don't think
we can blame him for this I think it was
more just one of those like that's
pretty cool there was a you know kind of
like an adventurer movie with fairies
maybe we could have one of them named a
hope so I think this is strange magic
and anyone who's disappointed by strange
magic you need to look through your
priorities come on get on get with times
can't open this cabinet anyway Jack
remember we're talking about control
panels huh you played this right no you
haven't played this I have not played
this scene you see your cursor you see
your sights yeah when you highlight a
computer panel it's a touch screen you
can know yeah yeah I see like oh I don't
know what the combination to this one is
that's why I was reading that PDA but
like I type in the code and if it's the
right code the door opens right okay I'm
with you what happens if this is alien
isolation what would happen is it would
say press V button yes turn turn the
joystick to the left and you've
magically open the yes
no but this is like beautiful it's
actual like genuine interaction with the
computers in this game like you get to
another screen you can manipulate the
email like manually with the cursor and
it's it's kind of great the way they do
computers in this game and why don't
more games do this I'm 100% with you
this is this is in the theme with the
game world and you never have to leave
your character in order to open a door
you know it never like says okay let's
take a little break let's take a
cutscene so you can play the open the
door movie
they're giving you what the code is rich
do you want the code don't look at the
chat I didn't I see it I didn't earn it
I'm not gonna open it can I change the
difficulty I I made a mistake
you should QbD theory says puts it
absolutely correctly press Y to beep
press X to Boop
that's it that's exactly what a nice
election is to beeping and pooping oh
they're saying you've died three times I
know and this is like the first fucking
level I know I'm better than this I know
it I think partly it's being just
distracted by everything do you have to
start over in order to change the
difficulty my if I do I'm not gonna
bother Oh John B 820 my weekend is going
now thank you I'm a little disappointed
that I did not go to be Fest this
weekend unfortunately actually I was
just talking with with Josh and some
people about B fest and I'm really you
know like they were telling me about all
the good movies days out but I got a ton
of work done even though I I was hoping
we could shoot this weekend rich got a
little site yeah I was hoping we could
shoot but I still got a ton of editing
work done
really important or something for me yes
how many strippers that I ran with
quarters no I I don't I don't much care
for strip clubs I don't know if this
will be a controversial thing to say I
think they're weird
I think strip clubs are weird did they
make no sense I mean sure you get to go
to a place to see naked ladies right but
you can't should have by all rights I
should have you should have you
absolutely should have apparently at B
fest to get off of my strip club topic
someone was asking what movies they were
playing at because josh said they played
the Village People musical starring
Steve Guttenberg okay this is a real
thing is a Village People musical that
is apparently like the story of how the
village people came together starring
Steve Guttenberg and I must see this
movie that sounds amazing what happens
to Ryan he was America's Sweetheart
that's right sky daddy's trip culture
where you pay women not to have sex with
you that's exactly what a strip club
that's a great description that is that
that's a perfect description it's like
do you ever want to like did you ever
think to yourself man I'd love to pay
money to have blue balls no it's the
dumbest strip clubs are Steve Guttenberg
that's great a lot of money but then oh
you guys are doing a a stonecutter thing
who who made Steve Guttenberg a star
it's the Oscars every night we hae a
Michelle 87 you just subscribed for five
months in a row thank you we really
appreciate we had somebody earlier James
books that's a new thing twitch is
rolled out where when you re subscribe
you can announce how long you subscribe
thank you yeah I think it is and for
those of you who have been with us that
long man do we frown because those early
streams like if you think our technical
problems are rough now all those early
streams Dirk killed cat thank you for
subscribing huh you've been a subscriber
for five months what doctor killed the
cat oh god sorry I don't
I'm gather I'm I'm really good from a
distance in the Texas too small doctor
kill the cat thank you for subscribing
and even subscribing for five months in
a row so genuine sincere thank you for
subscribing yes
yes I mean let me try and dial us I'm
fucking embarrassing myself again every
time I play it for her to chew on this I
embarrass me I'm not I'm really not that
bad see doctor killed the cat is upset
rich because he has a PhD dr. kovac at
is the one who's had put so many hours
into FTL and still can it might not be
your game doctor so don't worry about it
Robert is our job Josh we'll come back
on the ground we had a lot of fun with
Josh in stream he just has a really
hectic schedule with work and we were
working on it it's all I can say we are
working on it what there's something he
wanted to play forgot what it was I have
no idea my idea for streaming with Josh
I'll put this out there just goes is
there is a there is a WWE wrestling game
where you can make your own characters
and so I was thinking it'd be fun if
before the stream started we've all made
our custom characters and then you can
set a royal rumber Royal Rumble to
automatic mode where the AI just fights
each other so we would all make our own
custom characters
and then set the AI to go to rumble for
as long as we want and we we just talk
over it okay so because josh is a
legitimate wrestling fan and so I
thought that would be
that's all but again it would just be
funny because you know it's all it would
all be randomized in computer control
itself more wiki Wars or and after world
hunger will just play wiki Wars and okay
but see this is here's the problem with
plus playing wiki Wars is you guys will
mess up Wikipedia oh I'm really really
hesitant to play a wiki or team even
though I think it's a fair point very
hesitant to play it again because I know
you guys know what's happening I'm still
embarrassing myself oh not mess again
dead yet but doing much worse than I
should
Emory 801 asks do you have any guilty
pleasures that the other people from red
letter media might make fun of you for
that's a that's an interesting question
I do unapologetically like romantic
comedies so they've made fun of me for
that
I do love girly pop music yeah Taylor
Swift
they love dailies worth nothing strange
lady average what do you what do you
places that you're embarrassed mention
that that's really funny
respond then it wasn't high art
all right yeah see I'm actually going
through the menus in this computer what
my mouth opening storage lockers sure
cuz this game is great like that thank
you
yeah oh no I'm not like all you guys now
are asking for like my top three ROM
comes that's the joy of a romantic
comedy is they are all interchangeable
and I can't tell you the name of any of
them but I just live just like them I
just like dumb movies like that the
latest Conan O'Brien Papa cheesy I love
it it's fantastic
I would love this frame that I really
like smash brothers in general I'm not I
mean I'm not the best Smash Brothers
player but I it's just it's a really fun
fighting game really really intuitive
Jack are you Rhoda aka Jillian from half
in the bag in before jump-scare that
sentence made no sense so try again and
rich save more often yeah okay I've kind
of figured that one out
I'm stolen Durst is as good as it gets a
rom-com maybe maybe it's got a rom-com
elements
it's a rom-com with the curmudgeon the
man so sure sure work all that around
what's still alive is Jack the best
anything player no I'm pretty good at
Mario Kart I might be the best moment
man no but actually remember we played
that live on stream and I got my ass
handed to me
several times I did enjoy Maricar know
I'm not the best anything I just enjoy
games and I don't know it's fairly good
at a couple of them but you know I think
if I was the best at something I would
talk about it more often but I just I
just generally liked games so honestly
right cuz and that's that's the real
thing is like if you if you hit listen
to people who own explai one game and
it's like that's their game that they're
the number one ad that's all they talk
about is all they obsess about that's
the rule what is that called the rule of
a hundred thousand hours have you heard
of this no let me add Google search that
really quick what after a hundred
thousand hours of everything or anything
you're the best at it
yeah the rule of 1000 hours that's their
10,000 hours that's what it is of 10,000
hours if you spend 10,000 hours doing
anything you will be good at it thank
you guys thank you jack and so like
that's the whole thing where it's like
Edmund McMillen actually just gave an
interview recently where he was talking
about like being talented at something
and he's like I don't think that talent
is a real thing I think I've spent my
life drawing and animating and I've
gotten good at it
I think that's the thing is if you spend
time doing something you then become
good at that one thing you spend time
doing and I play a ton of different
games I don't concentrate just on one
there was a while where like I would
only play Team Fortress 2 and that's all
I would play forever and ever and ever
and I got really good at it took 12
years to make boyhood so it must be the
best it must be the best game ever
you're right we are all experts at
whooping yeah pooping boop humor talking
about poop yes Colonel rich mustard I do
consider myself to be a jack of all
trades and a master of none
I'm I'm a good I'm adequate at many
little things not necessarily great
why are you messing up are you we should
be ashamed at our poop yeah never I
always I always love pooping over
American history to yours no get out of
here
candy smack talking about how we all
poop wrong oh no you poop wrong response
to that Rach our good friend Phoenix is
back with a very important question
there are no spikes in this case there
are no spikes in this game not are you
sure but I don't think there are I think
we might be playing spikeless game oh my
lord
no spikes in tune three you heard it
here first this is light breaking news
from previously reported life no spikes
in the game we are playing a game with
those bikes start taking this a bit more
serious now because my pride is on the
line
do it do it oh you know I have a couple
things generally throughout the week
this is something people should know
about me because I'm a weird person
here at my desk and if there is ever
like dead hair or like a time in which
I've lost to get it back rich get it
back her play plants vs. zombies again
yeah if I died two more times I'm gonna
play plant plants for zombies don't play
plants vs. zombies store does I do I
have a little note card that I write
down topics of conversation for me to
talk about in case there is any dead air
like this yeah and so that's a really
good idea
you know it's almost as if I'm prepared
and I'm attempting to entertain people
so in any case one thing I wanted to
talk about shocks me and rich you might
be interested in yeah
there is a pacman animated series no no
not from 1980s there is a new pac-man
and if it's a part of it and you know
someone who cares let them make it it's
not gonna hurt anything
what are they gonna ruin the sanctity of
pac-man the rich you guys you have no
idea how terrible this is they have
created a mythology of pac-man is that
is beyond ridiculous donut man this is
what I'm saying it's pac-man who could
war who could make a pac-man game or a
pacman weakly pac-man TV show who could
do that what kind of insane person could
make that I'm trying to find the name of
it right now please I'm trying to figure
out so what it's it's called pac-man and
the ghostly adventures yeah but it's
slide Jack what it's fine I can't
rich there is a there is a deep
mythology as to why pac-man fights the
ghosts and so I thought it would be very
funny I thought it would be my as I know
you have I assumed you hadn't seen this
show because why would anyone see the
show and you're a writer and I say rich
we need to make a pacman weekly show
okay you give me the premise to see if
it's any better or worse than the actual
premise which is not playing along I
can't come up with a complicated
backstory for pac-man and the chant it's
coming up with everyone's pac-man as a
paranormal investigator that's fine
that's fine
hey pizza guy Lowell XD Oh both fuck
rich and thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated so here's the
thing rich about pac-man and the ghostly
adventures pac-man is a descendant of
the awesome yellow warriors he is the
last yellow no warm beer he's the last
yellow warrior of the clan of pack
people and he's the only one left who
can defeat the ghost he's the only one
that can eat to the ghost here's okay
here's here's my take okay go ahead
peckmon is the last survivor of a
nuclear Armageddon on his
planet hmm and food is very scarce so he
needs to find food and the ghost of his
old friends want him to join them so
they're trying to keep him from eating
the last remaining food and he has to
survive day by day see that's even a
little crazy occasionally like some of
the food he eats some of the pellets
there they've been contaminated with
radiation yeah and when he eats them he
gets really powerful and he can actually
attack goes by the late those monsters
are clearly his friends and family
laziest non-communist thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
see like I think like you have a better
thing but so like the thing with the
pellets is there is a tree I just I just
accidentally clicked a button here I
think on my Mike I can not hear you at
all okay talk I'm talking I'm talking
it's faster it's so in the pack world
there is a tree of life that bears
magical dot shaped fruit that if pac-man
eats he gains a different unique super
power to help him eat the ghosts yeah I
don't know if you could I don't know why
you care so much about this it's just
it's a thing it's a thing that my
children every
and because I play Super Smash Brothers
with them and you know pac-man is a
character and that they're instantly in
love because here this character and
Smash Brothers that they like they love
playing as has its own TV show and so
they want to watch it all the time and
you know in general I I tried to like
watch shows with them to make sure that
the content is not a question of we have
another subscriber play FTL for money
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
I think they're trying to tell me
something Rachel they're saying they
want to deal I mean someone said it loud
enough to pay five dollars for itself so
so name it is it's it's a thing that now
like is is entering the household which
they're trying to if you can lower the
game volume lower the game volume yes
that's what that's what the chat is
telling me over and over again okay it
was too quiet earlier so I turn it up
yeah oh well there you go
certainly it's just it's just a
ridiculous thing and obviously like
listen
children's programming in general has
this stigma about it but there are there
are those like there are there are
exceptional kids shows like if it if
anyone has ever seen an episode of
phineas and ferb amazing beautiful
children's show and then of course
there's the other side of the spectrum
which is pac-man and the ghostly
adventures which is so dumb yeah episode
by episode you like dumb crap as a kid
I'm shooting your own sure I like to
dumb crap but as an adult all I can
think about is some
was hated to write this and they thought
this was okay
you know Adventure Time are you there
you go adventure time we watch Adventure
Time and love the shit out of it I love
adventure time it's the best show that's
a show i watch without my children just
because it's the best show in the world
but Supergirl I know yeah I of course
liked really terrible shape drama but
I'm this is all I'm saying is now I'm an
adult I understand a little bit more
about the the logistical aspects of
being in the creative industry and yet
here we have pac-man and the ghostly
adventures a show that exists and
shouldn't I
I demand you're right teddy KX I demand
exceptional pac-man content 80s cartoon
no there was a power pellet forest that
the ghosts monsters wanted to steal
power pellets from and he was like the
security guard he also works like a red
fedora for no reason sure sure I was not
on Yo Gabba Gabba that's a weird
question
Yo Gabba Gabba
again it's somebody explained this to me
once and I I ignored it because it's
called Yo Gabba Gabba
it's it's decent it's it's it's a cutesy
children show and it features characters
and big costumes and they're like
different kinds of creatures and
monsters and they sing and dance and the
guy who did gumgum style no okay it
sounds like something he would say have
you ever heard of the ska band of the
Aquabats
okay it's it's actually just by what of
course I haven't but many people have
even I have and I'm not a music I knew
of the Aquabats but it was it was it's
written and produced by the Aquabats
so it's it's fine it's that's a fine
show it has it has very fun songs and it
has very weird like celebrity cameos
like for example Elijah Wood comes on
and does a dance called the puppet
master and it might be the creepiest
thing you've ever seen
and it's on a children's show for
Network where he he teaches the
characters how to do a dance called the
puppet master and it's it's terrifying
but it's it's fine no Yo Gabba Gabba as
a fine show it has a huge ribbed dildo
monster absolutely that's exactly what
it is oh my god what was that what all
of us be scratching my neck and knocking
the mic around an accident yeah doctor
veca doctor vet cure no that was that
was Elijah Wood Elijah Wood dancing
do the puppet master oops
why'd you do I shot a control panel I
was trying to interact with that man I
just shot it if you shoot it does it
break the egg no because once you do it
that's interactable the minute you
cursor your cursor goes over it you know
you don't shoot anymore the trigger key
just interacts with the screen stick
Mangrum asks when the fuck are we gonna
get half in the bag for inherent vice
that just came out like today I think
for yesterday joke could have been a
joke check check your red letter media
corn and good he's good
that's right cock crocodile brain there
is a party in your tummy so yummy so
yummy
that's it that's a song in your gabba
gabba about eating different kinds of
foods there's a party in your tummy and
all the food wants to go to the tummy
party Jack yeah did anything this creepy
ever happen what's happening
watch the screen okay I'm watching I
haven't gotten there yet you're in a
creepy oh oh okay I see it the bathroom
mirror thing yeah yeah that's creepy
that's very disturbing that's that's
unsettling yeah rather than just the
alien yeah no I you know the I think the
biggest point that people don't
understand with our alien isolation
review and our our lack of being scared
is you can't be scared when you're
feeling nostalgic and so even you know
we played on the stream we played with
that outlast game
which is very similar to a lien
isolation as far as like hiding and
crouching and being a standard horror
game right yeah but it was in an
atmosphere that we didn't know it was in
a world that we didn't know and so like
because we didn't know where we were or
we had no feelings about the world that
was all new and therefore scary because
we knew the alien world we couldn't be
scared of it yeah yeah alien isolation
is prereqs boyhood you're absolutely
right we have rich and I have no
comprehension of how anyone knows like
that game it's completely foreign to me
but you know do what you do everybody be
cool but I was firing it as if I were
firing oh he sure is that it's like you
give it a little bullets and like I got
a machine gun right
by that logic horror sequels would never
work it's kind of true by the way like
usually there is a diminishing return to
horror sequels like saw yeah but by the
time you get to Nightmare on Elm Street
for you're not scared yes you're just
enjoying the variety and the kills the
creativity of the dream sequences that
kind of shed 100% yeah 100% that's all I
watched those Freddy movies for was like
how is he gonna kill people this time or
thinking about like you saw did you see
the first Saw movie no I really liked
the first movie it was very inventive
and it was different but then you know
when saw 12 comes out you know what's
gonna happen
reminded me too much something that
happened to me as a child so what's
what's the consensus in the chance doom
3 enjoyable or not yeah I think they're
okay I think you know like they're with
you they don't want you to die either
I'm gonna I'm gonna speed I'm dying less
okay good saw 12 the sorrowing that's
funny that's funny
yes yeah yeah yeah they all like or else
they say man or it's fine or we need to
play FTL or whatever oh sorry
pump the mic it's fine everything's fine
all the time it's no spelunker you're
damn right it's no spelunker I really
had a fun time playing that game I'm
sorry yeah I'm sorry father be warned
I'm doing it because it was the same two
levels over and over again you enjoyed
playing them I did I legitimately enjoy
playing I don't understand everything I
like a challenge
I like a fair challenge at some point no
Karen wants the stream monster party it
out okay I don't know a monster party is
doesn't once you're talking about what
that big goofy monsters that look like
shrimp in what oh yeah yeah yeah I'm
done I'm 100% downs rich needs more
beans bottles probably I think that's
another reference to the half in the
back okay
oh the oh that's right yes yes how long
with everyone I gave a collective sigh
when I found out what the premise was
going to be when you start digging it's
like really this is how we're doing it
alright that's fine that's fine avenged
11e volts as Jack you almost caused me
to have an incident at work when this
lady I work with said her son's favorite
game was five nights at Freddy's yeah
yeah yeah
oh is that true you know I haven't seen
as your punctuation in a while
apparently Yahtzee just did a five
nights at Freddy's 4 zero punctuation I
had liked it right I know he liked alien
isolation
bhatta yeah you know what to tell you
the truth I have not watched a zero
punctuation in a while even though it's
it's a good show and other things yeah
I'm sure I mean if he liked it great if
he you know whatever he's definitely a
human being with different opinions on
things so it's it's really true
it's really true he loves it prereq
proven wrong absolutely you're right
rich in eyes opinions are wrong right no
I have not I know he does do I
Yahtzee as a let's drown out series
which is like his version of a let's
play I I have not listened to any of his
no I've read his books I've read the
Otzi's books I know he's made a game
yeah I think he's made a couple games in
fact if you're interested in his books I
would recommend you read Jam it's very
fun like fiction
yeah it's pictured it has nothing to do
with games or anything right it's it's
about a apocalypse that happens in
Australia where all of Australia is
covered in four feet of Jam it's a yes
it's very clever and fun the ending is a
little weak but it's a very fun read I
did I also read his first book moog
world or MOG world which I did not enjoy
as much
MOG world is from the perspective of a
non play an npc from a world of warcraft
type game who becomes sentient okay so
not in the fictional world that's like
World of Warcraft but well you know yeah
ya know in in a oh yes in a game like
World of Warcraft in a fictional game
like World of Warcraft he plays an NPC
who become sentient okay it's it's fine
it's you know like you can tell it's his
first book and it's if you're a fan of
him you could you can hear his voice
read it in your head and so that helps a
lot but but Jam is is particularly good
I wanted ya dong at Li you watched it
dong Antley says he just watched man in
the high castle that Amazon Prime
pilot season show and he loved it and
yes I encourage everyone to watch that
as a good job they do get interesting
but impossible to root for anybody yeah
yeah but it's fun right it's a fun world
everyone's a Nazi a Nazi sympathizer or
something else horrible yet or spineless
yeah yeah yeah that's fun I don't know
if I can get at Astra show where I kind
of dislike everyone oh yeah I suppose it
does not have like it does not have its
lead it does not have a good no no but I
like I'm okay with that just because I
like the world I think it's a very
interesting world
someone else has done that before but
something else like what if why don't
the Hitman Nazis won the war sure
oh I'm sure it could be you could be
thinking of the book that it's based on
or maybe they tried to do a movie or a
show like HBO many years ago like 20
years ago now I recall something sure
heartland or something some name like
that John keel oh yes
John kilo tweeted at me there's a game
being kick-started called straight have
you heard of this rich no oh man it's
details need input it is it is a hard as
balls roguelike first-person shooter
randomly generated levels really hard
monsters very very much very kin to
something like like the first to doom
the graphics almost look like the first
doom but roguelike and and they're
taking a very retro tongue-in-cheek ad
campaign style were the like you know
it's it's a guy and sitting in front of
his computer who gets sucked in and his
head blown off it looks great it's got
strength and like like circle strength
yeah strength left or right okay what
are the roguelike elements like better
weapon
what not the roguelike elements are
randomized level up and have scriber I
see that totally and not Jake thank you
for subscribing for 6 months now
we very much appreciated see you get the
sincere thanks hi guys I thank everyone
all the time for from the bottom of my
heart I I really do appreciate everyone
I appreciate everyone who just comes out
I can you know it's it's fun for me but
uh Oh John kilo just just said the the
website strafe 1996 check it out it
looks really fun shit just see how much
rich likes it these are the Dave's on no
one oh these are the Dave's I know what
do you think of the Microsoft Hollins oh
oh you're talking about the die
I need a big fat health pack I didn't
get that recent message there the resub
message is a new twitch feature I just
got an email about it a couple days ago
so when you re subscribe it should have
a little option to announce how long
you've been a subscriber and you can
choose oh you're dead yeah yeah it
happens it happens
yeah what time is Jack 924 I think it's
I think it's a good chunk of doing okay
that's a good chunk of doom Atlas is
dead I think we've talked about Artemis
bridge simulator did you look into that
rich Artemis bridge simulator know where
it's a first-person perspective but a
game kind of like FTL where you have to
control different sections of a ship but
you have to do it from a first-person
point of view where much like this doom
game you just go up to different
consoles and have to press buttons it
looks fun what are we doing next wrong
something you might appreciate Oh
which means bunch a whole bunch of
bitching in the chat
