Episode 024
Dragon Fantasy with the Fiance (Part 1)
February 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im1taiQh4tQ
___________________________________________

engine aims we've been over this we've
been overthrown use real mange that you
didn't say anything incriminating at all
but mm-hmm
you never know what it's gonna slip out
merci Beckinsale is a bitch and then
you're gonna feel terrible Becky likes
white chocolate better and my sister
puts ketchup on her geez she does you
know what the fuck is wrong with that
woman I don't know she seems like a
normal sane individual other than that
wait we all want to create America one
day yeah we're like oh I don't know we
want to Great America one day it was no
you your sister and me Wow and we
weren't even a couple of the time we
were just friends I secretly pine for
you but we were friends
yeah and you know I I went on the what
does it thing called the Cajun
cliffhanger yes the centrifugal kind of
puts you against the wall by spinning
you around machine and then you stick to
the wall and in this case the floor
drops out there are other versions where
you're on a wheeled contrivance kind of
like what mechanics used to slide under
cars except it's affixed to the wall and
you go up but basically the right is
just to spin you around comically fast
for no good reason and you told me you
told me before I got in there and you
made me a promise that I wouldn't get
sick no you wouldn't get sick well I
don't think it you know I I find that if
you and you're on that ride if you
change the plane that your heads in if
you tilt it or anything then you feel
like the whole world has gone sideways
and and and like you've just fallen over
but if you keep your head perfectly
still I don't it doesn't make me dizzy
at all it's just feels like you could
have sure you could have warned me I
could have said something who's not to
look up and down when I was on the right
after I already looked down I got off
the ride I thought I gave you some kind
of warning I ate the other way I got off
the ride I immediately ran over to the
bushes and I threw up he turned a color
that I did not know people could turn
now rich if you if you've not seen him
which you probably have he's the the
whitest white dude there is I mean he
just the demands you know
melanin production I'm pretty pale but
he's really pale and and normally he's
like kind of a little bit of a ruddy
pink no he was like this greenish gray
it was hideous I've never I did not know
people could turn that color I've seen
you know I've seen people you know you
know obviously brown people are always
brown but I've seen white people with
red faces or with pale faces but he was
like a greenish gray so I immediately
ran to the bushes stager I staggered to
the bushes and threw up like I really
really threw up into the bushes I really
did feel guilty and then 20 minutes
later you know we're trying to get me to
calm down we're trying to get my world
to stop spinning and then your sister
orders cheese fries which you know
normally oh cheese fries delicious and
then she starts throwing ketchup all
over the cheese fries and I throw up
again I don't know what she was thinking
I really don't who puts ketchup on to
your face you could put ketchup on your
fries you can put cheese on your fries
but you do not put ketchup and cheese on
your fries this is the worst time
anybody's ever had at Great America and
you know people die there every five
years probably rollercoaster flies off
the track and murders ten people the
people keep going to the read America no
that was the wave thing white wave white
water it was the edge it was called the
edge there was like multiple times
though than this of Ride derail then
with something called the edge which are
some kind of a roller coastering thing I
guess I don't know I I don't do thrill
rides I don't like the whole falling
sensation like like my usual motto about
these things is you know if there's like
a flaming puppy or if there's like a
basket of puppies on the top of a ride
and the only way I can save them I will
you know I will I will endure whatever
to save those puppies but considering
that all I'm doing is just making people
who actually like these things I don't
know why but who actually enjoy these
things wait longer why would I put
myself through that and why would I make
the line longer so I just I really don't
go through throw throw rides I've been
on a lot of them and you know I spent my
adolescence listening to people saying
oh try it you'll like it you'll get used
to it no I just
don't enjoy to answer some chat
questions here mayo and fries is okay
but try sour cream sometime it's not bad
I kind of like the the vinegar stuff
that they have at Culver it's kind of an
interesting yeah twist yeah it's kind of
a fermented vinegar back back to your
sister though and her attention Osgoode
on fries to back your sister though and
our ketchup cheese fries I just want to
make it clear this wasn't like she had
two separate dipping things well no
cheese and ketchup the fries came
slathered in cheese and then she went
over to the ketchup dispenser and
started pumping with Gus so you had a
mixed kind of cheese ketchup sauce on
top of the fries yeah she had the
decency not to like mix them together
swirled but they were still together in
the same bite it is still eating I think
of this grosser than that is the time we
were playing truth or dare and I decided
to take the Dare and somebody hollowed
out a chocolate cupcake and put ketchup
in it that was worse huh but there's not
too much worse things you can do with
catch it maybe on ice cream cheese and
buffalo sauce that sounds pretty good
buffalo sauce and fries I could see I'm
think I've ever had it but most kind of
savory you know steak sauces or sauces
for sauces for other meats reasonable
Jack just tweeted rich you fucked next
time give me a heads up this is kind of
last minute Jack for one Jack I tried I
tried to text you the other day I know
you're you're unhappy fun vacation you
probably didn't see it so that's okay
but even in that text I wasn't a hundred
percent sure what was going to happen
today because today I had family fun
Christmas time which basically means my
dad and sister came over and we all saw
the force awakens together and I wasn't
sure what time they were gonna leave and
he certainly didn't want to be like
pushing them out the door because
doesn't see them that all I didn't know
if they're gonna stay till 8:00 or if
they're gonna stay it'll 10 and I also
apparently there was a message that
rich-rich sent me that said that they
were planning on seeing somewhat earlier
showing and I missed that message
somewhere I mean I believe you that you
sent it but I don't see you know I look
back through but anyway I didn't realize
that we had planned so we end up seeing
a later showing I didn't know and then
he's
how do you feel about si doing a
livestream today I'm like in a little
while oh you know now you showed up like
so late
so late I did but I didn't know that I
was that people were waiting at me I
didn't even know for sure if your dad
and sister we're gonna call him because
you said originally when I messaged you
you thought I was your sister I just saw
the message because I know I was waiting
on her to get back to me on show times
and what movie we wanted yeah and then
when you you message me right oh my
sister's asking about show times because
you asked me about show times then I
took a closer look oh yeah it scary yeah
so it's a little bit of miscommunication
but so what did you think of star wars
the force awakens I actually liked it
slightly more on my second viewing still
not my fav stole like Mad Max is the
movie of the fucking year
I'm not I'm not Star Wars crazy but it
was good but you care it was a little
bit - we're going to hit all of the
right buttons for the nostalgia trip you
know you need to put this side we need
to put that and we need that we need
that we need to hit that key so you say
this you say that you like Star Trek
2009 that does the same fucking thing
yeah yeah it did
same fucking thing oh they worse yeah
what I didn't like the second one the
second one's courage the first one no
yeah I did and yeah it was definitely of
course I've always had more affection
for Trek and Star Wars by the way don't
don't talk about spoilers about what
happens in the movie oh you thought what
you think don't piss people yet so we're
avoid spoilers no bad just your general
thoughts haven't sure people would love
to hear it was it was a fun movie as you
said they they they have purged the
prequel stuff from existence they made
no references to any anything there's no
Jared are in here they said one thing
about clones but then again they also
mentioned clones in Episode four
so basically no prequel references they
mentioned maybe we should have said of
stormtroopers maybe we should have had
clones okay but they weren't talking at
that time about clones like those clones
right we mean oh and a new hope they
just mentioned two clone wars in a new
hope rushes which was which was episode
two was attack of the clones
Episode four is whichever that's the
first one Episode four is the original
one that came out in 77
yeah they confuse it with the fucking
numbers okay they mentioned clones and
the one that came out in 77 yes but they
didn't totally actually show any moons
until the first frickin nose robots what
were those ball things those things that
turned into like balls
those are robots those were clones oh my
god the clone I haven't seen - I don't
know what they're clones of I haven't
seen I told you to be close of robots
well they're all identical so
genetically I told you I haven't seen
two of the prepaid and I realize I'm
probably one person left on earth who
hasn't but I have it everybody says they
suck and why do I want to dedicate six
hours of my life to that I just think
really I'm giving you a heart ever
gotten around I'm giving you a hard time
robots aren't clones okay trade the
little ball guys the ones that I had the
Lego that neat LEGO Technic ball robot
thing that kind of didn't want to stay
together quite right but if you did him
just right you kind of rolled them and
he popped up and they're like shootie
position that was a robot not a clone
okay
and over those things called the droid
cos or something like that
okay how was it explained in 1977 that
the first episode was episode forward
and people think that was weird here's
here's a bit of trivia for you when a
new hope came out it was not in the in
the credits crawl unlike the theatrical
version it was not called episode 4 it
just had a new hope
I don't think the episode came in with
the tag you know episode for a new hope
until Empire Strikes Back was the thing
and I got released in video and then I
think that kinda destroyed Jabba the
Hutt I like the old Chava the old giant
fat immobile ways from yeah from Jenna
yeah but then they when they when they
redid then all the guys do yeah yeah
when when they put it on DVD I think I
think I think episode four came in I'm
like the earliest home video releases or
something I know it wasn't in 77 in the
theater I don't think episode four was
in there somebody saying 79 was the
first time I was called episode four
okay so there's that I'm the luckiest
person on earth for never saying that
the episode two in theory yes see that's
what everybody says which is why I just
never really made it a priority to see
them sometimes I think maybe I should
see him and then I think everybody says
they suck why they made rich just like
Star Wars yeah I think Star Wars made me
dislike Star Wars because I came to
realize the prequels is kind of what the
Star Wars is all about mumbo-jumbo
nonsense force fuckery you didn't like
the whole idea that it was like some
kind of aristocratic blood blood bugs or
something and back and that likes some
kind of ephemeral well that wasn't
really in the universe that was an
annoying change but I tend to like my
science fiction a bit harder okay more
like the Martian yeah or I can't
name-drop enough relative to Star Wars
even Star Trek is hard science well
relatively speaking sure even the
original I suppose although more so with
the later iterations
right so you want to play this game this
time it's loop is not this Karen Mitch
I'm sorry
house
so what does this game this is dragon
fantasy the volumes of what's West area
which i think is not the one I've played
before but it's it's Dragon Warrior
final fantasy kind of homage in pseudo a
bit with probably pseudo MIT at MIDI
music and you know you're gonna play
whatever non-copyright-infringing
version of blue slime oh boy oh boy he's
not a big fan of the original I mean
I'll admit there's a lot of grind you
know it's kind of even gonna replay some
of the stuff where you gotta get some
stuff over and over again while you're
doing other things
mhm you can have a conversation while
you're you know killing more slime to
build up head points I started the game
see if you like it
sure see here's a controller start new
game Ogden's story oh I think maybe this
is a it may be that this is actually a
compendium of of several dragon fantasy
games mostly me the first one oh all in
the bald here he's like he had his hair
burned off by a dragon so now he's bald
it's got a sense of humor it's cute I
mean I you know I'm kind of nostalgic
for Dragon Warrior I got it for free
with my subscription renewal to renewal
to ah Nintendo Power
they came with like maps and swag back
and my beloved table of us today's a
great day
oh this is the Queen this should be you
yep today is a great day because of
course the Queen s say have you done
warm before more Julia Child's aspect to
it
I'm have people in Worcester today's
really marvelous I have been your Queen
for some time but it is time to pass the
torch
and by torch I mean dad I mean Carl you
see today is our Prince Marlins 25th
birthday and today we celebrate his
manhood okay it could be taking more
than one way today we crown Marlin the
new king of Westar my son you have still
a woman right my son you have stood
before your people as a fine boy but now
Prince Marlin I crown thee Oh from the
baddies holy master monsters odd didn't
save us oh how am I getting you the bald
guy when the bald guy yeah yeah fresh
meat
big disappears before you I guess you're
gonna have to select fight and then the
most powerful attack then you just have
to do that over and over that little
he's dead no I think he actually kicks
my ass memory serves
oh you've played this one yeah this is
the one I didn't realize it I think this
is actually more than one game I don't
think this is the classic Dragon Warrior
game stream no no this isn't I never
said it was but this is the one that I
have played before so you've played okay
this there's eye because it had it I
think it had a difference I had the one
that I had had ed bought on google play
was was this one mmm but this had the
title something wisteria and in words
what I borrow Mughal played just said
dragon fantasy okay but it looks like
dragon fantasy is part of a package here
The Chronicles of wisteria appears to
include more than one thing
because this is exactly how it starts so
I'm pretty sure it's good they're
actually giving you more than one game
great very cheap price very cheap price
because I believe I paid five bucks for
the for just the first one this just
doesn't have a more elaborate name than
you thought or this version might have a
different name I think I'm pretty sure
well maybe I don't know but I look like
they were different I don't know I don't
think so but I don't know and of course
you know there's a game you can talk to
people there's a different somewhat
similar game I've been playing with Jack
called undertale where there's always a
pacifist option like well you can choose
to fight them but you can also choose to
make friends oh this is completely
unrelated but you might be interested
Amazon Studios has a game that sounds
like kind of like a thief but it's free
enjoyed so I'm not sure I'll stop you
can be with your finger so my what
you're saying is my finger can't be
missed
Thank You Charles tend to be less
precise see my finger isn't precise no
no I'm saying that this touchscreens
tend to be less precise than then your
computer keyboard is okay
Caryn's too pure for these jokes
so he can't stop screaming what she had
to say she can't stop screaming either I
suppose this guy can't stop screaming
is it Captain America America can you
stop screaming apparently not
hello old fart how about you
can't stop screaming and you can't stop
screaming I am NOT gonna bother with the
other ones any say how do I get out of
can i these people just in my way
probably not
alright so I have to go back and get my
ass kicked or something have you talked
to the Queen
schmuck hi folks Munsters what are a
bunch of stupid smelly monsters doing
here
attacking you nope wha haha look at the
filthy humans run look at the filthy
human I think it's a different - oh
right the other one had different name
it's not the screaming I'm going to be
sick are we too loud let me know four
too loud and which one of us is it both
of us hey Craig voter both are voices up
a bit because I I noticed in the last
stream I did with Karen we were both
pretty quiet I'm not I can be a bit of a
mumbler but obviously when I'm you like
you're soft-spoken okay
I think it's me that kills them when I
get out you know that you know the power
of my voice but you know if this stream
would be more enjoyable for all parties
and joking aside if huggy snuggle says
it's perfect okay it seems seems to be
that the general consensus is that
things are fine except for terrible
thighs out he apparently wants to have
his eardrums burst as well who says that
we should scream louder the party earned
10 experience and but we want something
monsters wait wait wait oh here comes
what's-his-face in this little portal
syan of Westar was the first one big so
I guess they were biggs and wedge yeah
Star Wars names yep wedge is a x-wing
pilot I guess so it was Biggs they were
both x-wing pilots but biggest was
Luke's friend on Tatooine it's see I
took four there's a lot of like new
references in the Dark Knight yeah
oh my god this game's gonna be full it
didn't of course where's-where's there
in Anders I don't know I never got
around to playing to a little game and I
keep meaning to him
so we're competing with awesome games
done quick today what's that it's the
speedrunning marathon for charity I said
that a game speedrunning or assist
running through a particular game
different games whole bunch of different
games okay and this is currently just
dreaming at the same time I'm sure it's
on the main page of twitch but yes
that's that's going on this week I just
started today so so when you're
listening to us orphans are starving or
oh yeah people are bag somewhere well I
want to talk to Jack see if we can take
some pre-work money and donate all the
streams going on I think they're doing
like they're giving away to some kind of
cancer maturity yeah then we wouldn't
solely be like you know makes it not
zero-sum or something
such a pity you couldn't even manage to
give me a scratch I shudder to think
what would happen to you where I to
where I come from best you just sit back
and relax
I would I would want to say things
donated today will give to the the
charity that they're doing but I should
really talk to Jack about that first
ya know hopefully Jack's back before
it's over cuz I would like to do that
like every everything we get today will
go to adgq but I'm not I'm not doing
that without Jack yeah
and if for some reason jack isn't
amenable to that I'm sure you can work
out something for you
benefit them in some fashion pretty beat
up I should really try to rest here
before I go anywhere just donate
directly to the charity don't go through
agdq there are threads about how the
money is spent hmm I could link I would
like to see Lane but I probably gonna
miss it
now if you'd like it now open
interesting
Jack isn't my second wife but he is my
business partner and I can't just go
willy-nilly throwing away our money yeah
it would be you would be although Jack
is is certainly a generous fellow and on
board with good causes and such not it
you don't do things in his name without
asking him and this would be half in his
name all right am i rested can I throw
myself in the fire ouch yeah it's a
start
can I read a book book can discovers it
to be quite boring woman place simple
who can discuss it to be quite boring I
guess he's not much of a reader what's
in here booze all didn't close around in
the wardrobe doesn't find anything he'd
look particularly good in I don't he'd
look good in anything
I think he's bald bald you have
something against balding men no he's
exactly as tall as he is wide and his
fists are bizarrely oversized and his
legs are too small that's every
character in this game you know alright
I guess by what with stereo standard
he's normal-looking hi dude
you look pretty beat up I tell you what
against my better judgment whoops didn't
hit that against no hogging all the
covers there's a spare bed hopefully
there are no like fleas or bedbugs this
isn't this the Middle Ages
wow you're finally up I thought you're
gonna sleep all day
introduce my co-host doesn't everybody
know Karen my no no we're not married
yet Karen is my lady love Karen is the
fiancee I put a ring on her finger
yep I got that song stuck in my head
how much do you regret it do I regret it
you know we've been together for a long
time you know very long time I really
can't imagine us not being together
Karen's damn near a regular at this
point wonderf if there was a time I
logged in from from my house via Skype
mm-hmm
and then there was the time we were
playing the drug game dr. Mario the drug
game the pill rotation game yeah dr.
Mario and then we were we were playing
there was a time that Jack was here and
we were playing monster party monster
party and Dino Riki and then last time I
was here what we don't punch it
everything said burning game oh right um
little little Inferno fireplace game I'm
just going to assume Karen hasn't seen
the trailer for monkey up I have no idea
what monkey off is at all is that like
manna except monkeys don't know I
haven't seen it I haven't even heard of
it
it sound like banana flavored 7up awful
Karen they want to know when the next
blanket review is I have no idea
tomorrow the next play cat review is
tomorrow that the fuck
rich you're killing my speakers well
fortunately your speakers have a knob
and you can turn this knob so that my
voice doesn't kill your speakers oh
maybe they wouldn't be able to hear me
so maybe I should start screaming -
maybe I should put my microphone in my
face I'll move my microwave in see other
people say some fun I'm gonna move into
a medium distance from my from my mouth
and you know different people have
different sound systems different
settings different tolerances for I mean
I'm you know I'm the one who wears
earplugs the movie theater because I
don't like all these no oversized I mean
I know people love the you know booming
movie theater speaker experience it's
like an explosion right there in the
room with you me not so much
Oh buy stuff and I buy stuff hello sir
need to stab something I got some great
stab intervals here were audio opposites
yeah um I'm loud and deaf and you're
quiet and super sensitive to any noise
yeah no matter how can annoys me
microscopic I guess not ultrasonic
ultrasonic would be like I think
involving the frequency okay Rico
you'd be ultrasonic I'm not ultrasonic
Caron can hear ultrasonic noise there
I've said it
okay and I can see through walls again
no but I can't probably hear an
ultrasonic frequencies either but I
don't think ultrasonic ultrasound has to
do with volume it has to do with which
is like the radar Center louder than
Karen I'm always at least four percent
louder and Karen usually usually more
but whose volume would it be good to
increase when we decrease his increase
ours
yes but we are a good pairing in many
ways the fact that the relative volume
levels is not one of them but we're able
to
I mean if we had everything in common it
would be like marrying myself and that
would be weird
why don't we stop shopping hit buns
I am telling me I don't have enough
money to try this person there you go
there you go yeah hello dude anything to
say there's been tougher monsters out
there than usual you should make sure to
equip some decent weapons and armor if
you head outside I believe I'm wearing a
stick welcome to the village of Derwent
west of here is a cave that leads to the
Northlands but it's too dark to see your
way through it without a light mods I
see your messages saying the audio is
fine I'm not fucking with it I'm not
fucking with it we're good you know
books are a great source of knowledge
many bookshelves in this town and others
have good info for adventurers like you
but he decided books were boring oh look
the ins got little izzy is on it and the
heart on the door girl hey mister you
look like the adventurer and tight
little piece of advice for you
you can save your game at the church oh
you can say gets saved at the church and
then if you get beat by monsters the
master will grant you another chance
even better you'll still have all the
traits of an experience you're gained
while in the field so if I played this
game I would have to do a no save run
naturally I guess like I can't get saved
in a church but you will lose half your
gold
apparently the church like students
that's just sure yeah this is the church
Captain America welcome my son all we
walked the path of the master or welcome
here
oh yes sure why not yeah what's safe
can I read his books Ogden finds us
striking tone with gilded is is there an
update on the space cop release I can
only assume soon I am sure I will get a
very a very prominent all caps text
minute we get the DVDs in or the the
blu-rays in yes it will not be a secret
yeah it's not gonna be a secret Ogden
gets a sinking feeling in his stomach
from reading the up apocalyptically
cheerful text but over here a bright
shiny pamphlet buttons make everything
better
the new pork Co dream pad has four face
buttons to shoulder triggers and dual
analog sticks provides tactical response
superior to touch only devices in every
way
place your order for Porco's dream pad
today dear Bogdan looks very confused
and wonders what sort of Voodoo this
strange pamphlet refers to is this the
guy that I talked to before in the shop
no he's just got a counter that's not
the one I don't think that maybe it was
they've no I don't want to shop not
something not shopping hey what's a
Harris it's not the end I have to sleep
this time well good day adventure come
on in and check out my latest gear oh
here's where I get my Oh certainly take
a hat which sounds funny tonight oh
thank you I try to entertain oh great
where's my rimshot
where's my portable rimshot it's too
late but I don't care they're there all
right let me talk to this old whoopsies
dude kind of looks like Harrison Ford
mark Hamill's beard there's some Ford's
an old man now
yeah wood man all of her childhood icons
are falling apart well they weren't
exactly children then no well Harrison
Ford was like 30-something I forgot
exactly how old somewhere between 33 and
38 and they made the first I think was 3
3333 I think it was probably you know
like 40 by the time they made the third
one yeah sure
not sure someone's saying 32 when they
made the first one I can only assume
someone thinks he has Alzheimer's well I
not not that I've heard
I hope not it's certainly not a pleasant
thing to get I have not heard anything
like that listen this one of us come out
oh one of the people here it's probably
just hearsay as far as I know there's no
announcement about that I'm sure anybody
then I certainly broadcast these things
you heard what Charlie Sheen right oh
that he's got HIV yeah he's had it for a
little while yeah well you know that's
wasn't public about it tool you know
couple weeks ago well the problem is is
it sounds like he wasn't he may not have
been open about it with a sexual
partners which if that's true is
certainly disturbing see a Rock Monster
Mile tell me this isn't a blue slime
reincarnated painted silver it's not a
blue slime reincarnated has ice slice of
head eyes eyes and smile they look like
like grinning grinning Hershey's Kisses
I'll have to take your word for it
if memory serves I thought they were
eyeless but I don't know no I'm not aids
I think I think Charlie has HIV which is
a chronic disease like diabetes now most
so people can live many years with it
now there are treatments mr. Schine
smile is saying it what a new hope was
made he was 35 like when they start
calling him by these I don't know weird
names and I just get confused
I've been valiantly attacks mr. Rock
mantra there's a Miss Rock Monster too
by the way
mr. rock monsters hit for 7 damage it
takes out his marital troubles on Ogden
Ogden is hit for 4 damage damage I don't
have any like spells so I just have to
fight him fight him run away oh good I
got this - rock monster out of the way
mr. rock monster turned into dust had
experience in one gold piece
alright where's the let me see if I can
make it back to the anything which I
probably can't shit probably gonna die
there was mrs. Rock monster she rolls up
looking quite angry
this should be happy they sound like
they're such an unhappy couple mrs. Rock
Monster Ogden valiantly attacks mrs.
rock monster mrs. rock monsters hit for
6 damage this rock monster screams about
the dishes I couldn't sit up her six
damage fight
this is Rock Monster I'm valent Lee
attacks her again and she sit for seven
damage she cries in her Chardonnay she
completely misses missus Rock monster
beat up I've been valiantly attacks mrs.
Rock Monster
mrs. Rock Monster is hit for 6 damage
she's turned into dust the party earned
15 experience in two gold pieces this is
so reminiscent of Fela grinding this was
never a big fan of those
all the grinding how much is a cost to
sleep in the ship anyways just went free
hello fair traveler you want a room it's
on the house
oh yeah cool tourism board rooms are
zero gold well hell yeah
as far as our thoughts on Carrie Fisher
in the half of the bag review what you
didn't see edit it out was be instantly
saying we're just kidding I love we love
Carrie Fisher here that got cut out but
I said that immediately after the Carrie
Fisher is old jokes I liked that they
that they that they used a woman who was
not yeah I mean yeah they made that one
really young woman their main character
but it was it was nice to see them using
her and not trying to sexify her
something she was in a position of
authority she was in general mhm and in
Carrie Fisher she she looks like she's
yours grandmother age but she looks like
a perfectly nice well-kept grandmother
you know here's the only quote older
here's the only quote problem I have
with her age and it's not really the
problem isn't really with their age it's
the fact that it's it's been 40 years
and both those characters actually all
three even Han Chewie and Leia they're
all doing the exact same shit they were
doing four years ago it's like nothing
at all has changed in their lives since
then and that feels very wrong to me
well Han wasn't the most mature being
even for his age then but that was his
character arc and the originals though
was him finding responsibilities okay
and he's still acting like he's 15 this
one carries moves in general she's got
some response like like she was in my
head like she wasn't the Empire Strikes
Back like doing the exact same thing she
was doing hmm and Mark Hamill was doing
the same thing he was doing that's
that's the weird thing about their age
it makes it can just kind of sad almost
that nothing has changed for these
people what are you doing you're just
walking around yes you know writing in
points you're grinding
you gonna try to go somewhere and die
that's the problem with these games
isn't it isn't it alright let's try to
go somewhere no no no you you cried
that's fine well I thought we were
talking about Star Wars we are I want to
I want to wait until I at least level up
or get a spell before I leave the area
the one rebellion leader from Return of
the Jedi was a grandma - what assume she
wasn't a rebellion leader forty years
before then though I'm saying my only
problem with their age is the fact that
they're doing the exact same they're in
the exact same place in life nothing has
changed for them it's weird
she's a general she was general an
empire which was she was a rebellion
leadership okay but what do you think it
would be appropriate for her to be doing
this I don't know that's something right
that's up to the writer to figure out so
you want her to be doing something else
but you have no idea what that's
something else might be for fuck's sake
I just said it's weird I didn't say it
ruin the movie for me
you know they somebody was saying that
there's going to be another one now
somebody's saying then I've heard other
people say this now both of them
returning to a place they feel
comfortable with makes sense after the
bit with the spoiler and my my my
rebuttal is that feels like an excuse to
get both of these characters in us in
the same spot the audience remembers
them big movies just like baby boomer
most nostalgic yeah rich why do you hate
joy I like the movie Oh for fuck's sake
for fuck's sake but I hate joy in man in
inside out she's about really she's just
too damn chipper identified much more
with pretty much all of the other
characters I have the like an
android-based little like you know shoot
at the little blocks kind of game and I
always play whatever I can it's
depression because she's unlocked right
now and joy it just drives me nuts
there's nothing we can't concur with a p
wow this game is a lot more forgiving
than the original original or the site
seemed like right off the bat I would
get my ass kicked by blue slime like six
times before I had enough points to do
anything I'm sorry yeah I'll go grab
that a minute when I get rounded dude
get out of the road Rock monster rock
lobster Oh Rock Monster
I'm honestly shocked how many apologist
for the prequels oh I'm not some people
that's what they grew up with they they
grew up with those movies coming out
during their whole childhood we we
desserts but some people did but Star
Wars fans have always been rabid and
completely unable to criticize Star Wars
the hardcore Star Wars fans I can say
all Star Wars I mean you remember George
and Thelma or whatever in there their
love of full house oh just weird
hey we're nostalgic for full house
because that's what they grew up with
and all that other Pokemon nostalgia
which we don't understand but no no we
didn't everyone loves Pokemon yeah we
were probably we we sold it up to vote
when Pokemon came out or close to it we
streamed Pokemon when I guess Jack likes
Pokemon I made fun of it all night how
old is Jack he's still old like okay
what is he old enough that he was young
enough to read to reasonably like
Pokemon and it not be silly when it came
out or when it was still I feel a few
years younger than me
probably had to have been at least in
high school where that stuff came out
possibly I think after yeah all right
when I get a few more then creatures
killed I'm going to do that cave is
clearly these are not difficult enemies
do as you will
you don't need damage to me yet the hell
you need a cave this rock monster she
said for nine damage she's asked to fog
in something brother she actually did
something she Jax Jax pokemons stories I
supposedly he well not supposedly he
works in a Gamestop the force awakens
housing stores so Jack Jack worked at a
game stuff yeah and apparently we had
nothing to do one of the slow but play
pokemon was there that anchors are
losing good
fuck them it seems like a horrible place
to work you say you were telling me or
was i there when they people I mean I
can understand theft and all that but
the people is like sandy her ship time
to get frisked I didn't hear about those
somebody got first yeah I was a get
weird games stop does it game stop with
somebody or forget exactly but it was
basically and one of the game stops they
were you know patting people down before
they could leave it together their shift
I mean you know I've worked some jobs
where there were things about my job
that I found to be you know being
criticized for not smiling it off her
shit like that but nobody was ever
feeling me up or patting me down or
something before I could leave work even
though there was you know stuff to steal
sure you know retail establishments but
nobody ever that's when you go on on
break like an hour to before your shift
ends that's wait for me you go I'll back
to have a smoke and then you just kind
of like shake your pant leg and then all
of the games you like fall out behind
the dumpster yeah
and then you go back to work and then
before you leave and they frisk you you
have nothing on you just going on the
back everything from the dumpster
well it's like art where I worked they
were they well I've never done that
Aaron that was ridiculous because the
dumpster was like attached to the
building it was like no way he gets
stuff outside what was that what was a
book you really call it
I worked at the grocery store did that
meant fish Oh steal this let's steal
this bone now it wasn't steal this book
it was I think it's called working
stiffs manifesto and it was about this
guys all this guy's crappy jobs he was
working at a fish counter he was working
on a on a processing fish processing
boat in Alaska he was working as a
bartender and and all of his jobs were
terrible and they were just written I
think is it Ian Ian something I am in
whatever this is his name and it's
called working stiffs manifesto it
gentlemen
drove me to grind well you look it up
yeah yeah okay fun book it really is
it's it's it's a little bit reminiscent
in some ways of Barbara Ehrenreich
nickel and dimed I'm not getting along
at America but it's got much more of a
sense of humor I mean it's eat also good
as far as like books but about work is
is that way to rant the guy who worked
yet waiter he wrote about whoops I
didn't mean to launch heads versus
zombies I wanted to do the oh well I'll
just excuse me
silk browser going let's see literally
working stiffs yeah I read that book
parts of that cuz I like to read and I
like to share stuff with rich and I'll
read excerpts from stuff aloud to him
I'd rather good chunk of the Martian - I
never finished it have you seen the
Martian no I wouldn't
alright I need to finish reading the
last couple chapters of the Martian
terrain before he can see the movie
exactly bad we lost health and in by the
way you need to see yeah yeah Fight Club
is kind of about people with shitty jobs
but this this is uh I'm sure you know
it's been embellished a little but it's
it's a memoir kind of thing and it's
very entertaining
in the
gentleman's name is love hacen le VI som
I in in I a I and le v is Oh N working
stiffs manifesto a memoir of 30 jobs I
quit nine that fired me and three I
can't remember I don't know that it
necessarily details 30 jobs but it has a
lot of interesting little little things
and it asked his way to rant but way to
rant he's just a waiter or a maitre d or
whatever you know the whole time he's
working in restaurants
whereas in working stiffs manifesto he's
working a bunch of jobs each of which is
horrible in its own way so what was a
waiter one call
waiter rants by
Steve where I go to heal you
double Anaka I guess d you be LP and I
ca where do you go to heal me you go
back to the village and you go to the
little in place the villages the of the
the higher one yeah you go to the one
with the little Z's on the door I got in
front of the door and then you talk to
this dude he tells you it's gonna cost
you nothing courtesy of the Tourism
Board cuz who wants to go to with town
that's overrun by monsters and then you
you know you sleep less than 40 winks
and you're it's silly restores alright
alright I'm gonna actually uh okay okay
I'll be back you go do that pay that one
go back that one woman she looks like
look at the one on the right she looks
like Princess Leia just got like the
head buns see her not hurt the other one
not the one the green shirt that one no
it's a girl it's just a guy with bad
hair yeah hey spiked hair oh is that
what it is I think so yeah thought it
was like for this layabouts well we
don't have much money you got now hey
look button do I head for that 48 G okay
yeah that's not enough to buy anything
better I think we're stuck with a stick
for the moment what's better a costume
um upwards of 50 I'll let you down for
maybe a purse around er oh you you go do
your business okay
I'm just hitting the a button I'm
walking around it it's very exciting
gameplay
I'm really just hitting the a butter
Karen
he makes an annoying squeak and he
completely misses Ojai completely mess
don't know rich and Karen are grinding
really it's just Karen grinding I I
agreed to grind for her so she could
look something up on her tablet and and
now she could take a break to go to the
restroom I want no part of this I am a
prisoner to this game
I almost got back on that incident
almost almost what did you miss of the
story so far I haven't paid any
attention
I'll ask Cara to recap why am I so
sleepy today was today was today was
essentially my Christmas Freddy when she
showed up a little bit late the stream
was put together at the last minute
because today my father and sister came
over and caroms or we had dinner we saw
the force awakens saw the family that
was that was my Christmas
I just been a long day but a long day
how did we pick the Wikipedia article to
read because when we were doing the
earlier
clickbait video we're doing the fake
interview with JJ Abrams where we're
trying to come up with questions to ask
him and I thought why don't we ask him
something like you know really nerdy is
is how about how about is kylo Ren's
face made out of court Olsen and I knew
that because it was mentioned in Jedi
and I - the video game was like I
remember the stormtroopers our had like
core Tosun armor and everyone was like
what the fuck is core toast and I said I
think it's like a lightsaber resistant
thing and we had to look it up and then
that that got us to Darth Vader's armor
it's like well wouldn't Darth Vader's
armor be made out of that and that's how
we got to the Wikipedia article on Darth
Vader suit because we're reading that to
find out about the car Tosun and just
laughing at some of the dumb shit in
there there's like well why don't we
make a video out of this - that's how
that happened
so it's it's it's part of my schtick
making fun of RPGs oh yeah I know no
it's fine we'll play this - you're bored
till you're done playing plants vs.
zombies or we can take a look at the
CMAs see you see what steam has to offer
Roth mobster they should make that well
I guess they probably have to license
plate if you need lobster claws
you won't go on
this is a rip off of zelda yeah yes it's
exactly like Zelda and not at all like
Dragon Warrior the title of this part of
it or the original title of it or the
title I knew it by was dragon fantasy if
that gives you any idea of what games
are tripping off well this game is
called dragon fantasy yeah yeah I think
some people call it I think
Dragon Warrior is the same thing this
Dragon Quest because in Japanese it's
Dragon Quest I could be wrong although
there were a couple of games in that
vein available for the NES hmm and for
Dragon Warriors I played all for the
rich I must ask do you enjoy any aspect
of JRPGs I enjoy exploring the towns I
enjoyed talking to people I enjoy I
enjoy the exploration when it's at least
when it's not constantly interrupted by
tedious random battles
now I talk about kylo Ren but I'm trying
to avoid spoilers still where she ever
play Empire at War was the Star Wars RTS
game that came out about eight years or
so ago no because I tend to avoid RTSs I
did play was a real time strategy
I did play rebellion the the mostly
turn-based one that was kind of like
Star Wars crossed with Master of Orion
and that was somewhat enjoyable it's a
little bit tedious and micromanage II
but most of those games fall into that
problem Ultima Underworld I think is
that look which I believe actually came
out before Wolfenstein if I'm not
mistaken
I'm trying to avoid Star Wars spoilers
because it's still it's still only been
out like a week and a half I know I know
I'm sure everybody here has probably
seen it but just in case I'm avoiding it
you know like for instance I just saw we
just rich and seen it before but I just
saw it today because I had been waiting
to see it with Ritchie up here so some
other people might be waiting to see it
at some particular time with some
particular someone rich which is better
Jedi Outcast or generic anime outcast
all around academy has a lame main
character you fight lamer things
Labour's story that you were totally
into pie fighters Thai fighter I just
fired TIE fighter first X plane Alliance
isn't bad either or a fight or something
something like that yeah came out
originally it came on like floppies the
hardened floppy it's not the soft floppy
yeah it wasn't at all
oh god I do remember them I don't
remember the giant LP sized once though
I mean I've seen them but I've never
used one and please stop talking star
wars I think that's the first time a red
letter media fan has ever asked one of
us to stop talking about Star Wars I'm a
little bit flabbergast right now
we head under win95 machine sounds about
right win95 was almost like a das shell
even in windows 98 you could just quit
out of windows anytime you felt like it
I kind of missed that
which he ever played the original battle
from campus no no interest at all both
universe and style of games universe I'm
okay this hour she remembers but
multiplayer focus shooter with no story
elements relatively low health dialogue
Danna fuck that
