Episode 025
Dragon Fantasy with the Fiance (Part 2)
February 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qsO1Hwg5hs
___________________________________________

a lot of different references I've never
played either of those talked about Star
Trek well what would you like to talk
about regarding Star Trek Karen would
you like to talk about Star Trek I don't
even know what ask Apple on five is
Babylon something is that some kind of
derisive comment about Babylon 5 I don't
know
I am mr. Trek fan with the caveat that
I'm not an obsessive it's usually people
I've been in situations where people are
like do you like Star Trek and I'm like
yeah I like Star Trek and they're like
remember in episode 54 and such and it's
like no not that familiar it wasn't it
wasn't the cause but our first kiss was
actually right after an episode of Star
Trek The Next Generation yeah well we
also were watching some know Midnight
Cowboy which is a great movie yeah we
watched Midnight Cowboy and then you
didn't want to go home but I don't
really want you to leave and we started
watching the Star Trek never watch Star
Trek Star Trek was over as I got a
helmet I'm kissing her do I have enough
money to buy a good stabby tool oh I can
buy a hammer buy something I'll buy a
hammer
purchase it and flip it
and now I can sell my wooden stick have
you ever worn a Star Trek uniform rich
Evans why the fuck would I do that
no I'm not I'm not that kind of nerd for
anything never drink the kool-aid and I
had the one oh if I had ever worn a
start drinking you know for me I would I
don't own one but I would definitely
wear one I'm that kind of nurse would
you have the miniskirt version no I'm
not a miniskirt kind of girl I think I
act naked if I can see wearing one and
then like maybe wearing some like black
like yoga pants kind of things
underneath I could rock that with like
some converse style shoes and magically
but not you know gonna start true
uniform down there somewhere we got a
next-gen one and you know my favorite
color is red and I know what happens to
people in red uniforms but I kind of
want a red one
well not on your safe on T&G; with red
that's true they switch it up you don't
want to be wearing gold on TNG I'm not
sure Geordi the blonde chick she does
okay until she dies Oh
until she what but she doesn't tell you
what until she dies but she doesn't die
the moment she walks she walks you know
she doesn't die in her first you know
it's not a cameo she she I guess she
wanted to leave the show for whatever it
wasn't like they were just like killed
her the second she walked out the door
and they have done that to Worf either
smartest crew move anybody ever made
what they do
she didn't really do it she had like one
horrible TV show after that was about
had basically it was a mistake
she came back as a surprise even though
she did not come back that was that was
her daughter that was her rape baby
I'm sorry my feet are on the way aren't
they well she was there kind of the
program so Denise Crosby business per
next project after G&G; was in Pet
Sematary machine that was at her it was
that after TNG Wow Pet Sematary yeah I
guess there wasn't that many years ago I
saw that Brahmin way back in the day I
missed the dollar thing you know was
that many years ago it was all that many
years ago they both were but yeah rich
will the current reboots nowadays be
rebooted in 20 years or they just be
spun off like Crete or star I have you
know what I have no idea I keep waiting
for these franchises to die to finally
die they never do sometimes sometimes
things should be left well enough alone
it's like Ghostbusters we would alone
live alone you don't need to redo that
Robocop
even even alien at this point you think
they'll ever remake et as a gritty
supernatural thrillers here's the thing
with music it was terrible in retrospect
but I loved it when I was fine exactly
why don't other I haven't seen it in so
long I don't know that I'm willing to go
as far as terrible but definitely is
memorable as a lot of the other 80s
movies even though it was the
highest-grossing one from like a decade
or more
hmmm was a big deal when if after like
seven years it finally came out on video
and then I saw it my first time I saw it
at the theater I was like five and then
I saw it when I was like 12 when it came
out and I'm like why did I like this so
much even at 12 I thought it was I'm not
I'm not gonna say it's bad I'm just
gonna say I have no like nostalgia for
it I have no love it tell me you're
rebooting et my response would be why no
I loved it when I was five I had an ET
val and I used to put put it on a diaper
in diapers real but typers and and in
feed it bottles and put it my cradles I
don't know why I did do that for more
human looking doll but floating floating
out there somewhere in the air
and I think this might have been pre
YouTube's you might actually have
trouble finding it but somebody got the
walking dead climbs out it's a plants
vs. zombies zombie ich ich he needs gray
hair he's gray somewhere I hate billion
I guess they don't know I'm here looks
like the one from he does he does it was
plenty it's a plant versus on you
something but now somebody somebody
found the kid for me team grow knob they
didn't
oh Henry Miller yeah and they made it
like a fake trailer for et - hmm and I
don't know how easy it is to find
because I think I want to say they made
that pre-youtube but it was funny
ooh better rock man you know maybe
special you just hit me for like Oh
do you have health items I'm already you
do items what do you have an items big
up there you go the fighting chance Rin
fighting chance bloodsucker
one more
do you have more items for helping them
or I can defend and I'm not sure what
that does stall I don't know it
basically defend is useless in every
JRPG so it's there to make you feel like
there are more options to do things but
it's really just always useless run away
did it work last time no you got away
with it good and I was having trouble
with the directional pad Oh good rock
monsters hello Rock Monster pack pet
she got a grind to get through that
section yet but grinding head pet rocks
I never had like the name brand pet rock
but I used to take rocks and and put
them in Tupperware containers and make
them little beds with little folded up
paper towels and blankets out a little
folded up paper towels
it was that guy's rather maternal for a
little tomboy
there's money
I'm sorry my feet are in the way again
you need to put your feet oh wait where
does it end the ends over this way the
ends the thing with disease
Oh reconfigure don't care for you don't
knock that screen over new monitor you
had that little baby one before which
was kind of yeah that's perfect okay
Tootsie's are in front of the chat if
there's anything else you want to play
over to let me know so what's the story
of this game they're asking I don't know
what's happened so far
what's your quest you're trying to get
the son of the Queen who got abducted by
some bad guy and you're you're you're a
you you're you have been in some kind of
quest before allegedly even though they
don't go into it and and it made a drag
and burn your hair off they made a
dragon burn your hair off and now you're
bald and middle-aged and chubby and out
of shape and you're trying to save the
new world boy it's a shame we don't have
the cam on today why describe the
character again chubby out-of-shape
middle-aged balding bearded red bearded
you've got more hair than he does
sure
I can own up to it I can own up to it
you've got more for it yeah look tariff
lost some weight I look terrible and I
can't shave my head I'm like screwed you
never tried shaving your head
I'm around my head is round my face is
round whatever makes you happier having
hair would make me happier that's not an
option if you want to do some kind of
bad William Shatner toupee what if I did
Amazon yes toupee there's nothing else I
can do if it means that this is the best
I can do if it made you happier and less
self-conscious then okay if you'd stop
being self-conscious in a clown clown
wig I'd be alright with that
it's full of ads much money doing
wrote Rogaine you people have to donate
a lot more we're gonna have to kick the
subscription fees up cuz rich needs ro
game you're gonna do a Kickstarter
therefore rich is it good like
Kickstarter's for like you know like
yuppies who have got at a credit card
debt bag too many persons or something
you know I'm say dumb you know so why
not know I'm a skeptic does Rogaine work
or said just like some kind of scam and
how good is it a tree growing there I
have no idea I have no idea but is it
isn't one of those things it's just like
a skip and if I kiss his head will I
turn into a man it's like one of those
things a message with your hormone oh I
don't know well no because you wouldn't
want you wouldn't want male hormones
magaz thats what makes you lose the hair
it would probably make me sprout breast
right estrogen is what what keeps the
hair no I think just testosterone is
what loses it on the guest room well so
so so kissing my head with Rogaine
certainly would not make you more
masculine
it would not at all well I think they
have that problem with like that they
that the testosterone cream that people
like I guess they're supposed to like
rub it on their staff or whatever and if
they if they have low testosterone are
they they think that they do or their
doctor thinks they do or whatever and
and then I guess it wouldn't touch it it
can masculinize them I'm sure it doesn't
instantly you know turn you into a nine
foot tall I'm back
sprout breasts on your breasts thank
thank you wish craft for you too that
was very it made me feel very good about
myself so so does that mean that they
would get bigger or does that mean that
he would they have like five little sub
breaths on each one or something what is
this a from one bird movie the fly uh
body horror you turn into a monster okay
well flies don't grasses Cronenberg but
you know I'm just reading about you know
about crop milk what's krumping birds
are really strange that was reading
about the respiratory system and it's
like they take in air when they're
exhaling - it's like they've got like
this that are in out in out they've got
like a one-way system going on and then
birds like humans where women are xx you
know two of the same thing with one
inactivated in each cell men have X&Y;
birds it's the opposite the heterozygous
one is the female but some species
apparently produce something called crop
milk which is a little bit like milk and
it's you know it's formed in their
stomach or their throat or whatever and
they regurgitate this for their babies
oh so I mean it's just strange things
and some of them are so smart
we ever gonna try an FTL no pause run
Jack wants to try one at some point
apparently about 40% of men who use
rogain experience hair regrowth after 3
to 6 months yeah but what are we talking
about her like a few hairs I want a
really sham level of Rogaine I won't
know if James Randi looked into it what
would he say about the Hair Club for Men
James Randi and pirate parently hasn't
looked into it because that guy he's
bald that he seems to be ok with it
he's decidedly bald and it suits some
great Dave's band it grandiy James Randi
is like the little grandfather that I
wish I had it's adorable my both of my
grandfather's died before I was born and
I wish I could just adopt James Randi be
my granddad she's so cute he's short but
hey so much Patrick Stewart doesn't give
a shit and no book works for Patrick's
it really does Patrick Stewart will be
weird with hair yeah I've seen him with
hair it is weird
can I get to this with just avoiding
that dude
run yeah or listen oh you know I need to
buy some herbs
why didn't have why haven't you cuz I
forgot about it let's go buy some herbs
sorry I probably on top
oh for sure
this game actually has less walk two
inches and hit an enemy than the
original wargames day I was watching
prereq one when I was notified that this
was live no I'm watching this what a
night Jack's been on vacation and I did
like one solo string but it's been a
while I don't want to go too long for
doing another stream Jack's still gone
so I dragged Karen her like my stream
you have no say in the matter
I hope he's having fun wherever you're
sure I'm sure you would like somewhere
nice where somewhere where it's warmer
summer words warm good for him I'm sorry
I miss him like his family's having some
big get-together who doing with
something or other parents I'm not sure
it's for Christmas Oh smart people who
would go somewhere nice for Christmas
stick around the folio leaky Milwaukee I
think that I said it right into my eye
nope I didn't say like you know go kill
your dog or something jack is another
bald person Jake is the other reason I
can't shave my hair - we're on camera
together all the time now I think and we
tell the difference between it's weird
if there are two completely shaved bald
man on camera it's weird you know what
it looks like it looks like a cult it
would look like we're in some kind of
cult join us join us now and people
would just like see that and they would
just be creeped out and they wouldn't
want to watch the video
I am i I can't shave my hair
just saw the space cop trailer and
remember it's Sunday night any estimates
on the release date I when we get the
copies will probably be three states as
it's been gone for weeks now waiting to
get impressed and said to us I don't
know what their status is right this
second but I'm sure that I'm sure that
probably the very literal minute we get
them I'm gonna get a call or a text it's
been New Year's and and Christmas I mean
it is the time of year when if things
are gonna be like this at the time
they're gonna be laid where that where's
it being done stateside so mark yeah
yeah I forget who's doing it at a desk
door JK but it's not like like when I
order stuff from Hong Kong and it's
taking the slow boat literally no I
don't think is overseas did you ever get
that charger that I sent for you I think
so yeah did you try the more bit more
nothing okay so it wasn't that yep
charger was only two bombs so dict
across much defined yeah
why don't you get it to your dad and let
him play with it he's looking for he was
messing her one to mess around root
something I might you might be able to
fix whatever issue it's got all just hit
it with a hammer
fuck it if I can't have it nobody can
Erbs rich don't shave your head only
play do is I don't think I'm really in
Iraq and a heartless I don't think I
would look good shaved and I don't think
my hair looks good anymore and I don't
know what to do it's terrifying I just
don't have enough in front anymore
Oh mr. lizard is not nice first he
doesn't say anything funny Packers lost
I hope you're happy rich I'm smiling on
the inside truth is I don't really care
enough to smile on the outside
smiling is overrated but I don't I don't
particularly care about football but
it's annoying to have all of the Packers
fans around here rub it in my face
whatever like they win in the Bears lose
and I don't really care but it's very
annoying it's not so much that he's a
giant bears fan he never has been it's
just that he's sick hearing about oh the
Bears suck oh the Bears suck because
this is Milwaukee and there's look yeah
like you suck like I'm like I'm the
Bears yeah I mean I can't speak for rich
exactly but I don't think rich has ever
had much of an opinion about the Packers
one way or the other except that we both
agree that their color scheme is kind of
ugly but you know the Bears navy blue
and orange isn't great either and I'm
just not a fan of yellow in general but
anyway because they do have a horrible
color scheme yeah it's like eg cheese
orange and yellow and 3/4 pine green
again is the yellow supposed to
represent cheese thank you no sir I'm
gonna say yes because that's stupid
oh wait I'm in the wrong cave I want to
go to the other cave they came with all
the nasties this is the one
just
what
I'm just sitting here thinking that I
want to see the movie with uh with the
pets even though they probably already
spoilered and ain't good about it I knew
you would want to see that I don't even
remember what it's called pets when
their masters go home or whatever as
yeah home alone that's pets on the town
pets on the Roman pet in the town red -
I don't think there's anything that
clever animated children's project a
product 105 Abe that's kind of how I
felt about
it just didn't feel like it was up to
six hours not standard killed him you
killed him I killed him good did he use
a lot of Herms no no spices no all right
I did not Colonel Sanders at one bit oh
I like that now you're on the trolley
sloths names something I totally want to
play a sloth named flesh I totally want
to play game to start the sloth you mean
Zootopia no not the furry movie the one
with regular pets only they talk but
they're not anamorphic pets which still
might interest furries I don't really
know the secret life of cats and dogs
that's all yeah that sounds right it
sounds cute
as mr. wizard invisible no mr. lizard
was just taken out
oh well did you lose last time I think I
got like a lucky shot on or something
last night the crit but I have to
Magritte critic critical Oh critical
attack just do a lot of damage herb time
what do you do and in something in there
weights I have a I have a I have a
antelope
furries seem like this is a was it
Tyrannosaurus Rex
furries seem like Trump supporters and
that they only exist on the Internet
I refuse to believe they're real only
has like 17 so saying wait to use your
items something big is coming up
well I'm sticking to getting out of here
and we re buying more items okay
I think I think I've I've told this
story in the chat before but I'm pretty
sure Karen and I know a furry yeah well
we'll call him Bob and his wife yeah
we'll call her Bob too because Bob
backwards is Bob so Bob Bob Bob and Bob
yeah okay
did look you came up to world a said I
think I think Bob's are furry
because what was his profile on on
something really what was the deal I
mean the confirmation was at that store
when people get to that yeah I think he
had some kind of a drawing of an animal
like himself is it like an
anthropomorphic kind of character and
referred to his his wife-to-be then it's
someone we knew in high school we didn't
we weren't we weren't that close and
then one day we're just at a store we
happened to bump into him and his what
she's fancy at the time just I think
they were married at that yeah but she
was basically wearing what what was a
dog collar and it's a real dog like a
real dog collar and I just actual dog
tags from an actual dog like like she
said to her parents so are you using
this no it's you know or feet Fifi using
these tags either last years I think and
I just I just I remember I just looked
over at you we exchanged to look like
uh-huh I mean people have all different
kinds of strokes I mean they're harmless
they're that one convention where people
went trying to hurt it is not they are
harmless it's not like they're you know
hurting people I'm not never said that I
never said that gonna be a furry few I'd
be afraid I don't give a shit
it's weird
but who am I to judge yeah I just
figured something that's not my flavor
like I totally like kibbles and bits
yeah exactly
like for instance I'm not gay I
understand that some people are gay and
I totally respect them being that way
it's just not my thing
I figured you know furries like that you
know some people are into that I'm not
one of them
I thought with rich Evans chest hair he
was already a furry - Wow I can't I
can't help that wait
wax it or something but I like your
Chester that hurt never really hurt or
you could like shave it off but then
you'd have like pretty hey guys got me a
frickin did I do not always call you a
prick
it's not a my usual vocabulary I might
not to say the micro cable is squeaky
clean it's just that prick isn't what I
used to use rich what animal would you
like to be you know they asked me that
in like grade school god I think might
even have been kinder you study huge
right I said human why the hell would I
want to be an animal like eat off the
floor live in the woods shit outside the
winner how'd you like to be like not not
have my intelligence how'd you like to
be our family dog no he's kind of pretty
good he's gonna live 10 years then he's
gonna die and you're gonna you're gonna
you're gonna be the one to do it well
it's a horrible way to go we'll be the
ones to do it and he'll have no idea
what's coming people constantly telling
you one you can do this or that you want
to go outside you got what's much
outside I have to work it sounds
horrible on the whole I think it's
Pettit all the time and sleeping
whenever and wherever he wants pretty
much I mean but but when asked that
question as a kid my answer was just
like like real quick and even think
about a human you must use your magic I
don't want to be an animal if you're
gonna be an animal what animal with a
human is the only answer I have to that
question anything else is just mercy
kill me well how about a blue whale no
they just swim all day for a hundred
years
they soak more than a hundred and they
socialize and and you know how fucking
boring would it be to be a blue whale
maybe they hit they have maybe they have
complex thoughts and complex
interactions and stuff that you don't
know anything about maybe the great
storytellers obviously they can't write
them down a human is not an animal yes
it is
yes yes it is I knew that when I was in
grade school in the sense that we were
you know mammals primates which has six
blue whales in his family history I
think we're only distantly related to
200 yeah I think I think I read that
somewhere I mean whales very long-lived
wonder how many years does it take them
to reach maturity all right you sucker
bastard what sucker
I missed ah is this game really more fun
than swimming for a hundred years hey
I'm not playing it
I'm the anti-crime man I asked you as a
Oh as long as you're enjoying yourself
all right I mean I'm ready to play
something else maybe you've been playing
this for like an hour
I'm just here to be played these games
for a huge chunk of time I'm just here
to be a comical grumpy asshole that's
all I'm here for seed so well if you
want to and only if you want to we could
see if I have something else lovely
camera procured I got the hammer clip it
is it a weapon can you dirty have a
hammer equipped oh you could have got
one for free now you know that it's okay
I can sell it I mean granted I won't get
as much for selling something as I would
stuff
mr. lizard
ah you played doom 3 often why not quake
4 no just because I haven't yet I like
quake 4 is that one
only holy bloody skeleton it was on
school
he sounds badass Kingston arm off and
beats me with it awesome this is why I
love you
looks like ten people are watching the
agdq speedrun right now what are they
having a bad year
what's an agdq awesome games done quick
or the marathon I was talking about
earlier which is why I kind of figured
we'd only have ten people in here
tonight didn't know didn't know for sure
what was gonna happen
so speed thingies are big thing huh the
one this particular thing is pretty
popular okay I'm out of the loop
sometimes it depends on the game
sometimes they're really fun to watch
this is one guy I think names trihex I
saw him like trihex trihex I think does
a speed Brahman of Yoshi's Island and
that's really entertaining because you
have to be really good at the game to
play it fast he's he's doing like that
game that's cute he's doing all of these
crazy shots with eggs and hitting things
that are off-screen and he's just really
good at the game and then you see other
speedruns where they just spend like an
hour doing these fucking ridiculous
glitches so they can skip over 90% of
the game and I can't stand back that's
boring to watch well you're not really
playing the game will do something I
guess technically you beat it so you
wouldn't want to watch somebody do a
speedrun through Super Mario Brothers
where they use warp more Oh at least the
warp is built into the game this would
be like or somebody figured out where if
you jump into this one brick at this
precise angle it takes you right past
Bowser and the last stage of the game
yeah they give that kind of shit we
found a way to go out of bounds and
level and then you could just walk
around everything yeah there's some
stuff in Mario
where you can do that but they're all
glitches where like nothing happens you
just run around then the sleeps
something old
you should watch Mary are you talking
about one okay is there another to t1 a
lot of there's some there's some shit
mario64 words like you're not even
playing the game hey you know what not
you know not like at all I can't handle
the graphics on 64 just so primitive
it's always been a blurry ugly piece of
shit they did they did update the
graphics somewhat for the DS version
yeah the DS versions of all the 64 games
look better which is sad and I've seen
people I've seen mu emulators and I mess
with him a little bit few years back
where people had skinned it and they
were like doing bitmaps and stuff to
make it look pretty which was kind of an
interesting concept but never really
mess with it
because I was never that much in this
the best are the mario world programming
runs were through movement they program
it in a buffer overrun in memory so that
it skips to the end credits yep oh that
yeah I guess she'll beat it quick that
way but there's not it's not really
beating just a peel but they can they
can do some interesting stuff I will say
this they can do some interesting stuff
with that because they can basically
reprogram Super Mario World
I saw somebody once they can't do it by
hand they have to use like up a computer
to do the actual inputs but somebody
just using like the controller the
control inputs reprogram Super Mario
World to be super mario brothers the
original and then they played just using
the controller yes now when I when I
used to play Super Mario Brothers 2 and
any other ones I you know on the
original NES system sometimes I'd get
dust in the screen and there be weird
glitches and I remember there was one
one time there was something got in the
screen and until I reset it and whatnot
like all of the backgrounds were
cherries and different things like all
the different sprites were switched
around I'd love to see somebody mess
with it you know the program it to do
that mmm that look really needs never
like cherries everywhere yes I know they
do non glitch runs as well and those are
the ones I like to watch so it's actual
skills so maybe play out very very very
fast who probably has no life that could
be mean but I you think this is a grind
fighting game over and over again see
happiness speedrun I want to find a way
to do this game in like 25 minutes
though they would find a way to do it
maybe they'd be bit of beating the game
by now they'd be on the game number two
Oh probably I mean I can even play I
probably play this faster I'm just kind
of zoning out and talking to you and
playing this but this is why I'm
suggesting why don't you have something
else to do I'm good I mean I've been
playing this for like you done this on
sure I've been playing for like oh yeah
turn off can't play it forever
alright let me save one more sure
okay but scores are hundreds of people
watching others playing a boring game oh
wait look you're here for the talking
yep and this is a game where I can talk
without having too much of my attention
most of the time and that's wrecked
that's the one thing that's hit or miss
with awesome games done quick is
sometimes just the commentary is either
terrible or non-existent I can't imagine
they have much time
yeah too busy playing the game where's
this I'm spending I'm just kind of
spewing around the smarter people have a
friend on the couch she was doing
commentary
and we've talked about Star Trek and
kraut milk and Pictoris furry the bird
do you want me to throw up or do you
want me donating right now an excellent
book called the green amber which is
like you know it's like a fantasy novel
but it's it stars bunny rabbits uh-huh
and now I keep thinking because I was
reading about rabbits not long ago about
how they they Canyon the way their
intestines set up they eat it's not
quite poop but that's it back through
and I find it I just find it interesting
that they completely skip over that so
I'm wondering you know first they
mention
or just you know just in general some of
the gross things that animals do by
human standards you know how is chewing
cud or suppose there's gonna be a scene
in the upcoming movie Zootopia or the
rabbit character eats her own poop
probably is that gonna happen
see that's not gonna be a dinner scene
where she just she just squats over the
table and then has a meal I would I
would love that that would be hysterical
the cow character like barks up some cud
to chew or you know something lots of
animals pee all over everything that
doesn't that isn't nailed down and most
things that are what does widen poverty
I know yeah makes you a waiver or
something what's a waiver something
wyvern it's a kind of flying thing of a
barber
welcome my son record my progress and
overwrite
all right let's go but go create
something come up something else for us
to play for a while
quick save
what without save I already said okay
well know what yeah okay so right now I
hope so
all right we'll see
where's mouse where's my mouse you need
to be clicking on my miss house I have
no idea where he put it rich sitting on
a can of redbull and my tablet well if
you don't know something maybe you
should stop acting like you know
everything why are you back I told you
to quit quit sleepy dragon die die game
died frozen in dragon Fantasyland yeah
mostly I play these you just yeah will
say I play these games and relatively
small doses are we still streaming um
can anybody see me are we still there it
looks like we're still going okay yeah
thank you you know what can you well I'm
getting on your game can you read off
everyone who subscribed 100 to viewers
Rhys absque ride while you were away
Caesarion fart thank you radio link down
gobbledygook say what some gravitas
these are our subscribers Karen no dairy
and fart like you get some serían fart
thank you genuinely radio link down we
appreciate it
gobbledygook we do appreciate you guys
genuinely the real Quaid thank you Bill
teehee bill let's Lee whatever your name
is and with the underscores thank you a
Michael 87 thank you for 16 months in a
row wow there's some big numbers here my
turds are green maybe you should stop
eating so much black licorice eczema
thank you frosty snooze thank you very
much
Dino spumoni spumoni is ice cream isn't
it lonely loner Arkin Thank You c'n our
crow narc
Kanaka know whatever thank you canner
Ken or
m-mine thank you Lando wasthe acun thank
you the real V on many thanks daegil bah
dave feelin dunk
it's a Chinaman merci beaucoup
skeletal snuggles Thank You Ernest Khan
Thank You star our bowls
thank you and sausage toes you might
want to get that checked out
thank you thank you all very much really
it is much appreciated a thing
a quest carefully you don't run into any
rock monsters or vampires because they
suck but old bulb
how about this um diffusal manual okay
everybody can find out ad um I really am
because I'm not really much of a good
gamer I did this already of parent I'm
certainly not dressed glamorous way or
anything I was not it was a bit
surprised I did not know we were gonna
be doing this stream and I was certainly
game for it but which wants to put me on
camera I wearing my usual stuff which is
nothing glamorous the bomb game into the
crucible their relationship Falls
we're both nude oh no there's a scary
thought
dude and chubby both of us
everyone in the chat is new - well I
feel more comfortable now wha will we
kiss on camera I think we could do that
we could make it we can make it out
g-rated kiss you kiss your paint
I want my taint your pate Oh Lord no I
thought you said taint
pa te that's certainly not g-rated no it
wouldn't being at least
I'm the only girl miss Chen Oh years ago
I always use the gender-neutral kind of
Maine
lots of people assumed that I was male
just for no particular reason that way I
didn't really care you know I mean I
wasn't really interested people would
beg me old days people would be like you
know everybody's like ASL you know
ageless yeah text location it's like
what ya know most of them were probably
15 but yeah I didn't care if people
thought I mean generally if I got to
know people and they referred to me as
he I'd be like god no machine but ya
know I really didn't care I didn't know
figured whatever I had to say you really
have much to do with you gonna be a
while should I you I hit the restroom if
you have to take a break I shouldn't
drink so much Red Bull this we're taking
a break we'll be back we'll be back with
the tweeter birds coming out of your
forehead I love that picture
you
you're now audio is life audio is
functional actually I probably did that
premature leagues on the run with
restroom on camera I'm on camera people
can see me cleaning crap out from under
my nails no idea what they're saying not
small just further away no I'm kind of
shrimpy Karen's yawning suggests this
won't go far Karen usually works really
early Karen's body is just on a
different schedule
hi dick neutral could you read that
donation from serene but please don't
give this money to starving orphans from
from caesarian fart a very generous
donation please don't give this money to
any starving orphans also who do you
think is the most boring worthless main
cast character in a trek series that
isn't Voyager or enterprise well I'm not
sure what Rich's opinion is is mine
let's see Wharf can be kind of annoying
dyma diamond or whatever isn't the best
I I don't know I'm sure we should come
up with a a better one and from HAP 78
another generous donation they want to
wish make sure rich airs this when he
comes back I just wanted she says I just
or he says he or she I just want to wish
rich Jack and the whole rlm team a Merry
Christmas jack have a safe and wonderful
vacation with the family that will be
passed along thank you too for your
donation that's very nice of you guys Oh
Wesley yeah
no nobody well yeah Wesley Wesley is not
anyone's favorite you know I was
watching or yeah I was watching the man
in the high castle which is an Amazon
original series
based on a book by philip k dick where
it's like kind of like a what if what if
the axis had won the Second World War
and one of the big Nazi guys on that
show his son is Wesley completely well I
shaved my head and be the new Jack
probably not see the problem you know I
mean but while heroness well hair can be
a pain in the neck
the trouble with shaving your head if
you're a woman is that people think that
you're on chemo and you know I feel bad
for people who are I mean it's
unfortunate but but yeah I'd have
everybody telling me that I'm brave for
battling something and I'm not battling
anything people would assume that I was
ill and I'm not how did I end up with
men Bisons hat no no but it on Amazon
it's got a little mouse on there came
that somebody gave me because I love
mice mice are cute kind of my favorite
animal my upsides dogs so you might you
might be curious as to why I'm sitting
backwards so you can't see the screen
and I can okay you're smart
I should never underestimate that yes
it's like when I walked into my art
class in high school and he had all the
deaths facing each other and I said
we're gonna draw each other aren't we
suppose all the other dumb kids look
what the fuck's going on somebody said
that they wanted to wish you and Jack
and the whole rlm team a Merry Christmas
and Jack to have a wonderful vacation
with the family so if you could pass on
those regards to check and make sure you
saw that I will do that mom that was
from Happ 78 who made a donation
generously that maybe from the last
stream I'm not I never sent sure okay
alright there's more down there um Mouse
down I think everyone else is older Oh
what does the date say 12 22 yeah okay
and then this one is the cesarean part
it sounds like a horrible condition 1 3
2006 okay
here's here's what's going on we're
gonna defuse a bomb together
you get to see the bomb no we're
probably just gonna blow up together
well I'll ruin it you get to see the
bomb I get to see the manual I don't get
to see the bomb you don't get to see the
manual and am I using this thing using
that you might be able to use a mouse
but I forget that might be more
comfortable right now
I don't know hit button hit up suit get
the game good thing was started good
thing too stuck I hit the right one in
the first try go to menu is there a
tutorial so you can figure out how to
move this thing around right options you
know what go to bombs bombs yeah just do
that do what was it started click on it
one point one game overview enrolls one
identifier game overview and rows rolls
to description a brief overview of keep
talking and nobody explodes it's him the
roles of each player this was shown when
the game was first launched attachments
we gonna do that again so you cuz you
didn't see it when the game first
launched start vibration this is a local
multiplayer game for two or more players
you are the bomb defuser your goals to
defuse a bomb with the help of your
friends your friends are the edge of the
enemies what soon to be enemies your
friends and the experts who guide you by
using the bomb defusal manual the
experts the bomb defusal manual the
defuser is not allowed to look at the
manual ah folks - the experts are not
allowed to look at the screen try fun
ways to keep the defuser isolated but
with an earshot of the experts the
experts can find the bomb defusal manual
@wm manual calm
you get the controls richer's you had to
move the bomb around control should be
said oh it didn't do oh ok nevermind hit
that again go to the second one control
tutorial yes learn the controls of the
game an important step toward not
exploding this was shown when the game
was first launched except I know your
words I'm doing it again let's quickly
go over the controls of this game
select the bomb on the table to pick it
up next cut the blue wire in the top
middle module to selection with this
thing and select with a first select the
module ok and then select the wire you
wish to cut they said blue a new bomb
was just placed on the table pick up the
new bomb do you select the current
module then do you select the old bomb
to put it back so deselect and then get
rid of that bomb and then go over to
this one select the button module and
press the button boom the bomb was not
armed so it was safe to interact with
don't be careless when dealing with an
armed bomb one last thing to try out
rotate to inspect any of the sides top
or bottom I wish I could do that at work
with product that would be awesome if
you ever need a reminder of these
controls the diagram could be found in
the menu by pressing the Escape key
which is which key oh ok
will be fine it's fine we'll be fine
and I see a is this one of those
I think all those things a slide
projector an old-fashioned slide
projector is that what that is over
there behind there
oh yeah yeah vacation slides all right
let's do a bump go two bumps
oh yeah won't take you through the easy
ones first time for some identifiers the
first bomb description everyone has to
start somewhere
let's just hope it doesn't end here to
make sure your experts have the manual
or and are ready to help bomb
configuration five minutes three modules
three strikes best time two minutes of
58 seconds remaining defused start okay
you have to describe things to be known
what are the screws for your eyes only
you're not allowed to look at the bomb
defusal manual the white zone is for
immediate unloading and loading of
passengers only there is no stopping in
the red zone this
23:21 no I didn't I looked at your face
the clock it says 2321 there's this
thing has a countdown timer for five
minutes there's a TRN button on the
bottom there's a red battery CRN button
yeah you mean like a button tan maybe
there's a little indicator or something
we're worried about like those the
sectioned off areas there should be like
six on either side of the bomb okay
there's uh there's a timer thing with it
says fourth 4:30 that's coming down
that's nice like it has like a speaker
next to it and there's a little window
over that doesn't say anything yes
there's a section with wires there's a
black wire or a black wire or blue wire
a space and the white wire wires and the
subject of wires a wire module kind of
three to six wires on it only one
correct wire needs to be cut to this arm
of the module
okay how many wires are there there are
four four wires if there was is there
more than one red wire there are no red
wires okay is the last wire yellow it is
not it's white is there only one blue
wire there is one blue wire just one yes
cut the first wire
okay okay next what do we got what do we
got we have to blank looking sections
don't worry about those gotta worry
about three number three well three of
them ALAB something in them excuse me oh
wait I'm trying to get over to this
section how do I get over to the section
I can't look at the screen to help you
I'm the wire section I cut two wires oh
no don't do that I didn't mean to back
out back out okay there's a detonate
button it's blue it's just detonate yes
it's in the upper right hand corner okay
it's blue butter it is but doesn't say
board is there more than one battery on
the bomb on the bottom of it anywhere on
the Sun the batter on the bomb it'll
look like a regular either double-a or
triple-a like batteries batteries on the
bomb okay press it immediately release
the butter like the the big button yep
okay it's good thank you
okay next section there's a collection
of symbols one looks a bit like a
mountain or a letter A with a line
coming down okay looks like a tennis
racket one looks sort of like a check
mark and one looks sort of like the
person recursive letter H a like a
mountain tennis record and what's the
other one's sort of like a check mark
with with little tails and I'm off of
both edges okay and the other one looks
sort of like a cursive letter H or
something looks like an eight tennis hit
the tennis record a with the T the check
mark
and then the H with cursive okay we
don't think so all right first one but
but but but but I cut two wires you get
three strikes okay and that one so we're
good maybe five Dumbo I'm not supposed
to look at you oh come on no make it a
tough moving target it's okay between
bombs we're gonna switch off at some
point you're gonna use the manual okay
well at least you'll be able to I won't
be like hitting the wrong button because
I hit a insects fine how's the chat
liking this um are the symbols like
Norse runes maybe the webcam is frozen
we can't see the high-five can you see
me waving frozen screen okay okay they
want to see the high-fives we will
reenact the high-fives
some fish
yet we're not moving we're first I I'm
going to stop and restart the stream
