Episode 026
Keep Talking with the Fiance
February 26, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_ZRK99WNqI
___________________________________________

it's cold globe look can they sit will
they even be able that's a little tiny
itty-bitty camera it's like a web camera
is it a webcam yeah all right you ready
to get back to it I am
let's go defuse some more bombs okay oh
yeah right
bombs would set the game up with my back
turned and without any kind of
controller in my hand are we going back
to the first bomb no no we can do sir
one something old something new section
to the basics 2.1 identifiers something
old something new description when did
seeing a familiar bomb become comforting
no matter this bomb will only be half
comforting um configuration five minutes
three modules three strikes best time 18
seconds remaining okay start okay this
screen is for your eyes only you are not
allowed to look at the bomb defusal
manual no no all right here's a bomb
it's kind of dark in here that's not
okay okay so the front of the bomb has a
diamond-shaped wind almost like a
Windows logo Simon Says yes but not
Simon Says yes only hit the buttons I
tell you sir okay because i'm bad at
this i think the page won't turn the
pages pages stuck together why is the
page stuck together there's no
pornography in her
okay what is flashing the blue one
flashes a little just the blue one just
oh just the serial number of the bomb
have a vowel serial number having foul
it does okay the serial number of the
contains a ball and it's flashing blue
hit red all right now what's a donor
there we go okay it's went from red to
blue to green now it's doing red blue
and green red blue green blue green blue
and green okay hit red and yellow blue
green blue action red yellow red
yeah doesn't do anything now the green
light went on I go to the next wait the
green Oh Venice done that it's done okay
there's an abort button it's red all
right is there room wait okay does not
say dead nay what does it say abort okay
it's red is it white it's red okay it's
white it's red it's red it's a red Oh
boys like oh wait hold button and read
I'm sorry I'm sorry
are there more than two batteries on the
bomb one - I see - just - exactly - all
right and what does it say again abort
which is record and hold which is white
and those are two separate sections all
right now you're gonna hold the button
down don't let go with a button the
abort hold yes hold it down there should
be a indicator with a color what color
is it red all right you have to release
it when the countdown timer has a one in
any position okay next hold button it's
white oh another whole buzzer oh my god
no this is hold that was a board well
another another butter is there now
doesn't it it says what it says what
does it say hold it's white it's is hold
if the button is white and there is a
lit indicator with the label ciear
there is not is there any label that
says any like frk era frk is lit TRN is
omelette but there frk and it's lit are
there more than two batteries there were
exactly two batteries okay and this is a
white button right it is all the time
tell me what color it is red the red
indicator do you want in any position
yeah
since it was doing the countdown oh yeah
time to replicate the high five down low
um and then add in complaints about not
be able to find your hand because I
can't look at you but this time I looked
at you look at you can maybe bland said
the man I think it's okay cuz you're
gonna be reading this at some point yeah
I wasn't like I was looking at it within
test comprehended all right y'all do the
next one okay or do you want to do one
more like this oh let's see
bombs first spot second time third bomb
third bomb double your money identifiers
double your money description the task
is to clear but the timer doesn't care
about your workload the task is clear
excuse me I'm configuration five minutes
six modules three strikes and less time
31 seconds remaining
how much time remaining do we have last
time little less than two minutes oh so
we really kicked that apart this screen
is for my eyes only blah blah blah okay
Bom Bom has a blue detonate button a
white press button some more room type
things and a set of wires the blue one
it says detonate yes is there more than
one battery
there are two batters pressing
immediately release okay that's done all
right next one the press button all
right yeah we're colors it's white it's
us press it's white it's white it says
is there a litigator with a label ciear
there's not a lot
is there any indicator oh there's more
food things on the back I don't see any
indicator no there's an indicator for
frk omelette omelette all right white
wine okay huh hold down the button what
color is your strip red one in any
position done next next next next X
disks runes bruise like that I'm gonna
call the rooms from now on what do we
got what do we got backwards and a pound
sign slowly backwards and is it got like
a little thing on top of it a curvy face
okay a kind of like a pound sign missing
one of its things like an H with things
hanging off of it a Y like a Y with a
line through it
mmm like a epsilon symbol or something
and it's like a backwards E with a
couple dots over right Eve with the dots
pound sign with the missing thing yeah
then the then the you at the I throat
and then the backwards in does he order
you have to hit yeah yeah okay he first
wait wait okay okay backwards e
backwards e palm sign with a missing
thing you with the I through it and the
backwards him done okay well we got
wires red red white yellow blue white oh
my god oh my god I got to get the buyers
page and all kinds of things are gonna
happen when I get to the wires page let
me tell you
all right how many where's total six six
wires are there yellow wires there's one
where one yellow wire okay
there's what this one one wire is yellow
is there more than one white wire two
white wires cut the fourth wire okay
okay next
more wires okay how many yellow white
blue dome anymore it's a more than one
red wire no there are no word lawyers is
the last wire yellow it's blue is there
exactly one blue wire there are two
and as there more than one yellow wire
there's one cut the second wire done
good more runes okay the aichi thing
with each ething the thing that looks
like an H the thing that looks like the
checkmark a backward C with a dot in the
middle and an upside-down anyway slower
slower the curse of H the curse of eight
and what else the thing that looks like
a check okay
the like an upside-down Y with a little
slash through its tail and a backwards C
with a dot in the middle though upside
down why say dunno why your check mark
thing
the curse of H and the backward C good
said all of them
so how much time do we have
where's I tell you how much time you
have okay
fifty-seven point best i7 six seconds
right now you get to use the manual oh
dear is something
bound shoes old manual about find it and
find it in the um plastic thingies well
I'm sorry it's not it's not bound ear
your your specifications
anyway bitch you can do that
sure they can alright what was that the
fourth one pick up the pace then do we
do double your money or was that yes did
we do one step up no I don't want step
up them for those who have made it this
far and want something tougher but not
too tough five minute five minutes four
modules
three strikes now our best time here
1:13 remaining it's pretty good alright
are you ready to flip through that first
yes ma'am
next to me is my fiancee hi the love of
my life
Jarek teeny teeny tiny characters
already too slippery I can't turn the
page there's a module section there's a
danger sort of world of bomb defusing
page diffusing bombs subject of wires so
you can kind of see how this first step
to that's part of who's on first right
lights are off here we go let's run
picking up the bomb yellow button that
says detonate a yellow
it says detonator is there more than one
battery on the bomb
there are no batteries the button white
it's yellow if the button is yellow hold
the button and refer to releasing the
hell of a button
releasing the Help button okay if you
start holding the button down a colored
strip light up based on its color you
must release the button at a specific
point Lu it's glowing blue release the
button with a countdown timer has a four
okay good
wires there are three wires one red wire
there's a more than one red wire no just
wonder is the last wear black know how
many wears out there three there are no
red wires cut the sec there's one red
wire otherwise if the last wire is white
cut the last last wire is red if there's
more than one blue wire cut the last
blue wire done Simon Says green is
blinking
yellow is sure that's not more to it
than that no strikes one strikes one to
four buttons will usually the correct
table press the button for something to
come up the original button will flash
followed by none to repeat the sequence
sequence will lengthen by one time you
correctly nursing button to press no
strikes one strike two strikes red flash
blue flash green flash yellow flash all
right Green is flashing green is
flashing no strikes
mm-hmm okay
yo now it's green red green red yellow
green yellow blue green
green red yellow blue green yellow blue
green red okay green red yellow blue red
green red yellow blue red red green red
yellow blue red yellow green red yellow
blue and then red yellow I don't know I
screwed up I screwed up we got one
strike now green oh god oh god
green red yellow blue red with one
strike good all right now we got a four
with four buttons it's it's a big window
with a number in it and then four
buttons it's probably some kind of
memory game no it's not that button this
is screen with a number in it I want to
make it nervous but we have 20 seconds
and you can say goodbye that's all I get
my love my wife for you that's a fine
way to go out that's a fine way to go
all right
that was my fault I fucked up the memory
and I fucked up
trying to keep memories and look up
different colors okay it's okay
all right we're we trying we're retry it
that was all on me not on you all right
let's do memory first because I fucking
hate memory
Simon Says memory green okay no strikes
wait by the way the serial number
contain about yes it does okay good cuz
I guessed right cuz I didn't know I knew
that the first time but I didn't want to
ruin your experience with the game green
yellow okay
green red yellow blue green red yellow
yellow blue green oh we're done all
right now let's let's find this stupid
thing with the four numbers there's one
screen that's got a number in it that
number is four under that screen are
four other numbers one two three four
okay it says form stage one
the display is four press the button in
the fourth position all right that is
button number three one if the displays
one press the button labeled four okay
three press the button in the third
position
that button is to know what does it say
to press the button in the first
position which is to form press the
button with the same luck label you
pressed in stage three was it - I think
it was - yes it was two symbols
yeah rooms rooms rooms upside-down P
okay all right well one is all and then
ones that upset or we got a upside dumpy
upside down question mark I got two K's
back to back is how it kind of looks yes
upside-down question mark and then
basically looks like a six top to bottom
what is what comes first no oh is this
chain does this change with the number
of strikes I don't think so okay this is
six six okay okay okay okay
the question all right wires there's six
wires you doing great there are six
wires are there yellow wires one yellow
wire if there is there one yellow wire
one yellow wire and not is there more
than one white wire there's two so yes
all right we're done we're done we're
done one minute and 15 seconds I don't
remember it's close we're close that's
time yeah we did it we did it
that kessaris darling
that was one step up right okay pick up
the pace pick up the pace right no much
faster you better pick up the pace of my
heart my cortisol release three minutes
I heard reading this only uses up time
you don't have chop-chop three minutes
three modules three strikes
here's hope our best time 55 seconds
remaining
okay um we got that number thing again
with the buttons for the four buttons
it's big three
the display is three press the button in
the third position which is also three
four press the button in the same
position as your Preston stage one which
is labeled one bow buttoning in the same
position not the same but yes it's
already good now it says water alright
if the displays one press the button
with the same level eight label you
pressed in stage two okay sis - if the
display is to press the button in the
first position okay for press the button
with the same label you pressed in stage
three yes we're good alright ruse a ruse
yeah yes we have the k's back-to-back we
got something that just looks like a
curly cue just a squiggle and then
there's something it looks like a but
basically just looks like a button worth
or a three on its back and then there's
a star that's not filled in okay so the
butt is first but squiggle yeah
back to back KS good good alright now we
got a we got a new one I believe this is
the section you saw that said who's on
first the display read the label of a
particular button proceed to step two is
there's an eyeball thingy like
see you guys know just as nothing so
it's blank
it says no literally the word nothing is
in there okay then you you would want to
do the second the left hand side second
one down I'd kind of know how this works
is more to it that it says next then you
have to look at the next page yep what
what with a question Marcus nope okay
now it's just nothing the the column on
the right the second one down is what we
want Karen I'm good though I got five
seconds I love you very much
c'est la vie c'est la vie retry such was
life anyway how you express past tense
in French French I think I can handle 10
cents German right
Simon Says buzzing yes there's a lot to
say gosh darn it Karen the clock is
running down okay blue blue red a serial
number
Oh serial number contains about yes okay
then red okay
blue yellow red green oak shit I
accidentally hit yellow I went down
instead of over who yellow becomes green
red okay blue yellow green blue all
right we're good we're good
for with the buttons number four on the
screen and the four buttons it says to
fourth position - no no this one now if
the display is one press the button
labeled four okay it says to press the
button with the same label as your
pressed in stage one - okay four press
the button in the same position as your
president Stage two
for if the display is for press the
button with the same label you press the
stage 3 yes it was white button mrs.
press volume humming press press white
press white no lit indicators 2
batteries we're done we're done I think
they did it didn't work actually I guess
I didn't press it in time but we blowed
up we came close that's the point what
one more than we switch that I'm in the
hot seat you know what we'll take notes
I'll take notes oh shit oh shit we're
going cymbals you were the I threw it
the upside down P a black star and then
something that looks kind of like a
musical note thing almost like a like a
backwards P kind of thing you think with
an eye through it and the P upside down
P kind of backwards P thing was kinda
like a musical no than a black star yeah
well yeah it doesn't matter what
position right here but what position
they're in there Oh stars last what's
first I need first you you were the guy
then we got Pete upside down Pete yes
then the musical note yes and then the
black star okay
who's who's on first what does it say
read our ad right-hand side second
window so the right column yes it says
you h hu H uh-huh uh-huh
your y OE y uu u r u r u y OU u or the
letter u y OU you we're doing something
wrong read the directions uh-huh no it's
no it's a step one press the first
button that appears in its corresponding
lies okay right it says first now it
says first first left okay wait wait
wait wait wait wait another main display
changed the main displaces first right
you are like the letter U the letter R
done done all right now it says read our
ee d o u HHH
no bottom right you owe that have a
still that was some I'm dead anyway
okay well swish shop well switch off is
okay it's okay
I don't think I don't think that would
help relaxing music lighting excuse me
I'm busy trimming my lights down here is
fine it was fine everything's fine areas
fine it's a it's a video game
the video game where you defuse a fake
bomb but I'm like failing you oh oh my
digital life has been ended virtually
for shame that I am still actually here
it's driving me nuts
I guess that's cuz I got it so why are
you seeing in front of a green screen is
there like stuff being broadcast so it
looks like you're it looks like we're in
front of the game you they don't see the
green question is I hope the sweaters in
the different shade this is sweater make
them looked like he's wearing like no
body undoubtedly I kind of doubt it I
wasn't planning on this when I came here
so okay retry yeah we eat it's all good
it's all good it's all good honey
I want a massage we're you know Mecca
via ring okay so there's a white button
that says hold
is there a lip indicator with a label
ciear
see AR yes
are there more than two batteries this
is the indicator that says frk
hold the button color is a strip yellow
release it when the countdown timer has
a 5 okay next Sam says free green green
green is there a vowel on the serial
number
yes all right it's flashing green yes
yellow green blue yellow red green blue
blue yellow red red yellow red red
yellow okay there's a like a pegboard
with a couple of circles on it and the
triangle that spins in the corner it
looks like it's like a pegboard that has
two pegs pushed into it they're like
little green circle by the way in the
back okay where are the circles rose and
cones
there's one in the second from the right
column on the third row down server down
Oh from the right Oh God
okay where's the other one circle on the
bottom row four over the right you are
you doing everything from the right okay
that's fine
where's the right where's the white
where's the white thing second row from
the right third row from the top from is
from the right right
yes so second over from the right and
how much how far down third from the top
so it's in the circle yes
where's the red triangle all right
go over one to the right down all the
way
what happened oh we're at a time yeah oh
I'm sorry I didn't feel like telling you
we were running out of time because
that's just gonna stress you out we're
close though we're close we do this we
do this here try we got it we got it
it's all good it's all good we're gonna
do it we're gonna do it baby
you and me I'm in it to win it oh it's
already started our last four seconds
okay there's a wipe detonate button what
does it say it didn't it mm is it more
than one battery yes immediately release
the button after pressing it okay next
next next next um there's a board just
like sort of like a calculator except
for instead of buttons it has six words
okay what is the top word no indicate
upper left and oh the top word top Cee
and the screen Cee Cee Cee what's in the
bottom right left L EFT
hit the first word that's actually there
okay right left
wait the first word that's actually here
yep on the on the upper left in any of
them in any of them no no that said
right then I'm gonna list I was gonna
read off the word oh now it's a C letter
C word Cee bottom right no tell me
what's in there I need to know what's in
there oh okay now it says you're and the
bottom right says sure spell your su why
oh you are
all right second column over to the
right middle button what does it say
your why are you apostrophe re why are
you ' are e why are you hit why is it
there no you are you were your yes
hit that wait use the first button that
a court push the first button that
appears and it's a corresponding list
and it was why are you apostrophe re
right should be there why you re button
wasn't was was on the in the middle on
the right I don't know what went wrong
let's try again hey this word they would
have things listed after tha-tha-that's
just bizarre am I not understanding
someone with us I don't know but you
know I was like a James Bond first then
there's something I would have died so
long ago would have been like oh there's
your first half of a motion I don't get
it
I don't get why that didn't work Oh
somebody said I think rich meant you are
the letter U and are I hit you are okay
well so what's the letters not do maybe
maybe let's do it again okay you can no
it's okay you getting frazzled okay we
need we need a chat room for a victory
nice laid-back window we need are you
this will like my grind Wow we need a
victory Karen alrighty a victory okay so
the button says your why are you
apostrophe re all right why are you
apostrophe re yes
all right the one over you know the
second columns second button down and
then like in the between what does it
say it says first
alright using the label from step one
push the first button that appears in
its corresponding list first fi rst okay
is the board left there left the word
okay okay a Y as word yes there no
middle middle next one okay there I
spell it th e ir the I REI REI REI REI
are alright second column middle button
your why oh you are oh you hu H yes hit
it okay next hold on
bottom right no blank you HHH oh wait no
and when I said blank I said the word
blank right it's not there alright first
know what okay so wires wires
how many where's six are there yellow
wires yes yes is there exactly one
yellow wire yes
is there more than one white wire no are
there no red wires there is a red wire
cut the last wire
No there are six wires yes there are no
yellow wires there's one yellow one if
there's exactly one yellow wire and
there is more than one white wire cut
the fourth wire so more than one way
where otherwise if there are no red
wires cut the fourth where are you sure
they're six one two three four five six
if there are there's one yellow wire yes
there's not more than one white way yeah
I don't get it I don't get we got that
we conquered the stupid who's on first I
get fucked by stupid wires I showed you
that one thing that was like a kind of a
play on it I don't think that's how you
do it in France no told me I was all the
rage - 54 - 52 what makes you consider
what - you're why oh you are
why are you are okay uh second columns
middle button your why oh you are oh you
HOH it's there get it oh oh
Cee bottom right like like you
apostrophe re next the letter you the
letters you are hold done done hit done
yeah yeah okay the first one you hear
when I do that okay top right next what
question mark that's there
hit it next you space are why will you
space a re I'm right
wait
you HHH yes wires
okay how many where's six yellow wires
21 yellow on yellow where's there more
than one white wire no are there no red
wires there are red wires there are
there are red wires yes cut the fourth
wire okay Simon Says hello blue no does
not it's blue yellow that beeped yeah
there must be of all them you sure does
not home
that's okay the difficulty curve is like
not because I'm playing changing sexes
yeah we give you a little crown we'll
just stuff a sock down your pants it'll
be fine okay it'll fool the Queen all
right
2:59 give me a section give me aways and
abort button that's red there's more
than one battery in the bottom oh wait
it doesn't take that Nate though it says
abort abort
that's right is there more than two
batteries in the bomber there's two
batteries in the bottom it was not more
than two just two that's white it's red
it's red I'm sorry it's a support yes
okay hold the butter
yellow 5 in any position
okay next who's on first led led led
first column middle first column private
press press press press press press
right
no with a more middle no yes yes no I
know I'm right
first left no okay
yes middle no right yes okay okay no
it's nothing
I know th ing first column it'll hold
you our words the number four with the
four numbers underneath my nutsack all
right what's the number safe more and
then three four two one
yeah if the display is for press the
button in the fourth position well what
number was it we gotta remember these
things okay all right what's the display
say three first position before that's
the next number sis form the first
position says for they hit it hit it
whatever was okay Stage three
what's a great third position hit the
button in the third position it says
three okay one same position as you
pressed in stage one which was the
fourth position hit the fourth position
for same label you pressed in stage
three try it we starting over from one
yeah I mean what's the number for fourth
position one okay
stay what's this next one to same
position you press the stage once press
the fourth position
fourth all it says for now that's all
what did you hit for fourth position
okay now what's the wasn't displace a no
no no I'm gonna get you through alive I
have to get you through a life at least
at least once at least once I'm terrible
this game wasn't one terrible I can't
remember I'm not good at remembering
shit just pen
that's cheating no so I didn't have a
pen I do have a pen I got a pen in my
little thing above our give me a sec let
me pull it up I've got a pen and I've
got a little-bitty no pet adorable
I always use my Cologne good we're gonna
use your anybody notepad then it's gonna
be great we're gonna get some new side
of shit oh that's just a drive they're
probably okay oh right II here's my pad
and my adorable little Oh spring-loaded
got it earns a noble's all right right
now we're gonna do this and we're gonna
do this right yeah cuz I care about you
and I need you to live here can hated me
to live in real life this is turning
into my worst nightmare sleeping
together at the foot giant erson my Joe
and not you know after having climbed
the hill together know we'd be blown off
that fucker let's go let's go the brow
is bailed
all right try forsaken bomb it's got the
little room symbols symbols the check
mark things something looks like a
tennis racket something that look kind
looks like a spider holding a sword and
the spider holding a sword it's a
triangle with like look at you choo
train like a choo-choo engine kind of
okay and in the curly age thing tennis
racket Chuck Martin check China striker
check mark okay
choo-choo train things with swords
spider done okay Oh Ellie Edie
he's on first style led bottom first
column bottom next what with a question
mark
no you H huh you h u h you're why are
you are hold yes what okay never I'm
just like blank nothing wrong th ing
first column middle you why oh you sure
this that's not good okay
they are th ey space ar e first column
middle aha
u h hu h u h hu 8 yes yeah that's the
first word it says yes that's the middle
one hidden so it says bottom right
oh you h hu h okay is you h hu h they're
hidden so weird
you're why oh you are the second column
middle nope
and o blank be Li NK u HHH wait no wait
wait star yes okay hit hit hit
why are you
there's another one fuck these things
second column middle WH 80 question mark
you hold you apostrophe re your letter
you done okay
nothing I know th ing another one of
these yes oh shut up and just do it
first on the middle okay middle no oh
god dammit so comment to stop stopping
to comment because you're just wasting
time complaining thought he could
complain about it there are two sections
of those yeah we had to what's on first
this Jesus Christ what sure you know
some of the more forgiving ones really
you have to remember anything
oh no I can't I can't tolerate this we
have to do it again and again and again
until until you're absolutely miserable
I guess falls asleep in my hands fall
asleep we have to do what do you really
want to blow up you had any explosives
chat Jack can you please send us an
explosive in the mail caddy firework
sorry everybody set off fireworks she
grabbed their size the story behind that
I remember just sending off like cherry
bombs or no lady yes we knew we knew she
would freak out so when I said we're
gonna let off fireworks I called the
mouse pops just make them sound as
harmless as possible he said yeah we're
just gonna we're just gonna be Mike
we're just gonna stop some Mouse pops
down here they're just some Mouse pops
we called the mouse box just to make it
sodas home together yeah so he's ball
fires but you were selling them I mean a
grand of the carpet was shed but you're
setting I think sure those might have
been strapped to my chest didn't that
hurt put something behind it it's fine
pain is temporary film is forever I
still think you're incredibly lucky that
she didn't get permanently paralyzed
taking a wheelchair down the stairs all
right do put us think you've ever done
sounds like you're blowing up mice I
don't know about blowing up mice but
have you ever seen the Monty Python
episode do they've got the mice chain is
trained to squeak on pitch and you
started sitting in with a hammer you
deserve let's go let's go oh I'm
probably gonna blow up so I get what I
deserve
unfortunately I get reincarnated so this
must be like some kind of hellish
afterlife okay the number thing number
two the memory man numbers oh I got
displays to button in the second
position one okay display is to first
button in the same position you pressed
in stage one which is the second option
so what was the number four four okay
what does gonna say no one but with the
same label you Preston say stage two
which was four
right what what position was that inner
first position wasn't the first position
or this is the fourth stage now right
yeah what does it say it says form yes
same position in stage two which was
position to what number was a one okay
what's it say four same label of stage
three perform the button that says four
done what do we have first was in first
wasn't it
bottom right blank boa m'kay
wait right oka why okay hit it next you
why will you space a re bomb right what
you HHH yes okay next
y ou you our second column middle uh as
you re the words you are done done had
it done okay
yeah there's the the backwards casing a
smiley face with its tongue out and
upside down question mark very you mean
the back-to-back case yes alright the
choo-choo and an upside-down question
mark and a smiley face did you chew the
backward case the upside-down question
mark and the smiley face Oh 52 seconds
point 67 we're done okay I don't suppose
you even want to switch places we're
just done we're done that's fair we do
stream for a while and I think that's
fair no if you want to talk about stuff
and just you around and play some game
or something and fine with that
you put up with a lot tonight and I'm
very proud of you
there's some kind of silly little game
you want to play or something that we
call it yep oh I made pretty good time
there's a big X and going the other way
but stay up I was talking to inanimate
objects for you
really yes shockingly what's free play
um let me just randomized completely
I've never actually done free play
hey hey where'd you leave off last time
oh wait we have like more yes that's why
we gonna figure out where we left off
last time I forgot to put the bookmark
in my friend tell you well I think you
own our car we in that one and I'm mine
okay
well and Oh wha stickin might be new
thank you and the real v on thank you
Dagobah Dave usually that one Dagobah
Dave we actually actually know that's in
pizza train those and skeletal stew was
okay and Ernest condos before me stock
levels I think sausage toes okay milk
biscuits is the new one the first new
what I think buttermilk biscuits twelve
months in a row twelve months in a row
thank you figure sad woman I hope we
make you feel a little bit better you
have you have some company today well
I'm just stressed out blowing up woman
and wouldn't have you were recent grad
while you were away dunder some good
done
Derk done dark zone II thank you for
subscribing nice bone badger thank you
and sure that's supposed to be like
for Ice Road Truckers yeah if something
I better thank you for subscribing do
you like I do like me some ice road
trucker sometimes we really appreciate
it and have a donation here gobbledygook
says good stream I don't think I've seen
rich this happy while streaming would
check oh and maybe Karen might want to
try DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free you fucks
I don't own a ps4 but I think
gobbledygook works for DC Universe
Online at this point he's always
promoting it well it might be quality
well I'm more of like Lego Indiana Jones
kind of a girl you know like the kiddie
games or casual everything rich is the
gamer and might as my head still cut off
I kind of framed it up for Karen and
Karen's tiny thank you Carrie it's sit
up straight I think I think they want me
to slouch then you can see my forehead
there's a problem is this oh yeah
totally totally yeah I'm only I just
pulled myself up a little it was so
awful yeah I'm only like 5 feet tall so
awful I miss having hair Oh what's not
one looks better in person the lights
shining off your forehead on them in
that shot yeah really notice that when
you're in person
good night everybody powder Florida hope
you enjoyed the stream
have a nice night nice to see you all
Karen Playgirl home it's never worked
yet short parents yes
