Episode 034
Pony Up for Pony Island (Part 2)
March 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay-mSEzWi3M
___________________________________________

he's rich but he is battling Satan for
all this right now that's right yeah
the science and physics don't have to
make sense but the story needs to make
sense within the world that exists
that's true that's true and I think it
does with in Star Wars then picking in
itself doesn't invalidate the thing it
says right what talking about something
that actually is intended for children
aren't we
Star Wars yeah yes but again that
doesn't matter I think I think it's
consistent within itself I think they do
a fine job of explaining all the things
they need to explain everything's fine
it's just Star Wars how do I get my
ticket it's it's taunting me Jack it's
taunting probably has something to do
with that start that if I have something
to do with weeping hollow right you
think this isn't I've been where all
right I grabbed a thing that was the
thing there was a thing there yeah what
was there I'm gonna floating face coin
thing a floating face coin you say which
is still gone so I obviously I have
collected it okay well there you go
dude why are we talking about Star Wars
when Adam Sandler made a thing you're
right and there's some sort of alternate
path here is there a place you can fall
down here perhaps purposefully fall down
there
oh wait wasn't there a water on this one
maybe you could fall into the water turn
into this thing that was your mouse yeah
yep
I remember jesting thanks do it adjust
it all adjust it all man that's you know
beer Meister that's a good question this
Pony disarm bombs I like that great
what yeah why would you watch that Adam
Sandler thing we're everybody needs to
be done with Adam Sandler now we no
longer watch Adam Sandler things even
out of morbid curiosity what the hell is
going on it oh you moved the window your
mouse got too high out so
I don't I know nothing about the Star
Wars extended universe what are they
saying about the Star Wars extended
universe telegin is asking who's my
favorite Star Wars extended universe
characters or expanded etu character I
assume EU means I hate the EU like
almost almost across the board yeah
except I like the game Jedi Knight so I
guess it's Kyle Katarn by default there
you go there you go I think I'm gonna
say Han Solo how the turns basically Han
Solo with a lightsaber
oh then guitar he sounds awful you say
he get all the fun Jedi stuff like light
swords without the bullshit philosophy I
like that I like that you get all the
fun magical ass-kicker II without the
spirituality crap there's a there's an
animated show that my kids like watching
Star Wars rebels that takes place before
a new hope and there's a young Jedi in
training there and he makes his own
lightsaber and this is a show that is on
the Disney Channel it's meant for kids
you know his lightsaber is half
lightsaber and a half a light slingshot
like you can turn it over and it like is
it it's a slingshot that swings like
laser bolts to see straight
straight out of the ear straight out of
the extended universe but I was like oh
that's cute you know what kids like that
it's cute it's it you know I think it's
not a bad show we've only seen the first
season but it's fun I have some fun
characters it is the oh it's on Disney
XD sorry Tiberius Kirk
it's cute perfectly acceptable you like
how rich denies he loved Star Wars rich
and go my my commit sorry why do you
think it's denial rich is a man who
loves hard boring science yes yes Star
Wars is a fantasy movie take Star Wars
and instead of x-wings they're riding
dragons and set up lightsabers they have
swords and you would have a Lord of the
Rings movie it is a fantasy movie rich
likes hard science it's it's perfectly
reasonable oh my god how do you do that
one that's a fun puzzle huh yeah gravity
rebels is a fun show I really like
rebels it's fine it's fine
oh that's right rich because you fucking
love Star Wars that wasn't rich that was
just some guy in a Darth Vader mask but
it's true yeah so I don't know what
you're talking about
there's no proof that space wizards
don't exist you're right Jetix text
you're right you're right dude dude dude
hard science I hear that HBO is making a
foundation series will azimoff roll in
his grave HP has been making some good
stuff so they might do some justice I
have watched a little bit of the Clone
Wars cartoon and man is that ugly oh
wait there's a couple Clone Wars
cartoons there's like the ugly one and
the good one right I have never seen a
single frame of either show there's one
that has like an animation style kind of
like Samurai Jack and I think that's
supposed to be the good one ohh oh my
god you just hacked your way out of that
and then there's one that's like 3d
animated and all the humans look ugly as
sin so I could never watch it because
all the humans are ugly as sin you don't
even have to double-click on the jump
you just hold it down okay and the wind
pops out at the height at the top that's
nice yeah I can't I don't think those
are supposed to be the hard gloomiest
past rich hmm did you not make it
through that's where I did what perhaps
there's something else
yep in this level
yeah I've heard great things about the
tart Chuck coughs key1 the person who
could samurai jacket Dexter's Laboratory
and Powerpuff Girls right but there is
there's a Clone Wars cartoon that that
didn't Guinea
Jenny kindy gandi gandi did so anyway
did my kids see the new movie yeah they
saw it twice I took them both done
because they like him there's a thing
there's a thing I want to get my pony
ticket yeah you have to find where's my
pony ticket what happens if you just
click back to the first one now
interesting so yeah like they both liked
it they liked it just fine they loved
they loved all of Finn's one-liners all
of his goofiness yeah they cackled like
like children
I think it's up I thought I saw way up
there
into the light yeah do you see like go
to the go to the tree wait wait wait
stop
it's not go to the tree mm-hmm upper
tree and now go left and do you see how
your mouse kind of curves towards it
then I go oh good hijack you see it well
there it is
good eye
I'm super smart Gandhi Jake what he
helped work up our oh so cool get ya
genndy also did Hotel Transylvania which
is not good in what in any sense
whoa
whoa
okay rich yeah if you had to live in a
space adventure movie choose between
alien event horizon and dead space you
just have to live in that universe alien
alien hey why wait well in the universe
that's what they say well you have to
maybe they mean you have to live in the
movie or the game in in dead spaces let
Verizon you're definitely fucked oh god
you're super fucked
super super amazing fuck brothers I've
seen that movie you're super amazing
fuck brothers yeah you can't fight in
Inventor Eisen alright dead space I
don't know enough about we played it at
once we played it that one I think that
seems to be an awful lot of monsters
though there's an awful lot of death and
if you're not the main character you're
kind of fucked I'm not the main
character right alien you have a chance
oh there's a splitting path here rich
you know what I would I might choose
dead space just because I think they
have more weapons available and so it's
like I want the highest probability of
winning alien or aliens or just they
said alien
I mean really alien and you just get in
the scape pod first thing seriously but
you don't know if you're on the ship
with the alien that's the thing you just
have to live in the universe look murder
incidence is not a choice but you're
dead no matter what pretty much
I'm not surviving any of these choices
so why do I care I I just like the idea
of like you have to live in this
universe and you know like let's say you
live in in the alien universe right and
you just know that the aliens exist but
you never know if you're on that
spaceship with the alien that would be
terrible or you know like you live in in
the event horizon world and maybe you're
on a spaceship maybe you're not
traveling past Pluto but you like you
just know it's out there you know that
the hell is out there but no friend
horizon yeah but you're not on the event
horizon you don't you don't know that's
my that's my that's the thing I'm adding
to it is you just live in the universe
in the world here's the thing no in a
world where hell is confirmed to exist
yeah
then logically so is heaven
so you'd become a devout Christian well
I would have some evidence if there
being a god
okay and then you know living forever
sounds kind of sweet okay okay it's
probably the most hopeful of the options
if you don't have to be on the event
horizon ship it is if you're on the
event horizon ship you end up in hell
which is the worst possible case
scenario right but you just live in the
universe you would choose the event
horizon universe is not beyond the event
horizon ship just so you could become a
devout fine Jesus give all your money
away to charity live in poverty and then
take sunshiny beaches babes and drinks
all day for eternity rich you you're
cold logic this is why I logic is better
than space wizard
sprays wizards probably want to fight
the monsters something stupid oh yeah it
was an actual hell it was metaphorical
hell dimension thing but we don't know
that that's hell I tell maybe then
there's a metaphorical heaven dimension
thing and we can get there as long as
you know we accept Jesus into our lives
I like that I like it I think rich has
some solid logic and reasoning here so
it makes me rich Evans system makes you
rich Evans I this assumes rich goes to
heaven look once I have once I am
evidence this is the real thing of the
afterlife then you can convert
absolutely okay
absolutely what do I need to do to get
to get my my eternal loveless I will do
that oh that is a bargain what do you
need that is a bargain sir give up all
my worldly possessions and spend my
dedicate my life helping others
absolutely I get into heaven
great don't think this way no see that
round is a dead end
there's harder to single this there I'm
sure Oh won't have the option
oh my god it seems like we've been we've
been doing a lot of the same stuff for a
while now but but convert to what hey
you know whoever's closest
which needs to convert to an audio
compressor even with a compressor it's
never it nothing can help returns
bankers are gonna win this one good
is this the playoffs way they're gonna
win do we want to win them to win or
it's terrible I don't know
oh sorry everybody I'm cracking my
knuckles out of habit and I don't know
if you heard that I know some people do
not like the sound of knuckles cracking
I enjoy it because it makes me think of
cracking my own knuckles which is
something I enjoy we don't want the
Redskins to win okay great nope why
don't we want the Redskins to win I have
nothing against the Redskins
I'm sure the Redskins are fine people
they're all fine for you you know listen
except for their horribly racist name
besides that besides that and their
insistence that it's not horribly racist
I'm sure they're all fine people if you
remove that one thing so you just want
both of them to be hey I don't oh no you
did it his ex over is it yeah great you
did it great
oh oh there's more let me find out what
that other thing was sure sure
doo-doo-doo I would choose to live in
the Bible cinematic universe don't think
they haven't thought you've done a while
to find me Mordor and go back to leave
this place or I may show you a vision
what dreams may come cinematic universe
may be but the actual like biblical
Bible probably not the best idea
God's a prick pay any attention to the
Bible oh here we go and it sounds like
God's idea of heaven may be having your
freewill stripped and sitting there
worshipping God for eternity if it's a
nice stick with stick with stick with
what dreams may come
Abu al Kindi he fought for his his name
was Abu al Kindi
he fought for his city that was the
person who killed me okay so we're
Theodore
we are Theodore we are dead we we left
behind a mother and daughter and abu al
Kindi killed me he fought for his city
so some lost soul lost soul is going to
be AB well kindy Oh
anything to kill me again or if you're
trying to help Theodore these wood names
or something this is some kind of
historical reference to something I'm
sure I'm sure it has a very deep meaning
that we're not grasping okay great
can we get out of her chair what back oh
sorry yeah Redskin owner is Jewish so
good luck calling him racist oh if he if
he insists on having the name Redskins
he's a racist
so Jew can't be a racist anyone could be
anyone can be erased yes that's that's
how it works
see you too much nuke too much nucleus
posted a link that will have spoilers in
it so we will not read that wink to link
to your Wikipedia article doo doo I told
you to take a break I need more time
here you're not ready for the boss fight
typo
hold on yeah call them the Jew skins
that might be nice
where's that ten-foot pole where is it
you're not touching this one I can't
find our Pole oh I guess we're not
touching it I thought it I thought that
was a funny comment and I decided to
read it probably I probably shouldn't
have but hey that's it's fine
everything's everything's gonna be fine
oh that's an excellent onion article
everyone should read that okay here we
go oh oh we got a lot of red now a lot
of people are talking about create more
ponies do it oh yeah well oh thank you
my Zuri - yeah Meissner not to get back
on on Star Wars but yeah the other thing
we did talk about was Ray's ability to
fly the Falcon which was a bit of a
problem for me in the rewatch I was
looking out for that she does have a
throwaway line about being a pilot
though never going off planet
she has flown before and later when
she's talking to Han Solo she mentioned
specifically working on the Falcon with
its current owner and so she would be
familiar with the Falcon and she has
flown before so everything's fine
no more Star Wars talk let's see here
people still care about Star Wars it's
it's still pretty it's pretty close
okay great thanks jack yeah so Meisner
Meisner one is correct they did they did
address that in the movie and
everything's fine all the time rich okay
getting back to fun subjects rich if you
could live in the universe of the room
Battlefield Earth or trawl to which
would you have to go with the room yeah
yeah but but you never know he's gonna
try to turn you into plants you know the
deal with these monster aliens yeah you
just though you never know if if Tommy
Wiseau is gonna show up and start
talking to you you could which is worth
it people just keep randomly walking
into your house and saying hello hello
hi rich oh hi mark a higher ed oh hi
jack
you seem to be doing good today want to
throw football hello world's
you're moving to San Fran later this
year that's great San Francisco's a
lovely place I hope you do well I love
tossing the ball around what
what I don't know what okay great no oh
hell-oh not loading
yeah these puzzles are getting old yeah
great
how about the Star Wars or Indiana Jones
universe whatever okay great great I
might choose this tower's universe it
might be super fun to fly in space
she's always blown up she's always you
know an Indiana Jones universe has
non-stop Nazis I don't want that I'd
rather have my planet suddenly blow up
whole games getting a little bit I'm
hoping we're getting close to the end I
don't know if that's I doubt that's true
and we have we have you gotten second
thing deleted yet No oh yeah oh Lord
Belmont have either of you heard the
disaster artist audiobook I highly
recommend it also are you excited for
the disaster artist movie I still have
yet to read the book I have yet to see
the movie I have to still haven't seen
the room what do you read the book all
right
oh yeah that's good I hear great things
about it
surely fine
surely fine rich it's got nothing today
rich has got nothing today zero
punctuation picked undertale as his game
of the year no but it's good fine game
oh yeah whatever one says his game here
I'll give a shit it's a completely
meaningless designation has nothing to
do with what you like I think it's great
undertale was was a lot of fun I don't
know if I'll ever I'm not really
compelled to finish it but it was a lot
of fun I can see why someone would
really like it so good good I'm glad I'm
glad it's doing well I'm always happy
when independent things do well I like I
like that uh tourism I like the idea of
just you know making something because a
pluck and gumption gonna make this
little game about a bunny rabbit I'm
gonna do it you see sometimes they work
I'm kind of I'm gonna make a little game
about a spaceship and you and you got a
fire at things but you could always
pause it hop kind of toy
oh speaking of did you see the did you
see the trailer for dead bolt dead bolts
dead bolts no hop on the hype train the
risk of rain team is getting ready to
release their next game okay
dead bolts tell me about dead bolt it is
a 2d pixel graphic oh oh right right in
their wheelhouse but it's an action game
with a stealth a key on stealth and so
you have to go you play this like
skeleton face man and you have to go
around killing people but there is a
there is a there's a huge stealth
element to it and it looks interesting
yeah there's not a lot of gameplay you
can glean from it yet but like the risk
crane and Chris Chris to do Lou the guy
who did the risk of rain soundtrack he
was doing the soundtrack forever so it
very least have buying the soundtrack
yeah yes dead bolt is just like wedlock
thank you
then deadbolt
it's like wedlock nice thank you
everybody for getting it tell us the
wedlock joke yeah you know I don't never
want to get married never want to get
married you know
you know wedlock that's a little too
close to deadbolt for me okay so who
told that joke again it was a stand-up
comic that I saw years and years and
years ago and in a sleazy stand-up comic
comedy plays and that was his joke and
crowd went nuts it ruined your faith in
humanity no I loved it at the time I was
young I was very young when I heard that
joke and I just loved the idea of
stand-up comedy which game has the best
music risk of rain I've said that over
and over and over again risk of rain has
the best soundtrack that is a soundtrack
I just listened to on its own from time
to time because I loved it so fucking
much Chris Chris to do also just
re-released all of the sound assets for
the game every single bleep and loop in
the game you can purchase and make your
own songs from the risk of rain engineer
edition but uh oh no I missed the
blood-borne speedrun oh my god Oh agdq
yeah for games done quick yeah someone
beat blood-borne in 46 minutes
they probably glitch the fuck out of it
though I'm gonna tell they do these
things I want to re-watch it I'm gonna
rewatch it I I miss just about all of 80
agdq yep Karen wasn't um oh sure I had
it in the background while I was doing a
lot of stuff always fun did you see the
the two-player Metroid any of that oh no
you miss Sullivan yeah there was they
were doing a Metroid run where one
person controlled the d-pad and one
person controlled the buttons that's
work together it was great it was great
yeah Fez has a good soundtrack I have a
lot of video game soundtracks that I
really like
it was a bad unengaging run well I'll
put it on in the background I just like
to see how he like got through some
stuff I think that'd be fun
right now by the way in blood-borne for
anyone who is playing the DLC I just got
to the orphan of Kos and that guy's
awesome he attacks you with like he has
a weapon but the weapon looks like a
meat slab with a blade on it and it I
can swing around on a chain it's awesome
hello Beelzebub dot exe doopa doopa
doopa I wasn't that great around well
put it on there was a blindfolded
punch-out that was great I didn't catch
that I caught that okay
now games done quick is always fun you
know and it's always fun they have fun
gimmicks great crypt of the necrodancer
has a great soundtrack what was what was
that game now that we played a Titan
titanfall not titanfall Titan
okay what is that cold tighten tighten
tighten tighten what's happening go away
Satan Satan
obviously FTL soundtrack is an amazing
soundtrack what is that I have to
remember
Titan souls the soundtrack for Titan
Souls is really really great and that
Dave David Fenn did another game called
leaf me alone and I've never played the
game but I have the soundtrack and I
think it's great David
Fenn someone uh knows the other
soundtrack someone sent me a song that
was really great
oh life formed the the fast fall
soundtrack is also really great so that
meat slab is the placenta from the dead
thing that the orphan comes out of
that's so great
I'm having I'm losing that fight a lot
but it's a fun fight so I think I'm
clicking off screen a lot oh sure
I wonder if you can find a way to to
fullscreen it but just change the
resolution so it probably you can run
fuck around with that for an hour one
hour
yes Titan Souls yeah the Titan Souls
soundtrack is really amazing
dooty dooty to do
they're saying aim for the jaw I'm doing
okay great
the mouse is moving see if we have to I
have to play this in a window or a blown
stream right and the mouse is hitting
the desktop rather than the game
frequently and that's fucking things up
you're doing it right there you go
you're doing it Oh see it click on
screen luckily though when you click off
screen it usually pauses it nice nice
you're doing it okay great what am I
looking at you are looking at what is
this called again pony island Pony
Island a game not about ponies
you're doing it Peter now you are being
led astray can't you see that destroying
these files will prevent you from
playing Pony island but is drawing the
files is the only way to advance the pot
oh that's great there's a meta meta to
this meta game apparently this game is
nothing but met up
for oh that's gas in the real world
that's great that's great this game was
made by Charlie Kaufman I get it
this is Oh Charlie Kaufman Charlie
Kaufman
did you ever see adaptation Oh Oh did
you see that yeah we're just in the real
world for the real one for a little bit
or Being John Malkovich yeah yeah I was
thinking of Andy Kaufman yeah yeah all
right did some meta stuff but I don't
see what you'd make the connection if
they go foot yeah we we were in full
screen and obaa kept on pausing there
earlier like it wouldn't it wouldn't
stream runs black screen or frame frozen
frozen oh yeah OBS so that's why we have
to go not full screen obviously it still
looks full screen to you oh wait can you
um can - what can you look at OBS for a
second they're telling us but everything
looks fine to us oh I thought they said
that something was wrong
nevermind next time it's fine
everything's fine adaptation is a great
movie that is true isn't he he's working
out a new one
there's a new Charlie Kaufman movie
coming out I think oh that's it right
animal animal ISA and ammo Lisa is the
new
okay so this is the new pony island I
like that how after after we got ghasts
we immediately went back to play more
Coney Island there was no other there
was any other option oh no I know I
think it just turned okay I wasn't
paying enough attention to what was
going on you'll need it to blow away
butterflies oh you don't want to do the
upper right hand corner the fit oh yeah
there's there's a little black dot over
here you know that is that that's
actually the greens oh yeah hold on
there there sorry the green screen
creeps sometimes and we weren't noticing
it a lot during the game because the
game was black and white sorry about
that I took care of it you know what I
did I just shoved the green screen
that's how I fixed it is there is this
pink pony in space cop no this
particular pink pony makes no appearance
in space Goblin
yeah that was the flowy voice the flower
voice for my little devil I guess I
could I could choose a different voice
for a little devil here devil like this
hey yeah I don't know Terrell looks like
flowery mixed with papyrus I make I make
your food off spicy huh huh hmm
you win
looks like it's time for the brain
whoa we we've got ourselves a puzzle
this goal is to get this border fly over
to its home this is fucking weird man
the questions over his head yeah now
there's a triangle over on that side and
it's easier - everything's fine have you
seen the walk it's awful no I have not
seen the lock
father mucker yes yes I did the voice
sounds like my spoons to big guy I don't
know what that is I don't either
yeah so I'm sorry
yes I will I will read any Tarantino
dialogue in the flower voice I don't
remember asking you to say a damn thing
what's that now yellow thing over there
an hour can you move it
no you can move those signs though right
but
okay well can you work the big Sam no
and you can't move the yellow thing
whatever that yellow thing is what
happens if you put a sign in the yellow
thing nothing no that yellow thing
why can't even get over there so it's a
moot point well I'm just saying okay oh
I know what you do I know what you do
move the right arrow to that one yeah
yeah okay great
that one that pause there immediately
when he jumps over wait till he jumps
over now put the right air on that one
so I try it didn't work
yes I didn't do it sooner no and like
all right I don't know that I don't know
I don't know why do you expect me to
know these ah ah did you do my spoon is
too big you from web cartoons okay great
hey Jack did you ever read the issue of
chew I stuffed in with the Wonder Woman
comics oh yeah I did eat like a
detective story was amazing what stuff
thanks for sending those by the way I
appreciated have I seen the human race
it is wonderful I have no I'm sorry
doo-doo-doo-doo FYI rich the Packers did
not get hit by an airplane and in fact
won the game the Packers won well that's
shitty apparently that shitty I'm so
sorry
how are we feeling about this game now
get it old it's it's getting terrible
but it's getting old I'm really happy
that they decided to switch it up I
would like them to switch it up again
can you move the big sign sorry your
honor you're already on it been learning
about DSLR photography I have a Sony do
you prefer to buy your D s always based
on your needs or based on shooting style
I I have a DSLR and a couple good lenses
and I find universally that I rarely use
it if that makes any sense
wow you're really smart
Wow let's get back to our adventures
best not to touch the nose
I do you know cuz I have a regular video
camera which also which my lenses are
swappable with and I just find that I
rarely use my DSLR because it's too much
of a pain in the ass video wise you know
very short battery life little memory
card space no audio no good audio inputs
so you know I have it in case I ever
need a second camera and I can't use J
Mike's camera I have it but basically I
have it as a just in case ER and I've
had to use it a couple times and I have
used it a couple times where I my DSLR
does look nicer than my big camera it
has a higher video bitrate setting and
so I can get a sharper image from my
DSLR which unfortunately means I can use
1/4 of the SD card space and I need to
be really careful about when I use it
but I've used it for some projects and
it's looked great Jack here very
pleasant person I try to be
I have the same thing with my dear so I
kind of want to buy a little point like
no you know it's no I don't know I mean
- oh sorry it's a beer skirt my DSLR hat
we're not got any donations where's our
what the fuck no we've had a car
yeah I've been so engrossed in this pony
game I guess I haven't noticed we've had
a couple I have addressed them place for
head to scream to release soul or
continue what's on my shirt this is a
classic slice pizza shirt and so it is a
it is a picture of a pizza I've worn
this year before on the show it's a
picture of a pizza within like an
Illuminati Pizza symbol oh you have to
fight god oh that wacky devil nice
oh nice you killed Jesus
yay
all of those DSLR complaints are valid
my biggest issue at this is my inability
to hold the camera steady while shooting
video that's true get you know and you
know what get yourself a monopod get
yourself a monopod and you can still get
that handheld look that kind of jiggly
look but it'll be a lot steadier you kid
great that's really great oh so I mean
dslr's there's there's a lot of good to
them the the biggest good to them is
their price
the DSLRs are universally cheaper than
pro grade video cameras so there's a lot
of good to be had there you just need to
understand their limitations and and
work around them and a lot of times when
you work around their limitations like
getting extra batteries or getting power
adapters or getting more memory cards or
getting better lenses you end up with
you end up spending the same amount of
money you would spend with a nice video
camera no with your face I'm just I
don't know what's wrong with me
I'm very sorry hi I
right I'm scared mama what the cat fuck
is coming out of my mouth that was my I
was trying to like distort his voice a
little bit to kind of glitch it out and
it just started doing them and so that's
just that's just what was happening and
I apologize if I permanently scarred
anyone but that's just meant to just
sound worked ASIC comes off none I feel
like a dingus propping up my monochronic
hammer against the wall when I walk away
from shooting yeah yeah Jack found the
acid it's true Jack save Jack rich save
him there's no saving Jack there's no
saving me there's no saving me yeah
why do you network hold your horses
whoever just tipped us Lord Belmont says
best of 2015 for you to Sicario the
hateful eight the revenant Mad Max fury
road or Brooklyn also have you seen the
big red one with Mark Hamill you know
what my real problem is I've only seen
one of those movies which is Mad Max
fury road and Mad Max fury road is
amazing and Mad Max fury road is amazing
I made the worst choice ever over my
vacation I had an opportunity to see the
revenant and I chose not to I chose to
see Jurassic world instead and that was
a poor poor decision I thought another
opportunity would come up in which I
could see no the revenue no and it did
not and so and I wasn't sure whether or
not Lisa would want to watch oh yeah
just choose you know the safe option and
that was the bad I'm very sorry I'm very
sorry
Mad Max is great though okay what is
this
anonymous just sent us a picture that
they drew for us thank you and I'm as I
love that picture I know Mike said he
loved Jurassic world and I have yet to
talk to him about why he loved dressing
room but I would I would hedge some bets
and say that he he probably doesn't
remember much about Jurassic world so
that's what I'm gonna guess at least I
can lie but every likes Mike and like I
don't care it's fine
is it is it fine I have not seen the
hateful eight what are your views on
Tarantino in general I really like his
movies he's a very talented filmmaker I
don't I I think I I have I think
Tarantino has a very interesting way of
making films and usually you hate his
movies until you're halfway through and
then they're the best things ever and I
you know what I still haven't seen
Django I haven't seen Django Unchained
yet I saw I'm just behind up behind many
times but Tarantino is a great filmmaker
he makes good movies I'm sure that
hateful eight is great you know why he
makes good movies I can't think of a bad
Tarantino movie I'm sure there's one I
just can't think of it
dammit I don't know what do you have any
specific feelings on Quentin Tarantino
no okay as I tried it it's fine fine
person finally at five five okay he's
fine filmmaker
yeah Jurassic world is really mad I made
a tweet the other day where it's like
right now I watched Jurassic world less
than a week ago and I cannot remember
any character from Jurassic world like
it or I can't remember any names the
name of any character from Jurassic
world and I saw it less than a week ago
so
so no I don't I'm sure people have views
I'm Quentin I think it's fine I actually
might that's my biggest problem with
Quentin Tarantino is I never feel the
urge to like go out and see his movies
because I'm sure they're gonna be great
oh I think he did it no I know I'm sure
they're gonna be great and I'm sure I'll
see them eventually and then they'll be
great so I never have any urgency to see
his movies because I know they're gonna
be great no I hate this puzzle rich
hates this puzzle I hate all of humanity
I also hate this puzzle I already forgot
about Bohr - you're right pillow again
oh good old bort bort from Jurassic
world there was though there's a big
there's a subplot in Jurassic world
about bored and running out of name tags
and the theme park or something like
that I remember that specifically Oh
bort you know I in in general I'm not a
fan of you no longer movies with
intermissions but I'm sure I'm sure it's
gonna be fine I don't like the idea of
an intermission I don't like the idea of
leaving a movie and I'm coming back to
finish the movie but that was how he
wanted to make the film so I'm sure it
takes that into account
please get rich out of whatever slump
he's in tonight you know party that's
the game part of that too the weather
which is rich is just rich I'm okay
tonight he's fine what do you what do
you want out of me what do you people
want your fight you're fighting Satan
and playing Pony Island I'm trying to
figure out this puzzle I've had my fair
share of jokes tonight yeah
so if an y'all could settle the fuck
down is there is there anything that
that Butchie flower is there anything to
do with that Gucci flower so now that I
can figure out I couldn't put anything
on it okay the the digital projection
showings of hateful a don't have an
intermission oh I think I would almost
prefer the intermission just because of
how long it is I'm gonna need a bathroom
break so no no like I saw last year
during the Milwaukee Film Festival they
showed 2001 a Space Odyssey with the
intermission break and the the overture
and all that and it was fine it was it
was hard coming back to it though after
the intermission just cuz I'm so used to
a one sitting movie mm-hm
so it was just a hard adjustment but if
I go in knowing that you know I'm sure
we find everything it's always fine
everything's always fine jaqen firm for
tiny bladder sometimes sometimes I like
coffee and beer I like I like a lot of
liquid in me at all times let's see here
nope do rich try to send the blue
butterfly to the glitchy flower mm yeah
I like that idea
see what happens if you move here if you
move that alright I like that I like
that my last encounter before this enter
back to leave this place so I may soon
show you one final vision show me wha
did we die at a Renaissance Faire
when did I die where did I go how did I
get here ooh I mean we might be what if
what if you know what if this get rich
yeah this game is hell yeah that's what
I'm thinking what did you just figure
that out
well like I got a bet it was hell but
it's like it's actually hell yeah yeah
how did I get here maybe I'm starting to
type in how did I get here and it's
gonna say you were not a good man or
something right yeah
how did I get here lol fuck macaque yep
so exam Bell damn souls come here before
moving on okay great
okay
hi great Oh No
yeah idea I don't wanna do this no more
Oh has it always done that glitch thing
yeah this puzzle sucks
maybe now let the blue one go all the
way down he goes nowhere
huh he goes nowhere thank you this
button here yeah needs to be hit to open
that game somebody needs to be going
through that gate at the same time this
button gets pressed right oh right right
I don't know I don't know
John you have two pink one into the
house before the door closes put
splitter first put it back to first what
so that didn't work
teleporter in the middle make the
butterfly on the far right get looped to
the middle oh there we go
Hey nice to be fair I figured it out
right before you started reading the
chat okay but thank you thank you but I
didn't I didn't need any of you you were
figuring it out you were on your way you
were right on your way
