Episode 038
Blundertale (More Undertale Part 2)
March 12, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRsvBzq1fGo
___________________________________________

how do I get back to the three finger
swipe that way a rich do you have a
highlight or favorite moment from ash
vs. Evil Dead
okay Oh No I'm crazy-crazy
whoa well hey what's up is that it I
think that's it no no go go all-in go
all-in
hey what's up I was just thinking you me
Andrew - you know Matt sometime
I'm doing Bobcat yeah it's you could
take out the Bobcat Goldthwait you've
got it hang out sometime people saying
crazy Skeletor I think you would make
great pals let's meet up at her house
later
click the Pyrus was southern oh oh
that's right he didn't have a little
southern thing oh man I don't remember
I'm so sorry Paris
Wow Paris
yeah okay I'll get him okay
Oh
I can just run away right away come on I
have a favorite moment from ash vs. Evil
Dead well that whole first episode is
great showing up to dinner covered in
blood is pretty great
going to the ladies parents house so the
parents house it's not a moment but
there's a character I kind of love how
are we on like spoilers yeah
near the end of the show there's a
character who shows up her name is
Heather Nutter is a fairly big role
I mean she's one of the campers what oh
she is great she's great she she made
she made those episodes work much better
than they would have without that
character I'm kind of weird loop here
rich talk to the guy check what's wrong
I can't that says Jack was right just
say keep going right there's a there's a
there's a lava pit they say keep going
right oh oh yeah I did I miss the bridge
okay sorry I didn't see the bridge a saw
the lava hammer no haha I can't give up
oh hey we did it
good safer huh see if you can save her
oh yeah I can pray give her some water
water cooler water yes take we're gonna
make friends or she's gonna try and kill
you again hey the way even one died in
the water yes
and skies out Feist out says and he ran
so far away
see you later who done mmm
turn around him that's good hey where'd
sands go seize yourself a bitch I want
to talk to you I wanna know you got it
you don't want to talk to you sands well
be sweet doggy howdy what the hell is
that I don't know but I'm gonna talk to
I'm gonna take this cup of water twitch
plays prereq playing undertale
okkkk
are you just carrying that around looks
sophisticated cuz it's not working I got
no real voice there's not a character
that's coming through I do have it was
like an embryonic voice that just never
took off okay hey hey yeah I was thirsty
so I came over food waterfall to get a
drink
extreme extreme dream hmm let's have
this cup of water
Oh rated - ooh and a saved yes we want
that seeing such a strange laboratory in
a place like this you're filled with
determination I've gotta say it like a
question determination
sorry Owen guy like told us that way I
tell you Kiwis yeah your legs as well
cards are packing all key out of here
before now okay even if the elevators
aren't working
Avery oh okay I got the other guy
thought every person is the same thing
nope
okay he's excuse me fine with mutes what
knowing that oh my god that's an awesome
lamp that is an awesome lab but knowing
that I can go in there makes me want to
go to death row long I'm the river bond
or I am the river when it doesn't mean I
love to write in my book
would you care to join me retching bath
no I am then perhaps another time
Oh perhaps not it doesn't really matter
I seem I'm gonna say at the lab first
yeah see what's up any what Oh neat
they're watching you I don't like that
it's is you you okay okay
it's too dark to see any of the walls
Dan Wilson for the next voice dan
Wilson's like a tactical Duke
you can't just trap that baby out all
the time it'll it'll destroy you
agreed here we go oh oh my god boy -
well I didn't expect you to show up so
soon
well I have a shower and I'm barely
dressed it's it's all messy and ow oh
yeah hello I'm dr. elfies I'm I'm a
scourge royal scientist
oh my Bible poniendo well I'm well I'm
not one of the bad guys or no I actually
you said as you said you stepped out of
the ruins I've well I've been observing
your journey through my console Oh your
your fights your friendships and
everything everything actually I I was
originally going to stop you but but
well watching so without a screen it
really hit really it makes me root for
them yes so so I know and I hope you
well using my knowledge I can easily
guide you through what land I I know a
way right to ask horse no problem no no
problem um well well actually Yamaha
lawyers there's just a tiny tiny issue
how long long time ago I need a
roadblock name a mint I yeah I
originally I built him to be AI that
entertainment you know under tame and
robot out uh uh well you know I like
like like a robot TV star or something
you know hey yeah anyway uh recently I
decided to make him more useful oh yeah
you know like just just some small
practical just you're throwing them the
robot made
oh my god well yeah and and and it's
human anti-human combat beaches I
thought it was a good idea at the time
of course when I saw you coming I
immediately decided well I gotta have to
remove those features unfortunately I
made CC mistake when I don't doing so
why um
now he's gonna tappable killing machine
first one but hopefully I we wrote a
we're uh woman and Al did you hear
something
Oh oh dear oh oh oh no oh no oh no oh
yes welcome beauties to today's quiz
show oh boy I can already tell it's
gonna be great everyone give a big hand
for our wonderful contest and he's kind
of got me yeah yep never played before
gorgeous no problem it's sample there's
only one full answer correctly or you
die medicine
cry nobody render some vulnerable to
attack oh great let's start with an easy
one
what's the price for answering correctly
oh I did not I was gonna say more more
questions but I guess I could cry
here's your terrific prize what's the
king's both aim desk or something
correct
what a terrific answer screaming is
against the rules enough about you let's
talk about me
what are robots made of little magic yep
too easy for you huh wanna cry anymore
here's another easy one for you to train
straight legs and feet both drinks apart
never wrong frog frog frog why you
could've let me read it I could have
mini guesstimated yeah sure oh shit he
has ten attack if we get hit again I
think yeah don't count on your victory
how many flies are in this jar Oh God
it's kind of you there's got to be a
trick
come play later you don't answer it's
half like recovery
yeah good let's play memory game what
monster is this froggen oh boy that's
embarrassing hey where's my templates
you use them all of them
the only good like 2 HP for that I don't
know we've been using the controller
what what key do i press to go back d
thank you
ok look at the other character
of course thank you
but can you get this one
would you smooch a ghost well thank ya
great answer great answer I love it I
can't look at the other character I can
only look at nothing D does not go back
when we just use the controller in this
one oh there yeah what is it
z oh no x goes back
that's mercy here's a sample one how
many letters in the name met at sea see
look at all she sinks he oh look at the
other care I get it time to break out
the big guns in the dating simulation
video game uh I know this in the void I
scream problem in the snail flavor she's
the only one who wants it it's one of my
favorite but actually well very it's a
very powerful message about friendship
then I'll face a face I'll face you
aren't helping our contestant argue oh
you should have told me I'll ask that
question you'll be sure to know the
answer to who does dr. Alfie's have a
crush on thank you Saturday yes Lee my
my how conceited can you get I love it
and while you are completely wrong you
deserve some credit
I've seen her watch you on her computer
screen smiling when you sexy drinking
when you fail and powers always
whispering no wrong you have to go that
way in its own way
is this not love well well well where's
dr. houses helping you
the show has no dramatic tension we
can't go on like this but but this was
just the pilot episode next up bar drama
bar romance
Mar bloodshed until next time
oh well that was certainly something you
know it's half empty
wait wait wait let me give you my phone
number
rather than their baby Evie the help I
can yell when you get there that frown
it's a science ancient so it doesn't
even have jacks ting yeah I can't wait
wait a second pull please right cool
hold on oh here I upgraded for you I
felt like I'm the fork I didn't even bug
you can get even exacts things got like
it's got like keychain side chef for the
under houses over one social network
it's fuck me job now we're officially
going to the bathroom
so the Furcal really come in handy you
take a package of noodles yes
you got the instant noodles speed-up
figure of a female human with cat ears
it's a computer and saxing accessing
some kind of puzzle in Snowden I check
the garbage hey garbage game but it's
pretty cute
there you go
the space behind the ball is only a few
feet wide feet tapping just behind you
don't you know what's telling people are
saying you know presser Frank it's
ripping off the Simpsons yeah really
professor Frank is ripping off Jerry
Lewis of course there's nothing original
in this world did did Hannibal Vera ever
have to pay Jackie Gleason anything from
Fred Flintstone did that ever happen
right for half of their characters their
characters are all basically celebrity
impersonation not basically all I mean
every single one of them all the
Flintstones were the honeymooners
snagglepuss was
was uh was that the hill that
snagglepuss oh me oh my I never did this
he's that he's that actor from like Mary
Poppins and a valise in London I'm bad
actor is that snagglepuss I think so
I remember a lot of the hanna-barbera
all basically were celebrity impressions
oh yeah
oh wait that'll create something that's
kinky that is that's also King candy
you're right it's also King candy from
right yes yes yeah snagglepuss King
candy and and that goodness I think it
might be the maybe just the voice actor
from Mary Poppins I just think about
something sad and it makes me fall to
the ground drinking a soda bopping
dancing on the ceiling Mary Poppins
anyone I've never seen Mary Poppins
you've never seen Mary Poppins maybe
when I was really really young I think I
just I think I'm just seeing bits and
pieces of it actually yeah yeah it's
pretty good that Mary Poppins is a
pretty good
exit stage left stage right even yeah
the man he does the voice of the Mad
Hatter and Alice in Wonderland I'm
saying pretty much the Cowardly Lion the
cat yeah Alfie's updated status just
realized I didn't want you and dine
fight the human bb-but Oh Alfie signed
us up for this album that work thing
what I read heard things yeah by the by
the way alfie is doing that while on the
toilet
she's updating her social network while
on the toilet
uh-huh I'm gonna say just of it I want
to go through that again
well bother says George Jetson was a
Mary Sue Mary Sue's gonna be a whole
thing no I'm just gonna give you that
face we're done we're done that is now a
meme I'm done with that maybe how do I
do that for whatever I'm the river woman
it doesn't really matter I sung every
line I would ride in my boat would you
care to join me where will we go today
Oh then we're off our mother spectacular
adventure load it on G swimmin in the
bird music I called the singing oh the
text even come again sometime oh hey
riches enthusiasm is faker than my
wife's tits what I did this guy before
how'd I do it I just I just do like
gravelly Chi I do deny to Don Wilson was
gone
these little Don wolf
what he's gonna buy some healing items
well although I got some my gosh let me
jump here we go but girl other kid I
believe in that guy's crazy sounds oh
yeah come for a ride young member a girl
whatever the fuck you are
I like the water that doesn't make any
sense at all Tammy believes never gonna
happen
doo dee dee dee dee come again sometime
taught you the killing payment nice
I'm going to tip you guys until I get
rich to do a vo line word-for-word you
gotta go with what feels right for the
character that you're kind of inventing
rich is spicing it up he's adding a
little personality this is what actors
do actors don't read exactly the line
given all the time sometimes they uh
they flesh it out a little bit figure it
out
Vulcan this rolls in was it like some
kind of cat and you didn't attack not a
friendship no no I did it again give
back go back
oh wait I have a red heart that's all
that we need right just to do with the
offense II the attack that makes friends
criticize the courage hug that kind of
hug Thank You Vulcan hug it warms your
heart and your whole body out at your
defense trapped so lovely okay she's
throw at the bright heat
oh now you can do it you can do it
yellow I can do what Niagara merci yeah
hey
okay
get a call to him in a minute you know
even doing anything I just move just
moving out to now that's three fingers
like that
Oh King llama one says Happy New Year
guys thanks the entertainment play Earth
Defense Force maybe what's what's Earth
Defense Force I've heard of it I hate
using the fart I don't want to do this
lmao you know how like on my sandwiches
lmao the made a joke I made a joke seems
mean but does it secretly like you
motherfucker
but I do the human
yeah Oh senator plain does not like
being flirted with oh my god
Centrepointe called me a sicko give it
sicko I'm gonna get close to center plan
for that too close
I'm gonna flirt with him again
I can say some movies and books oh no
whoa I should have learned my lessons
last time
check and rich don't know about don't
know enough about sunderers to get this
joke no no we don't nope
apparently not Thunder plain do you know
what that it means no no
flirting and getting close is not doing
any good which is a bad thing does it
mean anything when it's green green
heels and what I remember
it's one of Chika's mean to you but
likes you okay
no senator green hurt me green heels
touch the green it hurt me did you did
the white inside the green hit you - I
think we just need to clip it sure
oh I get it oh wait
sunderers are a character trope in anime
where they call you an idiot and deny
liking you but really want what's in
your pants okay okay
oh oh em gee ahem I've had my claws some
did you for five minutes
oh gee I'm just gonna do it I'm just
gonna call
starting hung up before your incident Oh
neither of you saw Hey Arnold as a kid
Hey Arnold
hey Arnold probably came out when I was
basically an adulterant yeah so I'm
gonna say no
chant
fire oh this mischievous monster is
never warm enough
whoa fuck oh my god
Jesus fuck let the listeners be far away
from those bombs right you guys are old
and stop it if I could stop being old I
would write oh there are my hair is
what's yellow fire my guess I don't know
I don't know you survived that get up
she's sweet jeebus Christ
which what what do rich-rich I what do
think about Rocksteady into new Ninja
Turtles
he's stupid just like he wasn't the old
cartoon look when it comes to the
turtles of a comic-book guy an old
black-and-white comic book guy bebop and
rocksteady I don't give a shit they're
stupid I can't I can't
here's the thing I can't appreciate a
villain that's just too stupid and
incompetent they're not a good villain
at that point they're just Schmucks yes
this is why I hate cartoons Skeletor and
when I played with my toys
Skeletor was nothing like he was in the
cartoon I'm winning crop which in run
away I couldn't possibly be menacing
Rondo stupid oh hi so the Blazers all
these here the blue lasers won't hurt
you if you don't move orange ones oh
yeah you have to be moving and they pave
the way they well they they they won't
move through those ones it's like a good
goodbye
that's a youth orange you have to move
for once you don't move for blue okay
um do you think rush can I do the kraang
voice once again not up Turtles cartoon
guy I don't know if I can do the crane
voice because I'm not not as fluent in
80s Turtles cartoon it's just my pitch
there's something robot voice in the new
Turtles cartoon we will be standing in
the thing where we stand in the place
where we stand in the thing yes that's
music that's amazing
what
shit
was toys Skeletor a three-dimensional
villain from a rich well I was young
enough I don't know if he was
three-dimensional but he was at least
menacing he wasn't a coward who would
who would run away yeah
you just missed
whole bunch noodles
now they're talking about Thundercats
Thundercats hadn't eaten villains and
meet villains in general yeah
but the Thundercats themselves are so
fucking lame
I couldn't never get into that show yeah
lion-o was a dumb boring motherfucker
every other every every hero on that
show was a dumb boring motherfucker and
snarf was like super Jar Jar before Jar
Jar
that's how bad snarf was fuck you snarf
you know who I can do a really good
impression of what snake us the northern
door will stay locked until you solve
the puzzles I'm on the right and left
eye I think she could go do that to the
right first
the way to work is blocked and so I had
time to catch mettaton show on my phone
the special effects were amazing today
that human almost looked real medicine
yeah he's the most populist on the
underground his hand glove probably has
at least two no three dozen members I
grew up in the are these days a is's I
grew up in the early 80s but I was
always a gargoyles fan yeah D'Argo's was
a great job I liked it at the time I
rewatched some of it recently I don't
remember why but I've ever watched some
of it recently yeah I think we were all
basically just seduced by by Keith David
okay cuz he's just he has a phenomenal
fucking voice the show was okay okay re
watching it I have not seen it since a
child it wasn't amazing really good
compared to a lot of other cartoons it
was great okay
what
Riker and Troy voiced on gargoyle yeah a
lot of team and basically everybody had
an appearance on gargoyles from TNG at
some point except for Patrick Stewart
and I think that's because he wanted
money generally speaking I'm gonna guess
they wanted him to play the Macbeth the
the Scottish kind of Shakespearean one
does Patrick Stewart is Patrick Stewart
Shakespearean actor oh yeah and I'm
gonna guess he said my one more than
this what are you offered me this
pittance for you'd be gone with you but
the rest of your ghost as indeed I don't
give a shit they suck but I think that's
why I watched it in the first place
finally turned up that later now we're
friendly we can well oh you little black
belief is repetitive representative lay
with me there
you read my mind by the way I was gonna
do that before you start alright
something like no it's fine it just
obviously that's the voice that
character should be really hard to do
rich what do you think about the
chipmunks I love the chipmunks do you
also hate the chipmunks
no I like the Chipmunks and I was a kid
so bucks is fine Alvin no and yes and
the chip what do you think is there an
other famous Chipmunks they sure ain't
rich did you see the petition to have
Lucas direct episode 9 I did not and I
did not gonna happen anyway you can
ignore it listen Luke ever since the
movie started to get good publicity
George Lucas has been doing everything
in his power to talk shit about Star
Wars yes one relationship he had with
Disney's done everyone in the chat is
going nuts about Chip and Dale Rescue
Rangers okay I'm gonna shut you up with
one word ducktales fuckin ducktales
right but by Miles you know right miles
for you pretty dope the fuck itself
scrooge mcduck kick all their asses old
mad
is it old rich mad but a jolly rich man
because he's rich she's rich mostly
because he's rich rich do you like the
Ewoks cartoon no hey this is kind of
dark in here isn't it so don't worry
don't worry I'll hack into the light
system and brighten it up well we just
get my oh no oh no oh yes welcome
beauties to the Underground's premiere
cooking show cooking
pre-heat your oven x' because we've got
a very special recipe for you today
we're going to be baking a cake my
lovely assistant here will gather the
ingredients everyone give them a big
hand
we'll need sugar milk and eggs go for it
sweetheart I don't know if you're shy no
no no just saying my sure is slightly
translucent
oh yeah it's kind of greenish it was a
different shade it's fine you can't we
can't do it wrong we have nutritional
what
before they knew what was under my
sweatshirt for a brief moment for a
brief moment before they knew what was
under my sweatshirt
everybody was about that there well yeah
this counter perfect great Jeff
beautiful we've got all the ingredients
we need to make that cake ma'am
sugar eggs oh my what a magnificent
moment how could I forget we're missing
the most important ingredient a human
soul hello I'm kind of in the middle of
something here wait wait wait a second
oh um couldn't you make like a sandwich
or a pretty good couldn't use it can you
make like a substitution to the recipe a
substitution you mean ain't different
non human ingredient why Oh what what if
someone's ving some people like
vegetables they don't like me oh we
click again uh well I mean that's a
brilliant idea
Alfa's actually I happen to have an
option right here MDT friend always
convenient who human soul flavored
substitute a can of which is just over
on that counter of course it has milk
and eggs in it this is not a vegan
recipe no matter what
how do you know that's not swim oh okay
it could be but he didn't say well
darling why don't you go get it
by the way our show runs on a strict
schedule if you can't get back and in
the next one minute well just have to go
back to the original plan better start
climbing beautiful ring oh no there's
there's not enough time to climb lovely
I've done the math and I think you good
now
he couldn't possibly uh fortunately I
might have a plan
oh when I was upgrading your phone I I
add a few features one of them's a dildo
that's for me you see that the huge one
that this does is a jetpack so watch it
watch this there there you should have
just enough fuel to reach the top no no
no okay get up get up error
because shit on me
I'll slow you down I get
thanks I won't fall into your for your
eggs
okay bye one egg I know not to waste the
eggs sugar had no control over sugar
here we go I made it my my it seems
you've bested me but only because you
had the help of the brilliant doctor
Alfie's oh I love to think of what would
happen to you without her well dude oh
oh oh yes how about this Italian haven't
you even seen a cooking shop apart I
already baked the cake ahead of time so
for dinner no I guess that's true I've
not seen making a murderer yet I've
heard very good things about it I'm just
not in the mood for like a true life
crime documentary thingy
oh wow we did it
hello we did it hey we know we really
did it right hey great job out there
team team US team you would be well
anyway let's let's keep any forward
anonymous structure of illness in the
distance you're filled with
determination
what-what-what-what favorite 700
determination no keep going may what go
11:30 is it 11:30 11 how the fuck did
that happen we were filled with
determination
how much more game is there how much
more game is there I want to say there's
a lot we can't we can you know we can
take Sunday I mean it's just like
there's probably more than yeah yeah we
should get through this though okay
we'll get through this we're gonna call
it for tonight though we fuck around
with that baby too much you fuck that
baby too much you love that baby game
about two hours okay so that means like
we can dedicate a whole next stream to
it yeah how's it up yeah okay great too
much baby game rich you know what and
when I suggested the baby game cuz I'd
heard about it and you know is a popular
indie title at the moment and rich was
like we're gonna maybe get 45 minutes I
like that it's about what happened I
think we got more on our our ish if that
anyway
let's uh alt-tab our way out of here
what do we want here like eight steam
windows open this one
Thatcher hmm Mario Mario 42 for 19
months in a row fisted by dub smoke 13
months in a row never wealthy always
rich Elvis delvis 18 months in a row
April I love you
18 months in a row it's not a very
heartfelt
they're probably broken up by now though
or then it's been 18 months the names
probably just like a grim reminder of
everything that went wrong or that is a
plaintiff said that is April and April
wanted us to say that we love her
everything that's possible - yeah that's
possible - yeah think about that Sartre
Bhimsen 15 months in a row lumpy head 97
Chernobyl kinsman our mill 3 our
scrutiny haul 15 months in a row vodka
gimlets 18 months in a row
I'm sick of sprouts Gimli though I could
be wrong a vodka gimlet why could Gimli
I think I could be wrong I could be
wrong either way
how many months in wrong cuz I'm gonna
step anyone you did 18 18 months in a
row rich vodka gimlet Leslie Leslie let
begin what give me no House of the on GU
thing nice thank you
HMS bloat fly Cade cab ride Grand Moff
coolie for 15 months in a row today ex
one year one solid year on solid erupted
acts mr. glitch 14 months in a row press
B - dick punch
so many dicks there's so many dicks tech
pops slashed from duck tales 15 months
in a row MC Lucas 19 months in a row and
turbo Jesus 5000 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's really the T
is not silent and gimlet and almost
didn't sound epic enough for the ending
though what the last time didn't sound
another write the ending it sounded like
a mid name we're gonna in name Jesus top
I would have gone for like more of a
like the e the announcer ringside table
Jesus and you get the Big Finish then we
scroll up were there any earlier than
them no no cuz it was always the whole
screen I'm gonna make sure there's no
sure sure no one missed no I think
