Episode 477
Blundertale (More Undertale Part 3)
March 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOc5g9WT0Xc
___________________________________________

it appears as if we're recording I got
the email that we were going on that we
were going is there some kind of twitch
issue going on is there twitch you yeah
I see my I see myself in my end hey
there you go are you is the sporadic
outages everybody hit refresh everybody
who can't see us hit refresh let
everybody who can't see us still know to
hit refresh because we can hear we say
to hit refresh you don't need to hit
refresh that's true that would be a
waste of time true well yeah the echo
was because rich was watching on stream
I was computer everything's fine now
okay okay so I guess we should start
from the top we're gonna start from the
top because I started telling a story
but apparently no one heard it because
the channel is it up so here's my
incredibly exciting story about my
wasted day okay it's not I mean now it's
built up a little bit but it's just it's
a Jack story so prepare to be
disappointed so my love of text
adventures and you guys were talking
about this in the chat you were talking
about frog fractions frog fractions was
the very first text adventure game I
ever played yep
and I loved it it was so much fun
spoilers for frog fractions I guess and
then we started playing the space quests
and the police class and those are great
I fell in love with text adventures I
even found an app for my phone called
fronts fr otz mm-hm and it's a way where
you can play text adventures on your
phone it's great and so I was playing
this particularly clever one called the
counterfeit monkey or maybe the curse
that the counterfeit monkey I don't know
but I'm falling in love with it again
like I was up late last night and just
laying in bed and playing the
counterfeit monkey on fronts it was
great so this morning I get the really
dumb idea in my head where it's like oh
you know what didn't I look into this
before about like ways to make your own
text adventure game would that be fun
like and and I came across a few
programs and one promised no programming
needed use simple language make your own
text adventure in minutes like oh this
can't be you know I but it is
pre-program
yeah downloaded the program and started
watching tutorials it's called um hold
on I had this already it's called in
foreign it's called inform and I started
watching tutorials and like the guys neo
showing you how to do this and you write
it all in real language and so you say
like the the main hall is a room to the
east of the main hall is the grand hall
even then like you just hit go and boom
you have two rooms in your text
adventure that's all you need like a ho
oh this sounds great and then you know
like the tutorials like here's how you
put items in now you can pick up items
and like there's all this built in
programming language I was like so I get
this dumb dumb idea in my head this
morning you know I'm gonna make a really
quick text adventure game before the
stream tonight so rich can play it okay
I can totally do this I'm gonna make a
space cop text adventure game and you
know like it was gonna be so simple
right it was like Space Camp is gonna be
in his one-room apartment and he has to
drink a beer like that's gonna be it
that's gonna be the game the beers gonna
be in the fridge and that was gonna be
it as I was like I was like that's the
dumb ID I got in my head today and I get
very very focused especially like when
it when it comes to things that I don't
understand cuz like I'm gonna figure
this out so I love games so much like I
just love figuring stuff out and so I
started writing it's like oh this is
neat and you know oh I can do this
really simply and here's what I wanted I
wanted it so you like in minutes you
can't you can make rooms you can make
items you can pick up items in minutes
yeah
and so I got I got a little
over-enthusiastic okay so I said okay I
want to start with a dream space cop
space cop is dreaming about his dead
wife
okay and and in the dream the dead wife
says space come they shot me in my
fucking face and I wanted the player to
have to type wake up to get out of the
dream yeah but apparently that's hard to
do okay cuz you could like I couldn't
find anywhere I couldn't find any
tutorial that said like how do you make
a player space a a very specific thing
in order to progress yeah there's none
of that sounds like oh I have to maybe I
have to make the dream a room and create
a certain like if-then statements and if
they type in anything else it'll just
say they shot me in my fucking face
until they can type wake up I couldn't
do it
hours I spent hours trying to get like
trying to tell the game I wanted the
player to type wake up huh couldn't do
it okay so fuck it I found a way to like
start in a dream and then start in the
room right yeah so it's like okay here's
here's my grand plan space cop needed to
answer the hollow phone and get a beer
from the fridge and the fridge had a
lock on it okay
so you got it you have to find the code
to open the fridge and answer your
holophone and then that'll be the whole
game super easy it's a really long code
to open the first well you know I was
gonna make it easy yeah like like maybe
the code was in space cops chair and you
had to like inspect the chair to find a
piece of paper the code and you know
yeah again I was trying to make it
really really sense yeah yeah I couldn't
get the code to work because I could
find out you can find a way to unlock
and lock doors but you needed keys it's
like no I don't want a key I want a code
I want to type in a code but I couldn't
do it mm-hmm and I got very focused I'm
like figuring out how to make a code
open a locked door and it just did not
work send me feedback well what I
discovered is the thing I discovered was
that even though it uses plain English
as a coding language you have to
understand exactly what plain English to
use and so you know you can say like
space cops apartment is a room but if
you want anything more in depth than
rooms and items in rooms you need to
figure out basically how to code yeah
but it's not just regular code its
coding in there special coding language
so that's just like well fuck I could
just use flash man and learn how to code
for real Yoda
yeah so basically my entire day was me
trying to figure out their weird-ass
programming language and failing I'm
sorry
it's alright they need a better program
it sounds like well or I just need to
learn how to really program stuff so I
actually did I spent way too much time
today I want to say I spent eight hours
today just trying to get a one room text
adventure game off cuz that's the idea I
got in my head this morning wasted my
entire day watching tutorials and
reading manuals at least you were trying
to be productive it was cold outside I
took a nap that's my day yeah I had to
play a video game for work that were
reviewing but instead I overslept
because I took a nap that's my day I was
Richards day right so that was my story
like let's see I think even that's
better I would have preferred a nap
because at least after a nap you feel
refreshed it's like you got some sleep
no I cuz I ended up sleeping way too
long though it didn't end up being an
abandoned that Bing like a second sleep
cold um cuddled in my blanket who is it
oh my god
well that's the thing like I texted you
this afternoon like I normally do and
then I didn't I didn't hear back from
you until like five o'clock because I
had not left my computer since noon like
all the sudden you texted me and I ran
it's dinnertime and I realized that my
lunch plate is still right next to me it
was a horrible horrible day so that's
the basically what I what I figured out
is I'm just gonna figure out how to
really code stuff and then I will
actually have a useful skill instead of
learning this code language that isn't a
real language yep but but that's it
that was my Jack had a bet I did well I
failed is basically what happened I
didn't have a bad time I failed I
learned through failure that's okay and
now that was my that was my story of my
ways today so now we can play some
wonder Dale are you ready for goofy
voices and we ready to see what this
thing has to say I'm ready
who wants to be heat flames Minh Oh
boots flames that's Yuri creepy he's a
little guy I don't
was that a character before oh my god oh
this Picasso cheese okay where this
smell in that guy's room I guess it's
just easy to clean
yeah tell us about wanna buy a hot dog
it's only 30 g fuck yeah thanks can
here's your dog Oh Sam's it's very wait
see good buy another one oh whoops I'm
actually out of hot dogs oh yes I gave
you my last one
you know a pervert hey I'm not judging
I'd be out of a job without folks like
you okay Alfie's posted a picture Jenner
was a courier with the girlfriend that
sands and Alfie do not mix picture of a
cat girl figurine little Bowl it's a
picture of a cat girl figurine next to a
bowl of instant noodles
those voices are too different and and
that's that's whiplash Hill Skelton 95
posted pictures
are we posting hot pics here is me and
my girlfriend that's a picture if that
is flexing
oh this is missing properties of papyrus
them I think that's the cool friend
giant muscular biceps are pasted on the
biceps are also wearing sunglasses
hello el cool scout legs baby five let's
that's a joke right
I think I hate this social media thing
even in Game four oh wait this is yeah
that is you go ahead that is you we
Paris the old joke here is how strong my
muscles are hey now Jesus try to move
the microphone away from my mouth every
time I do Myers as I scream OH
sudden der plane a sax not because it's
jealous Vulcan is paying attention to
you opens the other one to go look at
his finger come to do Oh
the only update we have about space cop
shipping is that they are getting them
we're doing a company that if you have
to remember we're we're like a three-man
operation yeah I can I can guarantee
that pretty much every copy of space cop
has been personally handled by like all
of us yeah and there's just a bottleneck
but how many we can do are our printer
because you can only be logged into
PayPal in one station so we only have
one printer printing out labels right
there's a bottleneck where trust me well
I downstairs cuz Sunday we could mail
anyway yeah there's there's just there's
a lot there's a lot waiting to go out
yep there they are leaving the door as
fast as possible so everyone who did
ordered will get them digital version no
word yet it's out when it's out I don't
know what the issue is there but a bunch
of this I don't know I hope it comes out
soon I want you guys to see it so bad
would you guys autograph blu-rays yes we
will autograph anything in the PayPal
comments make a comp coming make a
comment about who you want to autograph
it and it will happen
which one is back XR busy
xxxx is back I mean there's there's
there's many of us there are only red
letter media employees three people rich
J and Mike that's it I'm here to help
when I can but also like rich say
bottleneck as far as printing stuff out
getting into the air beginning and
getting into the post office to the
airplane we take it right to the
airplane
anyway yes all these things space cop
has a 9.3 on IMDB as anybody who's
gotten there cannot be like commented on
it yet I don't know
oh nevermind it's a sizzling nine point
nine out of ten on IMDB yes
Napster maps napstablook 22 is sitting a
friend requests maps spam napstablook
which one was that which one was that
jack was from so many undertale
characters sure it's that point I know
John like me and Josh are not employees
of red letter media we just come here to
help out and watch movies and play video
games an apron
what
okay that's interesting napstablook as
the ghost which goes yeah yeah which is
entire
well yeah there are no two hotdogs on
your rim shot rim shot rim shot
give me my rim shot I its riches only
job is a red letter media and of course
I'm pretty right I I do work outside
arrived I'm a freelance editor and video
producer until I edit and produce videos
or corporations last one oh my god stop
don't get any more than skeletal
snoodles would like to say got my sign
to space got blu-ray yesterday watched
it today loved it was everything I could
hope for and more now get back to work
on the sequel you Schmucks thank you
skeletal snoodles I like I said I've
watched it a bunch since I got my blue
Donna is great I'm super excited super
excited for everyone to see it it's so
super weird watching yourself super
weird
hi it's dr. Alfie's this boosts up up up
a puzzle it's kind of tiny switches over
there you'll have to press on all three
of them within three seconds oh I'll try
at home you would with rhyme rhythm or
the rival or the rhythm
rich yes
one small ball has a request for you in
your space cop voice say roll tide roll
yeah
a bitch
oh god bitch get on your back
all those switches ensue tyranny source
rocks no there is no there is no
official fuck bot cameo in space cop
because space cop is a real movie so we
couldn't we couldn't get fucked bottom
oh I keep missing it we couldn't work on
a contract in time we know there was
there was a big you know there was a
kerfuffle Oh denied by the phone okay
now president limit listen thirdly hey
looks like looks like you only only need
to press that do them whoops
that's the last time I try to hold the
puzzle LMAO LMAO hold the Mayo
hey hey I'm going to the bathroom I just
wanted you to know that so I'm I'm going
to be FIA for a bit
could be the bathroom for a while I'm
sure you can handle this puzzle by
yourself don't ask me what I'm doing
about I love this character take that
one up
nice I think first figure out where you
have to go maybe you have to go left
there's this which is every other one
oh so nice we we need that to be in the
down position when I jump over here no
you need to be in the right position
when you jump over I don't think you
need to go up I think you need to go
left
see like
things that but you can't go there cuz I
don't want to think it
I love alphas like Alfie's is I love the
character just because it's so
stereotypical nerd so when you land on
that left home the arrow needs to be
facing right so when you press on this
way to it we face in life oh we need to
get over here yeah
and and when you land I I think I get it
now I was thinking that top one would
take me to a screen up north for some
reason oh okay okay I get I get it I
understand hey free life that that's not
gonna do
oh no no you can't get over that
mr. yes everyone had an LPS out there
school but you guys up to it what do you
guys up to cause if you if you're not
updating the oh I'll come and hang out
with you whatever you want to hang it
down okay all the air do I hang out
later
combined brainpower threw up against the
puzzle right look Joe getting rich up
get it I believe Rich Dubee sandwich
it says rich as a Star Trek fan what do
you think of galaxy Frost hashtag r.i.p
psi this question has been previously
answered what do you think of Galaxy
Quest that's great I can't get much more
detailed that's great I was really
worried when I
I reluctantly watched Galaxy Quest
because it's advertising and trailer
made it seem like it was going to be a
really crappy movie Galaxy Quest is good
enough that I can't stand Tim Ellen but
I like Galaxy Quest yeah the the trailer
for Galaxy Quest and all the advertising
for Galaxy bus make you think that it's
going to be a very dumb movie and got
kind of got a like a dumb premise but
how do I do this how the hell am I
supposed to do this I haven't been
and yeah that's that's a big pass
I do that but that fucks me up right so
you need to come at it from the bottom
somehow the music is getting louder than
your voices in this section of the game
I'm sorry
there you go nice
okay just took care of that
now wait what happens if you go left
right now nothing
oh you can't okay I didn't know if you
could like get off it and press it again
don't know okay head back right doesn't
help
I head down
we're gonna have to do an odd thing yeah
and literally odd-numbered thing yeah
but then I can't go over no but now you
go up that's gonna reset thinks it's
gonna be cuz there's no switch up right
now
that helps oh no I well no I wanted you
to go up and then down
that's what I did when no I meant up and
then down down sorry oh sorry I that way
that was my mistake I didn't alright so
you want me to go up I want you to go up
dumb and now into the exact down and
down down we'll Mort so now we have to I
guess yes now go to get off now I'll go
up there that's exactly what
interesting
okay so what happens if you go up now oh
right down now go left now go up now go
down
now go up again
Booya now go on
there okay easy sorry oh the one of
those not have a switch and I didn't
notice oh gee people think Duke Mewtwo
is part of that beauty what lol that's a
joke right fucking joke me too and it
makes my it makes me sick the knife
don't like I mean talk about cash is
equal completely ruin all the
characteristics of you'll do snake in
the guard and says hey guys any chance
of a European friendly stream soon never
get to see you guys live and would love
to join in the chat but usually starts
at 1:00 a.m. my time we didn't know and
then yes we do we do that now and then
we will make another concerned effort to
do one an earlier stream last month even
I think okay yes we love will do another
European friendly stream another like
what tell me in the chat snake in the
garden what is a what's in a what's an
appropriate starting time our time keep
in mind that right now did the math for
central because I'm too lazy to do the
math for you right now it's 7:30 because
I don't give no fucks I'll do a stream
at 7:30 every goddamn stream for all I
give a shit it's 7:30 for us right now
knowing the mouse might one day hack the
computerized safe and get the cheese it
fills you
perfect snot that's absolutely perfect
there's a piece of cheese inside this
computerized laser safe the lasers have
melted the edge of the cheese it's stuck
to the table if we start about 1:00 p.m.
o mg till they get it ruins Boo Boo's
entire character arc I love it that
Alpheus is still talking about new new
one but you beaut to review you kissy
cutie twos these are kissing their
cuties it's trash zero stars worst view
view ever yeah well do we'll do one of
those like start in the afternoon
streams we can do I don't know what
character this is yet okay so I'm just
gonna say hey you stop okay until we get
some kind of cues okay oh oh oh hair
weave weave like we like received an
automated autonomy kept your body human
wearing that's great good they told us
who you were you were wandering around
hot and right now I know how scary huh
well yeah bring two will bring you
someplace safe okay
what is it bro shirt you're wearing like
we're buried
well brah are you thinking hey well I'm
thinking you'd like my god and bang
Tommy we like actually totally well the
Royal Guard attacks yeah it's kind of
like Tommy yeah a Tommy version of Tammy
clean armor just try cleaning their
armor you have to touch our G ones armor
your hands slip off whoa like a handcuff
the Merc hey whoa whoa whoa bro my gob
oh wow nice big ass sweat pours from o
to Zamora oh okay sweat that's pretty
good indication go - OH - its Bert check
yeah clean armor maybe clean average
it's alright it's cooling dirt begins to
wash away o night prepare to die right I
think those a good call on the sweat
yeah Oh - watches your movements alright
would you want to know which one I say
stick without - you know you eat it we
know what to do with him clean his armor
again
you clean twos armor it's cool and dirt
begins to wash away yeah you're heating
up I thought that was related to sweat
it was that the spot was the indicator
nice isn't it much easier with the with
the arrows think cell phone with the
controller Oh two watches your movement
it's cooling through up against the wash
away your like gag or whatever yeah I
already put I'm gonna catch you Oh can't
damn dog you've been hitting that gym
much better our one looking bothered by
something okay now go for our one now
let's go for I'll be like your item oh
yeah you probably need a head day where
are the hot dogs
can you go to another page oh hey
fucking rich
you eat the hot cat urate fuse next oh
good dude well whoa well okay joette
pores from oh twos are murder check out
a one now and see what the deal is with
him
maybe whisper oh I knew this was coming
this was coming a kiss then hug kiss
then hug kiss that hug good a you yeah I
can't I can't take this anymore
not like I did okay like I do like I
like like you bro wave fight the way you
talk
superhot pet I love doing team attack
with you man you're my man bro and you
offered my bro man I know standing here
with you pumpkin
waving our weapons and kink oku I like I
want to stay like this forever I mean I
got you bro that was perfect yeah that
was perfect I was thinking about that I
had this in my hand
oh one yep yeah but do you do you want
to like get some ice cream
like after did you go bro up some ice
cream sure dude oh you can run away now
they're looking at each other just happy
man they're growin there bro it up the
road and dude I'm your bro dude that was
great wait uh how's how's the human
doing
it's Upton shows that biggie fur you
forget to your your frickin job that was
gruff Nick military hey guys long time
rlm prereq fan keep up the good work
these streams have gotten me through
many dull and frustrating days at work
thanks guys thanks for coming by and
supporting my where do you work
well maybe if it's dead this time of
night it would probably be boring so and
maybe he watches the YouTube videos well
okay I back another darkroom huh don't
worry my hacking skills I've got things
covered whoo hello hey oh are you
serious oh good evening beauties and
gentle beauties this is mettaton
reporting live for MTT news and
interesting situation has arisen in
eastern heartland
fortunately our correspondent is of
their reporting live brave correspondent
please find something newsworthy to
report our 10 wonderful viewers are
waiting for you you're the correspondent
yep
basketballs up last isn't it darling
too bad you can't play with these balls
their empty seat print fashion
basketballs for wearing not playing you
can't get rich and famous like moi
without beautifying a few orbs that is
that's definitely bad for that's a
metaphor let's slip on okay we have to
find something Newsbreak yeah yeah
that's just a ball that's lying there
it's not it's not that's not huge it's
not gonna be the first thing we find
it's from a place but you're right
you're right Oh dog what a sensational
opportunity for a story I can see the
headline now a dog exists somewhere
frankly I'm blown away
as per journalistic standards a death
force field surrounds the area of injury
oh my it's a present
and it's addressed to you darling
aren't you just bursting with excitement
hmm what could be inside well no time
like the present to find out this video
game you found is dynamite
though I don't make an appearance in it
until 3/4 and oh it's it's undertale the
game is through that's a meta it's a
joke it's a joke about the game they
were playing but I like that apparently
from the heavens like mana slacken your
audience's hunger for gorgeous robots oh
that's a marathon
oh no that movie script howdy how'd that
get there it's a super juicy sneak
preview of my latest guaranteed not to
bomb film marathon that movie XXVIII is
the everything robot read me just yeah
movie x x.b i starring marathon okay
thank everyone knows with Roman numerals
I'm thinking like you yeah good text
reading thing would take things
literally sure sure I don't know I
wanted to say yeah which is funnier
which is it's 28th it's funny yeah so I
was right 28 yeah I basically I just
wanted to impress the trek the chat with
my Roman numeral reading I mean my only
concern is which is funnier sure which
is 40 or 28 or XXVIII I've heard that
like the other films Oh
it consists mostly of a single for our
shot of rose petals showering my oh I I
really thought that's a rose power
showering my erection but no showering
on my wreck lining fuck
well I read erection a weird I know it's
not confirmed Rose battles showering my
erection just get it on head you
wouldn't
so no sorry you wouldn't half spoil my
movie for everyone with her promotional
story would you
oh that was close you almost gave me a
bunch of free advertisement I think that
is the one you should be bored I was
probably gonna be one more over here
then we'll make our decision oh it's a
completely nondescript glass of water
but anything could make a great story
with enough spin and his movie would
present for you to present we have a
present from you you you have a video
game which he said is dynamite so I
don't trust that that's an easter egg
cuz its undertale the video game is
undertale yeah but I think if you report
on that it's gonna blow up
what look no the video game the video
games will blow up yeah cuz he said it's
dynamite
oh this is guaranteed not to bomb yeah
don't come so I think this is all
guaranteed not to bomb oh that's clever
shit jack that's some clever shit I
think that's what you're supposed to do
it unless we're supposed to reverse the
meanings of that but I think the script
is what we should do oh you're back
you're on fire tonight you're on fire
I'm on video game fire because I spent
because I spent all day attempting the
program of video game are you just in
the Rossum kind of 4th dimensional video
game plane I'm in the matrix and you can
see through all developer logic that's
right folks
all right I'm going for it do it report
it
let's see what happens attention viewers
our correspondent has found a movie
script oh my it looks like it's for my
latest film let's not keep them waiting
let's open it up and get the scoop oh
what's that
inside the script fuck Oh what it should
have flipped it that ticking sound that
lit fuse Oh looks like I was wrong about
the movie hands and it's about to blast
you to bits
cut to bits you haven't seen the rest of
the room yet oh oh so there was dynamite
at very least there was dynamite yeah
the game dynamite in the present
dynamite and the present the dog would
have been good to report or maybe the
dog would have attacked you maybe the
glass of water is what we should the
glass of water is glowing and we to say
that's poison or something maybe okay it
seems everything in this area is
actually a bomb everything so we're
fucked no matter what yeah
that dogs a bomb that's just fun to say
bad basketballs a bomb even my words are
oh thank you brave correspondent if you
don't defuse all of the bombs this big
bomb will blow you to smithereens in two
minutes
then you won't be reporting live any
longer
Oh terrible how disturbing our nine
viewers are going to love watching this
yes this is our first playthrough of
this game good luck darling
don't worry I I saw the a bomb defusing
program on your phone use the the defuse
option when the bombers are the diffuse
own no no and I'm not now go go go get
them
the defuser
you're fighting the dog fusing the Bob
great job keep heading around the room
trying to go for the one in the
bottom-left next my bottom left one was
the water
okay
nice views rich
oh shit oh I get bottom ops you got this
you got this you got this all right you
got me
okay okay you got ya
nice rich there you go nice defuse nice
defuse present nice nice
seven seconds we're fucked great job
head for the center music ium field to
trap the glass of water in there man oh
man oh man you got this you got this
five seconds
you got this rich extremely agile glass
of water okay go up to the big one oh
well done darling
use the activated all of the bombs if
you didn't deactivate them the big bomb
would have exploded in two minutes
now it won't explode in two minutes
instead it'll explode in two seconds
goodbye darlin it seems the bomb going
off well that's because well while you
were monologuing III I fix a change with
your hacking skills oh yeah oh yeah yeah
that's what I think that's why I did it
seems I've been filed again is this live
no no we recorded this what like a week
ago like a week and it just so happens
that coincidentally someone when we were
recording this a week ago also asked if
it oh no we weren't even streaming when
we recorded this we were just when the
cameras off and everything at least at
least they easy streaming off we just
predicted that somebody would ask if
this was live mm-hmm it was very clever
of us unless they didn't and there's
nobody in the chat acid this is live
then we would very foolish
what's Curcio doctor Alfie's for helping
so much but i don't curse my 8 wonderful
viewers for tuning in until next time
darling oh wow well we we really showed
him huh hey I know it's got a weird
first I really think I I'm getting more
but Bohr yeah Eyeborg
coveted about guiding you so don't worry
about the big robot I'll protect you
from him if it really came down to it we
could you know we could just turn though
later this is Alfie's or Porky Pig yes I
I notice you've been kind of quiet are
you worried about building a score well
don't worry
okay just don't worry everything's gonna
be fine
the kid is this really nice guy I'm sure
you can talk to him and live here your
human soul you can pass through the
barrier through the power of your soul
your human soul so don't worry okay just
just forget about it
it's vile remember to bow and came to
life with you about things like goodbye
I like thinking that Alfie's does say
goodbye after like whatever you know
what is it good - video game Jerry Lewis
the dinosaur that's it's very Jerry
Lewis yes please select a location I
sure I think you went right floor before
we're on the floor - then I guess
Bing right floor one okay oh wait this
is where I started
yeah just making sure
guides says solid bakes equip the dirty
apron in your inventory good try to try
the left three if we were on the floor
to before well go right to that one
right - yeah we I'm a careful if you eat
too many hot dogs
you'll probably get huge like me huge as
in super popular I mean
I'm practically a hotdog tycoon
apparently if we put on the apron we
take less damage okay axes armored and
yes we know about the bronze funds here
in Milwaukee it's retarded it's in
downtown Milwaukee it's just a it is
literally a statue of Arthur Fonzarelli
it's very strange I don't understand its
purpose I forgotten how to get to the
men you see over the year it's very it's
very strange
mostly because Happy Days did not take
place in Milwaukee
it took place outside of Milwaukee it
took place at and it's you know so I
don't know why it's here I don't
understand I don't get it it's dumb
screech was just booked in Milwaukee I
don't know I'm screech lives near here
now going to go to l-3 I think we were
on I wanna make sure we weren't here
this is all one we were here
we weren't no okay unless you were here
or last time being such a strange
oh you're filled with dinner no
oh wait we were here yeah bow-bow
bow-bow was the Fonz from Milwaukee I
don't know I did not just diss the Fonz
what's at the suburbs
it was the suburbs gives you shit that's
fine but not more not like Milwaukee
suburbs it was like like Appleton you
know like how far is Appleton from
Milwaukee very ours okay are you sure
about that I have no clue I don't
recognize oh you're probably what are
you saying is you're probably wrong
probably they don't recall yes it's a
three I don't want to make sure cuz I
wasn't paying attention the last time I
went up an elevator oh yeah and I want
to make sure we didn't miss shit okay so
great great yeah oh who keeps a vodka
gimlet I blew past the screech
revelation who gives a fuck about
screech man well what about screech now
he got arrested again or something
whatever who cares it took somebody with
a knife before fuckin who cares and
Dustin Diamond gay don't get over it
get over it it's very cold / from
DuckTales it's very cold today it is
three degrees today
it's a spider doughnut it looks more
rubbery than usual
we talk well welcome to our parlour very
interested in some spider pastries all
proceeds go to real spiders we have a
great voice
it looks like some sort of powerful
bracelet wait it's just a croissant and
that is a rubbery that is a rubbery
doughnut it's a spider doughnut it looks
small okay spider bakes a tall exhale
all proceeds go to real spiders hi I
ended up buying it I did it once but
that girl even though I told her no she
she kept staring at me and this creepy
waiting you licking lips I'm out of cash
hi Alfie's here wow this room is like
it's like that Ruby saw before there are
two puzzles to the north himself you'll
have to solve them both to proceed also
I I would like to say I well I don't
really like giving away puzzle solutions
but if you need help just just call me
okay give me a call so to be a pick you
like my statuses I'm here I'm here for
you oh no gruff Mik military now thinks
that screech is coming for me because I
said I don't give a fuck about him well
good moderate amount of publicity my old
my own publicity I would refuse it I
would refuse any screech related
publicity ah urban vermin would like to
ask a question rich are you or Mike or
Jay doing promo for space cop like
podcast appearances blog interviews etc
love the stream guys do you ever
call each other Harlech or chard like
you're in Top Gun no ok so shared chart
is more a thing just between me and
Karen for the most part yeah but as far
as promo work well we do so yeah we know
each other nicknames no never know in
high school I used to call Mike stone
yeah yeah stow still close oh but I
hastened then that ended I don't know
why it ended it just ended that's a
weird nickname new though yeah next time
next time I see him I'm gonna call him
and see if he reacts
he probably rolling I'm very confused it
probably hasn't heard that 15 years I
don't know and promo is how you guys
doing any promos hey it's not a
conversation I've had with my courage a
so it's not it's not come up
least not what I've been around so I
just saw if you follow both red letter
media and Paul Scheer on Twitter Paul
Scheer is apparently trying to wrangle
red letter media for some sort of epic
Star Wars podcast discussion and Paul
Scheer is great so I hope they do it by
the way if you're curious why my Steam
name is charmed well that's the thing
with me and Karen it makes so much sense
once you know cut off the first couple
letters of my name and you get churned
also rich hard yeah
charred also well here's here's how it
started I didn't realize that until you
thought Karen's name yeah is spelled
weird it's instead of an e it's got an
eidetic karen everybody ever might have
spelt it wrong that's fine that's fine
many policies I haven't I haven't gone
out of my correct it because keep help
keeps 4chan away that's fine I think
most people know by now you know the
stalkers have figured it out yeah so
what's the point now yeah but everyone
like always spelling Karen or think it
was Karen yeah so well I just started
calling her Rin one day last three
letters her name just to emphasize the
the I
and then one day shortly after nearly
burning down my grandmother's house
Karen started we call it started calling
me charge so it's got a double meaning
both the last part of my name and the
fact that I almost burnt my
grandmother's house down be cool yes
it's a great school yes our alum on how
did this get made I would love that yes
that would be cool but I think this is
actually for a different like specific
Star Wars related podcast but that uh
that Paul Scheer does but I started
calling Karen rim just people would get
the fact that ring I n yeah and one of
her friends is just sweet girl complete
complete our head started calling her
ring doesn't completely missed the point
that's fine back
