Episode 044
Pizza Trek
March 20, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmDcl4cMnTE
___________________________________________

remember when I said jacket when I'm
ready oh I like this song so I like this
trailer anyway caught in the hype train
well not really I just like this song
because it is so great anyway the wind
blows Suicide Squad don't really care by
Queen hi everybody welcome hello welcome
welcome
um rich has yet to see the Suicide Squad
trailer and so we're gonna watch it
we're gonna watch the Suicide Squad
trailer right now in Soviet Russia Jack
is fat and Rich's still bald all that's
not nice stream is cutting out for you
sometimes it takes a while
he's rich drunk yes no you Rich's drunk
all the time every day it would be weird
if rich was not drunk alright so I'm
going to watch this Suicide Squad
trailer yep and I'm gonna really enjoy
Bohemian Rhapsody and I'm probably not
going to care that much about the movie
right let's watch it Oh actually right
stopping unclick the sound for the over
granola it's gonna get flags it's gonna
get taken down okay well people who
aren't familiar with the trailer I mean
we just not put up this portion right
there we're gonna well I guess there's
something you it just okay now go back
well we already had that first bit it's
just right now that's just so it's too
late that's three seconds that's gonna
shoot like three seconds okay okay we're
watching the trailer now
you
it's cute
I hate jared leto so much
I hate him
that is a great song it's a great song
movie might be fun I don't know so
that's super hyped it would be fun it's
a good trailer is the thing I think the
movie is going to end up being be boring
bud yeah I have no idea
this trailer together did a really good
job that's like the most unnecessary
line in the entire movie in an trailer
ok so that was we thumb it the trailer
is really fun
it's Bohemian Rhapsody and Bohemian
Rhapsody is amazing song so who knows
anything about the movie but the trailer
is really fun it brought up my hype
level a little bit the movie yeah went
from on a scale of 1 to 100 I went from
0 to like - yeah yeah there you go
I I hate I don't know but Will Smith as
as a bad job know is he done yet I
thought it was Deathstroke no he's not
that he's dead shot he's dead shot ok
never mind that there's there's a lot of
dead or death or yeah shots yeah I don't
know anything about Deadshot so I can't
say he's really good at aiming okay
that's what dead shots deal is and he
has like a cybernetic eye thing okay and
that's that's dead Jen I think it was
Deathstroke I'm wrong that's fine that's
fine yeah you're wrong that's fine
he's Deadpool you're right dead bolt the
dead dead that he's dead then he's
playing that the dead dad yeah I hyper
extreme dead am I the only person in the
world who likes Will Smith yes I love
Will Smith even when he's trying to be
serious
I like I like The Fresh Prince of
bel-air well enough yep that's it
really for the most part I don't I don't
despise him I like him he doesn't excite
me though I think he's cool
I think he's neato I think he's neato
burrito so I like him but I we were
talking about this Chapman and black was
very fun
men in black was very fun in large part
because of Will Smith hmm his bike
medium oh my god
that's a loud one daddy oh you looking
for I turn the TV down uh-oh I forgot to
open the thing that'll tell us who said
what and the thing it's up there I also
hate oh great
Lord Belmont says hey glad to see you
guys finally here please play something
good either Just Cause 3 or police quest
- Oh have we got some stuff for you guys
tonight what's not police question it's
not you can't follow up a police quest -
requested oh if we got something for you
that's just setting them up to be to be
drop-kicked yeah you're a cruel man
we've got some weirdness for you tonight
ah we didn't want to do police quest -
because we just got done with undertale
which was a very you know talkie-talkie
voice heavy one so this basically we're
gonna jibber this is going to be a
gibberish stream mostly um what we have
here first rich if you could turn this
on for everyone and let me get that OBS
okay well wait first what you need to do
is click refresh on the Mozilla wait was
this on before - we did that Suicide
Squad audio get out no it did not did
you turn it back on I did not turn it
back on come on oh well fuck it
fine great if I get okay so four Oh
actually first thing you know you need
to turn the other music up I don't know
what
okay unrelated music I don't know why a
has to be on we could wait on this but
just because I want music in the
background okay I think I guess I think
it's nice when we have music in the
background okay so hit refresh here then
turn it on here so people can see the
opening cinematic ready fast
I'm not that fast I have to refresh
again does that refresh oh my god wait
where am I looking
yes all right what the fuck is this this
is a fan game data sir the object is a
meeting a coherent energy field it seems
to be intelligent click to continue oh
my god a fan sent us this game that they
made the Ben Clarkson open channel will
you probably a better car than me
open channel identified life-form
unidentified life-form you are on a
collision course with the planet Sigma 9
explain yourself and hopefully you all
can see it's a pizza the planet must be
destroyed that planet is inhabited by an
intelligent species we believe a life
has the right to continue to exist and
flourish please change your course we
are willing to assist OPA card ever the
diplomat ever the diplomat this is a
rational all chemical and nuclear
processes eventually end the tendency of
a system towards heat death is absolute
the planet will be destroyed we as a
Federation of United planets believe in
using that time to better ourselves to
explore this reality using science and
exchange cultural information continuing
to exist leads to valuable insights
irrelevant those insights disappear
death is absolute there is no cultural
understanding no battering of the self
only object and sign exchange only
object and sign exchange which
themselves create the self what your
universal translator provides one of any
numerous inso morphisms to your own
language game isomorphisms isomorphisms
to your language game you read and
assume my
put his intelligent decoding and
interpreting but there is no will no
thought my word output is merely a
result of electromagnetic Cascades would
respond to your presence and input no
metaphysic consciousness mechanical then
why destroy this world now why not let
nature take its course I am nature the
giant slice of pizza says this I am the
way of things just as you will try to
stop me and you will fail the planet is
suffering from a famine and I represent
a well for a wealth of caloric energy it
is irony to be destroyed by one's own
desires or part of the nature of
consciousness to realize what you love
will destroy you are you willing to
change course we are willing to take
action to prevent the destruction of
this planet impossible the planet will
be destroyed by famine or radical
abundance its history forgotten same as
yours if you were to feed it and
maintain an impossible ideal equilibrium
for this world eventually that becomes
untenable from the thermodynamic
position from a thermodynamic result
what the fuck if you if you act you will
ultimately play a role in the end of
this world time is a dimension and all
particles have resting positions this
pizza is rich Evans I would be
represented by a gigantic oversized
pizza we could find new technologies new
sources of energy there is an actual
game here once we get through this
impossible there is only a certain set
amount of energy in the universe and it
moves from high energy to low energy to
cold even distributions of particles
your Federation is irrelevant
I am the infinitive space the paradox of
life the Alpha and
I consume world's I am nature captain
logically the life-form is correct there
is no rational reason for life to
persist everything is meaningless from
its position that very well may be true
but the pleasure of life of experience
ton of experiencing time of telling
stories about why it should be a way of
telling stories about why it should be
meaningful is important I believe it is
important we find meaning based on
values and our values the assumptions
this translator makes does not change
the meaning of what I hear it creates it
even if its death is inevitable the
story of how we saved Sigma 9 has
meaning to both us and its inhabitants
the world is meaningful my Picard is
turning into my pizza yeah come here to
the pizza yeah you did pizza is waiting
less you barely wish to acquire more
signs and objects but you cannot Bradish
me you can try to suit yourself
I am death by abundance you are drunk
with life I've heard enough close the
channel raise shields
there we are okay so we this little box
down there and you might be able to drag
it I think you can like drag it around
no okay so you can scroll up and down Oh
a Lupin a little bit so you have
tactical operations science and crew so
now you just click on what you want to
do you're Captain Picard
alright let's discuss some scans go on
shore what is this thing
transfer energy and a lot of that how
science would probably tell me Network
plasma static and verse tachyon reverse
no scanning all right what does
commander data having to say sure
captain if we admit a terror it may be
the captain if we admit a turn now my
god
captain if we admit a touch tetri on
there we go field from the deflector
array you can do it rich I believe in
captain if we omit a tetra on field from
the deflector array we may be able to
interfere with the entity's energy
weapons oh so what this is for everyone
wildly asking what this is been Clarkson
this is you can you can go play this
game now at the Ben Clark's and dot-com
slash Star Trek he tweeted this to me
saying that this is a thing he made a
couple years ago and he thought we might
enjoy it you're saying Jack would be a
way better data huh you're saying Jack
would be a way better you just want me
to ruin my voice again I'm just curious
how your data would be cuz I'm not even
really trying I'm just trying to sound
fairly emotionless and doing a bad job
of it I'm trying to remember data now
because I'm too full of silly you're too
full of silly captain captain if we
admit a tetra on four you know I don't
know I don't I can't it's like that's
like one of those captain there's creepy
job if we had met at a tree on field
from the deflector all right what is
that movie with like the psychic power
kids with like the weird eyes and the
white hair yeah like children or
something
Mitchell another corn there were
children of the Damned killed you there
Village of the Damned that's
like--that's what is it you sound like I
do I cannot hear data in my head so I'm
very sorry no Mitchell do dinner okay
tetri on field from the deflector array
you begin oh he just did it I didn't
give the order to do it the pizza did
some damage to us right oh my god yeah
report my pod
I guess we want shields brain what bars
what is one of these shields um white is
either I think white is shields okay and
then green is life ooh what a science
get us
let's start it's not the date again and
find out what the fuck he did wrong
well CY tries to say too many women too
many too many women captain too little
time I don't have a valid suggestion I
am useless a classic Riker make your
wanders off to the holodeck all right
Worf when we get a tactical report what
just happened
captain this pizza has no honor we
should destroy it without hesitation and
feast on its flesh today is a good day
war for justice something to penetrate
the pizza something all right
our windows I know you can you can you
grab like the white part of that window
and move it over the white part of the
enterprise window the top like the edge
no that's too bad
okay well now we can read they can't
whatever will read it form okay great
all right but the pizza is now way off
center oh my god
can you click on the pizza there you go
editor can you click on the pizza I
didn't know the pizza moved no okay uh
say what do we want to know guess we
tried a cards Picard's he wouldn't just
fire even try something clever right
yeah that's uh Ted Danson says longtime
follower thanks for the fun guys
watching you play through undertale over
the past week was heaven just heaven you
know that undertale that's a pretty cute
game I thought that's adorable
it's best it's thumbs up yeah I'm gonna
talk to date again okay what did you
wrong captain if we omit it you're
saying the same fuckin thing interfere
with the entities energy weapon so so
data has found a way to disable their
energy the pizza MIT Oh so the pizza
missed us that time it didn't seem to I
guess it's just weaken it then I gotta
start shooting I guess I have to start
shooting now oh man let's uh try some
phasers phasers miss the pizza dough the
pizza mysterious energy did 43 damage to
the enterprise hmm energy shields
shields replies 10% ooh the pizzas
mysterious energy oh god I'm so fucked
we're so fucked to pierce we're fucked
you're to be dismissed woof Oh God we're
so dead engines
and you transferred engine gay all oh
that's a nice destroyed enterprise
though that is nice the pizza killed us
Wow Wow
play again well let me finish
we need to kill this pizza you're right
we need to talk to Worf and have him say
prepare file ramming speed
look at that pizza makes me hungry gruff
McMillan Terry says ok who ordered the
Borg with extra pepperoni
any of these do anything are these all
jokes I don't know I I just played a
little bit and then I stopped playing
because I didn't wanted I think a lot of
these are like don't do anything talk to
more crew alright Jody
I am realigning the warp matrix captain
that should give us more power ah why
does what is your journey sound like a
civil war-era southern belle who dogie
I'm realigning oh okay vapors okay I
have one that should give us the mole
powered sugar good corpse a lot o energy
banks replenishes zero percent Oh
fucking Geordi a corpse a lot would like
us to try bouncing a gravitational
particle beam off the main deflector
dish okay phantom or plasma static or
bubble inverse tachyon pulse reverse
deflector polarity asymmetrical versus
root that's not an option
I'm German asymmetric Verde on beam okay
it had no discernible effect oh shit
pressors phasers hit the target Oh Oh No
we did that Pizza Pizza did something
talk to talk to Worf again captain this
be chives no honor we should destroy it
without hesitation and feast on it's
fresh today is a good day to die
Worf adjusted the something to penetrate
the pizzas something feel great so are
we should that means we should be doing
more the phasers but except for the
phasers missed Worf get your shit
together
I'm realigning the wall matrix that
should give us a mobile no three percent
Oh No Pizza missed the enterprise nice
do more phasers nice 360 8's that's more
like it
and the pizza is missing so now our
weapons are doing more damage and we're
dodging murder needle opens okay do it
do it and anonymous would like to say
pizza it didn't do much more damage
okay well time thanks anonymous pizza
torpedos Oh God Jesus Christ was this
more torpedoes oh my god those two Peter
suck everyone's missing
oh my Oh big damage 644 damage ah bill
Tetley has a limerick for us once there
was an earl named Mach whose semen could
glow in the dark he brightened the slain
from what I know we just died really
quickly oh we were doing pretty well
our what slimmer what's that bill bill
what's that there once was an earl named
Mark who's a seaman could glow in the
dark he brightened this scene he
brightened the scene Oh front of the
Queen who cut off his head in the park I
don't understand what that means
sinal he brightened the scene no he
brightened the scene info even the scene
in front of the queen who curse a space
missing there once was an earl named
Mark who seaman could glow in the dark
he brightened the scene in front of the
Queen who cut his head off in the park
bill wanted us to read that Limerick are
we done with this we should give him one
more go anything you you're going okay
you're going all right this is your this
your is your call is your your
captainship you're gonna prove you're
the better Starfleet captain than I am I
do this rich I'm going to do this I'm
going to do this oh yeah I know I know
there's a pizza it's a pizza get it data
there's a fucking pizza I get it um one
small ball is there an option to beam
Wesley Crusher into open space fuck that
kid isn't knowing if I could beam Wesley
over to the pizza I would here's a
recently like I I don't know maybe it's
a false story I don't think it is Wil
Wheaton had a tweet saying I am
officially over people saying shut up
Wesley anybody who tweets at me shut up
Wesley I am blocking you - which Patrick
Stewart replied shut up well I like that
yeah
shut up a wheel
shut up wheel shot offense what do you
what are you doing with your stratagem
your strategies your strategies ation
transferring energy to engines which
doesn't seem to be doing my very good
buddy miss you baby there you go well
talk to data and data's gonna mess with
his weapons we're admitting a tech tree
on field so even if he does hit us it's
a missed great what about war for this
whatever making weapons stronger fuck
that fuck that okay like then I'm going
to invert the tachyon pulse reverse
deflector polarity no do it has no
discernible effect
let's try reversing Oh No let's try
reversing what is that science science
reverse deflector polarity has no
discernible effect fuck then we are well
then we're going all-out war here
torpedo fuck potatoes kind of suck they
miss constantly I think you're better
off with phasers yeah yeah I probably
right phasers yes 113 damage to the
pizza the pizza missed you can't fuck
with me Pizza 301 damage yeah whoa G 288
damage the pizza keeps missing G phasers
oh fuck how are we doing we're looking
pretty good I'm gonna torpedos just do
so much more to thing they've just never
hit they do twice as much but in this
three times as often yeah we're just
gonna faze arm to death then we're just
gonna try phaser him to death between
17% okay yeah we're still doing good
still doing good
we come on pizza 13% of the ends of our
reserve operations transfer energy to
shields can't lose our shields tactical
phasers go
ninety-eight damage 139 damage
phasers missed Worf Worf torpedo every
once in a while
Fock war get your shit it's not like the
pizzas moving man Worf is drunk
what yeah captain Greg in too much blood
wine oh sure we have insufficient energy
for the for the phasers energy weapons
insufficient energy talk to Jordie yeah
great
energy banks replaced by 10% Oh 10 10%
know what's 10% of nothing because
that's what we got well 10% of what they
could be sure okay
we're doing it we're whittling this
pizza down only 374
the pizza has not fired on us in a while
maybe he's charged him for some the big
right I'm just cuz I'm just gonna keep
firing lasers at the pizza
that's my plan cuz it seems to be
working
this is help the house ready yeah yeah
164 take that Pizza ha
dwarf you hunted this is what he lives
for
he was for shooting things is all he
does this is his only job and he
complains that he doesn't get to do it
constantly oh well maybe I thought you
shoot things more often if you had
decent aim you fuck you fucked Ricard's
not a pacifist he just know his tactical
officer sucks if you had if he had
someone better on the weapons picard
would rip through the galaxy degenerate
wreck everything he would wreck the
Romulan Empire mm-hmm
but he knows that Wharf and wharfs on
there you know because they have that
treaty right and the trees are the guy
keep wharf on that okay I have one of
them got a have a coin on right
they can't demote him because the stupid
treaty all right yep politics politics
that's what it all boils down to
this is this is very strange that the
pizza hasn't done anything count your
blessings
count your blessings I think it might be
a glitch you can count your blessings oh
the pizza myths
Oh
okay crew we need more power
cute by 3% oh the pizza repaired itself
oh yeah take that pizza huh it missed
its art it's my missed e95 damage we're
doing shit fuck the pizzas repairing
itself maybe life maybe the whole point
of this game is is you know like life is
useless it's always wins
I should energy fuck Jordi Jordi you
fuck
give me more shit 3% talk time for
fecundity he'll aim better I think I
think he he gives us more power but his
aim gets worse
Worf adjust the weapons to penetrate the
defenses at the cost of accuracy ah good
more damage it's a lot more damage Erik
burr wouldn't it be cool if someone made
an 85 minute cut of the 2011 Green
Lantern movie ode were you the one that
did that I still haven't seen that yet
because you said it got flagged so I'm
waiting for it to not get flagged
someone tweeted at me saying they made a
they made a better cut yeah Green
Lantern movie did they get rid of the
shitty luck in costume probably not
probably not that is in Canon with this
new DC multi-universe online cinematic
thing no the the only thing the only
thing in Canon with the DC multiple
movie universe so far is Superman and
Batman and Superman that's it it's weird
that's where they wouldn't shove the
Dark Knight in there
they can't hmm they can't why can't they
really Christian Bale would come back
they get through much oh god no
Christian Bale they wouldn't come back
he's a serious actor man
insufficient energy not that I care I
hated his portrayal of Batman then again
I'm probably also going to hate Ben
Affleck's Batman
so whatever I'll give them fucks yeah I
got a I got a pony in this race that's
true 12 percent who know now we're
talking
fuck Wharf
torpedoes oh I thought that one was
gonna hit torpedoes you're an 624 oh
shit
that was a lot of damage torpedoes and I
want to just healing I don't know if I
put some energy to the shield's or don't
I don't get no fucks oh I care if you
blow up right we're doing well this time
we're doing very well
obliterated we're gonna beat this pizza
we're going to beat this pizza the pizza
has repaired itself
come on pizza the pizza has repaired our
cell itself I think that I think the
fact that it's repairing itself means
that fighting it isn't the right choice
well we have to fight it or destroys us
and none of the science things work I
think we need more power we're going to
talk to Worf again
95 come on
talk to Worf to give me more power I do
95 torpedoes do more accurate torpedoes
70% of it okay Merc torpedoes must be
like extremely accurate don't they I'm
like tracking you Simon they move it
like pretty much basically better than a
phaser they pretty much move at the
speed of light just about they have warp
torpedoes right I'm sure they have warp
torpedoes
no they probably don't can't have warp
torpedoes I don't I have no idea
fucking torpedo
II ninety-six damage fire yourself
across the debris field in spacesuit and
then punch the pizza that's a pretty
good idea
phasers missed were woodland this pizza
down man
no torpedoes or sub why didn't they send
remember remember warps love interest
who's in like the mother of Alexander
okay when the first episode she was in
she was only in two but they sent her
and like an emergency situation like
class ten probe which is basically a
photon torpedo moving a warp yeah that's
a probe that looked exactly like a
photon torpedo
oh we just didn't mega damage we did
megohm damage and now we're out of
energy LaForge 16% pizza repair you can
you fucking fuck man I sow nice prepare
yourself all you want pizza
I'm torpedo you
torpedo best Pacquiao Takeo
torpedo missed
the pizza repaired phasers yes I'm good
yeah I'm gonna kill this Pizza yeah look
at you even get a tiny explosion that's
great oh the excitement of this style of
turn-based combat yeah yeah don't you
think it's a super exciting no no it's
not phasers phasers phasers phasers
torpedo phasers phasers torpedo phasers
phasers phasers phaser torpedo phasers
torpedo torpedo phasers phasers oh yeah
yeah it's like taking turns slapping
each other that's what this kind of
combat is lot with your problem
what's your problem then oh my god
Janice was quato says love you guys we
love you too tractor beam tractor beam
damn it tractor beam unable to lock on
thought maybe if we could tractor beam
it we could like get better Oh mega
damage rich what's your favorite JRPG
any anyone where the disk and or
cartridge is broken well do you win you
have defeated death itself oh you have
thirty thousand latinum well
Worf levels up Connor +13 fatherhood +8
romantic interests that go nowhere
well thanks Ben
thanks for tweeting this to me Ben
Clarkson that was a really silly game
technically the romance was somewhere in
Deep Space nine
now did it you hear more species name I
got like two episodes in then got bored
really yeah then got really bored there
be spoilers out there though and I know
people in the chat slowly finding the
way to deep space 9 s no that will not
be discussed okay
all right we're going to leave this now
so now Luke
