Episode 483
Punch Drunk (Punch Club part 1)
March 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU3ihM_P8Ic
___________________________________________

so now book club all right go to wait go
to fullscreen for us as good all right
we're gonna play punch club hold on we
need to change the game punch we don't
know anything about punch ball this is
this is a true thing about rich and me
we don't know anything about much club
we don't know anything about punch club
I know there appears to be a ninja
turtle in it there appears to be ninja
turtle in it we know nothing about this
game oh this is the most thing we need a
mouse unless there's an option for a
controller I don't care of it okay
we were we know nothing about it we know
this is a popular game at the moment
hold on a bill heck up says hello
gentlemen I just watched space cop I
loved it
it was everything I hoped it would be
without spoilers what was your favorite
scene in the film mine was the fight
scene with Jane Ridge that's a good one
I can't say what my favorite scene is it
would be a spoiler yeah it's kind of a
chase scene you know what scene I'm
talking about the UH bad Jason
no no no the there's a train involved Oh
oh that's a good one that is a good one
that is a good one chasing chasing
that's a no that's a fun there's a lot
of fun there's a lot of fun in space cap
that will bow up scoop stop
there is a lot oh that's oh that's a
good one too Jim the the Mike with the
video camera that's a oh man there's a
lot of it there's you know what there's
a lot of good scenes in space Kevin I I
don't want to spoil anything so I'm not
gonna say anything
um let's see here Lord Belmont says if I
send you a tip with enough money to buy
Resident Evil remastered not zero on
PlayStation 4 will you play it it's up
to you I have no interest and I give
zero fucks mothers are needle series we
will we will play it I cannot tell you
for how long or if we will enjoy it but
yes I will say yes we will play it well
I know how I feel about the horror genre
hmm yeah and I never much cared for the
Resident Evil because of the fixed
cameras I owe your alone just like me
his father died ok care of you it'll be
my kid now sunny we are playing this
with the mouse we're just fine sure
still sleeping take your lazy ass off
the couch and go to work how's that for
a plan okay Frank
you're right okay Frank I'll do it right
I've left the newspaper around the table
- oh don't think about jobs
you'd work out and have breakfast okay
we can do this good yeah
but I'm just seeing what to do I need to
workout and have breakfast walk over to
the kitchen
Oh No out I'll just do some push-ups boy
1 2 4 okay push-ups done yep Stoney
Eric versus couldn't get the Green
Lantern fan added stream but you can
download the file through my friend PS
my friend down the road got his copy of
space cop yesterday I still haven't seen
it oh you need to see it
alright alright Eric I'm downloading I
see I have the page I will download it
we just put a ton of space cobs in the
mail oh my god there were so many space
cops downstairs off to the mail Sweden
tasty but not healthy ton one out today
Han went out all we have is pizza and
soda
you need the pizza alright okay though
I'm really fight a job let's look at the
newspaper that's the worst job but let's
do it let's do it
hey here's construction 3 min.i foot by
foot we're training motherfucker oh shit
eat your clothes your boots and your
motorcycle do I have a motorcycle what
do you think courage character hey yeah
you're playing you tell me fuck yeah
we're gonna write ok I have to choose
skills that your character will be using
oh look at Clippy ok all right
we've got a punch we got a kick and
that's how I got if we got a punch and a
kick we don't have any other skills we
got a punch in a kick and that's it okay
right right
are you doing anything I'm not doing
anything and you lost and I lost oh
Jesus Christ oh my god oh okay
I should train harder treat huh don't
you're right all complete I saw you
fight that was pretty impressive boys
had pretty great right hook yeah you got
really strong arms I got really strong
arms Rocco first yourself up and come to
my office and then we'll have a talk
just this guy you know wants to know how
much for our personal copies of space
cop 500 dollars here's here's the truth
yeah I don't have a personal copy of
space cop you know it's all going to the
fans right now sure I had a personal
copy of space cop yeah I gave it to
someone I gave it to someone already I
feel insulted
why just insulted I gave it to a fan
okay okay I've already given my copy
away to a fan what about the rest of the
fans did you save them anything I'm
sorry I did not what are you giving the
other 964 people you know and Jim T 9 9
9 says does rlm have APO box I just
picked up some wacky movies in Toronto
Canada yes if you go to red letter media
calm way at the bottom of the page you
will see the p.o box
it'd be great if you could visit that
bullish store don't I still haven't got
my meat delivery like that mean you bum
you're a bum no I'm gonna go to work
we're gonna do some work every time we
finish together okay great let's finish
the job boom boom boom
fuck yeah we're working
okay what did the game played it sold
great
I'll go see Mick meet Mick I did it you
met Mick he knows a lot about fighting
you feel connection between the two of
you great have a motorcycle here Indiana
Jones hat and wig and satchel that looks
like a shredder outfit that's definitely
a teenager green ninja turtle Donatello
it to be specific
that's a Raiden from Mortal Kombat hmm
oh that's probably sub-zero mmm that
would make sense
nice Casey Jones okay great ooh could I
could I tell you before you have
potential I can make you a champion you
bum it's a long road you gotta take that
first step yourself did you get the
height of a champion you know quit
there's an amateur fight league and my
friends Jim if you could prove your
worth I'll train yes go to Silver's gym
you can work out there if you're tired
of doing it at home if you'll be sure
time money coming meet me I'll feed you
about food do you want me to buy me
dinner and hey you got that money give
me free food whatever you do try to have
a reason to do it
rich too loud what's new what's new you
have nothing to say please say it only
once
great let's go to the let's go to see op
who liked the look of everything yeah
that's cute
buy some food awesome nice meat and
frozen pizza and that makes you great
and then we will say hang out there
because P to tell you about that we
still delivering for waiting for Sammy
livery oh yeah I don't take care of it
okay
just that easy oh look out and look out
here do get reference Oh yep Jay and
Silent Bob's sitting outside the store I
get reference by foot I get reference
okay hey I'm Seth hey I'm silver I guess
you did here at least for now uh-huh
okay we got silver hey told you about
our rookie league well Moe you're
welcome to participate it's pretty it's
pretty sweet pretty swell it looks like
you know how to fight do you wanna you
wanna spar with me yeah because I don't
know how to fight
okay sure punched you first no I don't I
don't think he cares you know I have no
idea what's happening he has all these
moves she's gonna kick your ass he's
gonna kick my ass so I don't know if I
click on him or do I just let him Oh No
okay I just do it yeah he's just gonna
beat me up but I'm not doing anything
I'm not clicking any buttons
game plays itself I'm sorry about we
will talk about oh you haven't been
watching making a murderer at all no
that's just so fucked up man it sounds
depressing it's it's way more depressing
than you could ever imagine because it
really happened to someone it's like I
know you don't like depressing stuff
well is there proof or is this all just
speculation though they they do the
filmmakers do a really good job of
clearly showing bias on the part of the
prosecutors and police department so
like his innocence or not is irrelevant
there was bias going into the
investigation filmmakers also have a lot
of power to get the messages through
they want to get through absolutely
absolutely
um from monkey me you guys save my day
every time you stream do you have any
idea when the next space cut blu-rays
will be available I need one you do need
one
we don't unfortunately soon I did calls
are happening emails
cause it's gonna happen soon we a lot
more than we thought there was a very
large demand for the space cop how many
people in the chat have seen it how many
got their copy
yeah oh yeah no and with for making
murder there's no proof of any
wrongdoing but there's there's proof of
bias I think
Hale okay we made it to Round three
we're getting our ass handed to us but
we his Stanworth thing is low yeah I
think yellow stem and I stand immersed
in this damn Mena Oh lose basically no
one we got I don't know what any of
these mean great not bad but you're out
of shape you can trade it by Jim not for
free of course but since you know Mick
I'll give you a discount okay
you have the possibility to sign up for
a league fight Finnegan by yellow sign
okay great
center for League get your butt kicked
right that's what you should do
wait click on the board on the board
wish my name will the digital version
have these special features as well
probably not I can only imagine that the
that's what makes blind buying the
blu-ray a little bit better
I don't know if those will ever be
released digitally ok let's go to the
gym I have 10 bucks see here what do we
want to work on what's your problem what
would you probably the last fight I I
need to I need to get moves moves are
power like I was fine with stamina
I need more move I'm gonna I'm gonna see
what this is I don't know what this is I
have I have not played pocket Morty's
because other than the Rick and Morty
connection I'm not sure I'd like it as
I'm not find a foe c'mon right
oh I need to eat how do I eat I mean I'm
sure there's some inherent humor value
to why there's not gonna be jokes yeah
things that are funny you know I got 17
bucks no but I have to eat go home and
eat go home and eat yeah but then I
gotta pay 10 bucks to get back in the
gym and not the fool who went to the gym
before eating you you know
there we go this is doing this is
building me up here fuck we got to eat
again settle down wait
it's it's good for you I mean I need
these yeah you need that ten down there
yeah okay great and then we'll do this
sure I don't know what any of these do I
don't know what any of these do Ridge
we got gave me a lot of red so this
gives me a lot of red this gives me a
lot of green this gave me all of all of
them well I think red I want I think I
want red wait levels up red I did it yay
it's confirmed that the digital version
will have some stuff says mr. shy smile
great you know what I don't which is I
do strange it's weird that it's weird
that you know mr. shott smile maybe Jay
said something yeah on the tweet stirs
okay great let's get out of here we just
trained our asses off and then let's go
let's go home we can train more and eat
so we can eat in here yeah here we go oh
yeah that steaks got what you need
that steaks there we go now we're good
to go now we can exercise here at home
push-ups the only thing we can do at
home is push-ups that's fine something
you can get more here eventually
sure that's sweet van
look one arm which push-ups you think
they could at least let you do the
fighting yourself rather than have that
be automated you would think I think
that like I said this is available
online
the real V on yes
wants to know what was the demand for
space cap compared to other media you've
released feeding frenzy gorilla
interrupted etc and it's pronounced VA
on V a on the real VA on that's not
right whatever
or is it vay on it would be a - in there
there wouldn't be there wouldn't be a -
I'm trying to like cuz feeding frenzy
that was that was a feeding frenzy was a
unique thing where that came out right
as the planket reviews were getting big
yep feeding frenzy you know the initial
release of that oh you need sleep okay
yeah we can sleep we sleep on a couch
you sleep on it that's you know heart
that's fine you're a bummer you're a bum
but you have a house we have a one leave
a one-room house we've gained a lot
today all right let's
let's go work and then and then we'll
fight yeah
we need money we're running out of money
my foot I used to think them walking to
work would train you but I think just
costing you energy uh yeah tired oh no
oh no no but we got 50 bucks so let's go
to the grocery store it's like to a poo
here I'm saying you should have ate
before work I know
what you need that steak
okay
go home too hungry to work
just go eat this eat the things you know
all the fans
except for your heart but you need yeah
you're fucked your brain you're fucked
you just you just fucked I'm sorry you
fuck did the energy drink energy drink
you at all
that'll be good I don't care our
sleepiness then you need a nap I think
you just need a nap yeah everything man
there's some food
come on
okay yeah
listen this is a real life simulator
we're gonna now eat all the things and
fucking I gotta fuckin forget to just
fucked
pretty much you're just fucked you're
gonna starve to death okay you didn't
Jim well enough cuz I didn't Jim well
enough we're gonna go to the gym and
then we're gonna fight some some people
this is not a good idea
this gave us all of them this is Marv
most bang for the buck here this gives
us some blue anymore green I think you
anymore of everything right now yet two
to one and one right you play it like
shit rock oh oh this just keeps going
what's blue weights totally a red red
the symbol for red is a weight this blue
green is shoe so Green is like speed I'm
not sure what blue is technique just
keep clicking on the fangs what gives us
bullet oh maybe this maybe the speed bag
maybe this feedback
there we go let's go this blue
I know I need to stop because I need
that food to go to work because if I
don't go to work I won't get any food I
won't uh Bluest stamina stamina okay
what kind of symbol is that for stamina
I have no idea come on you can do this
get money before you pass out of hunger
looks like some kind of work it's a
blurp okay okay well we got something we
got some okay grocery store good I got
this friend owns a restaurant who he
think you might have a job for you nice
nice
I am never afraid of work the decks of
the food's work I could do it I can't I
have the pizza right now
we can't have this why can't you have a
stick that recovers a ton of your your
knobby thing there's a fist punch what
does that I don't know okay we're gonna
go home we gotta go home no we can't do
that yet what was that that's the pizza
place where we can work we have to eat
first we have to eat then we have to map
I have a frozen pizza have a soda save
this day because we're gonna nap first
we're gonna nap first rich this is the
plan
sorry for the confusion says the real
van the E in my name is a closed mid
vowel normally represented by the
English grapheme a there is no separate
V think of it as they on okay
the real vein you could have just said
that in the chat you might have but we
weren't paying attention to the chat the
real thing on the real van all right now
we're gonna eat again well be sure to
forget by the next stream we probably
will let's be honest he did steak all
right now let's go fight
you really think you're ready to fight
really you really think that okay let's
go work no I'm not ready to fight yet
I'm definitely not ready to fight yet
but Casey proof of the store told me you
guys I've got the vacancy I'm Casey I
need someone to deliver my pecan you
kissing kissing well I'm Casey we need
someone to deliver a pizza and I think
that one could be here that's okay it's
okay that's better I get it it's not a
great case though so it's good you
deliver pizza every time you can deliver
a pizza you get $30 yeah I'll stop now
it's got special pizza we have so many
orders let's talk later
fuck you too like dad said pizza boy so
think about the 16 dollar version that
puts to your happy face up and your
happy face is lower than me agree like
your hearts full yeah full heart we're
fine with the heart
you're nothing but heart Rocco and
bought huh you're nothing but heart okay
let's let's go home and sleep that's our
plan right now cuz we're really really
fucking tired we're gonna sleep then
we're gonna eat and then we're gonna see
if another fight comes your mood is is
quite low it affects your training
efficiency
well fuck man each big do then fuck you
bro I think we can do this and we can
like play games to improve our mood oh
no oh yeah okay that improves our mood
but eat some food hey I am so happy yep
now it's time to sleep great now we're
happy and we're getting some sleep sleep
off and that makes us happy too great
okay it's like a horrible balancing act
that a no way shape or form involves
actual fighting or fighting skills if
you could at least mash buttons that
would be something that would be
something
okay we got to we got to go sign up when
I when I saw this game with that it's
gonna be a lot of a lot of fairly
tedious character stat building with
with some but massive fight sequences
that don't take much skill because they
didn't focus on that you don't you don't
even button match though you don't even
get that you can't you can't even fight
it's cute I love the I love the
graphical style I like the ideas it
seems it isn't that fun overall I don't
know I haven't really played it myself
it's all been you what do you think it's
it's interesting I could definitely see
this as a mobile game you know you know
just something to tap on yeah on your
phone while you're while you're pooping
the fights aspect huge letdown
I I'm hoping you just you just need the
most basic of fighter just the most
basic of fighter would have been
something I'm hoping that something
happens where we can like choose a
loadout of some kind that makes it more
something left of beefcake says I hear
laundry simulators in the works now work
out see if I can get this red bar up
okay good do I have enough money for one
of you for something in here right now
okay I think I've got another game on it
seems like game game dev sim or
something little something like that
oh yeah I've heard good things about
that okay go home by foot
whoa who did
Lu hey kid I hope you're not trying to
focus on too much all at once it's okay
to have a more fuck what you think I
trust both myself everywhere values you
could try but in between the working
eating sleeping
alright good afraid we need to focus on
a couple of course drinks right you're a
smart kid keep at it
hi Chad not true miss Frank I think he's
the cop that raisin ah you do get to
unlock moves as the game progresses but
you get to actually use them yourself or
is the game just no the game just days
yeah I guess I gotta work
game dev tycoon yeah I've heard never
good things about that all I remember is
they they had a funny thing where they
released a copy to the torrents yeah
and that copy if you torrent it it that
copy was overrun by people pirate in
your game so you could never win mm-hmm
and then the people would complain to
them on their message boards like
pirates like people kept buying our game
and there was nothing we could do to
stop it and they're like ha ha
the irony of people the Pirates going to
the dubs and asking if there was some
kind of like DRM they could develop in
the game okay we are now officially
signed up for a fight let's try to some
more like rocky I can't do
impersonations that's my best money
I can't get there before you fall asleep
nice okay stop
by some pizza special pizza back Bobby
I put special Indian spices in it for my
regular customers
I make pizza with extra spices wanna try
some yeah yeah should be to see here it
is the number one slot by the way I have
a special order which needs to be
delivered all the way in Tacoma when al
with a special agreement Casey do you
just put the pizza down nuts about your
agreement I need money
whoa
we don't have any moves we're stronger
than well you're gonna get your butt
kicks what's gonna happen look at that
look at the stance look at the breakdown
you're fucked
you run away oh I can't run run away
I can't run away you have to run away
nope
okay
now if we could hit him once I would be
happy can we just I mean obviously he's
a ninja crocodile he's a kung-fu
crocodile okay we hit it once we don't
have any oh wait is that a hard perk no
this is Berk
we're gonna die we're gonna die
can I
no I can't like and I was like I even
like punched Oh combo oh you go good
okay we made it around three this is sad
this is Santa choose a strategy this is
so sad
this is your strategy is you don't have
any strategy except for the 100 I get it
we lose a lot I'll take my revenge later
hey that was weird
that was weird sleep Oh No okay I think
you're Rocky is a little Yogi Berra
SHhhh
yeah I can't do impressions I'm sorry
that's why you're stuck with this that's
not rocky that's a unique character that
I have just created yeah
now we're gonna go home now we're gonna
get some sleep is there a time limit on
what how to develop your fighter to get
so good by this date for the big
tournament no you just do this forever
with no rush forever
oh but is there like a clock you're
racing or something oh we lost lots of
it we got a fight coming up though
we got a fight big fight coming up rich
do some exercises I just want to know
when I learn new things I don't forget
you probably have to win fights that's
probably it here we go
leveling up doing this I don't like the
gym anyway you're getting far less per
push-up yeah I think the gym would be
like a lot more efficient could be like
many multiple times more efficient
comically so wait where's all that pizza
that I bought you ate that at the pizza
place it's a pizza restaurant not a
grocery store what do you think was
gonna happen
I actually thought that was gonna come
home oh shit oh shit get 12 bucks huh I
have 12 I need something I need some
food fight this guy maybe he'll give you
free food for dinner hey what are you
staring at just what I saw though you've
put teeth fight fight okay fight time to
kick some ass hey we actually have a
chance we have a chance against this
street the street punk ain't no ninja
crocodile kung-fu crocodile there we go
there we go oh that's right Mick has
some grub before if we don't have any
food your money
yeah kick his ass I
we might win this rich I think it's
gonna happen I'm hope I can't wait till
we win this fight
we've been I'm gonna sit here and watch
in training our whole lives to fight
this one Punk rich here's my hands
oh wait I'm gonna do something I'm gonna
hit the fight button fight fight
okay oh don't lose to the street punk Oh
Oh combo nice combo now three of twenty
oh my god you can only go twenty rounds
that's good to know
I'm kick his ass already and click the
button okay hey I almost lost because I
dropped the mouse great
good job skips cap you prevented a crime
for the first time I am proud of you oh
thank you thank you you are a mighty
warrior what watching you fight it
reminds me of an old friend
he was a great Nestor oh yeah could you
give me your buddy instead of him okay
get some pizza we'll go to Mick coz Mick
Mick gives us some food
Nick I'm hungry here's your meal kid you
lousy bum thanks Mick I think yeah I
think you're angry
fine you sad man
right when is our fight oh it's tomorrow
okay alright let's get some work done
this is the good stuff to do okay here
we go fight is today rich the big fight
I am not prepared for the big fight at
all no no you're not I don't know any
moves but I think I need to fight I'm
gonna try to raise up my shit here so
I'm gonna go home go to the gym food at
home have that pizza at home okay I'm
gonna go home
I just want to raise his raise up my
levels go to the gym and do it right huh
go to the gym over here
look I get full bubbles I just want to
get I just want to take up to three yeah
and come on boom okay there we go that's
all that's all I want
well I should get to wide you could blow
up huh runt you could blow up to three -
oh I didn't know it was that close okay
I don't want to lose too much sleep
though I won't be tired going to the
fight tired but by an energy drink
energy drinks okay okay here we go
come on blue come on blue you get ahead
by now if you went to the gym yeah ten
bucks is that oh okay I got him up to
three that's all the matters I got him
up to three that's 10 bucks rich yeah
yeah unless you eat before the fight I
don't have any food
I can go to the pizza place though
order pizza great all right now we are
good to go now let's go fight okay oh
you got this in the bag
oh great song mo Sun mojo Jo Seung Jo Jo
come on glass Jill you ain't got nothing
it's gonna mean combo that's not that
mean that's not that mean all right and
I am actually enjoying watching this
game I don't really know why can you
guys play the sims next you know it's
the I get it like it like I said to me
this this is and it is it's on mobile
this is a great mobile game this is
something where you could just kind of
click and play for five minutes a day
playing this way is a little strange but
I could see like just plopping down on
your iPhone for five minutes a day
building up your fighter some something
to play for five minutes and then forget
about until week down the line you got
this so got this
Oh what was that I don't know I just
like gained back a bunch of momentum boo
we win great happiness one way up
happiness one way up we got three things
skill points oh we can use their skill
points okay I knew you'd have to win
fights to get shit like that yeah I just
knew it you have enough skill points to
unlock a new skill perk it is indicated
by a yellow sign of this okay oh yeah we
want to sign up for the next fight okay
block I guess we do all block dodge
tactics learner well once you get
technics learner then you could probably
get one of the other ones click on
tactics learner you can see more details
about fighting if you wanted you give
one of those or although they all go up
to that's different that's interesting
mmm-hmm so do we want a chance to block
or do we want to pummel people more if I
can uppercut yeah I don't know what any
of this shit needs sure
oh so now look the next one is three
yeah now you can see more details about
fighting skills
how curious oh that's so getting this
yeah I watch that bad info yeah yeah
okay all right great
we got an uppercut now great
we're doing great rich how is there
everything okay let's go to the gym free
yeah by what your I've energy to Train -
wow dude do what you need to do jack you
doing you need to do
oh no you're right oh well fuck I'm
already here well you paid to get in now
yeah it's a waste if you don't know I
gotta be here alright hit that back yeah
hit that bag boom boom hit that back hit
that bag you're doing great
alright now going this thing squat oh
yeah we're doing dips doing dips it's
that red oh yeah we got that dips
oh so many dips
don't forget about leg day don't forget
about leg day friends don't let friends
skip leg day oh yeah squats those the
power much focus on red till it's all
the way up okay I can get it yeah get a
level up get a level up into something
before you're out of food and sleep yeah
hope that's the day
um does this give red no then guys thick
is green should give red that's good
this gives good red oh here and let's do
this this will find give red classic
yeah there we go
classic bench press boom and then we'll
do this thing it will hit up ahead a
tire with a hammer oh and we're hungry
alright let's go to the store rich rich
you back cedar look we all know this
about bid at this point yeah hey I have
to be me I am what I am
what's the title of this game it's
called punch club punch club it's called
references to things the game the game
oh hey I see you started to fight that's
good
my old fighting guide on the table
didn't maybe it'll help you thinking
that leg straight how old to train
properly don't try to reach a high level
in all three stats choose your way and
try to build your body around one
general ability strength increases the
damage of your hits agility increases
your accuracy and chance to avoid enemy
attacks stamina increases energy
regeneration during the fight also
increases your damage absorption observe
what so we choose this okay
so what do we what do we think we want
to do do we just want to pummel people
do we want to be agile dodge attacks
well you know what you let me read but
it says fragile hold on if you're agile
enough you can perform very difficult
kicks and dodge opponent's hits dodge
enemy attacks try to use counter-attack
skills and high base damage do not focus
on straight dependent moves and damage
absorption and stamina energy is your
power you can afford high energy
consumption moves and the blocking
damage you're not agile so don't try to
dodge attacks I think you know what like
we are we were already putting stuff
into strengths mm-hmm bludgeon people
with just bludgeon people to death would
you get that uppercut yeah and I think
that's a bludgeon move yep I thought I
would assume great
we're gonna we're going to nap Oh nope
we're gonna eat
now we're gonna nap yes chat we have
played Lakeview cabin before me yeah we
played that on the stream they want us
to go for a magic build you're funny
Oh ch at you now have no food you know
that means we got to work that means why
do you have a laptop about me I mean oh
that's a really good oh that was a
charging but it doesn't need to anymore
okay that's a really good question okay
here we go ah the boy does look like the
dumbest thing by the way which boy the
the movie the boy I never what is the
boy if he's not seeing it it's it's a
new horror movie in which a young girl
gets a babysitting job and then they say
you know here are all the rules you must
follow and then they reveal that this is
somewhere a person she's babysitting is
a doll yeah yeah it stars the lady from
The Walking Dead get more money here and
we get money faster here and then we get
pizza too
it looks really dumb though in its
defense because we wanted to pick a
stream we could blather with each other
and we're not really blathering oh I'm
saying the boy yeah in the boys defense
I like that kind of high premise schlock
you know I don't know that the killer's
a doll people saying hi to me in the
channel okay they're gonna kill us a
doll and I and she has to babysit him at
all right good let's go for it
good that's it that's been a thing since
the dummy episode of The Twilight Zone
sure it's a thing it's a thing but what
I'm saying is I I would rather have a
slaw key premise like a murdering doll
other than like it's a ghost and the
ghost kills you you know it's a murderer
and he murders you give me give me some
luck everybody likes luck okay where's
the pizza
my money that I just earned there is
going towards pizza grocery store there
are no bad guys do beat up today they're
giving you advice saying take the bus
when you have money walking takes time
leaving you less time to train and work
oh yeah I was I was thinking walking
would would help train when I first
suggested walking to work doesn't seem
to be the case okay have we seen the
revenant yet some of us have that's
weird that's a weird thing to say two of
us have
thank you guys so much because I just
bought this on Steam I got suckered into
a 67 percent off ducktales - thanks doc
tells us great the show and the game
mm-hmm I've said it often scrooge mcduck
is the best Disney character though
though I guess technically isn't like
spider-man a Disney character now that's
true
well but it's still technically a Marvel
so yes but Marvel was technically Disney
technically it doesn t care hey
spider-man you'd have a crossover with a
Little Mermaid and it would be nothing
yeah go ahead do it
come on red bar get up there
what's what's going on in the world
today jack you know there's a lot
happening in the life of it okay you
know what you don't want to do what turn
69 you don't want to be 69 years old
anymore ever
that is true busting make make I'm
hungry give me food thank you I fight a
motherfucker move we lost Bowie
we lost alan rickman Dan Haggerty yep
Grizzly Adam Grizzly Adams yeah oh wait
locked
oh oh well get rid of a kick
what are the stats x go up we'll see I
wanted to say 484 457 four so this this
is more accurate so we definitely want
the punch simple an energy efficient yep
this doesn't do any more division it's a
less Act agility get rid of the kick and
replace it with the epic on it yeah and
then the uppercut is about as accurate
as a kick but more powerful okay great
ready begin
I was thinking about Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves when when I'll be Alan
Rickman's stuff yeah I was kind of like
oh man that movie so bad but so good bad
this is a strange thing to me is like
the first thing anybody is saying about
him to passings star of Harry Potter
films that's well that's that's how the
majority of people know I get it
he was the huge star of all the Harry
Potter 50
he's his hands a grouper his mother
fucking Hans Gruber he's he is he is the
man that invented the Eastern European
villainy he said he's guy from Galaxy
Quest Wow he's ons Gruber what else is
in a Robin Hood Prince of Thieves of
course yeah he plays a wonderful role in
dogma the Kevin Smith movie as the as
the the voice of God as he should be
Alan Rickman should be the voice of God
what do you love him and dog well he's
just he's just everything good and
everything
you're one in the fight weight in the
fight feeling good when in the fight and
feeling good ran out of stamina though
slighest 69 is I guess he would be 69
yeah it's not young man
Sylvester yeah yeah you know what watch
for the sudden cancer death of Sylvester
Stallone in a few weeks right a week
maybe tomorrow anything's possible
we went
I mean Hans Gruber is probably the most
interesting character in diehard
more so than John McClane sure oh here
we go
this gives us an additional ability slot
that's important to me he's Hans Gruber
forget Galaxy Quest it's garbage yes I'm
just saying I put I put he's more
notable for Galaxy Quest then for Harry
Potter to me but yeah definitely
I heard overall
whose strength all for never been a
Doctor Who fan would alan rickman have
been a good doctor
he know what he would have been he would
have been a great like weird alien in
one episode to interact with the doctor
what's what's the doctor's arch-nemesis
the evil doctor the evil Time Lord evil
Time Lord even would have been good for
that no because like the evil Time Lord
had this wonderful insanity about him
Alan Rickman Alan Rickman needed to be
just like that in several Doctor Who
episodes there are these like you know
corporate businessmen of the future of a
distant alien planet that just want to
wipe out everything you know for a
corporation that's Alan Rickman
okay Alan Rickman is too cool
yes Tim Curry has one he has one foot
out the door
huh arguably he's already passed away
look he had a massive stroke right did
he yeah I think he had a stroke how much
of your brain has to die before you're
already effectively dead what percent of
you what percentage of you has to be
gone before you're not really you
anymore shit happens but it happens all
of these things are true
shit happens but it happens
I give you money thank you ooh now we
got money hey stop
okay now we got some money what do we
need we need groceries
we need gym we need more money some
groceries for home hey Pooh great
right
today's all bun today's all about money
today's a money day
and when Rickman will always be Marvin
to you
mm no no oh that Marvin the Paranoid
Android Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
oh well you know that movie you weren't
you weren't a fan of that movie No all
right Karen yeah huge Hitchhiker's Guide
to the galaxy fan huge sure devoured
those books always fond of them love
talking about smoke he won't see the
movie together she fell asleep a
tremendously huge hits like Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy fan fell asleep
during the movie oh oh look who's in the
booth here Oh reference a reference to
paled fake John
we must sleep we must sleep and get
happy before we can and continue on well
what if the fight that makes you happy
oh oh - I'm gonna sleep I get you I get
you previously recorded live would you
ever play Metal Gear Solid 5 multiplayer
no no
rich can you at least tell us if it's
this game for the rest of the night we
don't have plans like I'm trying to talk
on some shit now yeah rich just started
gibbering am i behind in the champ just
just scroll down there without me asking
it to I would that three finger thing
didn't want to work it did things wrong
uh-huh
anonymous says thanks for entertaining
me in the midst of a marathon after
effects session you hacks there you go
it's always nice to have something on
you no after-effects wait you know like
when you're editing video there's a lot
of sound involved but when you're doing
After Effects works there you need to
fill that void with something and yeah
like this stuff like this podcasts are
really great for that
training hard today training hard today
okay so by the way the longer you do a
workout the less effective it becomes
over time so you guys vary up your
workout okay so like we get full bubbles
but if I keep running eventually I'll
get not full bubbles yet to feel babbles
I'm good with the green here doing go at
the green and switch it up
I can green out perfect play darkest
dungeon instead darkest dungeon didn't
we play that once yeah you didn't like
that yes hungry and protein boom
protein bar
super games today super games and we got
a fight coming up doing great feeling
great so we're just gonna see if we can
gain any more and here we'll go eat and
then we'll go fight cherry tonic says my
bf said he would totally buy you guys
copy of EDF 4.1 I'm assuming that's the
Earth Defense Force oh yeah for the ps4
if you guys would play it Earth Defense
Force four people bring it up a couple
times yeah
don't know much about it go complete now
your shape is better than ever you look
even better than me great okay oh shit
we need to sleep
blue m3 you're you're blue and green or
right on the cusp I know that cusp focus
on red and stop trying to balance your
stance all right well yeah no and I I am
red as you can tell us more but like
these are right there
no no what's more important as I go eat
yes get a little sleep I would say yes
five bucks I can take the bus home what
I have a fight today
hey kid have you knitted out have you
kitted out your garage with gym
equipment yet if you can save up enough
cash and buy the gear you won't need to
keep visiting the gym as much I guess
that would save me if everybody's
hanging mini yeah would ya oh but if you
have too much cash on you people will
try to steal it sleep a little bit right
before a fight cuz that's good for right
before a fight we did all we have to do
is make sure that we fight today
good all right and let's go fight her
Defense Forces starship troopers the
video game we already play already it
was called Helldivers are they the same
game here we go
no wait now I have three moves that's
uh-oh this guy's so fucking done rich
were you four in the president's
presidential election and why we don't
like to get the politics too heavily I
will say I am NOT for Trump I think
we've made them mad fuck Trump
we've made that abundantly clear there
are thugs but it's probably best not to
get into politics yeah
you're not here for politics you're here
to get away from all that until I decide
I really want to talk about power
there is no God and your beliefs are
wrong there I said it
I did it we're talking about now we're
talking about how wrong your religion is
yeah whatever it is I by the way my
power am I going with the power strategy
I pummeled that guy
I felt I felt yeah I felt really good
about like beating the crap out of
seedings any the because we purposefully
like we started building strange yep
we worked towards something look yeah
hello I'm right that's fighters awesome
really awesome made thanks Roy yeah know
what winning big is just one big and you
fight a fella and I want to thank ye
let's go to the bar and have a wee drink
my treat sure the I need little zip
fan-xiu a nut you could really hit use a
friend a fellow let's go to five right
no no that's Tyler Durden I'd like to
ask you a question sure desk question
what do you know about self destruction
me Tyler reference reference reference I
am Joe self-improvement my head my
father taught me movement like wood
making your muscles big make it some
money the big house
flashy car you know those things you own
end up owning you right just trying to
sound cool your ailing is I'm not cool
I'm the dude just wanna have a couple
more beers go home already uh really
have the quite slow fighter you know you
want some new scars and now you're gonna
die without them come back when you're
ready then you're gonna be a lesson in
there not even a spin on it they're just
taking the dialogue from Fight Club
verbatim yeah where's the clever twist
where's
the punny name that sounds like tyler
but isn't tyler right fight fight clubs
don't talk about Fight Club well second
rule of five clubs don't talk about
Fight Club
