Episode 484
Punch Drunk (Punch Club part 2)
March 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evUysXD10Ck
___________________________________________

I don't understand what this means you
won't lose strength below 4 ah I don't
know what that means
like that one
I like the skill right you have to
unlock the corresponding technology the
main branch man I get it backhand mister
glitch says I believe monotheism is a
gift from the gods
that's clever it's clever I like that
Oh like what I need to buy this first so
I can buy this so I can buy this so I
can get to weigh the tiger Chernobyl no
we won't weigh the bare genomic
Chernobyl kinsman said it's more
reference now that's funny
okay so I do want muscle memory okay I
get it I get what's happening right uh
nonnamous says anonymous Oh little
darlin my little darlin oh where are you
my lover I was wrong her to try to love
you only you hooba hooba hooba hooba no
one well that my lover was just for you
only you lol fuck my cock I thought he
was trying to go for that at first I
know that's what he intended in the song
the thing okay we're gonna fight some
guy now
I don't
I mean it's another fight so that's all
that really matters hopefully we'll kick
this guy's ass
oh yeah we're kicking this guy that I
wasn't paying attention to the game of
mr. Schine smile says jack it means your
strength stat won't drop below four
points yeah I don't I don't necessarily
know what that means though your stats
drop every day a little bit you can lose
numbers oh yeah oh well there you go all
right come on skip Scott
fuck I'm losing too much energy I need
to pummel harder there we go I got him
this round though I got him this four
there we go pummel harder
rich did you used to believe in God and
and don't know now or did you believe or
did you never believe I'm asking as a
fellow atheist I never had an especially
strong belief I had to believe from the
sense that I was raised by people who
believe and take the church every now
and then and sure that's they tell me
there's a god okay there's a God dumb
little good but basically for the moment
I could think the the doubts like it
like immediately just started flooding
in and for the longest time I called
myself an agnostic cuz I didn't care as
I go this is all probably bullshit oh I
got other things to worry about again I
got a homework to do away good things
going out of school I got a rebound
you just got time this God nonsense sure
sure I'll help you for the last time
goddamn Mick I just want some fucking
food
that sign up for that fight yeah yeah
did okay I got 50 bucks
I'm pretty good and everything else will
just keep working keep working we need
some scratch we need some scratch so I
can buy some home gym equipment
agnostic is a fuck you to anyone who
wants to talk about God you cannot argue
with it agnostic that's their business
they don't they don't want to talk about
it they don't care they don't care if
you if you're mad because they don't
want to talk to you about religion then
you're just probably being a pushy
asshole about it yeah below just leaving
alone they got bills to pay
God ain't paying the bills
oh man I have I have nowhere near enough
money for all that stuff and then you
met Mike and he knew at that moment that
God did not exist now that moment was
when I thought about it for five seconds
wait a boat with all of the animals what
it's like all that and then everything
else died what did they make out the
bugs come too like there's a lot of bugs
universe is awfully big for God I'm just
putting humanity on this one tiny little
planet I mean I mean I mean the universe
is really really big which is Moses and
his family so everyone is descent of
Moses that's weird so first we were all
descended from two people then they were
all wiped out another world the center
from just one family that Moses Noah
Moses Munoz is wait he made everyone
speak a different language because they
built the tall building what a jerk you
know what that's weird we're gonna get
in trouble
look this way I feel about these things
this is my honest opinion and that's
fine you haven't Sharon Adams sharing
what I will say this if there is some
type of god figure I hope it is not the
Jew day the judeo-christian god yeah
because he is a jerk a jerk he turned a
woman into a fucking pillar of salt
because she turned around she was she'd
know cuz she you know what because she
didn't listen he is a vain jealous
asshole he just he likes people to pay
attention he likes people was not fit to
be ruling a universe he is a God that
should be rebelled against so hail Satan
is I think what I'm saying Satan is the
only celestial being with any sense of
ethics
so much trouble
rich please shut up
bake me donated by the way by the way
don't make $100 if you want me to stop
talking about how your God is bullshit
there's there's a super easy way to make
rich shut up if you're at home this
incredibly there's a magic button and
it's shaped like an X window right it's
up there
your ex is probably up there where's the
camera up there somewhere you press that
X you don't have to listen or watch
anymore it's great that's just the old
testament rich it still Canon it
happened it's not like the only the New
Testament erases it I love how you call
it Canon like that's canon what's
fiction that's what you call friendship
that's it's part of the thing that you
know there are many people that believe
that all that everything in the Bible is
literal literal and you kind of have to
if you believe that part you know you
can't just say like oh well parts of
this book are real parts are fake Carey
Lasher says hey boys just wanted
attention
worst day at work ever pretty sure
retail will one day kill me good
religion tatras what why did God change
his personality in the New Testament he
had like a mid deity crisis how does
that work yeah but before Jesus got us
all death hell fire brimstone plagues
don't cross me or I'll fuck your shit up
God was younger than and then an asshole
were there and then Jesus happens and
suddenly it's all lovey-dovey you know
you know what I think
I've tried to analyze this from like a
psychology perspective okay I think once
God incarnated himself into human form
as Jesus in theory
he realized oh god this is hard Oh me
this is hard
I expect way too much out of these meat
sacks I better ease up so this I guess
you could at least twist that to make
some kind of sense gods sudden personnel
a sheriff sure said I just paid ten
bucks I'm gonna spot you picking on
Christians is easy let's hear analysis
of Islam oh wait they kill you yes
that's true
Islam's a horrible violent religion
where where they want to don't kill
everyone that isn't them and everyone
rape everyone that's not them and rape
everyone that is them because they
really don't like women they know
underground and incidentally it's the
same God that we're talking about I've
earned some money
yay serious injury
oh yeah so by the way back to 9/11 it's
fishing of his love
we're just we're just here you know
we're politics religion we cover all the
bases that's that's what prereq is all
about who can we piss off next how is it
pissing people off what how is that
pissing people on why are my views
horrible no they're not horrible okay
they're of good no they're not horrible
it's if anything you know people some
people don't like to hear it and like I
said then then they can just shut it
right off then they don't have to hear
it at all that's great I never said all
all Muslims were awful monsters I've
never said that less than 1% are awful
monsters but the fact is nobody should
have to die for somebody else's shitty
religion that shit happens to zero
percent of the time and I'm gonna say
that's a fair statement no one no one
should have to die because someone else
is shitty that's just the thing don't be
shitty to each other
rich started it yeah so what deal with
it why am i fighting this asshole again
mr. Xiao Mao says overage Evans you're
going to be the death of me as a mod I
keep fighting the same asshole
I should be better than this guy right
now turkey burger too says rich canon
came from early church discussions over
what was official bible canon from a
classical Greek word that means rule to
follow to measure why know that I don't
I did not know thank you for sharing
they had a lot of Canon discussions and
there's a whole lot of I don't know much
about them there's a whole lot of books
that at some point were a part of the
Bible that aren't now like well well
this is somebody a group of people just
decidable this is true and and this
isn't yeah I remember that I remember
like there's a big there's a big end
there's a meetin
okay
learner cross punch some motivation
power punch dueling high-damage does not
require high a nice cross punch
motivation then I get way of the bear
great
in one week you are transported to 1200
AD in medieval England you can't bring
anything with you how do you prepare you
can't bring anything with you yeah how
do you prepare clothes do you get to
bring clothes so I would I would how
long do I get to prepare that's the big
question
yeah you talk to survival experts cuz
you're gonna have to live out in the
force if you live out in Bumblefuck
there's no way you're gonna be able to
integrate in the beds that society no no
I so I would talk to survival experts on
making fires for hunting for food I a
small fishing village here's what I
would do okay
I would I would study magic like like
magic trick style magic learn as much as
I can I I would also brush up on some
science I would perform some miracles
and pass myself off as the second coming
and live like a king except for Jesus
was hunted nothing that not the twelve
hundred nine to twelve hundreds no you
would say you would pass you would
that's it I would I would pass myself as
off as either some kind of magician a
wizard a wizard probably I probably
wouldn't go the religious rod I probably
definitely go for the wizard you magic
is like you you would know that like oh
if I rub this materials together it like
turns into pink smoke or whatever do
some basic chemistry right give me give
me some of that that fungus and I will
mix together this potion that will cure
your infection we have knowledge of the
future that gives us a tremendous amount
of power going back to the Year 1200 ad
I would so you could be king you could
use your knowledge to be fucking King so
I would king of a fucking hideous
foul-smelling dirt farm but you could be
king I think this is one way to go and
so once your once your the magical King
right so you're the magic King you can
perform magic trips everyone everyone
fears you here's what I would do so you
have turned these one balls into three
balls
so here's what I would do I would take
my army because we're transported to
England right yep I would take my
English army travel south to Africa and
get coffee that's the very first thing I
would do I would take my entire army
through Egypt to Africa and get coffee
and then coffee would really I would be
the first Englishman to discover coffee
and I would be Rich's fuck no actually I
would still go the no one talked to me
route yep I would still go like
survivalist maybe find a small village a
wife a small wife I will provide for my
wife in a small village and not be
bothered by anyone because I don't want
to be king everyone would kill you the
language alone would be an obstacle to
overcome yes you would have to pass
yourself off as a foreigner yes that's
why I'm going the most remote village
possible a nice fishing village
something by the water survival skills
what do I need they have money I need
money
that's not let's try this warehouse
fight the king would want you to make
gold and he would drown you what a pawn
when you can't produce no but I would
research science so I would be able to
deliver the the special blessed strong
metal which is stronger than their their
bronze and iron and they can fight
better yep and you would you would learn
how to like like poison people are you'd
have to kill I have this powder that can
make a device that will kill people in
long range but only I know the formula
yep coffees from North Africa a small
wife did I say a small way if I just I
think I just had a wife I would find a
wife a nice a nice wife in a small
fishing village and I would know
survival skills and you know what I like
the idea of just learning like basic
medicine I'm like how do you make
penicillin yes I'm gonna be some
penicillin and I think if I if I found a
small enough field
I think there's been a couple all right
we got a few here honey anonymous says
do you accept steam keys if so where is
the best place to send them prereq fan
here whose game was recently released
oh absolutely our email is prereq at red
letter media com I check that email all
the time send us your keys I know we
have a couple like waiting a couple of
games by fans waiting to be played and
but but yeah we love playing games made
by y'all don't be upset if we talk about
them and we don't like them because
sometimes that happens
sorry mankini says guys please play
another game today - I hate the Sims and
punch Club is like Sims go to the gym it
is Sims go to the gym that your
absolutely correct Lord Belmont says
rich you would change the future with
your actions you'd be in essentially a
different universe where no one you know
whatever be born all of history after
your actions is different yes but that's
once you go back in time that far that's
gonna happen no matter what not once you
bring with you the butterfly effect
mm-hmm
even during even if you die through
travel and Landa and your body lands in
a field somewhere that will change all
you could just say hi to somebody and
that's gonna start a chain reaction that
will keep millions and billions of
people from but we're burned not being
born other people will be born instead
not to mention the fact that your body
has bacteria and diseases in it that
they have never seen before you caught
on someone and they died of smallpox
yeah a millennia before it's a big deal
yeah yeah so basically once you go back
in time you may as well go whole hog
once you go back that far everything's
fuckin timeline has already been fucked
it's not like it's not like the movies
where you just piece that shit back
together
butterfly effect ain't and so forgiving
I don't think you will want to enjoy
hygiene before you're sent back to 1200
look I didn't choose to go back to 1200
right the the hypothetical scenario
presented to me was you have to go there
yeah how would you prepare you can't
bring anything with you you're just you
got to make the best out of the
situation at that point I would rather
not be a king and have plumbing or I
could I get a negative vent plumbing
invent indoor plumbing dig this ditch
we're gonna put a tube in here why just
trust me we're gonna love this tube we
need we need a water really high up and
that's gonna create something called
pressure everyone would think I was
disgusting though because I wanted
people to go to the bathroom inside
their homes it's so disgusting where
would the chambermaid take your pot too
then
there is no pop it goes under my house
don't look at a woman's breasts rich if
you do super Hitler will be bored
dude the Romans had plumbing in 280
we're talking about medieval England
we're do remember there was a very
specific time and place that was
mentioned we are being transported to
England in the 1200s only 40 bucks
Lord Belmont says that's exactly what I
was trying to say do anything in the
past it changes it yes and I completely
I'm just saying you may as well go with
it at that point let's let's just say by
the way that your body evaporates in the
time vortex and a strong breeze blows in
the past where it wasn't that changes
everything
yes because because time travel changes
everything
yeah I'll become a champion okay okay
many have theorized on the resilience of
history
if you kill Hitler in 1938 for example
someone else starts World War two
because of the wider pre-existent
conditions already in place they changes
though I'm gonna start smaller and
snowball because sure the political
situation was still in place and even if
Hitler was died World War two might
break out but we're talking about
jostling eggs not meeting the same sperm
and and different people are born and
then that snowballs down the road and
then like four hundred years later
there's an entirely different group of
people living on this earth and would
have been had time not been changed
working hard for the money well but so
hard forward honey bumper bumper yes yes
the Roman everyone everyone's everyone's
getting really pissed off because the
Romans had plumbing
I don't believe they did in medieval
England though we're talking about
medieval England specifically that was
perfect that was just perfect
bye-bye that was weird
Oh people are people are saying that it
was lead pipes and that probably
wouldn't be a good idea I think that's
what they're the gist of it is what led
oh I was thinking more along the lines
of sewage and basically having a toilet
not for drinking wine yeah but my
thought wasn't about drinking water but
sure I think that this is why by the way
I'm sticking with my original plan of
not dealing with any of that shit I'm
gonna learn survival skills some basic
medicine and find a fishing village in
England just I'm not even just a tiny
I'm gonna have a small little cabin a
small wife apparently can't can we
please hear the medieval England version
of prereq reviewing the game you can hit
this hoop with a stick and it's quite
boring really get old very fast aye
verily I must protest
take a few ball and put it in yonder cup
what whilst hitting the stick might seem
is simplistic its into the fun we derive
from it the reward no matter the
challenge verily work for sooth I do
indeed well verily enjoy the game one
runs down a street as fast as one can
they didn't have game this is what they
had oh I ran they could run what ve only
think I can fake that turtle now might
be good enough to fight that turtle now
one was chess invented somebody saying
chess today and prereq review we review
the game of chess just invented last
year sure
okay great here we go I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to fight the turtle again way
--then thigh fuck it that's Elizabethan
English you hacked frauds hey lever yep
we messed up big-time rich don't fucking
know these things you know what I know
jack shit
said I know nice small town small
village I'm a foreigner I'll make a hunt
some animals I'll bring some pelts as a
gift some pelts you know I know how to I
know how to gut an animal I'm giving my
pelts I see if they have any work for me
stop by the expensive pizza what a waste
no it's one more dollar but it gives you
five more food points that's the pizza
to buy that's the good pizza to buy oh
fuck yeah I'm kicking your ass
turtle Kung Fu crocodile
or
I need some blocking Moo's Oh kicked
your ass
Kung Fu bill nice skip Scott that was a
good fight dude come back later my
brother mark wants to would like to
fight with you to stretch his legs no
bill
mark see look at these pizza prices I
can order in it so it's two more dollars
oh oh oh you know what it gives us
happiness points it gives us happiness
points and I guess our happiness is all
the way oh yeah you know what I should
buy the cheap pizza because I need
hearts if you can go back in time and
rip off someone's invention and claim it
as your own what would it be
hmm rip off someone's invention and
claim it as your own well you need to
stay in the assuming to enjoy the the
windfall you need to stay in that period
of time yes people you know invent the
cotton gin yourself then you're kind of
stuck in the 1800's Industrial
Revolution area so ideally it's gonna be
something more modern so so you want to
invent the circuit board you want to be
you want to be you want to be something
like that yeah well the software get to
count as an invention I think here's
what I my rule for this is it needs to
be pre modern day because it's too easy
cuz then because then we can just say Oh
like I would have invented flappy bird
you know like and made a million dollars
and so like it needs to be pre 1900s
that's my rule for this just to make it
a more interesting conversation for us I
would have invented you know the iPod
and then and you know made a gazillion
bazillion dollars I would have chat
saying some was saying steam press
someone else is saying printing press
renting press would have been nice
I'm you know I'm gonna I'm an old-school
kind of guy and and just fer for me it
would have been roasting coffee
imagine this rich yeah you are a peddler
of wares mm-hm and you and you you come
to a fresh shop and you have these
mysterious dark beans and you crush them
you're in some water through them and
you have a potion and you say you if you
drink this potion you will be filled
with vim and vigor you will perform
better at your job you'll jump higher
and then they go oh that's that's
hog-wild and then they have a little bit
and it's all true but everything they do
is better all the time and it becomes
one of the most widely drank substance
in the modern era coffee and tea we live
in an age though where you need that
energy it's a hectic society Oh was it
as hectic the coffee
way back when coffee as always Coffee is
forever what do you look when you're
when you're living at a time when you're
when you're bored and it's it's too hot
to do anything you just have to sit your
porch all day do you really need more
energy of course coffee is always the
answer gonna fight today
my skill points coffee can rural rural
nations oh I did it
I got unlocked the way of the bear I did
it rich hmm powerful uppercut Ganymede's
9 says I'd still songs and pretend I had
wrote them oh my neck my back would be a
hit in the olden days that's not a bad
don't we thought doesn't music music
evolves like it's not like you if you
brought Skrillex back to the 1800s what
would happen it would not be good well I
get you would also assume that like you
you know how to play the music back then
or record it or whatever no you know
what if we're doing that then fuck it
I'm inventing Mickey Mouse I'm inventing
animation I'm gonna be Walt fucking
Disney up in here what happened you're
known before the night and well come on
you can't be well doesn't he I'm sorry
oh I'm sorry you can't that's fine
that's probably for the best you could
invent animation though much earlier but
what if take-off at the time I guess
someone you all you need his movies you
just need movie theaters but even he
invent the motion picture I'd invent the
motion well no you know what I don't
think motion pictures were very popular
when they first not not the automotive
car no not the automotive car because
you know what the automotive car didn't
even take off right away the thing that
the thing that made the automotive car
take off was was the cheap automotive
car I'm sticking with Mike I'm sticking
with coffee I would I would be the first
to go to Africa take those delicious
berries rip the seeds out of them roast
them crush him sell the juice Beck Beck
amusing though what's what's
yeah this I can't remember where that
style of music is called that's it looks
kind of what is it that dubstep dubstep
thank you
the dubs like what's what's the earliest
she can go back with dub SEC and have it
still take off like that wouldn't fly in
the 60s it probably wouldn't fly in the
70s in the 80s oh no to find the
eighties in order to work culturally I
think you just need you need that
unbroken chain oh but I think like that
what they're saying is like you know you
go you go back in time and and just beat
the artists out to whatever song you
know mm-hmm you go back and she'd be a
real dick about it you just like a year
before he came back like one year before
you know cotton-eye joe by rednecks came
out because what he was working on that
though at the time you and you have no
connection
dubstep doesn't work in 2016 or any year
to ever exist I agree I agree but that's
why I use that as an example sure people
at the bar
it's popular enough to be a thing and it
couldn't have been a thing at any other
time in history
dubstep yeah how would how would
Beethoven's audience react to Nirvana
oh my god well it's very differently
because they wouldn't have any
amplifiers very well you could bring the
amps we can we can make mono or could be
unplugged see unplug Nirvana Oh
maybe well unplug Nirvana was pretty
good I got some fights tomorrow rich I
got some fights tomorrow I need to make
some money go to the gym you you do what
you need to do in this game that you are
playing
we got a bulk your strength still in
late form huh you lose it every day a
lot there's enough apparently
apparently and lose enough fuck yeah see
and I'm losing already
take the bus take the bus to the grocery
store I pull we need some steaks pizza
steak get out of here
city map go to the gym take the bus
alright we got a we got pump we got a
pump
I you know a dubstep like I don't listen
to dubstep very often but I find I find
dubstep to be very visually appealing
you know you listen to dubstep in your
like it's it's like an acid trip for
your mind is filled with images when you
listen to dubstep oh I have I have two
fights today keep working you probably
only about the silver one I'm assuming
you lose a whole bunch of health and
food or whatnot if for the one fight I
don't know you know rich I don't know
we're gonna build up blue bar two three
before we get going no specialized
specialized special and specialized but
you know like the all the stats are
important and actually drink it protein
bar
protein bar it just want that stat up to
three cuz if I can't take up the numbers
it doesn't matter you know like my five
is a five no matter how much I've raised
my red now if I can just raise that blue
a little bit there we go get up there
boom all right what do we need what do
we need what do we need I know I got
fights today I know we're gonna go home
we're gonna eat a steak
boom steak
when I take a nap boom nap
and good good enough all right we're
gonna do the rookie league fight first
ultimate fights take more audio oh shit
I can be you you can but be wiped out
for the important fight wiped out now
this is good and it'll be fine the other
fight takes more heart out of me the
ultimate fight takes more heart out of
me you got nothing
oh you got nothing super combo breaker I
like I like Alyssa dubstep is one of
those things that I listen to a lot when
I'm doing a lot of After Effects work
just because it's it's kind of mindless
but it's interesting enough in the
techno techno music in general just
noises you know mm-hmm I guess that's
all music well most music is pleasant
noises oh shit
remember what rich taught us about
pokemons Jack and and just mega punch
you can't choose what you're doing and
choose the mega punch he's choosing for
us and he did I do have a mega punch
you're gonna lose his fighter yeah I
hope oh no oh you've lost to a weaker
fighter
wow that's well he had more thing that's
really embarrassing and more thing
that's really embarrassing and I know I
know I have one more fight today we're
gonna go get some food
to raise up my heart Casey
he said we need more heart music is
sound for fucking most old music is
pretending it's not you just try and
fuck the cotton eyed Joe just try it say
that goes for you so much see how much
your girl gets into that wrap it up
Brennan Venera been ever different of
every the hamster song the hamster dance
need me that no hamster yeah
all my fighter is not killing it
American astronomers say they have
strong evidence that there is a ninth
planet in our solar system orbiting far
beyond even the dwarf world Pluto some
science chat for today I saw that is
these are actually the same astronomers
that helped classify Pluto as a dwarf
planet not a planet
these are the people that are that are
looking at me they think they think it's
out there and actually this thing is
part of the reason they wanted to
reclassify Pluto because they kept
seeing bigger and bigger things out
there that weren't planets you know so
it's it's exciting need some better
cameras out there I haven't I haven't
heard much about that yet but I'm gonna
lose two fights unless my fighter can be
poisonous there I used to be a highly
elliptical orbit orbiting the Sun once
every 15,000 years or so and they're the
same basically is the the Nemesis Theory
look I've lost yeah yeah you lost no but
I lost everything I lost the whole my
heart oh you don't you lose the game
even injured
brain concussion oh good work good work
brain concussion
hooray ah shit so nemesis and then the
other one was new Nibiru hypothetical
plants okay ix planets in the solar
system
eighth or whatever whatever number we
say we have now uh-huh and no Jack Jack
is busy playing this dogfighting
simulator fighting simulator where he
eats pizza and takes naps and goes to
work the best kind of game where you eat
I I wanted to talk about this planet
that supposedly killed the dinosaurs but
Jack's gotta he's gonna he's got a jog
well you don't even really jog I'm just
kind of run it run in place well that's
what John did Jim so jogging is but I
have to even pretend to run in place
like I'm so fucked yes it's the Planet X
slash nemesis idea but it's coming from
an actual scientist and not a crackpot
no well III didn't why didn't like buy a
whole hog into it and say yeah it's
definitely a thing the whole Nemesis
Theory never sounded that implausible to
me nemesis you know you know the most
stars in this galaxy have a second star
they're binary systems okay nemesis is
the theoretical binary Sun to the earth
Oh only it's very dim because in theory
it's a brown dwarf okay which they're
not lit up and the reason they have this
theory is because somebody like time the
extinction events on this planet they
come once and like every fifty thousand
years or so there's an extinction cycle
and the theory is there's a originally
nemesis it was the brown dwarf now some
people say it's the planet that has an
extremely elliptical orbit in every
fifty thousand years it gets close
enough to the Oort cloud to disrupt some
comets and rocks and it sends them
towards the earth and that's when you
get these like asteroid impacts that
killed the dinosaurs and whatnot okay
that's the theory yeah and yeah
crackpots exec were the ones who
advocated it but it never sounded
extremely far-fetched to be sure
Ritchie does if you discovered a new
planet or dinosaur what would you name
them you know I think there was a it's
it's kind of a myth that you get to name
the planet you discover which which
plant was it I want to say Uranus was it
Uranus it was it might've been Uranus
know I might have I was either you're a
nurse or Neptune okay that like the guy
who named it like originally was like
sucking up to the king at the time he
named the planet after the king
eventually it got changed to fit in with
the other ones it got named after a
classical God so you don't necessarily
get the name these things you discover
mm-hmm like if I if I discovered a
dinosaur and I wanted to name it anal
sex asaurus somebody would probably step
in and say no you can't do that sure
anal sex asaurus rex anal sex asaurus
rex i love my money
I had too much money in my pocket and
those dickheads gonna try to take it
from me and he's gonna I thought I'd be
smart and just like take a couple days
because I have a brain injury sounds
like I'll take a couple days off on
fighting just work in my normal job
raise some money and buy some home gym
equipment and yet you're totally right
I'm totally wrong and the number on that
fifty thousand years yeah way higher
than that because these things are
millions of years apart brain fart
brain fart one time is what I'm at long
time really obscenely long time what are
you doing over there
hey what are you doing over there we
were taking a bus from work to home what
are you what are you doing over here
what did you miss our miller you missed
anal soros Rexie nassau writes anal sex
asaurus rex
you had to sum about your brain injury
check yeah I have to wait it out I have
to wait out my brain injury so I thought
I'd work and get money but apparently if
you get over $200 you get robbed and I'm
not strong enough to not get robbed fuck
it's a fuck man and now I'm not happy so
I got to go watch some TV to make me
happy
TV makes me happy I've lost two fights
in a row and to work a dumb job to get
more money
it's like River City ransom except that
game rocked and you could like move
around on your own and River City ransom
we're just clicking on things and
waiting for the game to do fights for
you there's some neat things in here
it's not super exciting it's a mobile
phone game that should never this should
never be played on a desktop PC this
should be played at the bus stop I'm
gonna just do this we never got the
river city ransom sequels in America
that way River City ransom seekers it's
fucking awesome unless they sucked
okay
can you get a girlfriend in this game I
think there were only dudes in this game
so far there's a lot of dudes
I'm stalled a little bit and at my five
power
I'm not super psyched about that I can't
go under four cuz I have that though
there are going in this game there's two
there's proximately two women in this
game and we could see their butts yeah
that's that's a fine thing
that's a fine fine thing hey buds ho
butts
there we go
I keep it saying you don't know those
are women oh you know what women men
somewhere in between they got cute butts
how about that how about that keep going
dude to do the jacket block he's gonna
lose every fight without it I have not
gotten block yet I might have wasted
some money
I might have wasted some money going for
the bear upgrade that's just something
I'm gonna have to live with finish my
workout go home any favorite boxing
movie Rocky trying to think of different
boxing movies now rocky 2 was one with
James Wood with a one guy had to like
knock out ten guys in one night right
was it rocky 3
no how about rocky 4 I don't really have
a favorite boxing movie Rocky 4
Mitch do you care about the Suicide
Squad the trailer looks good with the
Joker is the weakest part of it I
actually did a live reaction the start
of the stream to the newest trailer and
yeah Queen is a good band Queen is a
great band that's a great song the Jared
Leto Leto Joker I'm really worried about
mostly because I
he's Joker someone else he's following a
very hard act he's but yes he's
following a very hard act that's a very
that's a very nice way to really he's
following to hard acts yeah well because
you've got the definitive Joker Mark
Hamill
then you have an excellent very good
interpretation of the Joker in Heath
Ledger and he's following both of them
and don't don't envy the man I do not
envy him no you know I am glad that
they're doing a new thing with it you
know like they they're trying something
different
does she's a romero not get enough
credit his Joker was spot-on to the
Joker in the comics at the time yes so
does he not get enough credit I just
think that a lot of people saw it
especially not nowadays 60s Batman you
think a lot of people didn't see that
and nowadays okay
okay is what I'm going with I think the
worst a lot is Jack Nicholson he's just
Jack Nicholson with face makeup and a
little bit crazier than normal a little
bit funny crazier than normal Jack
Nicholson crazy cuz he's always crazy in
movies out of the main Joker's so main
Joker's are Cesar Romero
yep Mark Hamill yep no Mikey Fletcher
and and Jack Nicholson
those are the four we got main ones as
of right now Nicholson is the least of
them in my mind by far and easily the
least about all right absolutely
Chad feel free to disagree there's
nothing to disagree with that they will
there's nothing to disagree with that by
far is the weakest someone sank Jack
Nicholson is the Joker no you are you
are incorrect sir or madam sir or madam
you are incorrect
60s jokey something that means Joker was
fucking weird because of his face paint
covering his mustache did you notice
that on shitty 60s TVs though because
they didn't have 30 inch TVs back then
you had like a little screen like this
and half of them were black and white
right
look I'm not saying Jack Nicholson did a
terrible job
I can't launch that movie and see Batman
and the Joker I watched that movie and I
see Batman and Jack Nicholson playing
the Joker that's the problem like I
don't watch that movie and I don't say
oh that's Michael Keaton this Batman
oh yeah cuz my boo Keaton was great in
that role he WA and I I prefer I still
prefer beyond of course the animated
series I still prefer Michael Keaton's
Bruce Wayne over or just about any Bruce
well sure and then when when the Joker's
on screen I see
oh there's Jack Nicholson playing the
Joker yes yes and absolutely
we go absolutely Michael Keaton is one
of my favorite first Wayans and Batman's
mostly because he actually like did some
detective stuff and I liked his I liked
his Bruce Wayne like that opening party
scene of him as Bruce Wayne I thought
it's perfect he's eccentric he's he's
kind of an absent-minded billionaire you
know he knows Alfred is there looking
looking after him great he plays the
character very well
in reference to what would be the
number-one answer on the board the
family fuse family feud name and actor
will play the Joker
Tiberius Kirk says I guarantee you Mark
Hamill won't make the top four answers
on the board that's probably true that's
to his credit
well people people here that Mark Hamill
did the voice they're like that was Mark
Hamill that is not that is not to his
credit he's the animated one he's sure
he's the only one where you don't see
his face that that has nothing to do
with his playing of the Joker it's
because he's animated but how many
people are shocked when they find out
that Smurfs Hamill I've told people who
aren't I don't really shoot aren't
really nerves they don't pay that much
attention that was Mark Hamill look what
hmm yeah but it's a me so it's different
oh my god now we're getting into
steroids potion vendor yeah so what's
wrong with Jack Nicholson playing the
Joker it's distracting you're not seeing
the character you're seeing the actor
playing the character and like I I
wouldn't even go that far you know I
think there are a lot of actors you know
everyone complains that Tom Hanks is
just Tom Hanks in every movies but I
think he's more just the everyman yeah
yeah you know like everyone says you
know all I see is timing so it's like no
no he's just playing in every man and
that's what Tom Hanks is and so Jack
Nicholson you see I think it's less Jack
Nicholson being Jack Nicholson and more
Tim Burton not having a strong direction
for him to play
Tim Tim Burton had a world style a very
strong view of the world style right hmm
his Batman doesn't have much special
about him his Joker doesn't have much
special about him you know like once we
get into Batman Returns and Tim Burton
can do whatever he wants to the bad guys
then you start seeing weird Tim Burton
bad guys I don't think he had a strong
vision of the Joker okay whereas if you
look at Heath Ledger Joker that is all
Nolan like that is all him having a
singular vision of how he's going to pro
portray this villain right and it's
beautiful Hamill Hamill Joker is the
same way like Hamill finding to voice
the personality the animators bringing
that to life a strong direction
Burton kind of weak yeah
what's going on I'm just fucked are you
done yeah okay that's fine time to call
it anyway
it's probably time to call it anyway I
just don't want to play this game
anymore all right can't fight these guys
then I look like I can beat these guys I
get it I get it this whole punch Club
stare and you know here's and and just
to wrap up just to wrap up Jared Leto
isn't this joke right Jared Leto is the
kind of person who believes in himself
as an actor probably to his detriment
because I think he's a little
egotistical about it but I think he's
gonna give that role 110 percent hmm and
they're trying something new with his
Joker and that should be applauded I
don't know if it's gonna work I would I
would want to see it before passing
judgement yes so I really don't have
anything to say about his version yet
the teeth look weird but that's not
necessarily his fault no that's not his
well but but I think that's all part of
a cohesive carry you know yeah in the
vein of strong direction right that is
that is what is going to make him stand
out as a Joker and we'll see it does get
me a little intrigued to see the movie
how is he gonna play this Joker I know
the Joker a lot how is he gonna handle
it oh I'm a little worried bad news and
shoes I could be wrong but I think the
mark Hamill's story about him being in
traffic and the Joker voice I think that
was more less him finding the voice and
more him practicing in the car and other
drivers thinking he was a madman I could
be wrong about that dog yeah
oh by the way full measures I agree that
Batman Returns is nonsensical garbage I
think even Batman the Batman is a little
nonsensical it's Tim Burton kind of
Batman Returns is especially Tim Burton
wanking off too much new key but it has
oh sorry you got just to wrap up I
thought you were done but my my point
battery returns is it has a strong
director
he got I think Tim Burton got exactly
the movie he wanted out of Batman
Returns I don't think it's that good but
I think it's when he won that good okay
too much new key yeah
the they say he mentions how they didn't
originally Hamill wasn't gonna be the
Joker in Batman the Animated Series oh
yeah
the original voice was going to be Tim
Curry really yes you know why they
didn't go with it
because he was too expensive but he was
too scary supposedly they've they
actually they actually recorded like a
few episodes like I know when Hamill got
cast he had to like play catch up he did
like a multiplied a lot of work but it's
just way too sinister for what they
wanted I could absolutely I would love
to hear this audio oh I think everyone
would that would be so Tim it was too it
was too evil
yes yes it's way to really wait at the
grave most most of the thing think that
the mouse goes
boy you know how it should be the one
that's furthest off for the right you
can just kind of click on it there oh
yeah casual horse no we amend mr. Bibbs
xenos tiny turnip
Wilkin is the Clown 12 months in a row I
think that's a Wilkins the clown Wilkins
look I'm reading it from across the damn
room jack fuck you Wilkins the clown
twelve months in a row mall rat Co
sixteen months in a row quince omni Ark
upping mall radical with 17 months in a
row a battle that ball radical sadly can
never win unless quince on nyanko sides
to your at quince Omni X mercy basically
sepharon twelve months in a row
Jimmy of the jams twelve months in a row
it's alright guy Craig man five to six
twelve months in a row monkey me monk
kini Micah kini I think that's like a
bikini that I'm uncle it was something
like that monkey knee professor physics
fourteen months in a row Carol Asher
tear both eyes out just just tear
Mountain throw them on the floor fuck'em
crobat 55 gametes dane comically small
skeleton and the rising sun 14 months in
a row thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do well one thing
that I'm reminded of before we leave
is someone over on the reddit's was
asking for the solo audio of rich saying
oh my god your your tip audio yeah and
I'm working I'm working through some
moderators right now because they don't
believe me that I have permission to
upload it I'm working on getting it to a
site for everyone to download and use at
their discretion because I think that's
important to have out in the world but
the but the moderator is like it was
this is this from a movie well how do
you have the actors permission to upload
this to the site and I was like yes it's
a friend of mine we do with this thing
and so they're looking into making sure
that it is within the Creative Commons
legal use to upload Rich's Oh
oh my god what site is this free sounds
org it's it's a free audio Creative
Commons site where you can download and
use any sound I used the I get sound
effects from there all the time and so I
wanted to make sure it was there for
everyone I don't know if I can stand
that's that's my that's my thing that's
my schtick you know just throw it all
out there for nothing for nothing for
our fans to use just our fans want any
schmuck anyone know for rich I want
everyone to enjoy the the the pure ear
piercing pleasure there's something more
I want to say about
