Episode 486
Mediocre. (The Witness Part 2)
March 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfArmFTcuM4
___________________________________________

whoa
no I did it I did it wait wait nope nope
nope nope nope nope nope it's backwards
its backwards and upside down rich what
tablet are using actually this look a
hybrid tablet laptop thing that that
Jack has it's a it's a Lenovo yoga and
it's it was it was an old Windows laptop
that I had lying around and I thought it
would be better it would be easier for
us to use this for like watching
monitoring chat and stuff what am i
doing rich I don't know you're playing
this game I'm reading the chat because
this game is boring me to tears rich
does are this rlm have a list of own
movies I have some horrible stuff to
mail in but hoping y'all don't have them
already we thought about at once but we
have a fuck ton of movies and such a
list would be completely a prayer
impractical to make even take days or
years to make that list
spend the day making it it would
probably take more than a day we've got
three walls that are nothing but videos
DVDs of all the movies yes
oh god no yeah that would be that'd be
hell that would be heck that would be
heck on earth $2,000
no no we are short 1998 dollars on that
said Griff McMillan Terry says I wasn't
able to get up when jackass because
after a recent tragic bone-marrow injury
I didn't have the right health plan at
the Emperor Palpatine reconstructive
Medical Center which which sadly has now
been stripped from the canon oh yeah
there is now no longer a Emperor
Palpatine medical reconstruction Center
medical reconstruction surgery center oh
that's that's a shame that's a shame no
and yeah obviously if you are injured
don't stand reconstructive Medical
Center oh my god for those of us who
wait them wait this looks wait this
looks too simple rich
oh oh okay oh is it it's gonna shoot me
it's a gun and it's gonna shoot me why
do you move out of the way it yeah just
back up a little bit more
no I just had a blue team that's all so
sorry that's all right
Newman Otto says this hot new indie
title is gangbusters question what's the
strangest thing you've ever eaten you
know I think this is this is a good game
I could see people being bored by it and
I'm sorry if you are but it's a hot new
indie title and you know rich and I are
we're supposed to play the the hot new
games and this is the hottest this is
the newest it's like just can't look at
this okay what's that stack of tires
look at it look at it look at these have
sticker tires just sitting there
look I've drawn it I want to explore
this world and Italy ignore all of the
puzzles can I do that of course of
course you could you can do whatever you
want it's a video game you can play a
video game however you want that's what
makes it different now rich you're not
an adventurous eater as you have many
food allergies hmm when I was a kid I
used to think I was like clever and
inventive because I mixed my coke and
milk and that was my own drink that I
invented oh my god yeah oh yeah I'm
horrible also like to put like Kraft
cheese on top of Pringles laid out like
a pattern and then Pringles is half of
that and then more cheese then I put it
in the microwave and that was my own
food that I invented when I was a young
child that's awesome that's awesome
cook milk coke milk your own adventure
welcome microwave cheese I mean that's
great
I have eaten many many weird things
including but not limited to fried bugs
oxtail all sorts of different meats
alligator kangaroos all sorts of weird
shit and I love eating weird shit it's
like mist but all the puzzles are the
same yeah kinda you know kinda
ah yeah it's very missed
it's what you would call very missed
it's really upsetting that I can't jump
off these parts just an aesthetic thing
it's upsetting that I can't jump mm-hmm
that would be that would be something I
would want the ability to jump someone
is saying hint do you want a hint no all
right not yet yeah I'll let you know but
thank you I know it's gotta be
frightened sometimes like I can only
imagine that if you know the solution to
a puzzle like watching someone else try
to figure out has got to be incredibly
frustrating which have you ever tried
vegetarian meat alternatives everyone
I've ever tried has been awful just just
awful I've had some really good veggie
burgers but here's what I like to do
veggie burgers you know it's like it's a
lot sometimes a lot of like beans and
onions and mixed-up vegetables I like to
put it on top of a regular burger
because then it makes a regular burger
healthier thank you everybody burgers I
just don't care you know you make good
veggie burgers yeah you don't make a
veggie burger that's how you make a good
veggie burger probably I would never
just eat a veggie burger by itself that
would be sick here's another one can I
get two that one
I get to you
ah
did I hear about homeworld deserts of
crack I just got here
okay I'm not sure if you answered before
Carrick and I'm not sure if that's a
joke Carrick cuz you really should have
showed up like like an hour ago
crack quickly summarise your feelings
giant step backwards rich what it sounds
like bass I don't enjoy being on the
ground in the desert that's like the
last thing I want to do in a whole world
sequel here we go oh oh it's oh it's
locked I get it I get it
Ritchie you a Marxist no I wouldn't say
that a Marxist question to ask me that
very strange question I mean I'm
definitely missing something I'm missing
how we're supposed to do this one
this game is boring but I just feel
obligated to watch prereq well you know
hopefully we can we can fill your
boredom with jibber when we play a game
like this that's the hope at least and
if we can't I'm sorry this is the game
everybody's talking about right now
and by everybody I mean like the three
people I follow on Twitter and they talk
about this case not the politics again
right yeah he's right you're right
you're talking about my so Jack how do
you feel about religion oh my god have
you been paying attention to the whole
the the resurgence of the flat earthers
vaguely yes because I didn't even know
the flat earthers were a thing until you
pointed it out like 18 streams ago and
now that like quasi popular rapper came
out as a flat earther yeah and I've
never heard of b.o.b so it's gonna be a
thing now so it's a huge thing right now
where you know this rapper just and he
and he believes in like illegal human
cloning and the flat earth she believe
he believes in illegal human cloning yes
and a flat earth yes so great it's not a
joke no he's not a joke he's like really
serious and he takes pictures of like
the skyline and I was like where's the
curve in the earth if the earth is round
and you're like really dude really and
and apparently he got into a beef with
neil degrasse tyson neil degrasse was
just like listen man you if you want to
think like that that's fine i'm not
gonna like detract from like your music
I think the other grass Tyson is a Neil
deGrasse Tyson is probably smarter you
know probably and so and so bob was just
like show me a picture of but flat
earthers think that NASA is is putting
this all on right and so he's like I
need to see a picture of the Earth from
space not from NASA to be proven and so
everyone was like sending him pictures
from like the Russians
face agency the Chinese Space Agency
like here's a picture I took out the
window of an airplane that shows the
curvature here's a picture of the moon
that shows the curvature of the Earth's
shadow and he's like nah man because
it's lies rich it's all lies perpetrated
by the government for some reason why is
that wise why is everyone pretending
that the earth isn't flat I don't know I
love it it's great did you feel bad for
Humanity sometimes sometimes yes why do
people believe things why do people
believe what then some someone he
trusted at some age told him this thing
right who tells anybody that it's it's
got to be tough that kind of idiocy has
got tight time I thought Flat Earth was
was dead like many many centuries past
it's back in a real way it's back baby
it's back new wood improved so some some
idiot who Bob trusted taught him that
and some idiot taught him that and now
it's backed up with pseudoscience I'm
assuming they have all these factoids
about the the real earth and how flat it
is yep and why it's flatter yeah that's
the one thing I don't understand is like
why I don't understand the conspiracy
like what are people trying to hide from
us like if it's a flatter fade it's a
flatter
what are they cousin as I understand it
yeah I think they're trying to hide God
because that would keep like scientists
from getting grants or something I don't
they're trying to hide God and God fat
or Flat Earth proves God because the
Bible said the earth is flat is that
true I think so oh if not the Bible as
it is today at least some old book of
the Bible the share have been tossed out
of Canada I don't know for sure I love
it I love it it's great but ancient man
believed God made earth flat flat and
this
guy that separated the heavens from the
earth was actually a dome right this
water about this which is how the water
got separated from the firmament was a
dome the sky is a dome there's a stack
of water of course that's why the sky is
blue I know I'm serious know this this
is the old view no the flood God
originally flooded the world of Noah by
opening that dome let the water in
yes this is what people think this is
what I don't know if they currently
think this if eclis what they used to
thinking which is a dome what's the
domain out of God force it's great great
millennium
hello lynnium nice I'm giving up on that
one right now I'm gonna go over here
seems to be a fishing Kevin fun fact
nobody believed this world up too many
years before 0id the Greeks knew the
earth was right I know the Greeks knew
but I'm sure there were the world wasn't
as well connected back then the Greeks
might have known the world was flat I'm
sure there were some ignorant European
people that probably thought it was
round other than the Greeks and whoever
else sure
oh yeah I'm sure knowledge varied from
place to place
lotta idiots out there know like well
that's the thing that like shocks me the
most about this whole flat earth thing
is like figuring out that the earth was
round I said I said ignorant Europeans
like my brain not working yeah threesome
didn't be a part of Europe so you
ignorant people at some other part of
the world other than Greece probably
didn't know that right the thing the
thing that I love is like sailors
figured out really quickly that the
earth was round yeah because you know
just part of the ship would disappear it
wouldn't just gets
and go away but part of it would
disappear triangle a triangle hey what
does one have to do with a triangle
yeah oh I have no idea how I solved that
puzzle which what do you think of the
hollow a hello earth theory from New Age
morons
I know honestly I know nothing about it
the Hollow Earth theory yeah like the
earth is hollow inside I'm not sure
assuming sure I don't know why they
would think what that gets them that's
see that's the real that's the question
for that's always been the question for
me he's like motive what's the motive
here I think I solved a puzzle but I
don't quite get it can't take a picture
of this I feel like this is gonna be
important later this didn't do anything
but I feel like it's gonna be important
later you know okay I know I know Flat
Earth is currently a thing yeah and then
we heard of expanding earth expanding
earth expanding earth I believe I think
I've talked about this before but
fucking Neil Adams I believe was
famously a proponent of the expanding
earth I don't know who Neil comic books
70s comic book legend okay drew Batman
Green Lantern okay had them look
relatively realistic for the time period
okay big famous famous kind of forest
and you've almost certainly seen his
work okay which says the earth is
expanding that's why the continents fit
together at the ball the earth isn't
it's not tectonic plates that's the
earth literally getting larger where the
Oh things are like mass is just coming
from nowhere sure the whole thing is
slowly getting fatter sure okay and I
think Neil Adams like at some point and
a few years ago when I did like a
computer simulation of how the earth
expanded and the continents came apart
interesting Pangaea was just the earth
without any oceans apparently the water
came with the expansion well how do you
perhaps and perhaps is a byproduct of
the actual expansion great but you know
like I could see like uneducated people
thinking that you know you see you see a
picture of pain
yeah and then you see modern-day yeah
okay okay doo doo doo doo
exactly exactly expanding Earth theory
looks super part like you could look at
two pictures and be like oh did the
earth expand but then you know physics
but then you know a modern understanding
of basic science which do I know if time
cube theory I've heard of it once but I
don't know any of the details you
couldn't say any more about it yeah yeah
okay that's fine I love it I am so into
these crazy theories it's one of those
things that's really weird
it could hypothetically be true but you
couldn't disprove it sure I think it's
something like that I heard it mentioned
when I was looking into this whole Flat
Earth thing that's been going on oh I
get it it's locked down there this is
the no I don't know okay
I've missed some here because I'm just
terrible at my job
anonymous said does this game just blow
or am I just really slow out of space
there's six Logan as opposed to just
slow space can can you put it on the
shelf so we won't see any more anymore
can what's more there's no space this
guy doesn't like putting a space before
the word can can you play some FTL
before we all decide to go yes this game
does blow
no this game does not blow it looks
pretty bad oh it's pretty bland that's
pretty boring it looks beautiful but
boring and I guess it all depends on how
you feel about puzzles anonymous says do
you care about the division No
anonymous says which have you ever heard
of the time cube theory we just talked
about and the real Veon says Neil Adams
did an interview on the skeptics guide
to the universe talking about the
expanding earth about seven or eight
years ago they weren't impressed oh he's
like oh I'll go on this and show them
and these are these are people who like
who know this shit yeah I'm stuck I'm
stuck unless I can figure out how to
open a door there are more people in
this stream then there are flat earthers
probably true a famous rap artist is now
advocating it that that might change
unfortunate labour I just like just like
what's her face in the anti-vaccine
McCarthy yeah Jenny McCarthy there's a
gate it's blocking me gate be blocking
me
I'll get to that gate fucking gate
Jenny McCarthy is a fuckwit yes that I'm
reading that because I agree with it
whatever a fuckwit is she is that she is
absolutely then it's alright guys I like
how Jax skipped a puzzle and doesn't
think he should go back I always keep
the puzzle yes they're saying well I
skipped the Sun puzzle life cuz I
thought I don't know okay I get maybe I
do have to do that one maybe that's the
maybe the gate is the game's way of
telling me that I do have to do that one
rich how do you think Marvel Studios
will handle the infinity story I don't
know but I think it will be entirely
completely nine hundred percent
different from the comic book which was
a fan o centric story this is gonna be
another heroes team-up stop something
story it's not gonna be focused on
Thanos as the main character hmm that's
my my one prediction that's possible
none of us knows instead of watching you
play this game I'm just listening to you
talk while I play faster than light is
this okay with you yes yes yes it's fine
I need to figure out the Sun puzzle
first now recruit form of recruit more
pimps for you as one now a donation but
I think he had a to download earlier I
just read the one dog if you're gonna if
you're gonna be issuing the rules well
you go ahead technically he donated
three all said and done he or she as
long as you are okay keeping track of
that I won't always just I happen to
notice at this time so they get lucky
okay this is just brought space cop no I
got a buy a blu-ray player any chance
the other rlm DVDs will be any chance
the other RL I'm DVDs will be released
on blu-ray
awesome rich I'm going to name your coke
and milk concoction a David Bowie look
it up
look up as far as the other things being
released on blu-ray all I can all I can
say has no current plans pneumonitis
says tapped into the god force so I can
return from the land of Halle numb to
preach the gospel of coke milk to the
unwashed masses prompt
name something fantastical you wish
could exist in reality the afterlife
look I'm not gonna lie there's something
inherently depressing about being an
atheist ya blippi and free turi
yeah it's kind of a shitty idea but what
can you do oh I see it now look what you
have to do here don't look in the
reflection that's neat
that isn't the way in which you have to
solve the puzzles is very neat beyond
that I think portals would be awesome
I'd love some portals I would love to
instantaneously be able to go where I
want to go and or bring things to where
I want to bring them don't like not like
some kind of machine that would make you
immortal you just go with portals well
let's probably get old quick use it a
few times instead of you know one or two
spots like near the grocery store like
getting food really convenient you
wouldn't go for like like the the
replicator or something like that be
cool too but portals is not just about
you know getting things it's us about
getting you places okay blow trichter
says I'm back from the bar
I tried picking people up by talking
about heat death but it didn't work
anyway
I just bought blood-borne so it's cool
what's your guy's impression of the
story
I have no impression of the story the
blood-borne ste yeah yeah it's a tough
well whatever is a fun game
yeah I guess I don't really I don't
really think much about the story X
comics twitch says a good atheist is
concerned with life if not death for one
the only thing that any atheist should
have in common is the fact that they
don't believe in a God I don't I don't
think this is an atheistic standard
there's no way that is this whole should
live by there's no code it's just a
disbelief but as far as being concerned
about living a life
sure but I'm greedy and I would like to
have more of it yeah I'm probably only
gonna get 55 years I can probably expect
that a heart attack by then possibly I
had an exercise oh yeah sure I could do
that you could but then you only get
what tops another maybe 20 or 30 25
years inside it with proper diet and
exercise you get a good 20 this decent
decent I want more and really with
modern science you could probably go for
another 40 maybe 50 large Belmont says I
do not fear death I had been dead for
billions of years before I was born and
had not suffered the slightest
inconvenience from it Mark Twain also
Katy Perry believes in ancient aliens
how that quote was from Mark Twain and
also Katy Perry believes in ancient
aliens that's fine you know you know
here's here's the thing here's the thing
about any of them is like they are free
to believe and say anything they want
mm-hmm absolutely anything if b.o.b
wants to affirm that the earth is flat
that is his right to do so just like it
is my right to make fun of him for it
Katy Perry wants to believe an ancient
alien she
right ahem the the problem is when this
kind of nonsense enters say the
political spectrum or the education
spectrum a rapper a musician they want
to spout all the crazy they want go you
go right ahead you make all sorts of
weird stuff cuz you entertain me people
expect that right what crazy thing they
gonna do now exactly they're nuts
nothing nuts don't you get it the cookie
but uh we need to be concerned once it
starts entering rainy jay says my
friends place was robbed the other day
no they took the ps4 but before they did
they ejected blood-borne and left it on
the counter
listen politely use maybe they already
had blood-borne if maybe there really
maybe they're just really dump thieves
look this wasn't mad I'm gonna head that
bad that's it are you sure you or your
roommates didn't eject it first because
that sounds like almost a mistake you
know like why why wouldn't they you
wouldn't eject you wouldn't eject the
game before stealing a ps4 just don't
plug it and take it
Jesus jesus crist
or Christ I guess it's you know why yeah
Jesus Christ says diet and exercise diet
and exercise prolongs the nice useful
years of life modern medicine extends
the creping in your pants stage you get
try to you try to get a mixture of both
I know these things
and I have definitely been trying to do
the exercise part that that's why I've
lost some weight winters not helping
yeah I know the diets when I got a
tackle next yeah I am I know myself well
enough to know that cold turkey probably
won't work I have to find some way to
ease myself into it because I I know I
eat nothing but crap and I know that
needs to change no better no better day
to start than today rich it's always a
good day to start
can I at least wait until the weather's
nice why cuz because if you do that then
there's always gonna be an excuse oh
well you know now the weather's nice and
I'm getting exercised so I can eat like
crap again no not you know like there's
always an excuse you know well there was
my sister's birthday I can't do it today
oh well you know next week so my
brother's birthday I always an excuse is
it too late to start am I already fucked
that was my health absolutely not
absolutely not all all scientific
research says that the moment you start
you start feeling better cuz my back is
already turned to shit exactly we know
this but you know what to start taking
some of that weight off your muscles
some of that weight off just tell me all
the things you already know I'm saying
it cause it's real rich rich become a
vegan probably never gonna happen
no don't be coming III understand that
I'm not gonna be able to give up my
vices completely yeah I'm gonna probably
end up on jacks crazy diet where he gets
to eat crap one day a week that's the
way to do it it's probably what I'm
gonna have to do it's the way to do it
man it's great because I can't give up
my vices either by the way
mmm so instead of giving them up you
control them instead of eating crap all
the time you say okay crap I'm gonna eat
you but I choose when I eat you one day
a week what am I missing here
rich needs to start by standing up every
hour in solidarity with Jack
uh-huh-huh-huh
it helps these are all the little things
that help you want to lose some weight
rich start smoking that's terrible
advice rich what are your vices cheese
she's glorious cheese how does it
commercially oh hey feta cheese
counseling you know one of those things
Jay Lori's cheese no I guess I had never
heard this one before
I'm not in the pocket a big cheese rich
cheese on I'm just some kind of fried
potato it's just it's just a light it's
just so delightful yeah yeah that's for
real
it's a horrible food is my advice or a
food that is horrible for me sure
because you're from Wisconsin I'm not
from Wisconsin I'm from Chicago go bears
fuck you Packers
I'm missing something important rich
what am I missing
what is your favorite cheese everyone's
gonna boo me but you're gonna get
merican but it's gotta be good quality
American not that Kraft shit you have to
find a nice deli that has some proper
American cheese then after that Munster
lunch there's a fantastic cheese cheese
glory I don't care much for cheddar you
know I guess I could see that kind of
played out yeah yeah Steve Darwin Kevin
Matthews I just caught a glimpse of that
they are they are they working together
on the same show now are they I feel
like are they like a pair of these days
oh by the - from the Chicagoland area of
two radio personalities been on the air
for multiple many multiple decades know
each of them unless they're just
bringing up the names and they're not
together just because I'd recognize them
because I'm from the Chicago area oh
that makes sense that could be it too
Oh
which what do you think of Portillo's
expanding Portillo's is overrated in the
first place yeah fuck yeah it is or if
someone on Twitter was asking about your
hat the hat you wore in the Helldivers
episode is that this hint no it has like
a it has like a red on it
let me read e first things first before
I answer that it's fantastic but I can't
keep up with it it's great Anonymous's
speaking of eating crap yeah where did
Jack water jacket kangaroo mate and just
so you know I need the $2,000 all in one
lump donation I ate a lot of weird stuff
when I went to Africa now for the soccer
thing the World Cup of the World Cup
things that many restaurants serving
weird food g1g Vitus all right says what
are your thoughts on the x-files reboot
I have no thoughts on I haven't even
seen it I don't care I'm sorry I don't
care about it I hope it's good
I enjoy our fans you know what I
remember enjoying the show but I did
watch the show as an adult recently and
it does not hold up well no I've seen
I've never watched it religiously but
I've seen the occasional x-files episode
that I thought was really good
there's no it was never a part of that
examine flatlines was some weird
you-know-what off filler episode I
usually thought they were good so this
so I think with this chick is here rich
is I need to read the rest of these
donations because got a fuck ton hour
Miller says my girlfriend thinks my
girlfriend thinks is the most
infuriating sound in the world
so I'm playing this really loudly please
say oh my god if your vocal cords can
handle it
oh my god that's great
the Zaius says rich do you think vision
will literally become Adam warlock and
the Marvel films the actor would work in
divisions background and the film's can
easily go in that direction who's Adam
warlock he's one of the Marvel character
from the infinity war okay
I know the whole Adam warlock thing is
just so strange to me I honestly have no
idea what the fuck they're going to do
it's a little bit weird to introduce the
vision and then so so quickly turn him
so quickly turn him into Adam warlock
and he wasn't ready I don't remember
what Adam warlocks origin was I don't
think he had anything to do with the
vision originally though they might just
they might just put the vision in Adam
warlocks spot his role in the infinity
war they might have that what was that a
Morlocks role in it was kind of
fantasies rival it was like the hero
basically of those stories manipulating
manipulating things so that good
wouldn't come out on top okay just the
sky you know PSA's spend this and
vegetables rich and make Jack teach you
how to cook them so they taste good fair
enough
anonymous is does the rlm crew have day
jobs are you guys just all full-time
superstars now where that question gets
asked surprisingly often you full-time
z-list celebrities which is why these
donations are important rich and Jay and
Mike are full-time z-list celebrities I
have a day job yeah my day job it's also
editing I was gonna say my day job is
making videos by I know like it's not
like you work in the meatpacking factory
no no my my day job is editing videos
mostly boring corporate videos comedy
videos web videos all sorts of stuff but
so I do I work regularly caesarian firt
says if you guys ever heard of a game
called planet base it's a slow placed
paced game about constructing and
maintaining a space car
I have not heard it sorry
Dec from some no - mage says would you
play a Unity game made by the champ
where some contraption like a wheel
tells you what food from grapes to eat
all done live on stream grapes are
healthy PS lol fuck my cock I don't know
I'm about the healthy eating livestream
game you think this is boring also you
just be watching this eat this is a
grape
yes you're just watching this eats
that's weird and eaten is great mmm okay
have now eating a grape I need to figure
out how to see the sun's reflection in
this and I can't this is my problem
right this is exactly my problem I have
a very strange problem no wait I might
have figured of that which what part of
Chicago are you from the deep south
suburbs deep south suburbs could it be
I didn't think watching you eat would be
more entertaining than watching you play
this game for for Alzheimer's patients I
miss part of that
oh the Red Hat with a TV thank you for
reminding me yeah
as you know oh you probably know if
you've been watching these streams for a
while I I have been a Red Hat with me
playing this once this one short gutter
star says it's my birthday happy
birthday got her stars happy birthday
got her stars okay right now I am a fan
of minor-league baseball this this hat
right here with the the WC logo on it
was from the Windy City Thunderbolts who
used to literally they played five
minutes from where I used to live with
that Karen in the Chicagoland area and
because it was so close and so cheap we
went to games all the time you get you
get like front-row seats for like seven
bucks five bucks and we came we came
real fans and we went to some like
nearby away games like Rockford uh-huh
and then we went to some away games that
were further out and whatever I went to
a different park I would buy one of
their hats and the Red Hat with an e is
from the Evansville at Evansville
yeah Evansville was from the Evansville
otters the Evansville and which is a
it's a city in southern Illinois and
their claim to fame is historic bossy
field which really is beautiful I think
it's other
other than Wrigley Field it is the
oldest ballpark in America okay maybe
maybe I don't know how old Boston is so
they sold an old one it's one of the two
or three oldest ballparks in America and
Bosse field made entirely out of wood
okay so relatively few seats but there's
fucking like wooden beams and supports
everywhere because it's not like this
9-iron or polymorphic material as
instructions a beautiful old field and
basically the the field is more famous
than the team like he get there say the
sign says welcome to buzzy field and
look small front home with the
Evansville honors because many different
teams have played there famously they
filmed part of a league of their own
there oh okay I you know what and I'm
glad you answered that question someone
tweeted that question at us I was just I
was just tweeting them back while I am
well i this puzzle right here he's just
kicking my ass
yes Rockford Illinois was home to the
real life peaches but I don't think I
had her old timey ballpark the family
from the movie where at the time I went
there Rockford was home to the Rockford
River Hawks what MLB parks have I been -
I've been - I've been to Wrigley I've
been to old Comiskey I've been to US
Cellular when they built that and I've
been to the Brewers Miller Miller Park
did you ever have you ever been to
County Stadium when I was back when I
was County Stadium
yeah Miller Park is a nice County
Stadium was interesting your corn
belters Hat from Normal Illinois you
know the the Corn Belt errs from Normal
Illinois hat I wear is in fact from
Normal Illinois yes I went to one of
their games to minor league parks I've
been to all the ones that were near
maybe Schaumburg flyers the Joliet
jackhammers later the Joliet Slammers
famously there's a prison in Joliet oh I
like I like the jackhammer logo and
color scheme better though
what can you do apparently what can you
do I've been to the Geary rail Katz Gary
Indiana
or was they had the Kalamazoo Kings have
been there the Normal Illinois Corn Belt
errs have been there been to the
southern Illinois minors Evansville
otters and the Gateway Grizzlies those
are all the minor league teams I've seen
a game ad okay
who okay
this puzzle was kicking my ass for way
too long I got so caught up I'm where to
see the reflection that I lost myself a
little bit what sorry everyone but I'm
back the real van says with space comp
released in the wild what's the next big
project for red letter media PS it's vey
on no sang viang earlier it's probably
why would I say V on way too early to
call what the next big project will be
unknown is the answer
t cars I'll for says got my copy of
space cop in the mail this week just
wanted to thank you guys for putting so
just wanted to thank you guys putting so
much work into making an awesome movie
keep up the great work
praise Breen I'm very excited that
people are finally seeing it you know
it's there's more there's more now you
can you can finally see it you can
finally order it again I want more
people to see it I'm really excited for
more people to see it it's such a fun
movie the Zaius is speaking of league of
their own can you list all the movies
with scenes featuring Tom Hanks taking a
leak and I can think of four off the top
of my head why aren't we enough it's not
something I keep track of when I watched
Tom Hanks movies sure I couldn't tell
you that's why not rich does he do it in
big look how big my penis is now I was
peeing and waving her eyes that a thing
that happens in that movie maybe maybe
not in like Apollo 13 does he like Betty
pees his own suit because that
had to do that right so he might be
might be peeing at some point on camera
while I was like talking to Houston for
all we know yeah there might be you
might be peeing in his pants
anonymous says steam tips were a mistake
speak for yourself
I'm sleeping in a bed denied real bed
real bed sheets and everything sleep in
a bed tonight if rich doesn't earn
enough we take away his bed
that's a little-known facts about red
letter media is we take away Rich's bed
if he does not earn enough rich did you
package up all those space cap DVDs know
taking your bed away are you excited for
season 6 of The Venture Brothers this
Sunday I didn't know it was this Sunday
but yeah I'm excited for more Venture
Brothers it's problem sure it's gonna be
another like 4 episode long season to
last season was is disappointing just
cuz it was like there's only like eight
episodes or something oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm almost more comfortable with stuff
shorter because that you know maybe that
means that they're putting more into it
well they they usually the Venture
Brothers have really good season finales
really good and last season you just
felt like it just ended midseason the
season finale was like well oh really
that was the last episode and that was a
real letdown I think the special they
said they well they ended up releasing
geez I'd say recently but I think was
probably a year ago now between the
seasons was what would have what should
have been this he's a failure and was
planned to but didn't get betas I don't
know but Wow
weird weird
takes less time to complete a law degree
than to wait for a new venture brother
season yes but that's the price of
quality would you rather it would it was
just sure rushed out and churned out
would that be better
they would have been burnt out eight
years ago and we'd be talking about how
horrible the last two seasons season six
adventure brothers will only be seven
eight oh eight episodes to at least I at
least they know it ahead of time
rich is there any kind of British TV
show you enjoy them I never said I hated
British TV shows you just don't see many
of them here British TV yeah yeah Monty
Python Flying Circus it's not like I've
seen a wealth of British TV shows most
of the British TV shows you see here are
American adaptations of British TV shows
like The Office but which I tried
watching the British office and I
couldn't get past the accent it's just
what oh really
yep oh man British office I I mean I
thought the British office was was much
better until like season three or four
of the American office that's when it
really kicked off but like did you ever
see spaced interesting the British
office though but by the time I figured
out what they were saying the time for
laughing at the joke it already got by
oh okay
Red Dwarf saw a few episodes he wasn't
loving it yeah I was a band Red Dwarf
I never got it I never got it like I
gave like the first three quarters of
the first season of the Doctor Who soft
reboot a chance and did that did not do
it for me either crazy it's crazy yeah
it didn't do for you cuz it was so
fucking good dumb I know you're not your
you're not a you're not a fantasy guy oh
you know that is time stand up time to
stand up everybody you know I'll give
you a little bit of solidarity time San
Diego stand up I'm doing it stretch your
legs doing a motherfucker that's right
being healthy alright it's important
it's important let me drink some more
this gigantic soda stretch you know I
tried watching a little bit of the IT
Crowd and it was it was pretty it was
pretty flat for me I didn't I didn't
much care for that the IT Crowd invades
street furniture finances it is for our
stream is automatically set to mature
audiences so if you are not logged into
twitch you uh it will wait shit should
warn you at least hopefully it warns you
Oh
there but where do you start
what's going on and why is this
interesting so remember these puzzles
you have to like see the reflections
right yeah so now I have different
lights to turn on to like give me
different reflections at different times
oh my god
I could be playing XCOM it could be
playing anything you know what I'm I've
been playing through XCOM because you
know what's coming yeah in like a week
you know what's coming yeah I know it's
coming and getting a big face full right
now yeah yeah like that first one face a
face full of X K X come to when as soon
as humanly possible my guess is the day
it's out we don't get we don't get
pre-release shit
the artist rendering of X comma
I know for sure I hear it's early
February it is okay this next week I
thought it was like midnight I was like
14 12 or something you sure I think it's
like the fifth or six okay I'm to the
fourth the fourth of fifth of six I'm
taking your word for it do it take it I
I haven't been gorging myself fund any
info that's come out I'm going to
experience the game for myself and I
don't need I didn't need to get myself
hyped up so I could spend all day
thinking about next time - every day for
like two months until it came out you
know what just sit back and it'll come
when it comes it'll be it'll be good
here yeah it'll get here what - the
fucking deed
oh my god
Anonymous's please for the love of God
or the Flying Spaghetti Monster change
games it's probably not gonna happen
her folks you've heard it here wanted to
play this game like I'm trying to pick
up the slack I'm giving it my all riches
the entertainment right now college try
yeah yeah rich is there any scenario
that you can think of that would ruin X
come for you like Mass Effect did um I
don't know probably not because I mean
mass affects whole thing was it's a
story and it's got a big inning in a
middle and an end and then with massive
age you got the beginning in the middle
and then the end like it literally then
that literally it figure differently
pissed in your mouth is what Mass Effect
did and I can't see
XCOM doing that because the I don't I
don't think the turn-based combat can
can shit in my mouth I said way the
Massa factories story did yeah the story
might not be the most important thing
about about XCOM rich check out rebel
galaxy it's super fun also what kind of
super dumb too so I don't know did you
see when I seen that I Sarah I see the
solution I'm ready yeah to make sure
Jack if the real that was Lloyd beats
that said that by the way shut up level
galaxy it's super fun okay
the real they on says Jack if you like
this game you should really check out
grow home similar art style but it has
platforming instead of puzzling and the
E is pronounced a because it's not
English alright fair enough
but as somebody who grew up only
speaking English you can see how I would
see that and think it was V on and I
apologize I will endeavor to remember
that it's vey on from here on out
they hate me though I got the name wrong
yeah yeah no as that as they should has
a bun 100% confirm like story-wise XCOM
- is it is it like failed
XCOM one like proceeding from a XCOM 1
fail state the story or is it more along
the lines of you want an ex-con 1 but
then the aliens more of them came back
how are they how are they how are they
going with it story wise it's confirmed
it's failed
XCOM 1 alright cuz i don't want to lose
my current playthrough before right
before I step into ex-con - I don't want
to do that that'd be stupid
but I care about the Canon Jack do you I
care about the Canon somewhat you know
I'm I'm weird an obsessive-compulsive
you know I am the I'm mister don't skip
cutscenes even if I've seen them three
dozen times I care about the narrative
they give me goddammit
even next sorry I have to fill my
classic Iron Man run now
is that what I have to do I have to get
my close to the end nice all get close
to the end of it I'm suddenly just stop
failing missions left and right just so
you're just Simon just so I'm in in sync
with the Canon anonymous says please
don't change game this game is
definitely not boring I know I see I
know reverse psychology when I see it
III I'm enjoying it and I'm sorry that
I'm sorry if you don't but sometimes
that's how it works sometimes you like
the game sometimes you don't sometimes
we have a a game centric stream where
you know we play a game and don't talk
too much
this is one where the game is more the
background noise well while rich is
chatting have you I'm disappointed
they're not doing a terror from the deep
storyline now I am I'm relieved
I wouldn't want an ex-con sequel that
takes place like 70% on the ocean floor
the fun stuff is being in city streets
shouldn't aliens and buildings is fun
shooting up aliens surrounded by coral
and and Torah is not that's a real thing
XCOM the original classic X come had an
expansion pack called terror from the
deep which was I never actually played
it honestly but I know a lot of the
missions are just under the ocean sea
floor
I mean I am I am a relative XCOM
newcomer here's how I discover next time
I did not play ex-con back in the day
when it came out oh yeah yeah I didn't
really discover XCOM until there was
talk of like somewhere around 20 2010
2011 that was talking about her a reboot
a 3d reboot that took place in the 50s
the game that I eventually became XCOM
the bureau even though that was entirely
different from the original design and a
lot of people were pissed off because
they were turning X comedy like a
first-person shooter and I felt for
these people whose classic game was
being bastardized and it it made me look
into what the actual classic ex-con was
and I'm like oh this looks really neat
that's how I discovered ex-con I
discovered ex-con I discovered XCOM
specifically because of the shitty
reboot I think they gotta be fuckin
something that was pretty great up what
were they fuckin up oh hey yeah why are
they fucking that up this is great
that's really funny
anonymous says why do I waste my money
on this Wow oh yeah obligated to I hope
maybe that was the joke as he was
wasting yeah just don't let the door hit
you on the way out right
the Zaius says I'd like to give you the
gift of earthbound is there a way I can
gift you Wii U games or should I just
pay via tip Jack I don't know if there's
a way to give to EU games but yes if you
pay via tip and you know in your tips a
this is specifically for earthbound we
will we will by earthbound okay
beautiful sludge boy says I'm you're
watching T and G cuz I haven't seen them
in a while not sure why you think there
aren't any good episodes in season 1
it's pretty even spread between bad and
good it's just that the bad is really
bad alright one of the good sides from
season 1 the really good ones that when
you would list your top favorite
episodes T and G what makes it list for
season 1 it's it's all garbage 2
slightly below average is maybe the best
that season 1 gets
where silence has oh and cutter at
Farpoint q was great but that episode is
terrible that episode is not terrible it
episode is average that episode is like
that's right that's the fetchers
slightly below average I would that's
where silence has lease is that the one
where they find the monster that wants
to kill like half through on the
enterprise is that that one I don't
remember episode names not that
particular favorite of mine
the big goodbye I think that was season
two the battle which one is the battle
is that the first Ferengi episode which
is terrible
Farscape was similar a very rough first
half of season one then it got better
until season four I will agree that
Farscape season one the first half was
rough but I think the first half
Farscape season one had better highs
than T&G; season one some of my some of
my favorite episodes of Farscape are
early in season one the bounty hunter
episode I think is good the flex that's
a decent episode reflects some kind of
space net then then traps air and and
and John Crichton and their little
shuttlepod I can't move anywhere start
the flex flex conspiracy is a great app
I see I hate that episode - all these
episodes your your listing as good
season 1 TNG episodes I don't really
care for that much
keep rich talking Farscape you can see
it hurting jack not trying to sway you
I'm just talking about what I like don't
worry I'm not ruining I'm not wrecking
riches like a season 1 first guys got
some ups and downs then Scorpius shows
up whoo
chef just keeps getting better and
better for a while season Ford started
to feel a bit old
as Farscape the game you both infamously
argued about on stream it's the TV show
we both infamously argued about on
stream yeah cuz I didn't much care for
the first couple of episodes which
thought I was a crazy person that's fine
