Episode 050
Down with the XCOM (Part 1)
March 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvHI_JUs5n0
___________________________________________

confess my utter contempt and
frustration with Windows 10 why don't
you explain this because I've not gotten
Windows 10 it just seems like what am I
needed for well you know I don't need
Windows 10 and I don't want to reinstall
all my old fucking shit again and figure
out how to run some of my really old
shit I'm the new opera fuck it you don't
need it you don't need it and now I
can't get out of you know window the
thing Windows 10 was supposed to do is
get us away from this Windows 8
everything's an app tile now bullshit
because like these are real computers
that Susan like real computers but now I
can't get away from everything's in app
tile like where's just my desktop weird
why why did the keyboard come up what's
happening this is why I use Windows 7
that's why I want to switch to Linux I
would like to switch to Linux fucking
games everything who wants to run on
fucking Windows though yeah this is
perfectly nice free completely free
platform and where there aren't a whole
bunch of like corporate jag-offs I want
to ruin it every few years yeah and it's
completely unsupported so there you go
there you go
so how do I do anything you don't how do
I get to my files I don't I don't I've
never used the Windows 10 before I don't
know what it does
we were we were using this last week
just start touching things oh you know
what you shouldn't have hit streaming
yeah because I haven't gotten the thing
up to change the name of the streeams
what fuck it it doesn't matter nothing
matters everything is everything is
pointless where's the thing
what no I got it look for the thing what
thing the thing that changed the thing I
hope I can hopefully it doesn't matter
now it's too late now what do you mean
it's too late now we can change the name
no because now anyway anyone who got the
email or the notification it already
sent it out I could I could end the
stream and start the stream no that
won't help why won't that help because
we won't get a second email out if you
do it too quick oh I found the file
explorer
I did it I found the file explorer
cheese I shouldn't be that excited about
finding the file explorer bared it yeah
that's what I was looking for cherry
boom give me a baby open up all right
what-whatever things beeping that's what
that was it was a thing that beeped and
you could deal with that very updated I
updated the thing great with the thing
hmm okay and I got I got it up too I now
have chatty up we did it
we've never seen a late game we always
done the early game for ex-cons I'm just
I've been replaying to the game you know
because the new ones coming out yeah so
I'm just just gonna open up one of my
one of my currently running games look
at all my fucking kernel here look at
this this is my robot trooper Jack holy
God fuck I turned a high-level
high-level sniper into a robot trooper
with a super mega particle cannon well
that's not the part of me and I haven't
got that yet this is the the rail gun
and she doesn't move she could shoot
twice a turn and just clearly just
obliterate things you can also you can
check it out different ways like there's
a they could either have a flamethrower
yeah or you can run up and punch things
in the face here's the thing about I
honestly had no idea anything like this
would it was in this game why isn't this
in the marketing material if I knew I
could get this I would play the game
look at how awesome that is there's some
other troopers oh yeah I mean she's very
cool she's wearing robot suit she's I
mean very not as that's not as
impressive as the fucking Robocop over
there
oh no no well these are more like
Robocop that's like ed-209 yeah you
can't what I'm saying is you can't start
with ed-209 you started with the bigoted
like these uh by the way these outfits
are really cool yeah yeah I have them
all with the same color scheme obviously
you can change the color yeah
when facebait you fuck liking to the
blue yeah the very very neat very very
neat Red's not bad I prefer the muted
not black but dark yeah and he's got a
skull helmet on yeah that's a very cool
helmet I love that rich also goes with
only helmets is there another option uh
you can took home Rob just have their
heads be out there but I mean when
you're wearing a robot soon oh you need
that no no you know you don't need it if
I really like a soldier my little
haven't helmet off want to see the face
if it was up to me they would all be
wearing helmets if they had the robot
suit of course you could you could put
them in homeless at any time yeah the
helmets are in the cart the character
creation kind of thing that's how much
I've played with this which is zero what
is wrong with you I didn't know I could
get that listen I pre-purchased it it's
yeah I have it on the on the free
download home
I'll have it ready Dave we won't be able
to play it damn because we're doing
other things I will have it ready they
have a hats oh I know they have hats I
remember we put a we put a fancy hat on
a guy when I was playing once is there
sound oh yeah there is I heard a beep
it's like a nun of gamers are wearing
hats yeah yeah you know we need some
there needs to be some hats
did you hit update now nothing yeah okay
how's this what yeah no I don't like
that you know I know not in the robot
suit that looks rich that looks you
ordered a head I gave you fucking hat oh
yeah that's a cool helmet do you want
the other one yeah look at that one
all right that's a cool that's a badass
helmet right there yeah
have I played pandemic no I have not
played pandemic I've heard a lot a lot
about it which is the one that there's
one this pandemic and there's plague inc
and I forget which one is which but one
just blatantly ripped off the other game
one was it free one was a free browser
game yeah and then the other one they
just like ripped it off like everything
about the game off they added in some
stupid mechanic where you have to click
on bubbles on the screen like it was a
stupid phone app and they charge like
$30 for it I believe pandemic came first
okay is what uh cuz one of them
it makes me seconds my knowledge one of
them makes me absolutely sick yeah I'm
with you play game goes to pay one yeah
fuck play gank al God if I were the
pandemic people I would be so fucking
pissed at them and I would have every
right to be yeah pandemic is a board
game yeah alright scan for activity
laboratory
oh great limiter rich-rich has played
the original XCOM right I prefer this
one he prefers this one but you have
played the original the original has a
more interesting strategic layer it's
more depth 'full but it is a bit more in
general that whole game is a bit more
micromanage II okay so fun still fun and
I love what they did with the tactical
side on this I like this more than the
original XCOM as far as as far as
maneuvering soldiers and cover all that
shit I was like when I come here to look
at I came here to look at something I
don't we're talking about oh I'm at the
memorial one guy one fucking squatty
thin man it's always a fucking thin man
you said what you were what you were
looking for in these replays is you want
a perfect run hey well I'm not gonna do
no I'm not gonna do it now in general
I'm gonna lose Germany because for
whatever reason the panic one up to when
France got whacked with a abduction
mission
yeah should only go one if the sad was
that three sure I mean men after right
next door passing up in that mission of
what up to you suppose it's always
every other country in the contents
supposed to go up one so I got hit by
some kind of fucking glitch oh so I'm
gonna lose Germany because I can't say
that with a satellite because there's
already a satellite there oh okay
so Germany's fucked sorry Jeremy sorry
otherwise otherwise pretty solid run
pending requests when you want plasma
pistols you can't have no I'm not doing
it I'm not doing it if I could do it can
I afford them my items I wish I cost my
7 yep I know you know like the you know
pre versions of the game are out now
it's a reviewers obviously of XCOM 2 we
didn't get one because there's we're
Schmucks Schmucks and that's fine
and no gaming company in their right
mind would give us an early release yeah
and what you know we're just ok with
that
look we're gonna get it on Friday like
everybody else we can't play it on
Friday well you know rich might like
rich might actually wake up early for
the first time in his life to play a
little extra or just stay up really late
Thursday night I want to have I'm gonna
have like a day ahead of myself to enjoy
it though I got two hours that I gotta
rush to the studio oh wow I wanna do
that sure shut up Bradford sure
what did Bradford ever do telling you
what's up I like Bradford he's kind of
an idiot oh ok I'm a scientist advice we
should try capturing what a alien he
like this military man he sees no
strategic value and capturing an enemy
alive we have to get it close range to
capture what he's the caricature
he's a character that's fine and that's
fine
how do we feel that the witness has made
5 million already good for him you know
what I would like it's a scam that's
working hey what did I didn't say that
yeah I said that is a scam that's
working it's three dollars for us for
what's basically a fancy cell phone game
it's a $2.00 app hey he
I think that Jonathan Blow he's an
independent distributor developer he is
able to charge whatever you do what he
wants he's sure it's still disgusting
it's not disgusting he can charge
whatever he wants yes he can and that
doesn't make it less disgusting of
course and people don't have to buy the
game he's not forcing people to buy the
game there are reviews there are Let's
Plays there are live streams of the
witness people have nothing but
information out there yeah let them
charge 60 bucks who cares I don't think
it's a good game I think it's a fine
game it's okay it's puzzles it's logic
puzzles it's a series of logic puzzles
with really pretty backgrounds and if
you like that I bet this is right up
your at your alley
Jack forced rich to buy the game well I
mean we we did we did we spend to some
of our prereq funds to buy the game and
rich is really upset about that
exactly anyone would take five million
dollars but uh so yeah a lot of reviews
gave the witness really high reviews
that people really like logic puzzles I
guess it's very pretty good good for him
that's all we can say okay is good for
him he did well I don't think it's a
good game
I was I was chatting with someone over
the twitters the other day and they were
asking you know like oh my friend he
really likes his game and compared it to
portal how what is what is clever funny
inventive and the other is none of those
things well and I said theoretically
they're they're both they're both
atmospheric short games short
atmospheric games with the same sort of
game mechanic that gets exponentially
different more difficult as the game
goes on one is a work of art without
having its head up its ass that's the
real thing that's the real thing one is
more of a game button that's right Lord
Belmont you did pass back you you paid
us back for the witness we appreciate
that no and would you call the witness
the jar of the video games specifically
rich did I don't know if you dream I I
know I've said it off camera it's the
jar of video games that's exactly what
he said after we were done playing the
game and I agree wholeheartedly
blood-borne is art in a video game
you're absolutely right no there's
there's ton of art and video games
there's a ton of theming
and character design characters hmm
games are full of art and the witness
art doesn't have to have its head up its
ass does the portal portal I would call
a little work of art it's a wonderful
fantastic well made game with great
characters with great characters and it
tells its story without any cutscenes
but stupid people think art means having
your head jammed
four feet up your ass is it truly being
something I don't know what it means but
it means something and it's so important
I think you were the one that I was
telling me that later on in the witness
you find little like audio files wasn't
me telling you this oh oh someone was
telling me that later on in the witness
you discover audio files and it's like
scientists and philosophers talking to
you about how wonderful the world is and
how your mind can reach the fathers to
imagine its space and the rich said he
updated the stream I will update the
stream if he did not I know I did I hit
update your hit update I hit the mother
said update did you refresh him no hold
on I just said fuck fuck witness fuck
witness me I'm playing exhale it's not
called witness me it's just called
witness I didn't I guess I didn't pay
enough attention when I was just
entitled so you didn't you didn't fix it
again I know I did I hit the button
setup they god damn it a crazy lousy
technology according to me it still says
witness me well change it bother you so
fucking much change it asshole I swear I
might be lost without my nice mouse
that's got all the customized buttons
whoa settle down rich have you been
losing weight now that you don't need to
film space cop anymore I was a little
bit worried about losing weight during
space cop hmm because it would have been
a continuity nightmare but I really that
was just an excuse at the time like I
can't doing my space cat I can't
I'm never trying to be healthier I know
I need to do better with my diet but
I've been doing a lot better when it
comes to exercise so that's this
positive momentum good nice alright I
just hit update to the streams how I
should have over last just a sniper I
want
have you seen seeking say on my special
Mouse yeah I've got my overwatch button
on the mouse do you do now I'm gonna do
fucking manually every fucking one her
it's bullshit
this is fucking bullshit which which
ending did I like better than one with
the GoPro strapped to the head or where
Jonathan Blow talks poems in your ear oh
they're both full of shit both are full
of shit and also by the way you can see
on his head it's not a GoPro he has like
a full-on DSLR strapped to his head you
can see a lens that he has a nice camera
could you sit in a mirror at some point
so you could see him in the shadow it
looked like he had a very nice camera
strapped to his head I said he
pretentious and he also did a horrible
job is what we're saying
well no no fuck him I hadn't played
braid is braid also completely utterly
full of horse shit kind of it's it's
more it's actually kind of the same
thing where you know in braids you use
time manipulation to solve platforming
puzzles and then those get more
difficult but it's all the same kind of
time manipulation thing right okay and
then in between the game you read
storybook pages and it tells you about
the princess that got away and is the
princess yo why you spoiled the ending
cos I didn't give a shit about the game
I heard about it I know what the twist
is this amusing it's fine it's all fine
meh you know maybe it came off as less
pretentious because no one was
whispering poems in your ear but I
remember you know what there was a lot
of the same talk when braids came out to
about how much money it cost to make how
much money he made from it is you know
his pretension level then but it's like
a he's making games let him make games
just let the man make games the $40
she's clearly cashing in off of braids
but that's what it is he can do it it's
legal its toll it's still disgust
it's absolutely disgusting I don't think
it's as disgusting as you think it is I
think it's very disgusting he's he came
up with a price point and people decide
yes and they're banging it and he can do
that it's a free fucking country sure
right it's still making me sick because
it's a it's a grab he knows that game's
not worth 40 bucks
he isn't I'm gonna assume he's not a
complete fucking idiot he's he's in he's
a wee bit egotistical doing anything of
course of course he thinks it's worth
that much is it either I think I think
maze I think you're going I think you're
going like I by the way and either he's
smart and cynically charging people
money for this product $40 for the
product or he's stupid and he thinks
he's brilliant
because I think anyone with half a brain
would would know that that's not ours
that's just bullshit pretending to be
art and raindrop hitting a leaf no I
think that's somebody who's either
stupid and full of himself
yeah or cynical and trying to rip people
off and I think he's I think he's smart
and full of himself if that counts for
anything
I bet but smart person would know that's
not real art a smart person couldn't be
that dumb you can be that egotistical I
believe I'm gonna be that dumb yes I
don't think you have to be that dumb to
be that egotistical and yeah that's he
thinks it's worth that much I don't mark
a smart person but would have the fact
that they're a fraud would just eat at
them anyone who was desperate to be an
artist but knew they were making crap
wouldn't feel ashame he might he might
I think his ego has surpassed that
all right here's here here's some XCOM
tutorial type tactics okay this is the
proper way to breach your fucking door
okay all right yeah if you got two on
each side
yeah so two on each side and and
somebody are ready to burst in right and
you have all your men in position and
ready to go before you open the door and
you you basically get a free shot
whatever is in there right they're all
in overwatch they're ready for it room
might be empty but this is the the
proper way to bridge doors and XCOM you
don't have somebody standing in front of
the door because when the units go to
shoot if they're on overwatch they
actually have to step into that tile and
if there's like a third person there the
guys in either side won't be able to
shoot so you have one in front of the
door like a tile back okay oh oh yeah I
didn't even notice that okay so whose
breaching but with someone on this side
someone yeah I'm gonna open here cuz
those were my sniper is okay and
hopefully when they flee they'll come
out here towards these guys okay in the
kill zone if there's anybody in here
sure I forget I'll talk about the game a
little bit early you should
what's traditionally with xm2 coming out
you'll need these strats I need these
strats magistrate oh oh look at those
guys
I shot the wrong one there's no one else
shooting at this guy
everyone's I didn't have these people in
overwatch Oh in case they needed to move
after I open that door oh sure
overwatch shots also lose accuracy um
jaqen rich needs to get on game makers
radar totalbiscuit I already played
through and BDX come to get on that jac
and who's radar Gamemakers radar Oh on
the any game maker any game it we are on
some game makers ready to hurt just you
know we're tiny rich and Jack with tiny
hypothetically hypothetically let's say
I hated the do X come yeah and then
because we know we know they they knew
we were playing X combo we had a contact
actually had four exes yeah I kept an
eye shot on Twitter look sick of
arguments say I played it and hated it
yeah and they gave us like a free signed
copy that would just be so awkward and
horrible would be there really wouldn't
it I alway it takes any sort of guilts
yeah yeah whoa gruff Nick military says
good evening gents I know you hate 1
through 10 lists but anyway we could
compare slash rate the pretension fraud
ego and general level of swindle insult
level of the item the tomb and the
witness I don't know that I hate endless
way what's the item again which was the
item that was the I can't remember the
item guys walking down the hallway he's
doing that he did the head shake thing
there was a little like penis alien that
dad talked funny he psychic oh no the
the the one and they floated oh yeah one
oh I forgot
removed the item from my brain Groff
McMillan Terry until you just reminded
me you horrible horrible dignity and not
the tomb the jar the tomb was the was
the one that was action schlock so if we
take the item the jar and the witness I
want to say that the witness and the the
item are very similar in pretension
levels that things that over watch and
this guy's got a perk for that but he
didn't run into range so I got a take a
risky second maneuver here which means I
absolutely have to if I can kill that
thing this term what is that alien
that's a cyber disc well but there's a
cyber disc there are they're nasty
motherfuckers nice fucking Bluff assault
oh fucking love assaults fucking love
them like the jar was was way up its own
ass but I believe the artistic
intentions of the makers of the jar more
than I believe the artistic intentions
of the makers of the item yes the makers
of the item just thought they were cool
they thought they were being cool and
already the item make okay the makers of
the item I think they fall into the
these stupid believe their own shit
category okay I'm gonna make real
because I'm an artist
design man
and the people made the jar I think
they're just stupid
not made without the ego though there's
the ego oh no I don't know you can feel
the ego like oozing out of the item
though you can feel that oh you can feel
that they he thinks he's hot shit well
that's why I compared to the witness I
feel the same way when I played the
witness is just you can feel like his
own jism coming up through the
floorboards oh that wasn't even on
purpose
moon front says you might want to take
this with a grain of salt but blow has
said that they haven't even broken even
on their production costs and they've
made five million dollars whatever it's
still pretentious piece of shit and and
it's a pretentious piece of shit that
apparently he did not budget well for
there's there's a whole other business
side to this so I know nothing it's fine
like I like I said I don't even want to
talk that badly about the game I think
it's on the wrong platform and I think
it's too expensive and that's my biggest
criticisms with it I'll talk badly about
it I like logic puzzles and I think
they're fun they just don't you know
they just don't need to be they don't
need to be forty bucks
like what was I just playing I saw
recently someone came out with a free
demo of a fun game let me see let me see
if I can find the name of it and I kept
thinking I kept thinking about the
witness while I was playing this game
warlocks tower warlocks tower if you go
check it out
real simple logic game where you have
tiles and you have numbers on those
tiles and you have hearts and your
hearts are how many movement points you
get and so you have to figure out how to
make your way
settle down store cash your wife you
have to figure out how to make your way
to the exit with the with the movement
points you have and you know like oh you
know I can go one two and here's three
more movement points one two here's five
more movement points and so on and so
forth it was a really neat little logic
puzzle game right yeah gave you a free
demo it looks like it's gonna be
mobile-friendly probably a couple bucks
the graphics weren't the greatest but
hey it looked like a fun little game and
like this these were this was an
appropriate place for a game of this
caliber um store cashier wife says just
watched space cop oh my god are you
ready for how terrible was it I'm ready
for the review yeah literally the
funniest movie I have ever seen I don't
believe that I'm glad you enjoyed it but
I don't believe that have you seen what
had American summer a little bit better
but thank you for watching a good job
say store kids thank you thank you for
enjoying the movie I'm glad you enjoyed
it I really enjoyed this base cabin I'm
so biased not just because you know like
I'm in in and I'm part of it but also
like I just know you guys and I think
you you're a guy you guys are funny you
know I think that's my biggest problem
Jay was mesmerized by the item why
didn't your close-combat perk go off you
fucker
yeah I still
we still have not watched the item with
director commentary that is on the list
of things to do is watch the item with
director commentary
oh thanks Tigers here yeah my my my
ghosts seen the ghost yeah okay things
get cut that's how that happens meatball
meatball says suggestion while rich
plays next time to XCOM to Jack should
Jack should play valkyrie chronicles
then the review you can compare contrast
them like I'd like to witness that so
I'll just be playing a completely
separate game while rich plays XM to it
listen I'm not gonna lie during some of
the streams because rich is only gonna
want to stream X come to you know like
riff to the necrodancer just came out on
the Vita I might be playing that there
we go how divers just came out on the
Vita well it didn't just came out but
it's the free game for PS Plus members
this month I've been playing it actually
I'm on the beat of Helldivers smooth
what just cuz fun yeah do it are you
gonna punch him yeah oh no he's gonna
put oh no that's great and mega pose
great that's great so help drivers
here's my psychic the mind Frey takes
off five health I don't know if it says
it there but it's what it does okay and
it also reduces their will aim and
mobility huh which he again he got hit
with a rocket so she's gonna fucking
kill him yeah and it's guaranteed to hit
because these mutants have low will
scores it's the way they pretty nice I
like abilities yeah that's great
right my guy talking about ain't talking
about nuttin
I hope they explained why Jax scene got
cut I think it would I think it wasn't
the strongest joke in that scene
the well I guess I shouldn't say
anything the ghost yeah yeah
for anyone who's seen it I can only
assume you've also seen the deleted
scenes I think it's not the strongest
joke in that scene and you got a cut
somewhere it's actually a recycled joke
is it it's recycled from oranges Revenge
of the eggplant oh I have I you know
what I have asked the oranges I know
nobody has because it's awful haha well
then there you go
Jack where's your beer I have to drive
home and I have to drive rich home yeah
it would be incredibly irresponsible of
me to drink and then drive someone else
home let alone drive myself home but no
I usually don't drink when we're here at
the studio sometimes if it's like if
it's just me going home I'll have one
there's a party going on here if there's
a party going on here then I'll have one
especially like if it's during the
summer and I can ride my bike because
then I'll just be drinking all that love
that all day and all night
it seemed like it might be a little out
of place the meta no it's it's a fine
like it's a fine joke but it wasn't the
strongest joke in that scene and you got
a you know space cop needed to be in 90
minutes it it couldn't have been a long
movie so let rich Drive home I have a
policy never to touch anything I can't
afford to replace though I do want to I
do want to play that Firewatch game that
looks fun
I don't know if it's much comparison to
the witness I think Firewatch is more of
like a almost like a 3d adventure game
from what I've heard of Firewatch I
don't think it has many puzzles in it so
I don't think we could compare it to the
witness
I know visually it kind of looks the
same a lot of bright colors oh yeah
Marimar that was good too the deleted
scenes for the space cop there's there's
a lot there was a lot of there's a lot
of me fucking around and a lot of that
got caught which is the appropriate
thing
it could be fire watch could be a
walking simulator type story similar to
that of soma but it you know at least
it's bright colorful we'll see I am I am
planning on playing fire watch just
because it looks fun I have insurance
but I don't know if rich crashing my car
insurance would cover yeah and it's fine
you know we don't we don't need to drink
to have a good time we did drinking
their beer is nothing but empty calories
beer oh no what is that as bad Oh what
happened you were not expecting those
guys yeah no no no and I got people out
of cover so usually when I'm watching my
diet I lay off booze entirely which
really helps and then Saturday I get
crunk double-fist get crunk dude dude
dude dupa dupa do I should play Rainbow
six why that's why hey prereq
specifically Jack you should play
Rainbow six I bet you'd love it I demand
the know why I'm I'm with rich I might
like it I I don't know maybe yeah I'm
gonna have some always here yeah yeah
pretty much unavoidable beer doesn't
even get you drunk that you have to have
the good beer have the IPAs with the
high alcohol account
I don't drink anything under 9% anymore
rich would love counter-strike I don't
know if they know rich does not like
multiplayer online only games as a
general rule of thumb I'm pretty sure he
wouldn't like it how much do we think
Batman vs Superman will suck 85% oh you
know what I was gonna go 75 I'll become
a 75 to 85 75 to 85 percent suckage beer
is nothing but delicious calories that
is true that is true about beer I love
beer which is why I can't drink it all
the time because I love it it's
something I can do but so many better
things if you can ever get it there's a
couple there's a couple of beers local
brewery from MKE brewing one is called
one it's called hop monster that's one
of my favorites
hop monster great IPA comes in a tallboy
delicious Oh Mike who's oh my god hold
on Amos Corsair would like to say I just
wanted to say I love to space cop
seriously if I could fuck this blu-ray I
would on a completely unrelated topic
are there more space cop blu-rays
available I kind of broke mine great I
do believe that they're all the blu rays
are back in stock Oh cracker main
recommend sorry I think I missed you uh
cracker man says finally got my copy of
space cop and I just loved it my
favorite scene is actually a deleted
scene the one with the roll and butter
yes I I - I'm upset that that turned
into a deleted scene
how much of the movies dialogue was
improvised hard to see right I'm not
sure I know I know there was a ton of
rewrites the final space Scott product
is it was nowhere near the original
space cop product and I believe there
were they were rewriting stuff like day
of shoots but I don't know if that
counts as improv the roll and butter
scene had I seen that I would have
probably suggested they keep that in
because that's hilarious
I just googled IPA and none of the
acronyms had anything to do with alcohol
yeah thank you den bub India Pale Ale is
what an IPA is it's usually a very hoppy
just sometimes bitter beer you can find
certain ones that straight-up just taste
like gasoline and those are the best
ones cuz that usually means their
alcohol content is very high
this is XCOM one this is not XCOM - as
that does not come out until Friday rich
is warming up yeah stretching out those
XCOM muscles Jack how do you feel about
barrel aged Imperial stones I'm okay
with them I I have a problem with
heavier beers I love heavy beers like
dark stout e beers I love the only
problem is they're very filling and so
usually when I'm binge drinking on
Saturday I can't have as many of them as
I could say a lighter IPA so my only
problem is I just can't drink as many of
them I didn't tell you to drink gasoline
I told you that you know some beer
tastes like gasoline and that's the good
stuff we told you to drink cyanide
I mean we're tell I'm telling you to
drink beer which is poison
can I name all of the sections in the
city characters yes you can
okay Kari wait wait there's there's Kari
there's slutty slutty young young and
naive chased chased Hey we should just
old old old not a slutty old and not a
slutty with an honest living and then
middle-aged and slutty which one's Kari
I don't know carries the main one that's
all I know is Carrie there's Carrie
they're super slutty there's young and
not so slutty and those old and kind of
slutty that's the city what's the
appropriate amount of slutty it's I
think Carrie was the like the middle
ground of slutty well like for me the
appropriate amount of slutty is the very
slutty one yeah yeah all with all the
slutty because that's Kim Cattrall you
know let her go let her do what she do
you know I'm saying very attractive
woman Kim Cattrall yeah yes very
attractive woman
but I say I think you know in real terms
Carrie was the was the middle of slutty
ground
okay Oh Sam it was Samantha Kim Cattrall
could be what's my favorite gin hmm I
don't know if I have a favorite gin I'm
very sorry by the way there's nothing
wrong base like there's just it's a word
and there's nothing wrong with it I
don't I don't even mean that as an
insult no no it's not as a describe as a
descriptive word who would consider it
an insult someone who's not getting
those people out there would consider it
an insult
yeah well probably a lot of people jack
you know that you know that yes slut yep
that's wrong slut if I had if I had the
looks I'd be a slut
nobody wants this as
I was never able to be a slut just tried
I tried I put myself out there got a lot
of restraining orders a lot of
restraining orders that's fine you know
follow your slutty dreams absolutely
make some kind of an anti slut
you're an anti slut when I was a younger
man oh you know Robbie like 18 younger
sure
fries year I'm there was um we're
getting real here one of my friends is
really into me prereq after dark she was
really into me like very much like I
could have slept with her at any time I
wanted nice nice I never felt that way
about her oh not romantically yeah sweet
person yeah head full of rocks I I don't
think I could have had like the smartest
conversation I could have had there was
like about the last episode of felicity
well one of those CW shows you know or
Dawson's Creek or something I would have
been a miserable relational nice person
but not the same common interest she was
all over me like a couple of times where
let's erase you I just I mean I want to
but I don't feel it would be wrong your
head couldn't couldn't logic your penis
yeah such as I'd like really awkwardly
or nothing happened and try again next
time
bad gamer qurían says rich thank you for
signing my copy of space cop I'll
treasure it I really enjoyed watching my
imaginary friends trying to act but
really I enjoyed it especially the
commentary gamer Hayling I liked it
fisted buy dope smoke says fuck yeah
fuck that cyber disks fucking shit space
cop foam
hmm-what cassini I I have not I know I
know that has been discovered by some
people the the Easter egg that I put in
I don't even think they know about it
yet I haven't told no shit I didn't
position him
positions he's out of Rockets anywhere
it does matter so I haven't heard
anything that doesn't mean they don't
know what they probably don't know what
it there's some here's some strat type
stuff yeah
sometimes press a fire with a heavy has
a tendency to blow cover up okay that
alien is taking cover behind an
explosive UFO power source
nice nice if I do a suppression here it
might blow up the power source and kill
the alien nice when just regular
shooting at it won't do it will probably
this sure I'll see if it works
I'm not telling you where I put the
Easter egg or what even the Easter Egg
is did not work all that was good stress
it was a good stretch yeah it has been
found by a couple people I made sure it
was very hidden but also you know not
him hmm
I put in the Easter egg as revenge for
cutting his scenes you know listen I
only got even though I appear on screen
more than any one else in space cop I
only got one credit and I'm gonna have
to be okay with that
there's 800 Easter eggs and space got
probably half fucking ooh these guys are
showing up now I'm not nitro Inferno I'm
not telling you I'm not telling you
where I put anything has space cop
received any media write-up so far not
that I'm aware of
I haven't I have not seen any reviews or
write-ups or anything I also haven't
been looking there might have been there
might have been it's really I don't
think yeah there are there was a lot of
of a best of the worst references all
over space kappa which is great
something i didn't know he's on the
digital download of space camp you can
watch it in VHS mode I'm a little upset
because I don't know if you can do that
on the blu-ray I never checked I never
checked in video in the abyssal zone why
would you want to because the Space Camp
would be a perfect VHS movie I would
love to see space cop in VHS mode I'm a
VHS is something I'm glad is gone wait
we defeated it don't go back don't don't
go backwards we've we've won
we've won there's something special
about that square on the fuzziness would
you do I move the wrong one I move my
sniper I meant to move my I thought I
was moving my my other heavy that is
fine but I'm gonna fuck his aim up so
he'll be he'll be under control recruit
more pimps for you says if I hold a
screening of space cop in El Paso will
you guys come you know you'd have to pay
for our flights and put us up and out up
and then maybe I'd come I don't know
about these guys
VHS really sucks and so did panic and of
course it did but remember we kind of
like those things
can't wait for tomorrow got XCOM to
preloaded as soon as rich gets home he's
gonna click that preload button to make
sure it downloads the first thing it's
can't be a while before I can play
anyway it is it is gonna be a while are
you close enough I agree with that mr.
Pibbs but mr. pip says the only thing he
didn't like about the commentary is you
guys made the same like I hope people
aren't watching this because we're gonna
spoil it talk during the commentary
track and he hears that a lot on
commentary tracks but I think that's
something that people worry about I
can't imagine anyone would actually like
listen to the contrary I think I have
vocally said during commentary tracks
that anybody who would watch the
commentary before watching the movie is
insane yeah but just in case it happens
you want to warn them to watch the movie
first I guess
all right Len has a copy of space cop
Len Len received his copy of space cop
why is it gonna be a while before I can
play X Compton because work I'm gonna be
working all day the day it comes out
non-video game work yeah and the night
he comes out I want time to enjoy that
some when I got like a fine meal he'll
sky got our leaf scarf down that finally
cook filet mignon before I go to work I
don't do that we did talk I talked to
rich about streaming like the his very
first playing of X come to and he I
think rightfully declined he wants to he
this these are his games well first of
next time - yeah we talked about that a
while ago and you say hey let me just
enjoy the game and I a nice maybe hmm
and I agree no no I agree maybe just the
very early bits yeah no no it's a good
I'm gonna have to stream that getting so
I'm gonna have to stream it what next
time too
oh no we're going to die next time - but
no no let you just enjoy the game for a
little bit I think I'm not yeah I'm not
gonna do like unboxing where I play it
for the very first time on stream right
agreed but I'm not gonna wait till I
beat it
oh right right rias rich wants some
alone time with XCOM - gonna put on some
candles Barry Manilow
but I'm like a Bolton up there man I
don't think I'm gonna go with Michael
Bolton very white very white and we
can't make react to jokes anymore
because fine brothers completely back
down oh well how did that play out let's
let's let's explain the story first you
know and yeah we didn't stream on Sunday
so we couldn't I was so so the fine
brothers famous youtubers and famous for
their noun reacts to active whatever
nonreactive nouns series of videos
attempted to trademark react they
attempted to trademark reaction videos
and they already have trademarks on
react like the concept of a reaction
video for the most part is what they
kind of tried to do yes you know very
weaselly underhanded the fake smile sort
of way here no here's here's what's more
interesting about this so they already
owned trademarks on kids react to yeah
and grandparents reacts to yeah cuz that
was part of their shake you know gamers
react to kids react to grandparents
react to grand theft auto 5 right so
like they already owned trademarks and
they tried to trademark just react as a
genre and they would have gotten away
with it if they hadn't said anything
whether for you meddling kids
oh your dog too it was their own fault
because like they put in the trademark
and then the the public has 30 days to
contest the trademark yeah and so they
put it in and if they had not put out
their react world video if they had not
said anything they probably would have
been never would have held up in court
mmm it never would have held up in court
would have had it for a little bit you
know what else you'd have to say goodbye
to eventually like the The Tonight Show
another Tonight Show The Late Show or
Conan O'Brien more of course the better
I guess I guess the tonight that the
Late Show was gone it's it's it's not
just Stephen Colbert Colbert yeah but in
any case here's what's the most amazing
part is they tried to sell a react video
Partnership Program in react world you
can be part of a react community where
if you give us money we will let you
react make react videos wake up it's
great it's it's the dumbest it was the
dumbest idea pay us a monthly
subscription and we will give you the
resources and tools to make your own
react video the shame the shame of it
all the shame of it all luckily
everybody flipped out and they gave up
all of their trademarks even the kids
react trademark they gave them they gave
them all up they said okay alright weird
yeah we're not gonna we don't want to so
it's all over now
so basically it ended with it's all over
now that I gave up they're still doing
very well on YouTube I'm sure elders
react to space gap yeah it's gonna make
me sick every time I go over here and
look at this it's gonna make me sick why
did they jump up to I don't know which
no it shouldn't happen
oh yeah the react network is no longer
happening oh shit I thank ran out I
bought those pistols for nothing oh well
shit happens that's right they put out
and so after they after they got busted
trying to trademark react they put out
another video which was my favorite
video of those ever we were just like we
are so sorry that you guys didn't
understand
the assholes are gonna be good they're
gonna be assholes the asshole vast
holiest way to apologize I'm so sorry
that you're wrong there's nothing you
can do
yeah it's great it's great
I should level the net up you should you
should definitely I should definitely do
that
biggie smells just donated $2 so we
could say oh my god the finebros suck we
would have said that for free oh my god
the finebros suck the fine brothers suck
like so much
there's completely and utterly full of
shit
huge dick heads of the fine brothers
that's right even the CGP grey I'm going
to trademark the concept of a YouTube
video and then everybody who makes
YouTube video is gonna have to pay me
money but I'm also going to make a
network where people could pay me money
up front so I don't sue them later cg p
gray who normally like stays out of all
drama all the time like this even got
him out to make trademarking
stick-figure videos I love that man that
grey have I seen room or Brooklyn no I
have not seen either I don't know what a
room is I've seen V room I can only
assume you're not talking about the
broom I think no I think there's a
there's a new like RT movie called the
room sounds awful room sounds awful keep
it the fuck away from me motherfucker
fuck marry kill Jonathan Blow Neil brain
space cop well I'm an infamous narcissus
so marry space cop
and if you marry space cop he'll murder
anyone you want so I got a free oh yeah
fuck Neal Breen yeah is the best murder
Jonathan Blow he's the best at fucking
it's probably the best anal sex he's
that you've ever had he can bring he can
bring anyone to orgasm just by thinking
about them Jane got a gun you saw it the
other day and it was rather nice I mean
I like Natalie Portman I believe she's
in that thank you start talking to you
and I completely freaking forget what I
was doing in the game was I doing
you have to get there Hey whoa what I I
don't probably probably won't seen it is
the attack what I I came out her to do
something
oh well Oh Wallace unimportant room
rivals Mad Max and best films of the
year but Mad Max came out last year
somebody in the chat has noticed my head
yeah you could say it's a lot best
fullness come out in last 12 months no
sir
the distinguishing it like that year -
what do you whatever
meaningless distinction sure utterly
meaningless distinction hmm but nothing
that was my hat and it's a corner I've
to start that I've decided I I maybe
I'll start breaking out my minor league
hats yeah people were talking my Windy
City Thunderbolt happened the other day
yeah or though they talk about the
Evansville one you have in Evansville
one yeah they use their use of the Windy
City Thunderbolt yeah someone tweeted I
mean really wanting to know what that
Evans no one was
hi dog boy welcome
