Episode 489
Down with the XCOM (Part 2)
March 28, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBCaAH1Rn5Y
___________________________________________

Jane got a gun you saw it the other day
and it was rather nice I mean I like
Natalie Portman I believe she's in that
thank you start talking to you
and I completely freaking forget what I
was doing in the game was I doing
you have to get there yeah well what I I
don't probably probably won't seen it is
the attack what I I came out her to do
something oh well Oh Wallace unimportant
room rivals Mad Max and best films of
the year but Mad Max came out last year
somebody in the chat has noticed my head
yeah you could say it's a lot best
fullness come out in last 12 months no
sure the distinguishing it by bit year -
what do you whatever
meaningless distinction sure utterly
meaningless distinction mmm
but nothing that was my hat and it's a
corner
I've to start that I've decided I maybe
I'll start breaking out my minor league
hats yeah people were talking my Windy
City Thunderbolt happen the other day
yeah or though they talk about the
Evansville one you have in Evansville
one yeah they use their use of the Windy
City Thunderbolt yeah someone tweeted I
mean really wanting to know what that
Evans no one was hi dog boy welcome
welcome to chat I know where they're
coming from yet I hate exalt Neal Breen
has hidden orgasms in seven major world
cities yogi the Orgazmo bomb here's the
plan
I've planted an orgasm Oh bomb in seven
of the largest banks in the city when it
goes off everyone male female otherwise
we'll be incapacitated with a massive
orgasm I can walk in and take all the
money I want what am i doing with my
life
that was a great bid what what am i
doing that was a great meal Breen bit
you got you got to go with it
rich talk baseball ready to talk
baseball
it smells fun there you go a talk
baseball what do you want me to say
about baseball yeah I mean I mention you
having to mention that I'm a nerd and
that Moneyball is a great fucking book
because it's a book about statistics
baseball statistics riches convincing me
to read Moneyball
it sounds great okay you know that is
stand-up time a stand-up time we've been
sitting for an hour we've been sitting
for an hour rich stand-up yeah you know
what why not do it that make you feel
better it's time to stand up everybody
we were standing up now
oh yeah oh yeah standing that was some
sweet standing action everybody way to
go way to go everybody I'm very glad to
see you did not take over my game and
get everybody killed I didn't have the
time I would have I would have said up
thank you yeah no it's good everybody
can't wait to use my fucking alloy
cannon it's good to stand up start of
the next hour all right
I can't wait to shoot something in the
face of my la cannon I have a recon I
don't know what that means
well you have what we hope wheelchair
shaming obviously chair then other
people have to like get you out of the
chair a movie around or else you'll get
sores and die so you have to stand up
even if you're in a wheelchair
yeah just somebody has to do it for you
embarassingly
much to your much to your shame because
you're in a lousy wheelchair oh that's
that's uh that's inconsistent a the
truth hurts consider truth fucking hurts
cripple bless our drunken cripples
wasting public resources you can't walk
what I can't park because you can't walk
what the fuck are you driving if you
can't walk for you goddamn cripple
that's what I say don't rub
ah and out of out of all the things you
just said vote Trump might have been the
worst bless our drugs says rich sorry if
you've answered this before but what are
your thoughts on the long war mod I've
never felt the need to play it I like
vanilla XCOM just fine I've read about
some of the changes and I don't like the
fact that they there I'm there they
expanded you can use eight people and it
it just looks like they fucking made a
mess out of the skill tree okay so I
never really had a serious interest in
trying long war mod hmm okay this is a
nice focus skill tree you and this would
add me they get a look like this before
branching pass you can possibly take
every class they had it sounds like a
mess this is this is clean and elegant
okay cool
I would like to sign oh they made like
like jets and shooting down UFOs more
complicated I'm interested seeing that
it's just I never played it because I
some of the other changes they made of
second sound good alright oh all right
he's the last one that's why let's see
here rich reads Stardust says by dark
dreams don't die with this play it if
you want it'll take three hours dark
dreams don't die okay I will write that
down
rich reads Stardust and we will put that
money towards dark dreams don't die what
if they do
what if dark dreams that were you to
tell dark dreams what to do yeah I
suppose you're right
you know on rich I'm sorry you're right
I'm absolutely right always you're
absolutely always right all the time one
hundred percent dark dreams don't die
they get even they even okay I got it
thank you rich reads star dust d4 is a
gem oh good we will do it then yeah no
one I've seen I see a couple of you or
maybe it's just one person like tweeting
around that link of just like I don't I
don't know if you've seen like the weird
like Trump loves his daughter so much
stuff yeah Trump not political Trump is
an egomaniac that is something that you
can say without mentioning any politics
I don't I don't I don't think you have
to be left or right to realize the man
should not be in charge of our country
this isn't a right-left thing this is
the the man is he's either some kind of
fraud playing a game which i think is
possible or completely unfit to be the
President of the United States
Republican Democrat whatever I don't
give a fuck
III think he he got in it so he could
sell some books and you know get his
Trump name out there a little bit more
and things got a little carried away and
now he's here but there are many clips
of him talking about his daughter and
how attractive she is he saying these
things and it's weird okay like in a
creepy way it's it's slightly creepy but
he's an egomaniac and so like of course
everything that's his is the best even
his daughter's the hottest that's what
he would think of course cuz he's a
crazy egomaniac
he's Trump's a little out there I really
think he he didn't get in as a joke many
people believe that even if you can make
it to a couple debates you're good for
book deals for life you know which is
true like that's how you make a name for
yourself and so you know he was like
okay I'll get into a couple debates then
I'll go on book tours I'll I get
speaking arrangements maybe I can become
a Fox News commentator you know he was
thinking long term plans and I think it
got a little carried away
I think people got a little I don't know
caught up in his crazy I don't know yeah
are you saying Trump is the Neil
bringing of presidential candidates YES
on all accounts in his head he's the
best he's the best there ever was
my graph
fuck America right I know it's crazy
but did we see Trump's ball sack no and
that's what makes him the lesser of the
Breen's until he's lying face down naked
in a pool he will always be the lesser
of the Breen's Trump bream Donald Neale
Donald Neal Trump bream that sounds like
a chemical concoction I think it is a
chemical concoction
oh no I've spilled the Donald Neal Trump
bream okay it's right here you're really
giving it your all to make them you're
giving it your all and I could
appreciate what I was waiting for a
little something I can appreciate that
like I'm playing XCOM I have nothing to
give that's all right we rich and I
really do stay away from politics which
is why we're it's okay that we talk
about Trump yeah because it's not really
politics this is politician it's a
circus he's a joke he's not a politician
so it's okay we we won't get into actual
serious political talk rich Rick and
Jake 2016 absolutely
am I ever gonna play lovely planet again
I don't know I think I kind of exhausted
that one it's a fun one which one was it
I don't know if you played that one did
I have you play that one though the
really weird platforming first-person
shooter where you have a bow and arrow
that shoots hearts no you need to play
it because it is bizarre as fuck it
sounds dreadful it's bizarre as fuck but
it
I laid it it was a Jack Soloff stream
and I want to say it was like a
late-night Jack solo stream and it it
drove me to madness a little bit it was
great
but
I don't know anything about the Canadian
election system there they got loonies
and toonies I got loonies and toonies
for their money I know some people are
real I just met they have loonies and
toonies like in the country yeah yeah I
know they got a new prime minister and
some people are really happy about them
and some people are not really happy
about it
could you imagine no no no I cannot I'm
incapable of imagining alright the thing
which you have asked me to imagine is
beyond my imagining capacity No well
then go he's a politician and some
people who agree with his policies
really like him and other people who
don't agree with his policies don't like
him my family in Canada and he the Prime
Minister is liberal and they're very
conservative people so they don't like
him right
oh my guess that was that your guy no
anyway anyway within has an organization
called exalts okay and they're working
with the aliens for some kind of
personal gain really nice except these
missions get really boring as you're
fighting just instead of these unique
looking amazing aliens you just fight
these boring guys over and over again
and these missions are just tedious and
slow-paced oh I'm sorry I I think they
just messed that one up it could have
been neat Oh Big E smells sorry I mr.
big E's smelling yourself I like that I
missed your tip sorry about that uh says
Independence Day too will be the Citizen
Kane of alien invasion movies and Trump
will win the 2020 election with Kanye
West as his running pace
this is idiocracy coming to pass there's
a ticket I can believe in I mean we do
get a little closer every day they had a
bit closer every day
Independence Day - yeah I mean I think
I'm in a I'm in I believe I'm gonna
small minority of people who enjoyed
Independence Day I know that was some
fine some fine shelach he did the
concept of giant spaceships coming to
earth better in the 80s in the early 80s
the better characters more interesting
story showed and without a bunch of dumb
explosions if someone's not familiar
with the original V miniseries Oh fuckin
fucking great yeah but like you said it
was it had boring story and no
explosions I hate you who cares about
depth full characters was Will Smith in
it then it doesn't fucking matter
welcome to earth
hmmm I think I I think there's a place
in the world for your v's and your
independence days I'm only interested in
two V's a girl majors in the B side I
know was v's the one he wasn't the one
with like the detectives and one was an
alien and woz was a human what was that
that was alien nation which is also
quality least a TV show I don't remember
the movie very well Alien Nation I
remember I remember scene like I
remember seeing that show original V not
the not the remake no not the remake I
haven't seen the remake I can't speak to
its quality but I heard there was like
kung fu and I'm like oh they don't get
it yeah alienation was awesome I
remember really enjoying alienation I
don't remember anything specific about
it just enjoying it
yeah if he was the one where the aliens
were like Nazi parallels can I came over
and they posed as our as friends the
visitors but secretly they were doing
horrible things doing this it's much
much like modern day America they
vilified science so they can get away
with their own agendas about scientists
proving things wrong finding the truth
MacNab ins I am watching the expanse
basically basically envy the aliens came
and they said you know global warming is
a lie yeah yeah no don't look into
global warming it's definitely alive
this giant laser cannon technology will
never come to pass just stop trying to
build a lot giant laser cannon that's
weird
I really enjoyed the expanse yes aimless
Corsair would like to donate to say I
think this Trump stuff is exciting it's
like a post-apocalyptic action sci-fi
film and we get to live in it oh we are
we get to live through the prologue do
you really want to live as long as we're
out of it before the actual apocalypse
starts we're the pre post apocalypse
right now but the expanse I think it's
very good I've talked about it before
where I think the acting is pretty
subpar and the story are and that the
characters are a little cheesy but the
story is so compelling that I really
really like it there's a there's like a
part military thing there's a little
detective story it's it's a really neat
show the expanse really great story and
my wife Lisa read the book it's based
off of a book and she said the book is
also very good if you are into sci-fi
novels nepal's
the vols why are you saying the halls
why because I'm waiting for someone in
the chat to spark something for me to
talk about
it's gotten a little political in the
chat you know what you're adults you
should be you should be adults it's okay
to talk you should be able to talk
politics without screaming at each other
yeah and and keep a civil tone everybody
Leon yes I'm married she's been on it
well she while ago she did a board game
stream with us it's very easy criticize
credit no no no about the politics thank
you very criticai ideas not people and
then you can avoid mean-spiritedness
that's true criticize the idea not the
man yes it's okay to have disagreement
yes as long as you do it's civilly well
I think you're wrong
here here is some reasons why I think
you're wrong and then you let them speak
a little bit and then you speak a little
bit it's great it's great
somebody shove a rocket up their ass cuz
I don't feel like fucking around with
these dweebs wait jack are you married
do you have two delightful children as
well I you know they're not delightful
all the time but but yes they're saying
that not realizing that you have two
delightful children I do have two
delightful children yes I'm married with
children it's an institution that you
can disparage ask your local gentry and
hotel you I don't get here I'm fuckin up
and I'll tell you that it's Elementary
right right no it's great hi fuck I'm
doing great you're doing great you're
doing great
try try try to separate them it's an
early
you welcome the confident didn't didn't
do this conclusion well fan marriage
love a marriage I think we've we've all
learned that the only thing I could sing
is duck tales is like a hurricane here
in Duckburg it's a duck blur might solve
a mystery or rewrite history ducktales
woo every day they're out there having
duck tales movie tales of derring-do
good and bad Muppet food do you know
that the enemy within expansion is
non-canon an ex-con - I don't give a
shit he doesn't give us apparently the
ending the good ending of XCOM isn't
canon either if you win an ex-con yeah
you know what I have not seen the new
x-files rich ever using the noise don't
fuss I'm I I don't plan on watching the
new x-files I have been disappointed by
the remakes of shows that I really loved
and I don't want to be disappointed
anymore I never I never let myself get
too and I mean I watched the occasional
episode and really enjoyed it
for the x-files but I never let myself
get engrossed into the mythology of the
show yeah because I knew that that shit
was never gonna get resolved No so
there's no point in getting invested in
it there were some fun episodes though
yeah some fun episodes of x-files I I
really enjoyed x-files
I I do I now wanna I want to hold on to
that I want to hold on to my love of
that show which I'm sure is not as good
as I remember so I'm gonna hold on to
that and I don't want this is this is
why in the zone is a great skill
this is the sniper she's just taking the
shots all on her own that's great what
kind of gun is that - look at that scope
yeah it's a it's a plasma rifle that we
reverse engineered from alien technology
nice nice you know everyone says I won't
be disappointed I like looking back on
it I was overall I think I'm
disappointed in Ashe versus the evil
dead no no I owe the part of me that
just wanted another movie yeah
really wishes that it had you know an
ending but they they have to go into
another season I was happy with it I
thought it was great started great yes
it's so it's a great sagged but then the
last two or three episodes great fucking
great it ended strong ended real strong
overall I'm a little disappointed I was
I was very disappointed with the wet hot
show the white hat American summer show
I didn't much care for the Arrested
Development Netflix show so anything you
do like negative you- mini- melee mini I
said mini you're a negative mini and
it's not even that I disliked him I was
just disappointed I don't even know if
that's the same thing or if I can you
know what brand of wax do I use on my
bald head none it's still that shiny who
do hide who do ID it's just you know
like ash versus evil that just it wasn't
it wasn't the same it wasn't it wasn't
one the same and what hot just wasn't as
good all it was was referencing the
movie every joke was just a reference to
the movie where the movie was just jokes
I'm a negative now Nene chickabee
nenè chickabee
remember now this is didn't L nobody I
know your friend took me a second I know
what you're referring you now but I've
never seen it that's a reference no one
the piano no was that movie just called
me I know she was also the piano I'm
getting my Jodie Foster movies crossed
apparently she played the girl who
couldn't talk Nene chicken Bay now
the chat is requesting I hit you and I'm
I'm seriously considered taking them up
on that that was my bad and Helen Helen
Hunt was the piano by the way Oh was it
I think that's what they're saying you
sure that's Auster I don't know whoa I'm
very sorry and you know what thinking
about Nell just made me laugh playing in
a river naked just come I say Nang I
check the back to my house I'm very
sorry everybody
unprofessional hmm I don't know oh
you're right sorry it's Holly Hunter in
the piano Holly Hunter kind of a shorty
foster Oh very sorry okay we're here
we're back now that wasn't all work and
no play moment that that was I don't
know I was just remembering scenes from
now and I found them to be incredibly
amusing in my in my brain whoa what no
rich is playing he's not he's not
listening to any of my nail covers now
which is right
no one should listen to mine I think
they are they glad or mad I'm not
listening they're glad they're happy
okay I just for some reason just Nene
chickabee I remember that
oh shit wait oh no no I'm fine I'm fine
okay good
maybe yeah maybe yeah great you know
what that's great I almost picked the
wrong car to take cover mine sure you
know something I came across the other
day home and I was I'm gonna I'm gonna
tweet it out later I came across a
really fun little game maker
it's called dungeon decorator and it's
this little like two bit game maker
that's all in browser you can make your
own game mm-hmm like it's like a little
platforming game and you know you can
design it you can put keys and locks and
make little puzzles in the game it looks
adorable I've been playing around with
it a little bit and and it finally it
finally came out called dungeon
decorator if you guys want to kill some
time and make a game it looks really fun
that's all I have that's all I have it's
more than I have great that's great all
right
two-bit Ian I want it I want to say it's
like two-bit it has two colors to it it
has like the character color and the
background color that's it looks really
adorable and I was hoping to play around
with it maybe that's something we can
stream we can make a game on stream
it'll be great Timmy I wanna be terribly
it one it would be terrible terrible -
it would be great
No no leftover beefcake one it would be
terrible - it would be terrible would be
great terrible leftover beefcake I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna comment on that but
I got something in the works I got
something right up in the works rich
doesn't even know about it yet I'm gonna
tell him later it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great
what happened to me I want space got
more than the force awakens I guess I
have tased whoa
force awakens it's fine it's fine it's
fine space cop it's good movie why not
both though you don't have to do you
have both no they're not available
I've got three people in psychic testing
hey Jack how do you deal with Donald
Trump type people when you see them
every day there's around 300 of them
where are these people I don't know I
don't know anybody in their room that's
like a trump ID I've had long talks with
very conservative people and they don't
like Trump either but you know I mean
the best way to deal with them is to
turn around and walk away
he's just do you cannot engage with them
you know what else is just kind of weird
who cannot engage with them what like
I'm gonna bring this up I don't I'm not
trying to start a whole religious thing
but there is a weird thing that is kind
of happening in my life and I don't know
how it's happened because I didn't seek
it out right now he's not gonna serve a
religious thing no not really it's just
it's a it's a statistics thing it's it's
a statistics thing that involves your
religion like this country 80% of this
country is like a believer right I think
I I think I think this statistic is 80%
of the country has Christian leanings or
it's like with I think with a cup of
backgrounds with very few exceptions I
think most people I know are
non-believers though yeah that could
just be I it's not like something I
selected for mmm and I give a shit what
my friends believe I really don't yeah
yet nobody I know for the moat with a
few exceptions is it a believer in
anything really no that's fine weird the
country 80% religion where are they I
don't see them well but I think that
like that includes people who were just
baptized but never go to church or you
know like people who do this yeah I
think there's I think there's a lot of
non practicers out there if they're in
your school you
you have to ignore them there's no if
they're in your school that means you're
forced to go to school that means you're
under 18 which means you can't do shit
be quiet keep your head down don't talk
politics with anyone especially if it's
in your own house because if you're
under 18 your parents going to do some
weird stuff to you stay quiet do your
own thing and be civil be civil to them
hopefully they'll be civil to you back
that's all you can hope for civil
everybody be civil
what I've been to the South have you
been to the South the stereotypes are
not grossly exaggerated in certain
places have you ever been to the South
closest I've come the st. Louis okay
should not really okay
I've been to the South some of it is
very weird some of it is not be
excellent to each other that's right mr.
blank that's all you can do is be
excellent to each other hate each other
and be suspicious
everybody's motives so treat everyone
around you the way you would like to be
treated
treat treat everyone around you as if
they're looking for some way to screw
you over because they are they might be
they might be looking to screw you over
but that's okay be excellent to one
another
have you have I seen an indie game the
movie where Jonathan Blow gets really
emo because Soulja Boy doesn't think
braid is deep you know what I Sai have
seen indie game the movie it's been a
long time though I didn't even know
Jonathan Blow was in that I just thought
that was a Edmund and the guy who did Oh
what's the UH
the answer is I don't know wait what's
the other game where did Fez the guy who
did Fez and Edmund I thought they were
the only two in India in the movie it's
been a while since I've seen it so but
you know so goes Soulja Boy so goes the
world that's what they say that's a
saying that they say what the fuck are
you talking about what the fuck I know
hearing words usually words mean things
why didn't work stop meeting things
Soulja Boy's dude do not know who Soulja
Boy is no he was a flash in the pan pop
hip hop hip our pod artists how a hip
harpist a hip hop artist he had he had
one hit that was like big on YouTube and
it's olds relatively well and then after
that and absolutely nothing happened to
him a famous line in in his song was
Superman the whole you got a Superman
that ho
knew who he had like one song everyone
was very curious on what super Manning
the ho was like what sort of sex act
would it be - Superman someone they came
up with a couple interesting conclusions
that's when your your semen shoots her
through the roof of the building you're
in uh-huh
right that could be well you know what
some people theorize that that was you
know kind of like doing a reverse like a
reverse plank on earth so your arms and
legs would be up in the air right some
people said it was ejaculating on her
back and throwing a sheet on it so it's
stick like a cape there was all sorts of
things
what what's super Manning the hole would
be why would you want to do that because
these are all made-up things that don't
really happen cuz it's funny to say my
the only one who respects women you're
the only one am I you're the only one
you're talking about coming out of
woman's back so you can stick a sheet
back there and then watch it watch it
run around and I'm talking about how he
refused to have sex with a woman when I
was 18 because I respected her too much
to use her that's what my conversation
went tonight so are you saying you
didn't Superman the whole I'm doing that
Superman know that what I'm saying to
Superman that is to undress in a phone
booth oh that could be or snapping her
neck at the moment of climax that would
be man of stealing the whole ever said
that I was a good one I know a man of
stealing the hose on you you have sex
after a funeral for somebody who's been
cremated and you you're making out while
you're dumping their ashes on your heads
that's man of stealing the home you have
to violently make love while knocking
down everything in her bedroom that's
great
that is great I did not Superman that ho
it's my best Bill Clinton it's been a
while since I've heard Bill Clinton's
bit yeah
I like that Congrats guys you invented a
new sex act the Man of Steel Mac it all
down
okay
okay this is all great you're right now
this is podracing so what's going on in
your mission here what's happening um I
this is what special mission okay
there's this UFO I have to get over here
and rescue some people who've been
abducted before the execution time love
it he runs out which is that amount of
turns might have turn to scratch I'm
more going to make it it's gonna be it's
gonna be fine this cake this missions
cake okay seems far away 4:11 turns
maybe it's maybe it's because I've done
too good and my equipments too good at
this point in the game from where they
maybe expect people to be I don't know
you have done dead in this game you've
rescued a lot of people you've done very
good thank you thank you I think you've
also done Wow that Ingrid might hit me
again am I supposed to I don't know I
don't feel like it I just don't have I
just don't have the energy for that shit
I just I just don't have the energy to
bother ya why doesn't rich use hotkeys
because because I don't have my special
mouse and my hotkeys are all programmed
to be on my special Mouse we're using
the mouse yeah yeah but I totally have
hotkeys that's right Superman does good
we're doing well that's how you know the
difference thank you 30 rock
rich calls that his special mouse he
does he has I mean he has a gaming mouse
yeah it's got tons of options for
adjusting the sensitivity it's got four
buttons on the side three buttons kind
of on the top left the mouse we have
here it's got two buttons yep
maybe three maybe you can click down in
the scroll wheel but why doesn't rich
bring his nice mouse here hey you didn't
know we're gonna play it I didn't think
- yeah it's fine it's fine I just don't
get my hotkeys and everything the world
will go on you can still do everything
in the game without his hat keys why has
no one built a moon base
mostly because getting there and back is
not financially feasible at the moment
it would cost a lot not only to build it
would be insanely inspect expensive but
then you have to keep it stocked yeah
and what are you doing there what's the
purpose are we mining for moon rocks
that there's so far there's no resource
on the moon that's the problem with
space exploration that we need to solve
because we can't be stuck on this rock
forever right we have a time limit it's
a few billion year time limit really
yeah they see can you guys can you guys
not hear game sound it's fine it's fine
okay great the Sun going Nova is one
thing but I think I've actually heard
them there's gonna be an issue with like
the oxygen and like 500 million years oh
okay cuz our breathing's gonna outpace
like the plants making oxygen and I
heard I've heard I don't know if it's
true that is going to be a thing in 500
million years okay well there you go so
we have to find a way off this rock
before 500 million years have gone by
and the best way to do that is to find
something very very valuable that's just
out of reach asteroids asteroids maybe
well the asteroids are supposed to be
insanely expensive I mean that expensive
lucrative yeah lots of valuable minerals
that are relatively easy to get at
what's that European space a
Chansey doing on that asteroid yeah what
are they are they poking around they're
looking for precious metals tell us what
you got tell us what you got
yes say yes you I don't know what it's
called I got that uh is that guy still
up
there's helium-3 that you can mined on
the moon and that's valuable Oh helium-3
is super plentiful on the moon and makes
a great energy source of em all right
now we're talking
now we're talking isn't Jupiter
basically entirely helium-3 Oh even
better yeah as soon as we start mining
on the moon China's gonna send one to
Jupiter it's gonna be great
see this is what we need though we need
we need incentive we need incentive to
get people to pay to go out there
Dino's but you're not an asshole for not
caring about something that's gonna
happen after you're dead like and you
know like I don't I won't care either
you're just practical you know like I
care like a couple generations after me
you know like I'll carry you know after
I'm dead oh my kids gotta live it I
might know my grandkids so it's like
I'll care about them but after that
fucking yeah five hundred million years
I have fucking nothing I can do with it
so you're gonna have six hundred million
dollars but in 1,000 years everybody in
North America dies well that would
include my family so now obviously in in
in I'm sorry in in like ten thousand
years from now everybody in North
America just dice I would be responsible
he would be responsible for killing
however many people would be in North
America at that point in time but they
all just died in ten thousand years in
ten thousand ten thousand years so right
now I get six hundred million dollars
and somehow that causes the death of
everyone on earth yes
Wow that's a good one wrench I like that
thank you thank you I like that one I
would not do it no no okay what is the
time limit because you said there's a
time limit that you don't you stop
caring at some point what is that time
woman I'm very curious
well that's see that's not a time line
because like I am directly murdering a
bunch of people I am sure so there's no
time look around that oh my god oh he's
on the roof
careful rich why he's on the roof
he's strategically advanced huh so you
have to be very yeah yeah yeah I know
I'm not listening what you say it all
because it's just that's stupid it's
just stupid what you've said is
absolutely moronic yeah let's see
killing a bunch of people is different
from them dying like from in action or
their own in action or Mayan action you
know where it's just like oh you know
right now I'm driving a car and that's
gonna raise pollutants and that might
kill people you know there's no direct
but if you're saying like I get this
money and all these people died yeah
there's a direct correlation not gonna
happen
I won't do that in 4 million 4 million
years or any money of years doesn't
matter doesn't matter three people in
10,000 years I got a high this way I
work Jack I have to find the border the
limit what is the limit what is the
limit and I can't choose what three
people no just you wouldn't know who be
around in in 10,000 years anyway ten
thousand years three people died but I
get six hundred million actually I can I
hurt you oh the plot twist with a for
The Twilight Zone
you know like like immortality would be
invented and three people would be like
you and your family no not me it would
just be even my family right oh yeah
yeah and you do do do do do can i well
that'd be the real question is like if I
could pick the three people you pick
three real dickheads murderers rapists
yes
no you can't pick him because that's the
twist $600,000,000 let me ask what is it
where's the chat doing huh what does the
chat saying about this this is the
dumbest thing they've ever heard and
they want us to talk about something
else no I think they're into it this is
yeah the talking they're saying these
are Twilight Zone plots who cares about
people 10,000 years from now exactly but
you are killing them directly yes would
he's might here's my question and I
don't know if this will sway me would
anyone know that me or my mind lineage
there been no link
there'd be no link Oh so I'd get away me
and my lineage your legacy would be fine
random man suddenly gets six hundred
million dollars and it's like here's
where my brain goes right so three
people died yeah but with six hundred
million dollars we could save a lot a
lot that's all right see that see now
you'reyou're going that route which is
interesting that's interesting I'm not
making a decision yet I'm just like we
could we could use that money to build
up infrastructure in rural Africa yeah
saving countless lives your clean water
initiatives food or you can buy like the
world's largest virtual reality machine
I don't know yes a super oculus rift I
could buy a super oculus rift with a
with a with a mega processing computer
liquid gin liquid nitrogen cooled I'd be
able to gain forever but the needs of
the many right oxygen that's the real
thing if I could if I could you know for
three and six hundred million I would
say yes I would do that in the hopes of
that money helping more people than that
would
three months later Jack loses it all
gambling it's worth it
I had a good feeling about Gatling
galloping gertie
didn't pan out I was hoping if I could
double that six hundred million that I
could help even more people as it turns
out I could not but the coke hookers and
pony races were worth it I feel
fantastic help exactly you're an you're
right Oliver Jimmy as long as I save
four people's life I'm even well you're
ahead I'm a heaven I'm ahead save four
people's life by four people a sandwich
I'm done those people would have starved
without that sandwich so what would what
would Picard do that that's exactly what
I was thinking and and Picard would
favor the needs of the many over the
needs of the few I don't know about that
I don't know that I agree with that
you don't think no six hundred million
dollars could help so many people I
think Rob would say something well it's
not our place to pick and choose who
lives and dies that's what I think
Picard would do and I would say Picard
apparently it is because someone is
giving me this choice someone is giving
me this choice six hundred million $1
hookers I could I could have that many
one dollar okay oh that's right and
there is no money in next gen future he
wouldn't care yeah yeah he wouldn't care
about that well what have you just had
that make the ethical choice where you
can you can save you know X number of
people now but then so many people other
people will die you do something with
that you just take the money out of the
equation well that we've we've had this
before right with the getting rid of the
the the Wesley Crusher episode get in
making
people get off of the planet right
because this planet of a different thing
well he was relocating people I'm trying
to find it the best example again from
Canon and that was a clear needs of the
many outweigh the needs of the few I lie
to these fuckers up here son of a bitch
pain in my ass
is that true 19.1 million was the
Environmental Protection Agency's budget
in 2010 7.9 million was the Food and
Drug Administration's budget into in
2010 sounds sounds like sounds like
reasonable numbers so with 600 million
we could do a whole lot of good we could
do a whole lot of good a lot of hungry
people out there a lot of people who
need some help insurrection Jackie
insurrection doesn't count can you get
six hundred million dollars but then
three people die tomorrow but you can do
a lot of good with that money Jack I
know do a lot to go with that money
yeah is the argument still a whole water
hour now we're getting into the button
territory that's the right that was the
whole like finding the borders yeah they
died tomorrow huh mm-hmm
so that could be people I know that
could be me yeah could be well you you
and your family are exempt you and your
family are exempt you get that safety
net I'm not but my odds are still pretty
good I don't even you want blue pee
somebody fixed TV
no it's turn-based game we're fine it's
fine oh I have Mind Control now at least
I will I have a choice between mind
controlling an alien or I could put up
the shield around me but no mind control
bitch right start and now they're saying
start taking money out of the equation
and see how little jack will kill for
you get you get five billion dollars but
one of our fans dies you get to pick the
fan Oh
I don't know I I think if it was
tomorrow like three people died tomorrow
my family is exempt even if my family is
not exempt I would think about it I
definitely would I might I might do it
just for all the good it could do with
the with the explicit understanding that
like all that money goes to doing good
in the world you know you don't get to
keep a small stipend for yourself we're
talking about five billion dollars well
I'd keep enough to live like I'm still I
wouldn't I wouldn't like buy a mansion
or anything
don't give Jack a reason to want five
billion dollars right why was space cop
so boring somebody else does what else
the early in beginning of the stream
space cop was the funniest movie I've
ever seen I didn't I don't know what to
think you know movies are art and art is
subjective and if you didn't much care
for it and we're fine with that some
people won't like it if you enjoy the
movie everything's warm and fuzzy and
I'm very glad you enjoyed it if you did
enjoy the movie I'm sorry yeah it
happens I don't know if I've told this
story I think I've told this to rich I
had a screening of space cop before it
came out some people I know and there's
one person who loved it intensely and
and and that person is the only person I
cared about watching it in the first yes
they were laughing along with with all
the jokes everyone else in the room was
dead quiet the entire time I think it
take you need a very specific sense of
humor here but I really liked it
I'm going to make a space cock XCOM to
soldier absolutely making an
entertaining film is hard making it than
any film is harking even a boring film
is hard making movies is really hard and
one thing that Jay and Mike talk about
pretty consistently is there is a big
difference between making a movie and
criticizing a movie and you have to be
okay with both of those worlds so if you
feel like criticizing it you are well
within your right to criticize space cop
I think it's unfair to think that you
know like it'll be a perfect movie
because Jay and Mike are critics because
making a movie is very different than
criticizing a movie
you love to the synth soundtrack check
out that Marty minors good friend of
mine that Marty minors a hell of a
musician like I'm glad I could get him
involved in this Marty minors did the
score for Space Camp
oh my he's also done he's done some
video game work guys he's a good
composer will there be a space cop to
galactic Boogaloo
probably not probably not
not yet there's no time to stand up yet
we have 4 minutes and 51 seconds before
it's time to stand up again I mean if
you want to stand up now you go ahead
and stand up now I did the wrong thing
oh don't do the wrong thing did the
wrong very wrong thing but
will there be will there be future space
competitions that pointlessly change and
add things no space cop deluxe edition
space cop extra mustard there's
something I pushed for but it's not
going to happen because I see how long
it took to edit the movie and it would
just be way too fucking hard to do hmm I
kept I kept pushing to have an outtake
cut of the movie where we used every
every scene we just used the worst
possible take we had I love it yeah so
every every every every line where there
was a flub is like that's the line you
use I like it but you see how long it
took to edit the movie as it was will
give the footage to someone else and
have them at at the flubs put it out for
free as marketing material for the real
movie do you like all the flubs now
watch the movie I like it just that easy
I'll take it'll be great really funny
Jack do you still think Sonic is a bad
game yes see and I never went as far as
the same as bad I have issues with it I
have issues with it I think when you
sell the game on like speed and going
really fast and then you make the level
design is all labyrinth which there's
nothing inherently wrong with having
multiple branching paths but it's not
conductive to going fast when you're
constantly stopping and thinking oh
which way should I go and I don't know
why you're dead center in the screen so
when you're running you can't see in
front of you and react to anything when
you're moving fast yep other than that I
think there there are ways to improve on
the Sonic game and I think games have
improved on it already
I've now built my own mini flying saucer
oh my god that's great yeah
rich you have played darkest dungeon
right a little bit we playing in our
stream I remember being a little bored
by its concept centered underneath I
don't like the combat hmm someone was
asking about it
modern heed concepts in it though nice I
feel like the whole factor of sonic
speed is to reward experienced and
skilled players I know that's several
warning skill it's rewarding
memorization that right there if you
memorize the levels you can do it but
that is not skill that is not skill oh I
forgot about this space camo says if I
get six hundred million dollars the
first thing I would do is spend $2,000
to get a Don Wilson stream if you win
600 million dollars the price is going
up well I'm you know grab my penis well
grab my whatever the last part of your
name is I'm sorry that you didn't enjoy
it it's not for everybody
it's space captain you know making a
movie and criticizing a movie are two
very different things and it's okay if
you didn't like it
it's okay if you are critical of the
movie nothing we can do about that I
enjoyed it I love you rich but your mic
is super loud in between in between in
between what I ivan mage says no please
for god make an outtake cut i've had
friends who made movies do an outtake
cut fucking fantastic you would probably
have to give jail
money to do this I understand up
couldn't come up with a joke fast enough
Oh time to stand up time to stand I know
I should but I don't want to because
you're telling me I need to meet and I
find that I find that offensive and
insulting and I kind of hate it but I'm
gonna do it anyway just because I know
it's good for my back probably top
experts say that this is good for you
you don't need to it's just a good idea
if we listen to science the rich is
burping now what Stan we're standing up
now I was putting Vader alright alright
Vader was usually because it was the
reason I've been trying to do this is
because a lot of times I forget to set
my alarm and so well you know we'll go
three four hours of a stream and I won't
stand up yeah and I feel like absolute
garbage at the end of the night
my legs my legs that feel like garbage
so I've started I've started a little
timer to make sure that if we go an hour
without standing up we do it's good for
everybody everybody loves it your neck
your back your post the end your crack
you're right that's a great song what
what it's a song by a female rapper my
neck my back lick my pussy and my crack
neck Bob that song from a female rapper
yeah I hate myself and I hope I'm raped
I don't think that that's a female
rapper thing I actually moron know
rappers hate women I honestly didn't get
that rappers hate women a lot of rappers
are very disrespectful towards women
that is true co-workers just lately
listen the song was like I hate those
holes I'm gonna fuck them on put them in
their place and she was like can you
please note listen about like like
directly in front of me that comes on
please yeah I love bad bitches that's my
fucking problem yeah I'd like to fuck I
got a fucking problem I love bad bitches
that's a fucking problem but a lot of
rappers are are disrespectful towards
women but I think it comes from an
artistic place I think a lot of it comes
from from inadequacies and sexual
frustration sure sure sure they're
playing characters kind of and so you
know their characters just like oh fuck
all the women all the time but on the
inside they're just like nobody likes me
oh breaking ships
I'm pretty sure disrespecting news
disrespecting women has been the primary
theme of music for the past 100 years
some I think you know like if you look
at like like 50s and 60s music it was
all it was it was not necessarily
disrespectful towards women it was just
like we're two women at my baby needs to
come come back to me but Oh run around
sue yeah yeah yeah little story about a
gal I knew dumped uh I forget that oh I
used to I used to know that something
backwards before that was a staple when
I was a wedding DJ you'd always play
runaround sue early in the night yeah
cuz the the grandparents like the dance
to that one I keep away from a runaround
zoo oh hey hey whoa well that and um
you know you play shaking ah SH twist
and shout by the Beatles
what what I think I was I was for a long
time for a few years I was a wedding DJ
in and just after high school it was it
was a it was an amazing job there's
nothing shocking about that at all that
I was a wedding DJ yeah yeah lots of
people are wedding DJs it's it was great
it was a great job I I except for except
for the hours you know cuz you only
worked Friday and Saturday nights and so
but it was fine for me because I didn't
have friends or social life so I guess I
got to be the center of attention for a
little bit you get pretty good at it
after after a couple years it got really
monotonous everybody like wants the idea
that their wedding is you know very
special did you I don't remember buying
one of these
oh it's from never mind I know where
that came from okay I stunned one of
those elite Bhutan mutants usually I
usually I have these built before I run
into them but mmm apparently this game
that's a weird exception okay so
everyone likes to think that their
wedding is very special but there's a
formula and when you're a wedding DJ you
know the formula you know exactly what
you're playing you take requests but
they'd never never happen and most of
the time the only thing people requests
is stuff that you were already going to
play oh yeah no definitely get to your
request you have this little like um you
have this little like worksheet that the
bride and groom fill out there was we
had a special orientation for bride and
groom's we're too haven't fill out of
working what song do you need the deejay
to play what song would do you never
want the deejay to play stuff like that
right like what kind of people are gonna
be at your wedding and basically it was
less of a worksheet and more of a
training program for the bride and groom
because here's the really important
thing and this is for anyone who's about
to be married or was about to be part of
a wedding the most important thing to
get people to dance at you
wedding is the bride and groom dancing
everyone wants to be near the bride and
groom at the wedding the more you are
out there dancing the more they will be
oh cool jacket now tell me this in this
game yeah
does armor do anything different or your
stats are your stats no matter what
you're wearing
oh yeah well there's this jacket is
nothing because he's being sent in a
covert operation okay so that's just a
normal jacket it's cool jacket yeah yeah
but he's got like next to no health
because he's wearing that oh and put an
extra vest I mean there actually has a
previous loadout nice there's different
tiers of armor and each tier has like
several cosmetic things you can do to it
okay there's the normal starting soldier
uniforms yes different varieties of that
you can change but those are just
cosmetic and then there's the the
secondary alloy armor and there's
cosmetic changes for that shit and
finally you get the power armor which is
what I'm rocking now with most of my
troops okay so so like there's different
armor which have different stats and
each of those different armors you can
also change the look that yeah look or
call it yes yes cool and then this is
nothing because he's not a covert
operation that is really it's just a
jacket cool because I keep forgetting to
scan for exalt covert operations I'm by
the way I know that I can attack the
exalted base right now because it has to
be here everyone else has been
eliminated but I'm just I'm waiting to
the end of the month her panic reasons
sure so see if Egypt and South Africa
yeah they're but they're close to going
into the red this is bad at the end of
the month alright if they go into the
red at the end of the month I can do
that exiled based mission and that'll
bring the panic on everything down so I
can rescue those countries nice you've
got this cuz I haven't been paying
enough attention to the game was I'm
talking to you I'm talking about you had
and I forgot to build satellites
sure what I want yeah well first of all
I want to as a strawberry pancake wants
to know how is standing up every our
healthy for you when you sit it
restricts the blood flow to your legs
and feet you are not using your muscles
it means you're more likely to get blood
clots start aging and you'll find out
how sitting down too much can be bad for
you it's it's also in general indication
of lethargic lifestyle so by moving
every hour you're encouraging blood flow
your your moving is always good for you
how am i doing at this pretty good
