Episode 058
XCOM 2 MADNESS!!! (Part 2)
April 5, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlIRjaW49lw
___________________________________________

OBS says we're streaming shambles okay
now we are okay great all right we're
back so we're going to sew the whole PC
didn't crash just XCOM to did and we are
going to attempt as soon as rich loads
this game we are going to attempt to
lower the graphical settings
maybe maybe that'll save us a crash late
we don't know so I had asked hit that
ask is is Kevin soul in the chat does he
know any like common causes for crashes
that I could disable or whatnot okay
Ivan something it doesn't like running
within the background or something maybe
on I don't know maybe we'll see I'm
looking out for him we're going to
preset medium just a sure do that quick
let's see no I think that's fine
I got my eye on him we'll see if he says
anything if there's anything that he
knows of that uh that causes crashes on
a regular basis rich has had uh some
issues with the game crashing I don't
have any easy tip to avoid crashes
that's okay that's okay Kevin I am I'm
playing on my Mac and I've had a crash
twice but I I guess I just assumed that
was a Mac thing like maybe that it
didn't talk well it's not really a
gaming Mac either it's not oh no yeah
but you know it's it's a video editing
Mac and so it has some processing power
it's older like we're talking about last
time it's an older Mac but you know so I
mean my graphic settings are whale the
way down low a gaming Mac there's no
there's no gaming Mac get a kid out of
town
okay here we go you have to steal that
Xbox that looks at incredibly like an
original Xbox Oh should I move my sniper
first which was which was dumb the new
sector did you get to the what the thing
men have become no okay well it looks
like the classic XCOM snake men the
snake man
yes yes they're pretty spooky they can
they can grab you with their tongue I
can poison yeah I just came across the
what are the big guys called butonce
mutant mutants yeah I just came across
the mutants I came across the mutants
they're pretty awesome also the faceless
have you encountered the faceless yet
great monster it looks like it looks
like looks like a big pile of goop yeah
it looks like it reminds me a lot of
Clayface from Batman the Animated Series
just a big gloopy monster and is like EF
faceless
recruit more pimps for you I will tell
you what the legitimate advantages of
being a subscriber are one you get to
use all of our emotes whoa sorry what's
going on oh oh I want to switch people
in my my my button was missing Oh what
whoa you know and you might not think
that's a big deal but you know some
people like it so you get to use all of
our emotes not only in our chat but in
any twitch chat that you're in and the
other thing is you give us money which
help make sure we keep making this show
and of course previously recorded in
general that's it there's there's no you
know there's no good reason there's
really no you oh you also you also get a
pizza roll next to your name oh joy
there's no good reason it's it's
literally just a way to support us and
if you don't you know that's why we did
the the tips because I'm sure there's
one there's a couple people out there
who's like yeah I'd rather give them two
bucks every six months and that's what
the tips are for right or if you just
want to hang out and watch that's fine
too anything you want to do mr. Pibb
says they've been temp banned from 2
twitch chats for using prereq icons
really so there you go you can get
banned from other chats that's like a
reward in itself I have another chance
ban for that I can't it's probably has
something to do were you spamming we're
spamming them or they can't just just
before the emotes
yeah now I don't know what the situation
here because I'm already on the red tile
but in cover can I safely move at all or
am I just oh that's a good question I've
never had to deal with this before if
you move out of it I mean setup everyone
else first and then try to move out of
it see what happens
well fuck me hmm well fuck my people who
think don't move
oh okay so I'm M bolt-on ovitch says
donating 8 more bucks on top of MySpace
got purchase so you can buy a gaming mac
thank you
Thank You M Bolton ovitch yellow bear
bro we usually only ask questions we
usually only say stuff if you donate at
least two dollars
well do an exception in this in this
case because you know you might not have
known about that rule rich yeah do you
know about Christopher Hitchens yeah
what do you think about Christmas is a
great man it's Jamie's dead Oh
has he died recently okay well there you
go too much new key yes we've turned a
couple soldiers into subscribers and
we're waiting - you know recruit some
more pimps and pushers drank too much
smoke too much yeah man let's get funky
anonymous asks your internationally
famous twitch streamers and Blizzard
didn't give you guys free overwatch beta
key yet this is contradicting all the
online conspiracy theories right I know
blizzard get on top of that yeah we are
the smallest big-time extremist we might
be the smallest dreamers I'm you know
I'm I keep watching over watch stir
streams that a lot and I'm very excited
about overwatch I think I'm gonna play
it when it comes out saying overwatch
submit just make everything effects calm
is the time for overwatch we got over
what I guess but
I oh shit I uh that might not have been
the smartest thing I thought I was far
enough away that blasted rule cake was
gonna hit the truck Oh No
why didn't the truck highlight oh no no
yeah it's did her job I'm probably gonna
get her killed and then well no she has
time to get out all right no that was
her reaction oh oh that's all right
yellow bear bro don't you a yellow bear
bro don't you worry none about nothing
I'm Bill Donovan so this is kind of our
podcast we we have some episodes like
this we you know we're probably be
talking about the game a little bit more
but you know we have some streams
especially these streams that Jay are
here where we just jibber about nonsense
barely talking about the game see our
stream on Sunday I don't think we even
we mentioned the game was our first time
playing it and that happens oh so much
for that checkpoint I thought that huh
you did you did fuck this I got a
grenade
do you think rich would like Bioshock
games did you play any of the Bioshock
games I played infinite um are you
starting with infinite well I played a
little bit of of the other one I like
the art style yeah I love I love Art
Deco oh sure
broken our Decca the first one had some
good meat to it that first Bioshock game
interesting ideas some fun battles great
art design and then you know I'm ex
coming my brain is just kind of got less
only only half here no that's that ex
come away in action oh um did you have
you seen Hannibal at all no no rich is
not the guy who was the showrunner of
Hannibal has been announced as the
showrunner for the Star Trek series
welcome and I know many many people
liked Hannibal I hear I heard nothing
but good things about Hannibal so that's
that's a positive in my mind shit shit
shit shit let's see here hand the alien
invasion taken place in the XCOM
universe would space camp have been able
to handle it wait single handedly no
he'd be too lazy to yeah he would just
let the aliens win he would take orders
from Oh does this affect my pension do I
get to keep my job okay who do you need
me to kill I'll say this
Gani Medes Gani Medes nine my neck Kanna
meetings ganna Metis I don't know again
a Metis is I know what's the name of one
of the moons of one of the gas giants no
it's based on some kind of Greek
something or other they're all
done Greek something or another's um my
neck my back lick my pussy and my crack
you're welcome
that's from a hip hop song lady lady
rapper sings about how she likes men to
to touch her down there
very classy she's a classy lady she's a
lady who knows what she wants she's a
take-charge kind of lady
oh it's a moon of Jupiter thank you
cracker man all right
look at these scrubs playing with turn
limits
let's turn limits turn us what's turn
limits I don't know what that means do
you know what that means I know every
mission in this game pretty much has
turned a timer for something you have to
do sure that's hardly a scrub thing I
don't know what do you what do you mean
term limits I mean turn dude I can't be
president more than twice no turn turn
limits I don't know what that means
I don't know what it means we are scrub
I'm just playing the default veteran
right now yeah there's something I'm
doing that you don't like you're gonna
need to get more specific cuz I have no
idea what the fuck it's a mod you can
mod out turn limits most popular mods
remove the turn limit I'm well we're
gonna review the game I'm gonna review
the vanilla game so I have to play it
like this yes I kind of want to play it
with what the designers had in mind and
and the last thing is that's hardly a
scrub move it's more difficult do you
know what scrub means fucking moron her
friends don't know what scrub means what
do we have his fans
who are these idiots bunch of dickheads
that's who weekend sectoid little rug
Lucy Adam there sectoid enough the shit
you know I don't mind it so much when
they mind-control the other guys I don't
like it when they mind-control me OOP
look at that face oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
do you even taste me ex
do-do-do-do-do-do oh how do you miss
that shot bunch of idiots bunch of
fucking idiots are gonna save the world
is all this is all you can muster rich
this is it now what you're gonna miss
your sword strike slash him fucking
slash him I'm sorry rich I didn't think
you would actually miss your sword
strike you were just hoping no I I'm
playing on rookie I'm playing on rookie
I have never missed a sword strike it
just hasn't come up I know it says 88%
all the time but I just kind of assumed
it was a sure thing
wait wait you're gonna fire in the dead
guy I can't kill him oh sure like
best-case scenario he's got two health
labs oh yeah and he's got 37% oh he's
behind cover I could take a pistol shot
at him sure you know what okay I'm
paying attention now because I'm
actually playing the game so now I want
to know what's inside Rich's head these
are tips and tricks like for me you know
it's like always you know the aliens
mind controlling the other alien the
sectoid is mind controlling the those
guys nice call rich nice he's gonna miss
oh and so you know you go for the
sectoid because that takes down two with
one blast oh oh god mmm
Jesus jesus H Christ he's your Snipes
Oh son of a bitch son of a bitch son of
a bitch Oh
telegin says Jack and rich have you seen
Deadpool yes it's fine not great
also Jack will you watch doctor who now
that the creator of broadchurch will be
the showrunner ooh and Moffat as soon as
Moffat leaves yes I will start watching
again Moffat has has ruined a perfectly
lovely show so as soon as he's gone yes
I will start watching again no is
Deadpool out yet I think that currently
it is I don't know I think that pool
comes out this weekend for us but I
don't know I know neither of us have
seen it I do plan on seeing it I like
Deadpool I like Ryan Reynolds I love
Ryan Reynolds I'm in Ryan Reynolds's
corner I'm a fan of Ryan Reynolds but
the real they I would like to donate a
game through Steam how do you want me to
do so can you write this up someplace
can you write this up someplace I looked
around and couldn't find it also again
Mehdi was Zeus's cupbearer and boy toy
hmm oh well thank you thank you for that
bit of insight email us at prereq at red
letter media com well yeah I'll make up
a little thing in our in our twitch that
gives you our email address a prereq p
re re e c at red letter media dot-com
send us any game that you want to gift
us gift that to us that timing worked
out perfectly because it looked like
here's about I know he wasn't but it
looked like he was about to attack you
like
just one just one day there's a sniper
yeah I am it was real Oh Deadpool was
released today in the UK I don't think
that poll comes out until Friday here
the UK is used to getting everything
like a month or three late it's a
different world
now it's different world oh no mr.
Schine smile I've been I've been I've
been transferring over to our at red
letter media email address now so we're
trying not to use the gmail one anymore
prereq at red letter media that's where
all our emails should go because I've
been having some gmail issues so but
thank you ah good bye is le a great look
great look yeah oh that's right captain
dick face yeah oh the weekend DJ I loved
him I loved him I'll just say that this
is a conversation I was having with rich
earlier by the way oh yeah tell them the
story is rich has always told me about
how you fall in love with your XCOM
soldiers and I've always believed them
hello commander I've always believed
them but this is my first time really
playing an ex-con game and so it's my
first time experiencing falling in love
with your social soldiers you know
you're you're one sniper makes that 70%
shot and she's your favorite sniper ever
and I had this recentiy percent I'm just
saying you know hey it's not my sniper
damn well better make that 70% i'm just
remember i'm new to the game yeah look
at him look at him he looks like he
looks like he looks like a thinman he
looks like the guy from the beginning
given the speech no I am NOT the guy
from the beginning giving the speech I'm
an ex-con soldier certainly not here
undercover thin men are the infiltration
units so anyway when I started playing I
I didn't I wasn't into the whole like
you fall in love with your soldiers
thing and so I decided I was going to
make the war girls wear every one of my
soldiers was a bald female with the
skull face paints and that was gonna be
my thing like okay in my army in my army
you you eat sleep and shit XCOM nothing
else matters so you know like no
identity no nothing cuz in my army would
kill or be killed fuck everything else
right and I fell in love with one of my
teams like Oh like I I had to you know
had a Grenadier I had a ranger I had a
sniper and I had a specialist and I was
like oh now we're kicking ass and of
course I started to get more team
members and more specialists and more
snipers and I fell in love particularly
with a sniper and then it was time to
pick my team again and I forgot which
sniper was the one I liked because they
all look the same and I was like no I
want to take the sniper that I really
like and I forgot which one it was and
so like since then I've given them all
like different haircuts a unique look so
I can remember who makes the good shot
I've fallen in love with my soldiers
yeah it's great yeah XCOM is good for
that yeah some leader you are right I
still a Jag is a good leader you can't
get too attached okay you're sending
these people out to die yeah yeah it's
like a lab rat don't name your lab rat
don't you don't don't I do i wanna i
want i want to love my lab rats
Jack got a really cool lip scar in my
game rich is still scarless good yeah
I'm letting all my soldiers keep their
name and personality and and whatnot
sometimes they'll change their the color
of their outfit I like to color quote
color coordinate my you know like all of
my grenadiers wear red all of my
specialists wear blue just so out in the
field I can get an overview of who's
where I think that's good but I let him
keep their name
it's just like Jacques my hip
if the game crashes again we're gonna
start up XCOM 2 again because we said we
would give X come to two crashes yeah
after the third crash we pick a new game
or if it crashes the whole computer we
pick a new game and by picking a new
game I mean rich plays Dragon's Dogma
because that's anyone else to play arena
football I just made this one's gonna be
crashing right right of course so I know
like rich so far he said he's only like
what eight seven eight hours in yes like
that and I'm about 15 hours in to my
first game I have saves cummed a couple
times and I feel bad about it but rich
says it's okay because I'm learning
you'll grow out of it sooner or later
you'll garage won't you once you've got
the field yeah yeah I'm getting much
better at tactics I'm actually paying
attention when I play which is I think
really helpful but the aliens are
actively pursuing them subscriber who
what a subscriber who what what should
they be a trivia question involved this
is this is your call man you just tell
me but it has to be a subscriber what is
my favorite fictional animal oh nice
what is Rich's favorite fictional animal
that is bill Tetley
he's got the keyboard the keyboard
something but you
it is the Jackalope rich mention that
earlier okay for the record repeating
myself yeah that's my favorite precisely
because it's so believable yes te t le y
te t bill Tetley her name is bill
titling i love it i love it
she looks like a bill seems like a
change gender isn't one no no you could
if somebody has you know personal
request
everyone wants at least one Neal Breen
on the team because then he will be the
best and everything
Billy Tetley that's it yes that's what
we used to call him Billy Tenley but we
know now it's bill Tetley
yeah he which rich said which fictional
animal that uh you could also say which
fake animal but in fictional animal oh
it did I tell you by the way just seeing
this building yep I finally got a sniper
ranked up enough to get the bonus where
if you're on the roof you get a shot
bonus look I haven't even used it yet I
just love it I love it that it's there
it's like fuck yeah
I've been rich I've been all up on the
roof the roof is great what was the
other option
oh I don't forget I didn't even look at
the other option I read the roof one I
said I'm on the roof motherfucker of
course you didn't of course you didn't
and I wasn't paying attention what is
this oh wait what is the goal here what
do we need to do I don't get the person
and you do anything rescue the via oh
there it is yeah extract the vehicle and
extract all exam soldiers all right
I love the roof I'm a big fan of the
roof jack the roof is on fire we don't
need no water let the motherfucker burn
burn motherfucker better at clicking
Jay's Ellie says I'm currently playing
witcher 3 should i do XCOM 1 or Dragon's
Dogma next by the way lol fuck my cock
they're both fine choices I I've heard
that Witcher that witcher 3 is the
superior dragon's dogma okay and so i
dont coming from a fantasy game like
witcher 3 you might find Dragon's Dogma
to be a bit of a disappointment even
though I don't I don't know if in
Witcher 3 you can do the climbing on
monsters thing which I love that's my
favorite part the main character which
is there just seems like such a generic
motherfucker yeah so so I'd say you
don't want to do fantasy I'm cool
diamond
fuck yeah I'm so cool did I tell you how
cool I am I've heard it too much Dookie
I've heard Witcher 3 is the better
Dragon's Dogma as far as like fantasy
realms and story goes and so going from
fantasy to fantasy might not be the
smartest idea so then I say do fantasy
do sci-fi then back to fantasy that
sounds so reasonable don't you think
yeah that's why I mean that's that's how
I would do it no these are safe places
sure
I love it I love the chat just going to
alt is as generic as a hero can be in
the very next comment is Geralt is
anything but generic you don't know what
you're talking about he's a well fleshed
out character
yeah he's generic he's super drew I've
heard good things about Witcher 3 a lot
of people are recommending us playing
Witcher 3 now that we've kind of dipped
a toe into the into the fantasy realm I
don't know if I'd go to either Witcher 3
or to one of the Skyrim time game sure
you know I don't know I owe someone
actually gifted us a baldur's gate okay
which they say involves a lot of tactics
okay in a fantasy realm which they
thought you especially might enjoy it so
we got that this is safe is it safe this
is safe is it safe I don't know is it
safe I don't know is it safe I don't
know jack have you seen the French
Connection is it safe is it safe no
that's Marathon Man doesn't often gets
his teeth pulled out yep you're right I
mean tomato tomahto I'm all right
oh wait wait wait wait wait if I'm gonna
do this I should put some people in
overwatch of course
get it together rich also I'm gonna
stand up I didn't exactly start my
stand-up timer but I think it's been
about an hour since we've been streaming
so everyone who wants to it's been about
an hour time to stand up I'm going to
I'm gonna I'm gonna
I heard you oh my god I'm come back
nice taken care of
what are you doing I'm stretching you
look like you're like a robo sizing
wrong no look you look like your roba
sizing wrong well I was just I was I was
doing some light lunge like an aerobics
instructor would walk and say that's not
how you do that I was doing some lunges
just to stretch out the old uh the old
uh what's my foods is the muscles in
your legs that I don't know the names of
okay let's say here uh mister sister
Pfister
I watched aliens last night and it made
me wonder what is y'all's favorite
sequel mine is home alone - lost in New
York aliens also at what age is it no
longer appropriate to take baths with
your sister two very important questions
25 well that that is correct as well you
need to get more specific over that
question I would start a little bit
earlier what did you start that what it
what is don't you is it no longer
oh no longer oh it's no longer
appropriate at 25 no longer for 22 and
at 58 at 75 it's okay oh he comes back
it comes back after a while you know I
think I think right when you start
getting around like 8 or 9 then it's you
know favorite sequel that's a really
tough question no it's not there's two
there's only two possible answers ok
aliens or the Empire Strikes Back
oh my god father - how fight is really
good I haven't seen either oh really
have we finally had this conversation
before
uh you know empires great empires great
Godfather to shoot him in the face
shoot him in the goddamn fucking face
now he's gonna owe ya shit face what
blink should really be a hire to hit you
know what was your percentage 85 but
rich they could be dodging they can be
dodging the other guys up top here
somewhere right there
fuckin hope so um oh he's not shit the
second one I thought I can be wrong I've
been wrong before I'm wrong many times I
don't know in my life I have a soft spot
for for Kevin Smith movies and so I
really enjoyed clerks too obviously like
it's nowhere near as important as the
first clerks but if you if you look at
all of his films as kind of like a where
he is in life analogy like clerks - I
think did a really amazing thing there's
a lot of good sequels out there um let's
see here
Oh anonymous anonymous says does rich
plan to play any hitman games some good
sneaky action of the third one is really
good have you ever played any of the
hitman games I have I try with the very
first one that came out yes it sounded
like a fucking awesome idea and it was
the problem was at the time it came out
it didn't work so well on my computer
and every level literally took half an
hour to load and then if you died you'd
have the way to half an hour sure the
level to reload if you wanted to restart
we have an eye level to reload so I
couldn't get into it but what I did play
I loved oh so there's nothing worth it
here there's nothing worth hacking yeah
what does that do you get me what do you
get me a lamppost he's gonna shit got
you I heard somebody on line once said
they found when they gave him like a
permanent 20 plus 20 to hack what that's
great
one but it was like a load chance to
actually get it but it was worth the 2%
chance oh yeah
um let's see here Lord Belmont says what
about Terminator 2 no I prefer first one
Secretariat is a good movie I prefer the
first one I think Arnold is the hero
does nothing for me
Michael Bane is the hero on the first
one I can get man versus machine and you
get Sarah Connors character arc there's
some great shit in the first one yeah
but the second one you get like psycho
yeah you got great action and kind of
what they did with her was neat but
overall I like the first one more not
the second one's a terrible movie sure
just like on the scale of like sequels
you enjoyed that that's lower I still
like the first movie more than the
second one regardless okay yeah I'm with
you
also I saw room and a Hail Caesar both
are fantastic go watch them
Star Trek to the Wrath of Khan great
movie oh I still as far as favorite
sequel I'm still going with either
Empire Strikes Back or aliens
sure aliens is one of my favorite movies
but well that's not like I'm just naming
good sequels rafa Khan nice one though
should should we lump the Star Trek
movies in there they're coming from a
serialization so like even the first
Star Trek Star Trek the motion picture
you know like has this back that has
this history to it a movie coming from a
TV show so I don't even know if that
should count unpowered raindrop you are
correct the best sequel ever to exist is
Evil Dead 2 oh yes yes that changes
everything that changes everything is
evil too
oh fuck yes Evil Dead 2 you also get
plot oh oh
shwoo pie says you also get +5 hack for
every mission a soldier completes a
successful hacking hey hey hey I should
have tried didn't know that okay now we
know thank you you're helping us all
right I got a stuck in these fucking
people in the building now you know what
I haven't seen looper looper is on mile
is very high on my list of movies to see
but for obvious reasons it is not my
favorite sequel oh the the looper
director is directing episode 8 oh so no
but I really want to see looper I've
heard really good things about it I
really want to see it I know evil did
too evil the two is technically a sequel
so it still counts evil then two might
be the best movie ever made
let alone best suits that's honestly
very very true
oh I know John wick John wick is very up
there on lists of movies that I really
want to see too but even though
technically a sequel even though the
first five minutes of Evil Dead 2 is all
of Evil Dead 1 done better done better
because it's all that fluff condensed
into five minutes and then you get Evil
2 to fucking you-let's who's the
greatest just the greatest
toy stories - is alright yeah yeah yeah
yeah it's no toy
I mean Toy Story 3 is a fucking
tearjerker and Toy Story 1 is the thing
that started at all Toy Story 2 is just
kind of you know it's fine
it's good it's good oh knowledgeable
junkie says here's $2 to point out
another great - Back to the Future 2
it's certainly not better than the first
one but I know that's not the criteria
better than the first one isn't the
criteria it's just it's just you know
favorite sequel above above Empire above
Evil Dead 2 above alienness but you know
what and here's mostly it doesn't do any
of that because Back to the Future Part
2 isn't a self-contained entity because
it's it's wrapped up in in Back to the
Future Part 3 as well you know so it's
it's part 2 and part 3 I get you know
here's the the really neat thing about
this conversation is there are a ton of
really good sequels and that great
sequels get shade on a lot spider-man 2
spider-man 2 was way better than
spider-man 1 that's true I like
spider-man 2 a lot deadliest prey best
sequel maybe maybe I knew that was gonna
happen what I was gonna come through
that door I took a chance yeah no he's
reanimating a dead soldier well what do
I do
it's base cop - yeah that's gonna be way
better than space cop 1 obviously we
start kicking some ass that's what we do
tiny turnip says I wouldn't say a ton
there's a lot sequels get shit on a lot
and we've just named a bunch of good
sequels
Captain America to Winter Soldier winter
your soldier is a lot a lot better than
First Avenger but again you know they're
kind of coming from a place of
serialization Lando who is taken says
Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 is probably
one of the best things Canon films ever
produced best of the series I'm not the
that's that's more of a J conversation
I'm not I'm not a big Texas Chainsaw
Massacre kind of person oh there you go
4 to 6 yeah I'll take that fuck yeah
stupid sword eat it secta stupid sward
this sort of done 80 I think it's every
single I don't know I didn't I'd have to
check yeah I could be wrong I mean
listen you shotgun him in the face
that's he did fine you did fine there
uno lyrium car yeah illyrian road
warrior yep yes road warrior nice dark
night dark night I'm still going with my
selections though over any of these
Empire no no if the question is which is
a better at which is an improvement over
the previous one the most improvement
that's a different question entirely
then it's still evil then too but it's
still evil then yes yes ultimately yeah
a complete moot point because it's all
it's all evil dead too you know like
yeah so that's the question is what
takes the original material and makes it
better or what continues the story and
does an equal or better job those are
two different criteria because you know
with Evil Dead 2 you can't you can't say
it continues the story and doesn't equal
a better job it just does a better job
than the first one tells a different
type of it tells exactly it's a it's a
whole different thing but then if you
say like oh it continues the story and
it keeps going well then it's Empire
mm-hmm and then it's you know then it's
all Empire
let's see here gobbledygook the only
horror sequel to ever win best picture
is Silence of the Lambs
you guys value awards right and did you
know that the 2011 the 2011 MMO
PC gamer award went to DC Universe
Online and it's free you fucks
Oh what award who gave us award and why
do I care what they think people gave
them the power PC gamer gave out an
award for the best multiplayer
multiplayer AMA gives them the authority
to say what's the best anything they're
the best and the best of the best the
best the best best best we don't have
time to play DC online universe
gobbledygook for playing ex-con to
shadow extent II would like to point out
Kill Bill part to kill bill cut party
was great what's going on what is going
on I don't know he doesn't he's not he's
not going in over on she's not in
England no he isn't over watch the why
isn't the turn ending is there anyone
else to go no there was no one else to
go no that's weird
Kill Bill doesn't really count because
they're kind of you know they're lumped
in together so Kill Bill part 1 & 2 are
you know this yeah Kill Bill part 2 was
made with the first split and editing
not produced separately so Kill Bill
part 1 & 2 are great but doesn't count
semantics maybe oh the VIP didn't move
oh that's why that's why you couldn't
into turn
well that makes sense though they do you
want to say Jack I want to do two nala
acknowledge that the chat was correct
yeah does that not make Kill Bill 2 the
perfect sequel well but it's not
technically I know it's is it a sequel a
sequel do you can you cut the Godfather
at half and call that the Godfather one
and two right and then the Godfather you
know one point two is the sequel and
it's a great sequel it's really closed
up that story it's a split movie is what
it is
right when we I think when we talk about
sequel we're talking about things that
were you know made after the fact
to define sequel gutter stars says stuck
sick at home thanks for giving me
something to look forward to
well you're welcome gutter stars glad we
could give you some entertainment while
you're stuck sick at home tis the season
for sickness
Jebus know I had no choice
oh yeah what happens if I run out of
time that's never happened to be in oh
well I think we're gonna find out
you only have one turn left
just have her run for it and you
probably could who doesn't have a
grenade you don't have a grenade all
right you're doing this and you're gonna
miss this this 85% shot 88% shot I know
I know you're gonna miss that 88% shot
guess this is XCOM oh oh hey hey Galaga
says you lose if you run out of turns
you lose that you lose if you run out of
time well I just have to get her over
here maybe let's find out
oh no one of the things is extract all
XCOM soldiers how many people can you
get over there do it do it don't tell me
what to do jack okay don't tell me what
to do okay
54% oh my god hey take that shit fuck
yeah you can extract after using both
action points is what is what Kevin is
saying oh well it's a bit late for that
hopefully the mission will end if I kill
everybody
we'll see yeah cuz sometimes they bring
in extra reinforcement why they get to
learn Thor I get to learn
nice-nice Thord
I might lose all these people but I just
wanna see what happens okay yeah no
that's fine that's fine that's gonna be
pissed if you get everybody killed
McHale they're gonna be super pissed oh
hey so you did it for killing everybody
yeah you killed everyone and did it well
there you go
suck it mission objectives well we're
not playing by your rules make sense
once everybody's dead you have all the
time in the world to leave well but they
said Advent is sending reinforcements
that's what I'm saying
they're like Advent is ending reversions
get out of here by this time or else
you're totally fucked or just kill
everyone whatever successful shot
percentage jack by the way that's that's
even news to Kevin
hundred percent successful shot
percentage not even Kevin who works at
fire axis knew that killing everyone
though is a win there you know why cuz
I'm the fucking ex-con master I said me
Deb you fucking game don't have rich dev
your game he doesn't know anything about
game development don't do it don't do it
Kevin you got well you got your VIP out
all the best soldiers name Kevin
that's so weird names just ridiculously
high it makes the game way too easy
so weird ah commander let's see here uh
I've on mage hi I emailed you jack on
seeing if you got a package to rlm for
perks oh no look at this so much for
flawless so much for flawless Kevin
here's
if you look here on the screen all these
all these red marks if the entire team
is captured if the entire team is
captured I don't think that's a flawless
eye I don't think you did your math
right on the end there
holy crap yeah just lost everybody I
will say what I think the time limits
need to be more forgiving yes I agree
well there's a mod apparently that gets
rid of them entirely I don't want to get
rid of them right I just think it needs
to be tweaked I agree four or five more
terms that would have been nice this
would have been nice
no it'd have been nice it's forcing you
to rush and be stupid what we were
talking about this earlier it goes along
with the theme yeah because in in X come
to the the theme is that you are now the
resistance you are the rebels you don't
have all the time in the world you need
to guerrilla make a relapse jump in
shoot the guys jump out right and so
it's it's trying to push it's trying to
make you feel like that like you are a
guerrilla op in an unknown city the only
problem is it's a little unforgiving my
biggest thing right there is that should
not have been a flawless victory if
every single one of your soldiers got
captured can they be rescued can they be
rescued Kevin can they be rescued and
you get to keep all the items your guys
picked up I didn't get a scientist out
someone got out it was a scientist the
scientists didn't pick up the thingy
your soldier picked up the thingy oh yes
they can be rescued okay how do we
rescue them let's do that you'll get
risk okay you'll get rescue missions
okay all right I like that I like that
okay that's exciting it sounds exciting
isn't it to go rescue the chat
yeah pay more attention the story when I
played alone oh that you know what
blueberry you got it right there the
time limit should start after you break
stealth probably there's no good reason
for there to be a time limit on extra
troops coming a big story wise depending
upon what the time limit is for sure
before the bomb goes off it's not gonna
matter the bombs not gonna patiently
wait until you pop out of stuff the bomb
just says well I don't see any enemies
so I'm not going to explode in general I
wouldn't even take much just a few more
terms but they've really cut it to the
bone
yeah but we know if you're full of joy
we know there's a mob that will just
take the time limits out altogether but
we you know again we're playing we're
playing the game you want to see what
the devs had in mind
yes modding is great modding is great
for tweaking after the fact but what did
the developers want us to play you know
you know what happened the first time I
played classic difficulty in the
original X know what I got my fucking
ass handed to me squad wives constantly
that's horrible and then I learned how
to play the game better and I discovered
I really liked classic difficulty maybe
maybe the same will happen with the term
limits that could be turn turn limits
that could be but I am conditioned not
to - yeah yeah cuz you don't like
dashing and XCOM and they you're you
know you and the original one the
original ish the second one which isn't
well actually the fourth one which is
now the new first one the reboot um the
reboot first - Shh very often and in
here with these time limits you kind of
have to a couple of times it just seems
like a great way to lose soldiers but I
guess you lose them anyway well you just
lost them yeah car 55 says hey Jack and
rich I have a possum staring at me
through the windows what do I do
I think I'm being mind-controlled by us
name it name it name it by a caller
fantastic pet you possums are the
grossest well make some clothes there
weird little giant rats with horrible
eyes and like big rat tails notice shoot
it with a gun people have pet rats rats
are cute compared to opossums possums
are gross well you're calling a possum a
giant cube rep as an insult a giant a
giant ugly rat a giant ugly rat oh there
is a mob to start the timer after
stealth has ended those fearful slugs
okay thank you fearful sludge boy I
think I would probably want that mod I'm
still playing on rookie so I'm not into
it but let us play let us play the
vanilla game first where are we after
yeah they hiss like snakes opossums so
they're giant rats that hiss at you this
little microf like a fly cough like oh I
spell don't shoot as opossums it like if
you have neighbors invest in you know
what you should invest in nice 22 rifle
that's great for for shooting vermin's
and then you don't need to worry about
like collateral damage because 22s don't
do too much damage
just enough to kill a vermin oh wow you
only have three soldiers available yep
you need to recruit need to recruit and
you don't have that many supplies to
recruit you like who you like you like
four-man team okay let me go alright so
these guys okay your turn jack I'm the
first person to say your turn jack
you're so creative when we do that
well I'm trying to capture you know
here's the when we name people it's fun
to name people but it takes away from
gameplay and I think people are here for
gameplay and so I want to make sure we
get to that gameplay Frisco Jones I saw
that oh I'm looking for your name Frisco
Jones Frisco Jones ok Frisco Jones you
get it um recruit more pimps for you
says finally saw space cop love it the
horse penis line made me spit out my
coke milk tell joseline for me that
she's very attractive
PS speaking of Evil Dead happy Ash
Wednesday also fury road fury road is a
great sequel I will I will do all those
things yeah we will do all those things
oh also anonymous says rich Evans Devon
your game works as well as rich Evans
starring in your movie so then it would
work very well but that wasn't the joke
the joke is rich wouldn't know what he's
doing when he's developing a game maybe
you don't understand that's fine oh we
have another one yeah did you name
Frisco Jones already yep okay let's um
okay here's an easy one what what is
space cops real name do you remember I
remember the name before he was named
space cop his original name yeah
his original name
subscriber or no it doesn't matter
doesn't matter I didn't say I didn't
specify Joshua
saucy air oh I know you're gonna name
face cuts no that's right no no no
you're right you're right to do this so
Sierra s a you see ier Holden Holden
McKee
great
oh um let's see here like lion brain
says knock knock who's there
no you said knock knock
I don't know I don't know what you want
me to do with that there's nothing you
can't do with my client brain I'm
waiting for in the chat to see if you
say anything who's that who's there you
know that's what uh so what are the
losing conditions the next County what
do you mean how do you lose the game
next come one if somebody country's
dropped out you just lost the game what
are the losing conditions for XCOM -
that's a good question yeah I have not
discovered them yet
let's see here Rhine Ville Rhine Veloz
a I'm in oh uh Magic the Gathering
artists who has RL m and prereq vids on
often when I work
thanks for the streams the videos and
space cop a bad dummy's rule that's
right they do especially when they're
small bearded children well again you
think thank you for watching but I have
not crash since we're not kicked it down
to medium I think that might have been
ever that could have been it okay so
rich knock knock who's there
the interrupting are LM fan the
interrupting our alum fan who now we
have to wait Kevin says the Avatar
project and some Misha's some missions
are game ending okay have you gotten to
the Avatar project yeah which isn't that
far in I'm uh for anyone who knows the
Avatar project I am riding that line
between okay I I fucked myself with some
of my base upgrades I learned a lesson
and that lesson is I'm gonna lose the
game
I did not upgrade the right base thing
first yep
there's a there's a thing to upgrade in
your
Ace that lets you go to more places on
the map and I didn't choose to upgrade
that I made a mistake it might not be
too late jack
it might not be oh we have our guerrilla
tactics cool nice but I need another
engineer
you're available I need two engineers to
clear out a thing no you just need one
she's available
all right so I should be able to clear
the debris well no so open engineer
required you need to choose the engine
hours it doesn't make sense yeah
now you can click okay here's the full
knock-knock joke yeah
knock knock who's there the interrupting
rlm fan the intern wins the next player
review you hack tomorrow tomorrow I
don't know anyone you don't realize it
I've got all the information you want
tomorrow when it's that no you know what
I like why I do like this train
rookies as a specific class yes I
fucking love that anybody can do it it's
first things first I need someone size
up dance oh no shit
god dammit why didn't need sergeant you
need a surgeon to surgeon you need a
sergeant you know letting everybody get
captured in hindsight not the best move
not the best you learn you experiment I
could have listened to what people were
actually telling me no sometimes you
need to fail on your own I was curious
if clearing the map would be good enough
mm-hmm it's and by the way it looked
like it was right a bit on that very
last moment it did when none of your
soldiers got off you can explain hey
where are all my soldiers I won where
Dale go fucking impatient pilot one one
one third one they beat in a minute
maybe even a fucking minute and one was
dead I got my order I got my orders
ah you know there are many this is not
gonna be pretty
this is in general instant general no
it's not going to be pretty bow okay you
know it is I think
XCOM seems to me like a game that you
are meant to play over and over again
you know it's it's not just the game
where you know oh I beat the story and
everyone I know you know so failure is
built into that equation how many hours
do I have in the other one hey I think
what you're you're nine hundred and
ninety three hours is how much you have
original X go yeah if I'm not mistaken
you can't tell I love that game and
that's true Jigga laga 35 says you guys
the chat has fucked us before them in
past games they've given us bad this is
more I kind of had a feeling bad things
would happen but it was one of those
things where I want to see yeah I want
to see know what happened what's the
consequence I need to see we learned
through experimentation yeah this is
gonna end well you got all rookies
rookies all rookies oh yeah yeah that's
gonna be great it's gonna be fucking
great Jack I can't wait I can't fucking
wait oh look at all these fresh faces oh
look at all these corpses what do you
guys see a Gore dog future corpses
suture
so yeah you measured all the coffins
right you got over often let's take your
measurements before you leave it's
already wearing armor I just it's for
this later armor it's for paperwork what
tip did I skip over who did what
whose tip did I skip over hold on I'm
coming
who did I said love space crab horse
penis
Oh Lord bellman yeah you're right uh
what Dawn of the Dead is a sequel yeah
that's a legendary horror sequel
have you seen sergey oreo one of the
best movies of 2015 i can't even
pronounce it so nope but Donna the dead
that's that's a really good art there's
a really good argument to be made Oh
already activated well that's just great
no timer on this love on this level
though so take your time I like that
yeah cuz cuz Night of the Living Dead
was fucking classic this shut nice shot
wedge I like that doctor fector
the cost to recruit new people is high
mostly because it includes the
pre-purchase of diamond studded coffins
for every soldier you get this fancy new
coffin to go with them
