Episode 498
Generic Fantasy MADNESS (Dragon's Dogma)
April 7, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZHyER-QgbQ
___________________________________________

dude oh I do I really want to play
Firewatch I'm looking forward to playing
Firewatch I've heard nothing but good
things about it not tonight but soon
Chetty and no I do I do
Ritchie's gonna dragons for a little bit
Dragon's Dogma dragons Derek arisen
update great yes the game made of many
bad parts but still overall good yeah
I've been playing this a lot actually
yeah yeah I know that about you
you were you were hesitant to look look
it's your own and actually yeah look at
him here's a better look that's your
main slave yeah nice
all right plus y is what am I got going
on here have we straight no you know
what we've never streamed this we rich
and I started playing this as a first
four hours of it was a little bit too
interesting yeah and and we started to
get into it
we specifically after we climbed our
first Cyclops and started stabbing it in
the back of the fucking neck we realized
that this game might have a little
something to it so we switched from the
first four hours up to a full discussion
but uh no actually I don't think we've
ever streamed this this is Dragon's
Dogma the dark no residue what I'm gonna
change my class then we're gonna fight a
dragon let's go fight a dragon that
sounds fun let's go fight a dragon
something breaking up my my Strider
but I'm gonna fight a dragon I want my
ice sword oh sure sure no the the next
prereq is gonna be X come to da because
Donnell because it's X count to I think
I think Firewatch is just one that I'll
probably want to stream but right now
I'm in full X come to mode the only
thing I've been playing besides X come
to has been a crypt of the necrodancer
on my Vita and I'll be honest with you
that that is calling to me it's calling
to me a little bit more the next time -
just because it's crypt of the
necrodancer and it's great I forgot how
good those songs were there is no type
of witness review coming mostly because
we got busy with other stuff and you
know overall for me I became I became
less uh I became less violent towards
the witness where's like really my only
sticking point with the witness was
his price point you know that's that's
all that really bothered me is I don't
think it's worth $40 but he can charge
Jonathan Blow can charge whatever he
wants for it so if that's my biggest
gripe is I think it's too expensive then
I think that's a minor gripe you know
it's a simple puzzle game with beautiful
textures
let the man charge whatever he wants for
it so walking see me no no it's not a
walking simulator you you have to walk
to the next puzzles it has puzzles if
you like those kind of puzzles I would
have loved it if if it was on some sort
of mobile device take it into the
bathroom do a puzzle while you poop okay
great you know pick it up the next day
that would have been fine a five-dollar
app but you know whose pawn should I
bring to fight the dragon Jack I've got
a friends list oh hold on
Jack what do you think of paying $20 for
a three hour game opposed to $40 for a
game that lasts under well oh sure it's
just it's just not worth it to me if
it's worth it to you I I don't think
like the the amount of hours you get out
of a game doesn't always equal how much
the game is worth you know I got Team
Fortress 2 for 15 bucks and I'm close to
a thousand hours into it there are free
iPhone games that people have a hundred
hours in the price of the game doesn't
matter for that it's about it's about
the substance and I don't see the
substance there for the witness so
all right yeah the order 1886 was 60
bucks and what it took us eight hours to
complete it that's obvious that's that's
a scam does anybody recognize their
pawns be tricks anybody in the chat
because these are all people on my
friends list yeah people who in theory
could be watching sure which game has
rich play the most hours XCOM yeah close
to a thousand rich heads close to a
thousand I found right
yeah the order was a scam let's see here
is is any of these anybody's are these
anybody foam overpowered I can bring
beatrix here level infinity now would
just make things too easy
what's level infinity the capped okay
yeah yeah three here 79 yeah it's pretty
high
are you I'm 50 something 52 okay I try
to I mean it's they got a forty seven
forty two well the 47
you are something of a hateful prick me
that's everyone here yeah we're all kind
what do you what are you mad about no
you know it's just one of those things
where like again we're not taking away
any one else's enjoyment of the witness
well because we don't like a game that
makes us hateful hey fuck yourself they
might not have been talking to us they
might have been talking to someone else
okay but if that's what was going on go
fuck yourself
and grow a thicker skin right no not
okay not us not us okay thank you
Chernobyl kinsmen well see that's the
thing like the port like portal is a
short game right portal is a 10-hour
game very short game has a lot of
substance to it and the original portal
was part of a bundle of games like you
get in the orange box oh you got portal
you got three half-lives and you got
Team Fortress 2 for for 60 bucks you
know like so it was so much in that
orange box
keep an eye attend to the shadow this is
the dragon you said you fought before
ah no no I I ran into the Red Dragon I
don't think you've run into him again
until the end of the game Jack yeah I
ran into where are you can you pause and
show me your map uh-huh
well I guess maybe it was him no it
looked like that to me it looked like
the red dragon this is a normal garden
variety dragon oh well fuck whatever
this is a garden-variety dragon fuck
yeah
climbing the dragon trying to attack his
look trying to attack his wings do it do
it
Oh get out of these trees I can't see
what I'm doing you fucker
oh shit he's in the air is in the air oh
god oh shit oh oh Jesus God yeah I you
know I personally think the witness is a
little pretentious didn't find out what
those things do no but I cut them anyway
because it can't be good whatever it is
yeah I want you if you can just kind of
by walking through them but but you know
again like if you like the witness go on
and like it man do you do you everybody
who likes the witness I'm on fire there
there are people whom there are people
that there are people whose opinion I
respect who really like the witness and
they are free to do that without fire I
just didn't like you are on fire man you
gotta you got to not be on fire
yeah now cut its dick off slice it into
Jack what
yeah if you like the witness that's okay
by your honor no no everyone opinions
can't be wrong
opinions are never wrong if someone has
a good time playing the witness I think
we should kill all Germans because of
the last two world wars is that opinion
wrong where's that opinion right Jack
let me let me clarify my ow yeah you
deserved that I was making a point let
me clarify my stance opinions on
opinions on art how about that opinions
on art can't be wrong
Jebus sweet jeebus
and it's like i guess like you can think
anything you want as long as you don't
act on it so don't act on that rich okay
no I wasn't planning do it okay there we
go there you go
kill all Germans is not an aesthetic
reaction you know that's what I'm saying
Oh let's go fiend
see the help I brought she's too good
this isn't any fun this isn't any fun
it's just too easy look at we're just
beating on this dragon actually what I'm
OC that you know what that's why by the
way cuz the dragon says I am your master
did you just see him say that I think he
says that when he tries to take control
of the pawns oh and see like maybe
identified this one but then the dragon
kept saying I am your master so I
thought it was the end dragon I was like
oh I don't want to fight him yet wow so
I never fought him no he can take
control of your pawns yeah he grabs him
that's when they turn red he's doing
some gotta mojo okay yeah new key hunter
says I think transformers 2 is the
greatest film ever made Jack you are
free to have that opinion I disagree
with you but you are free to have that
opinion
I got nothing new dragon forged No
that's disappointing I'm sorry and I'm
sorry as I am now
I'm doing too many side quests because
I'm - I'm - leveled up I don't like it I
need to stop doing side quest even
though I enjoy the side quest so I don't
level up enough where are you in the
story I don't have I don't have a bar
that says what percentage complete ham
I just kept for Nivelle from going to
jail
I definitely been to the castle mm-hmm
the Dukes wife came on to me oh that
ended badly
how did it end she invited me to a room
at night oh nice yeah I went this was
like a quest thing well fuck it gotta be
a completion yeah listen I didn't like
the character I like Mercedes she's
great
or or it into the Duchess no no I don't
like snotty yeah she's annoying okay
more than snotty sure you want anyway go
after a room at night uh-huh then then
the Duke walks in damn ports damn right
yeah
you're hiding when the duke walks in but
they starts choking his wife what he
starts choking his wife like the death
okay when you intervened to help
she starts accusing you of breaking into
her room and then has you hauled off to
the dungeon what a coon I know what a
bitch and that was the end of the quest
that you did it there what that was the
end of the couple she comes to the
dungeon to gives you a skeleton key to
guide the dungeons I'm sorry yeah what a
bitch
yeah after the quest I walked back up to
a room and I I just kept her she ran
away she ran away screaming yeah and
then more guards came in and put me back
in the dungeon but it was worth it nice
and then after that the game completely
forgot that it happened and I can still
go into the castle and talk to the Duke
and everything sure so this is really
stupid mr. Jackson what a bitch sound
should be the new tip sound
get a clean recording of that also I
think I called her a cunt
so I think he's a bitch did you maybe I
might have called her a cunt I like this
I like the c-word it's the only it's the
it's one of the very few cuss words that
still holds some weight there is seams
just taking a nap - I don't think I've
ever seen more at rest
oh come here yeah oh nice many smells
yeah I've got the rusty bone that
doesn't do much damage but sometimes it
does this thing where it slows the
enemies down like you see him he's like
glowing he's moving slow yeah nice like
those Dourdan oh I'm so powerful right
now it's ridiculous I haven't really
done I've just done the whole all
possible side quests sure has got me
comically overpowered honestly I need to
switch over to hard mode I think yeah
yeah
cunt and near Duell are probably the
most vicious curse words you're right
near do well there do it no NER do L is
near do wallet
I've always I've always heard it in
their chats near or near do L oh you've
ruined my counter-attack Odin I'm
sitting waiting for a guy to attack me
don't don't
you're too good oh you're stabbing them
before encountering Irish yeah too much
new key says you're overpowered because
you aren't going forward in the main
quests that's how the enemy's level up
Aaron I've been enjoying the side quests
huh I've been enjoying the side quests
the world I'm just telling it and by the
way it's in there unless that's somebody
from like the Oxford Dictionary chiming
in
I don't care literally every single
person is saying there there do well
there do well short for never do I never
do out in there do well near the hair
there do well
you're all jerks well go go what's the
next story quest go together the next
story yeah we're heading over story the
next story I know the subway you're next
you're right by the stone golem or did
you find him in I fought them before I
liked them or was he acts up there I
fought him recently he might still be
dead okay but we'll check it out if you
go further there's two cyclopses and a
goblin fighting pit oh yeah yeah yeah
okay okay just go fucking dude I'm so so
tired of cyclones you're jack where's
your magic stone take you right back to
the thing take it right back to the
castles continue the story checking one
other thing around okay it's like a
sword in the stone where you can get
decent weapons oh yeah that respawn
every now and then effort use your stone
you don't like walking around do you
check huh you just don't use your stone
oh I'm fucking loved walking around but
now we got blood you just own you just
own your do you know you're playing the
game it's not my game we're not going to
tell you how to play and I move we got
to move why what's the rush oh it's time
to stand up I just stood up I'm good
what what it's a gift everyone knows
that there is there some gift gift talk
yes technically it's it's I am look I'm
a fan of of gift
yeah but gyeom and it says it's Jeff
decided it's out of cuz it's out of his
control it's out of his control popular
parlance wins he doesn't get to choose
he should have he should have made a
better effort to call it Jeff at the
beginning
okay so where are you the story yeah
hold on let's do some story a story this
shit out of it
okay
who did yeah you know oh is that the
Duchess uh-huh kick her again
no no you'll end up in jail okay um so
where are you in the story you're so
you're so overly concerned
why oh no so I was know just we're
getting we're good now yes sir mr. I'm
not patient at all in any way shape or
form
have you met me you know why I'm not
here here's where I am in the story okay
great they're there I'm there are you
happy I'm talking to who's is Aldous
Aldous isn't a name anymore fuck this
guy
like Mercedes
yeah the thing about that mayor Said's
not even think I've met Mercedes you
have okay yeah
no this is not X come to this is
Dragon's Dogma dark curries and rich
wants some more alone time with XCOM - I
have been playing for three hours I was
getting a break right so we're dragon
Xing
we're dragging listen James we're
dragons we're all up in the Dragons
I could kick you without getting
arrested I'd kick you too right this was
this was a ps3 and and xbox360 oh yeah I
remember this was originally out on the
ps3 and xbox360 recently ported over to
the PC no Jay was not here tonight I
mean he was he did not come to this room
though they're saying they like your
insult if I could kick you without
getting arrested I would kick you it's
just so to say to bitches um I don't
know if there are dungeons near the
Dragons but there are dungeons and I
like them I like the dungeons in this
game oh she does have a pink glow around
everything why is that high affection
you do quest for people there their
liking of you goes up or down oh so
she's all into you she's putting out the
pheromones she's like ooh ooh dad arisen
mmm
gets me all steamy in my undergarments
so what I gonna do now travel to win the
bluff tower
Oh didn't all right well you gonna guide
me or you just gonna stand there like a
fucking asshole
are we there are we there Odin I think
you have forgotten and by God you I mean
I will follow you that list
Odin is different everyone else makes
like an attractive hot woman which I
understand but if you're gonna have
someone following you around all game
yet just for variety I had to make the
eye ball one I like I'm thinking higher
of the hot chicks it's fine mmm that's
fine I'm with it the craftsman's quarter
oh there's the farmer he's farming some
shit
are there dogs in this game
wolves are there dire wolves there
fuckload of wolves like a there's a lot
of metric fuckton yeah one thing with
thorns' need a different Thord yeah I
need my sword by a thorn fun to the fire
sword my third is more powerful yeah say
this again where thorns are appropriate
appropriate use of thorns I prove we've
all fourth or fourth move down there
look down there nobody probably because
I killed them yesterday but oh there
they don't like ice oh that's almost no
fun I know
oh holy that one's blocking come on take
a swing take us at me take a swing at me
I'll fuck you I got the sweet
counter-attack and nobody wants to
attack me I'm so sorry
yeah I know I'm so sorry you know shit
happens
ah no I have not played battlefront in
quite some time my opinion has not
changed it's boring as fuck I guess I
could teleport to closer to the place I
need to be you know yeah I just wanted
to start the story like good I was just
I was just like I just go to the story
cuz you know and and I hate like where
you were and getting back to the castle
is it yeah oh yeah tedious walk so like
no no go ahead do you think food up
there some biddies one Hey Oh
they killed something without me
what is that that is neat is that a
black group did they burn a Griffin I
didn't know they could kill stuff well
that's fucking cool that's new
No oh it was burned by a dragon I get it
I get what's going on well that still
need that it's just hanging out there
see this kind of thing you just stumble
upon yeah
just walking around but you probably had
to progress the story to like make sure
double up on the ball but there's no
like go to the section with the check
mark and then you have the cutscene yeah
just walk around they're all there
what's going on here agreed agreed
cool I do also like that they're the one
dude to be like hey listen man don't
worry about this beast is dead already
and you're like I'm the fucking arisen
I killed three Griffins like yesterday
do you not know who I am
I kill the fucking dragon I don't know
you don't have TV they don't know who
the fuck you are they might have heard
of the arisen they certainly haven't
fucking seen them no less they seem like
a really accurate drawing somebody did
when you weren't looking
no no they don't know who you are well
fuck it tell them I'm here risen then
they all want autographs it's just a
pain in my ass you know yeah
no goblins oh yeah those fuckers think
about hitting me you're all set up for
your oh my god you could tell your bond
pawns to go away can you I could there's
our chat pawns so I mean like tell me
you know stay over there
they can develop bad habits can there
yeah
so I hear what it alights did you know
that wolves hunt in packs I did yeah
game could um to cut down on them saying
that so much yeah it reminds you that
wolves hunt in packs twice twice it
every time you see a wolf
how are you fucker Prez reach em right
now you're at about the level you're
supposed to kill a boss now and the
final boss
that's how yeah that's what level you're
right now oh my clothes they're story
wise cuz I've not been grinning I've
just been side questing right and
enjoying it I think I've hit every
possible side quest I could before I
continue on with the story except for
some of the like killed 70 Eve this time
I don't have I don't have all those done
yeah yeah
they say you're somewhat close to the
end yeah two thirds of the way to the
final boss there's no way we could have
lost that I turned that off after a
while mostly because I was recording
gameplay footage I turned off their
little subtitles it's oh the subtitle
something to see that I thought you told
them to talk less you can just turn off
the voice it turned down their voices to
which it helps to feel them makes them
feel less lifeless even even though
they're saying the same things feel for
fearful slugs boy says you know wolf
packs are heavily featured in The
Witcher 3 just saying and that's a shame
because the wolf packs are the worst
part about this game so now that you
told me that I know to avoid The Witcher
3 and pizza train says officially as of
12 a.m.
they are 35 wish me a happy midlife
crisis you fucks happy midlife crisis
beats of train
I mean like crisis more like 40s isn't
30s bit early from the 35 you know
what's the average you know 72 70 but
first the midlife crisis well the
midlife how long do you think you're
gonna live I'd love my the midlife
crisis to be at 50 what age do most
people have their midlife crisis I would
say late thirties yeah I've avoided it
well good mostly because I've made peace
the fact that I'm going to get old and
die very shortly from now I know I think
that's important understand that you're
gonna do I'm going to get older and died
yeah Oh blocking my shot appreciate you
throwing attention away but the camera
doesn't need to zoom in on your bald
head it happens and I can sympathize
than having a bald head that does mean I
want
look at it the average lifespan for a
man in this country currently is 76
years old so that would put your midlife
crisis right around now at what 38
mm-hmm 38 is is average midlife crisis
age and yeah I would assume that 38
maybe maybe early 40s I think people
really start freaking out when they're
50 yeah that's when they start losing
their marbles losing their goddamn
marbles well that's that's why they call
that's why they call it the crisis right
even though it's not technically the mid
whatever yeah it's a psychological thing
yeah for their Friday not a technical
definition meaning halfway through your
life okay Wow I guess whatever whatever
you just hope you're not one of those
people you know you buy a sports car or
whatever when you're 50 try to be young
and cool again I've never been young oh
maybe that's why I'm safe that I've
never been young or cool technically
I've been but emotionally I've always
been 50 I've always been a bitter old
man and I've certainly never been cool
sure maybe that's that's the the
greatest gift oh oh you missed it just
what oh oh I thought I was supposed to
go to this one I'm going to the wrong
tower yeah well fuck you think rich has
at least five good years ahead of her
yeah yeah I would say a midlife crisis
has to do with kids growing up and
leaving the house and feeling alone
that's empty nest syndrome
the back I think made me feel old yeah
yeah oh yeah that would do it once it
once you know you hit that age when your
body stops you know behaving there's a
lot of there's a lot of people who deal
with empty nest syndrome especially like
if you're a like a stay-at-home mom or
say it home dad and that's just like
your life and all the sudden your kids
they're not around anymore you don't
take care of anymore you don't have it's
it's like losing your job it's like
people who were you know employed with
the same company for 20 years but I've
been working here all my life I don't
know anything else and then they freaked
out too I was rich doing with XCOM we
played it for three hours all right rich
learned some valuable lessons and all of
us got to learn those lessons via proxy
I basically had a squad white because I
want her to see largely because I wanted
to see what would happen once the timer
ran out right I don't like that timer I
hate the timer yeah
wait who you supposed to fight purple is
always bad Purple's bed it's nothing
it's nothing I need to level down
nothing how do i level down see what's
happening over here
I'm like some drifting away from me
you could change you could try a new
class just you know you're leveled up
but you could you could pick a new class
that's not so leveled up well I don't
like the mages I'm never gonna be any of
the mages hmm
magic can go suck a dick yep
oh yeah you could fight naked that
sounds awful well you know there you're
asking for a ways to make or you could
play in hard mode well he can't die so I
guess I just have to keep going on it
hardware might be it I might be of
something I'm gonna do yeah I don't know
I don't know I like fighting naked now
no that's something I wore a weaker
armor maybe that I'm not fighting naked
that's just stupid
oh I think it's funny
I'm sorry what
just kill him already
oh god I hate this story I just like I
want you to progress because I want to
see what happens and it's like I wanna I
want more things for you to do I've
already read spoilers in the ending
because Mass Effect 3 yeah yeah Oh a
bleeding she-goat nice
rich the timer is there so you can't
overwatch and crawl your whole way
through the game like an enemy unknown
yeah but it's not fun it's taking a fun
game and it's made it stressful and
annoying it makes it challenging but not
fun you've replaced you've had a
challenge which is good but you've taken
away fun which is bad
observe the duel what that's your your
mission right now observe the dole is to
observe the duel good I suppose I could
interfere but she'll be like unhappy
maybe less she dies she mind I'll be
unhappy yeah what a weird mission
I prefer this to a cutscene though you
know it's like it's a game it's weird
that it's a mission though you should
get naked for observing the duel and
this bag o is just weird
is this weird for you guys this is do it
give me a kiss yes now get naked I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna take off my
pants but you know I don't want you guys
to worry about it okay oh yeah no I'm
just getting comfortable I just want to
get comfortable for the duel just tell
my man he's taking off my pants and
everything else this is quite a duel
it's quite a duo now I can see
everything now I can see everything yes
not weird not weird you guys are doing
great
hit him hit him a little harder just see
what happens yeah you guys are doing
great
this is totally my fetish right oh my
god
find a new tactic bro doesn't seem to be
working look at the floating Lantern
hanging on his boner man
Oh
oh he just called her a slut oh wow that
was hurtful my hands are here his fine
you now you gotta fight him he's just a
dickhead you can't have dickheads living
in your kingdom nope this is an exciting
question is it no the answer is No
look
oh here you go you get to choose he
fucked up your lady friend but you know
he's not doing much to you that's what
he basically said
Wow so did I do something wrong is she
supposed to lose that duel I can only
assume she's supposed to I mean you
probably could have interjected but like
you said then she probably would've got
mad at you
maybe she was too distracted by my naked
body I'm just saying that was that was
an in-game mechanic it's like if your
character gets naked Mercedes loses
she's not coming stay in your full armor
that could be
she hates you she hates you if you
interfere
yeah okay but now you can go fuck him up
she say anything else no
yeah yeah now you go kill him Oh
I don't care I care a little Jack I care
a little
really it's a fuck off I just don't
what no I got a thing the other thing
basically she's just saying I suck I
know I suck all these people think I
suck here's the thing if you guys can't
hear the game or can't read the text
that's what she was saying she's gonna
give up knighthood to stream hearthstone
on Twitch yep that's basically what she
said she's gonna become a she's gonna
become a twitch streamer doing nothing
but hearthstone it's kept calm Earth's
only hearthstone is it all I can only
seem hearthstone as a what could be a
self-referential thing - I don't know no
no I think that's just an olden term in
the hearthstone capcom loves sulfur
referencing I think self references I
think hearthstone is a blizzard thing
isn't it she gives you her sword did she
give you a sword yes she did
there you go you got a sword now you got
a Ford yeah hearthstone is uh is
Warcraft
so that's Blizzard is it that's what
they're saying I don't know I don't
really think about hearthstone other
than it exists though they're saying
it's a Warcraft thing yeah what do you
want
that is painful
all right I guess the stream is done
then I I don't know the line I don't
know what I was expecting or it's just
like I hate I have always hated the
story but it's like I may be you know
rich is far enough where something is
happening but not gonna biddies and they
dueling and you gotta you gotta watch
them duel I had a massive storyline
Griffith fight a little while ago yeah
see that would have been fun I was
expecting something fun but like the the
you're at the part of the story where
they say okay we want to watch you have
to watch other people have fun watch
other people do could have interfered I
chose not to yeah yeah the fault is my
own yeah okay great I just wanted to
kick that guy's ass
and I couldn't it was kind of him it's
kind of sad yeah kind of sad
he kicked the ass of your lady but she
didn't want you to interfere rich no I
know she was your lady if you wait in
this game for five hours and do nothing
the aliens from ex-con descend and Eris
joins you my uncle told me well let's
try that right now I said five hours
okay here we go sit here quietly him
watch
you just walk around in the background
Oh something exciting happen we didn't
see the end of it oh please chatter oh
my god man batter up the hatches watch
the right flank and I'm just standing
here which is just noises banging edge
shields I did this every once in a while
with my pawns just let the pawns take
care
alright fuck it get out of here
peace bitches pawns are forbidden from
entering the castle alright great babe
um it's almost time to stand up again
oh yeah no let's be done let's uh let's
find our twin Eicher yeah I'm getting
out of this organ godless if I go to the
trencher gate you forget that it's we
eat you so stupid soup I'm game that
Kevin from Firaxis ever answer why they
changed the design on the SEC Dodds I
don't think there was a specific answer
I mean okay I'm sure I'm sure it's just
as easy as we need we need and we need
new monsters keep it on your I told you
about that XCOM reboot earlier the bad
one
yeah they eventually finished it they
almost candid yeah but once the enemy
unknown got really popular like well
let's do it yeah and when you originally
when they were making it they said no
snow sectoid so we don't anything corny
like that
no sectoid and then XCOM enemy you know
got really popular we need sec x in this
game all of the sector for a sec tides
put them in because originally in the
the videos for the reboot was like these
weird for most jelly aliens weird shit
all those classic goofy aliens put them
in any bother them well then they're
saying they explained it in the game and
they do explain it in game why the
sector's look different you still have
you can still have regular sectoid to is
grunts you can still have you got both
of course again yeah and you
they don't need to be all game but maybe
maybe even just even the tutorial level
or the first corpse a lot
it says jacket rich what's the one movie
you can always watch as a noise in the
background a movie Star Trek the motion
picture it's probably the best one yeah
the lego movie hmm stop stop my head
yeah and I am not much of a movies or TV
shows in the background I cuz I watch
them noise in the background I have a
whole bunch of TV series it's just on a
playlist yeah so it's in that really
movie this is just a variety of
different shows from Star Trek to
Venture Brothers okay yeah and I don't I
can't do anything like that or else I
get too distracted I I'm - I'm too
addicted to TV if there are flickering
images I'm watching them I last 1984
Bane 1-1 3-8 said let me make sure
there's no scroll up he oh my god the
other harm oh my god Oh Sunday it's
Valentine's Oh also we are not streaming
on Sunday makes sense heads up everybody
we know stream on Sunday - ok telegin 18
months in a row
uncool eight-man 16 months in a row moon
front 15 months in a row
Lloyd beets 17 months in a row Bunga
Doug then you said Bane 1 1 300 well
bunk got Doug 17 months in a row yeah
Spain yep my name is tape Shrike Eakins
right yeah shrike'd chickens chickens
I was Mike 13 months in a row
just shot 17 months in a row just shots
I don't know if I've ever seen your name
before but you've been subscribed for 17
months vaguely familiar to me
Josh ops G shops yeah shots shots
goosh all right gu shots shots no idea
no fear no Envy 12 months in a row the
big one - hello - hello Draco 18 balls
in a row
hello my ragtime yeah striker one one
two one part of us is next 19 months in
a row while eh - Oh 17 months in a row
soon Andy one fucking shoe babban voice
my name is dog Dan John Alden Fox and
dr. Rufus and that's all the names thank
you for subscribing really appreciate it
it's true II really do I didn't hit the
cancel button fast enough for it to be
funny it's
