Episode 499
XCOMmunicable disease (Part 1)
April 8, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJPtWuyKdc4
___________________________________________

something I go interview I've gotten
used to tablets Jack this is what I want
to do you can't do that oh I can't let
me see do you oh my god
corn corn corn corn hello everybody
welcome
it begins welcome welcome
it is riches here with special guest
star doctor Sikkim ich hoffe you might
notice that I'm wearing a ridiculous
face mask and Jack's serial killer I
know I'm wearing a quite ridiculous face
mask because I am very very ill and I
will be in close proximity to rich and I
don't feel like getting my good friends
think it's very considerate I'm trying
I'm trying to be considered you know
it's more than I would have done mostly
because I wouldn't have thought of it
well there you go but there you go so
welcome welcome everyone for coming we
are playing ex-cop more importantly Jack
is playing XCOM this is my current game
I can't I can't make jokes considering
my my poor showing the first stream if
there's been there's been improvements
the first frame was combat was comically
awful sure which which hurt as an ex-con
veteran with with like a thousand hours
and in uew and then I was a little
simpler with better the second story
moving great you know I got to redeem
myself there's gonna be another other
ex-con to stream oh absolutely
absolutely I've made improvements here's
my one problem so far is a so you know
we're playing on the couch as we
normally do and I'm using the steam
controller for the first time and I
can't press the steam button to change
my
team no key configs are you are you sure
you're in big picture mode I was if we
get kicked out a big picture yeah you
know I guess like I'll just make this
work more important like I just want I
just want to hit the shift tab or shift
all sure if wasn't shift shift shift can
dig up
yeah but now look I can't I still can't
customize my keys alright that's weird
right that is weird well alright well
I'm not gonna worry about it you can use
the mouse um no we'll see if this works
yeah if I get tired of it okay so I have
to this is this is a mission I'm
currently on in which I have to kill all
the enemies and retrieve all the goodies
so I cannot blow up any crates well you
can if it gets to me if it's a choice
between blowing up a case and people
dying yeah blow up the case absolutely
do you have to learn to take losses next
come yet to make that you have to make
the hard decisions sometimes sometimes
it's in your best interest to abort sure
oh I had a fucking epic I'm calling the
terror missions because that's kind of
what they were in the last game but the
the the retaliation mission they like
attack the the group of survivors oh oh
yeah yeah I had I had I had a fail but
it was an epic fail okay I had this one
ranger who got caught in a bad position
she was up ahead and she was flanked and
there was there was a couple of muta
mutants
there was a berserker there was some of
those faceless guys oh yeah she was
gonna get fucking mauled uh-huh and I
just said the hell with it I'm not I'm
not winning this anyway one other person
had already died so I went to abort and
because she had already made her move I
put the extraction zone on top of her
and I got her out and then I'm thinking
okay the next turn my other group they
can't quite make it to the extraction
zone I'll rush the next turn okay and
then somebody got shot and they panicked
okay oh no I don't want to lose that
character and then they fucking panics
like I could I couldn't get everybody
else to the extraction zone and then
people more people started dying and the
only one that was left was my my
second Ranger my hero rager huh and it
was like one against ten there was like
two mutants and everywhere everyone I
talked about earlier was still why he's
like I couldn't kill shit uh-huh and he
took them all on single fucking handed
like nice
I had the that one perk that that gives
you the free sore head when somebody
goes in close to you to melee oh no he
took out fucking everybody that charged
him instead of shooting the mutants
charged him to do their their melee he
killed both of those fuckers
he killed the Berserker I used my
shotgun to take out the mech then he
killed two more of those those fucking
stun Lancer guys everybody if I can took
out everybody single-handedly it was
epic but I still failed the mission
because like all of the civilians died
oh but it was great taking my time
taking my time here as this game as
buggy as people Clank
well damn near every game that comes out
on PC and consoles because they can just
download patches now didn't used to be
the case every game has its bugs I have
had many crashes I have had zero crashes
since I turned the the graphical
settings to medium okay so I I suspect
there's some kind of graphical settings
that isn't playing well with people's
systems being my guess but I could be
wrong yeah and for me I I'm already
playing at the lowest settings and you
know I don't have a gaming computer a
gaming Mac we've talked about that and
so I'm already playing at the lowest
graphics and what whatever oddities I've
had an event a few has been nothing game
breaking
I had one weird glitch where my
grenadiers just her animations all
stopped Oh
so instead of like walking to the other
end of the map she'd just teleport and
she was like frozen at the rest of that
mission
uh-huh but I could still use her
normally yes there was zero animations
that's weird that was did they fix the
final level from corrupting I I'm not
quite there I know I'm very close
so I we're willing to save scum I'd
probably even beat it by now I'm
certainly not save scumming yes I am
just rich does XCOM to get my seal of
approval yes it wasn't at first at first
sorry that's it hmm at first my first
experience of the XCOM 2 was like
getting punched in the face by uh by my
lover oh hi I'm waiting for you to come
home oh wow stop hitting me wow it was
like domestic abuse oh then we had
makeup sex
Oh so yeah it's all good it's all good I
would sure I'd love to be able to rotate
my camera you know what steam controller
you're not doing me any favors right now
is is com2 longer um that's hard to say
because you can you can delay you can
even take your sweet-ass time and enemy
within so if you rushed through enemy
within maybe it's a lot shorter feel
about the same X come to maybe a little
if not longer at least there's more to
the story missions than just the simple
one or two three things you had to do
just waiting I'm pretty positive there's
gonna be some enemies right over here
and I am taking my time
you know why that's what you do mm-hmm
mm-hmm play it cool
take your time overwatch
there's no timer on this mission which
means I am taking my sweet-ass time you
know a supply raid
yeah supplier yep this whole this whole
ambush system which I know is new to
XCOM to can be so incredibly satisfying
if you if you can do it right and kill
everyone in one fell swoop
oh my god it's the greatest right tell
me why shoe and one true god says hi
guys
I might have asked this before somehow
but is there a way to get space cops
signed if I send it in the mail with
five dollars for shipping I forgot to
ask before it was shipped and received
email email us about that emails about
that not the one to talk to
that's not my is not my department the
question is rich so I got my snipers up
here right a lot of my people are
injured and so this mission I have I
have a ranger three snipers and two
specialists yeah you know I have no
heavy weapons guy which is really cuz
all of them were injured snipers are
nowhere near as good oh no I know but I
got this one I got that's that was my
team do you think if I just keep my
snipers perched up here do you think
they can reach guys over here yeah yeah
okay last one side by default I default
yeah I know and this guy over here has
you won't long sight you won't see them
if they pop ups go to your right if they
pop up like behind that
over there right you're fucked yeah I'm
hoping they're not over here
what do you have for grenades everyone
has a grenade except for one of my
specialists says the he'll perk
do you have stun grenades they have the
flash grenades no investor flash thanks
what if they disorient things I I'm I'm
not 100% sure if they we can aim I think
they do but they definitely they
definitely slow things down they can't
move his farm and anything that has like
a special power they use they just flash
bangs disable at least for one turn many
of like the special powers like the the
sec toys when was they been disoriented
from the flash grenade sure they can't
do their mind powers whoo I don't think
he well I don't know what you've seen
yet I'm not sure how far you are but
there's things that enemies can do that
they can't do when they've been
flattening oh sure okay was I talking
about I have no idea
I completely forgot what I was talking
about that's okay are you talking about
oh the donation we had we had a couple
donations like when we weren't streaming
I'm gonna read those no because what
what is that rich well that's a new
thing what the fuck is that it's a new
thing he's a walking living jetpack he's
a living jetpack yeah what the fuck
look at that thing few days ago hot
deficit last week wildlife preserve says
that freedom planets stream nearly
killed jack nearly killed me too yeah
that front that was a great one that was
that was Don Wilson well is it yep
distephano 87 said I have enjoyed so
many of your streams
unfortunately Wednesday and Sunday
nights do not agree with my work
schedule so hoping good to get to
partake in some tonight but I must go
cut scenes for life baby use some of it
okay so here we go so much nuki
DeStefano 87 who was barely here tonight
says rich jack is aliens better than
Terminator 2 I go back and forth in this
lot which would you rather see a
legitimate sequel to Terminator 2 is
good but I'm not the biggest fan I
actually prefer the original Terminator
sure and meanwhile aliens is one of my
favorite movies so I'm going with aliens
that's a tough this is a tough call
aliens vs. Terminator 2 because aliens
is very different than alien and alien
is one of my favorite movies of all time
like alien is a movie that I really love
on you know it's it's a slasher movie in
space yes aliens is better than
Terminator 2 if we are to judge them
only as sequels that's what I will say a
lien if you look at just a Lian's vs.
Terminator 2 as sequels to their
original films aliens is better okay
that's better all around yeah that's
beep right before I read that donation
who was somebody said in the regular
chat I heard was too much Dookie it
scrolled up I can't say any more was
asked me about the alien design if I
liked the design and the new floater
technically because it's got a different
name I don't think it's a floater like
like like in the previous games
technically sure is that that thing I'm
looking at is that called before there's
there's something that flies in the last
game yo that's a living jetpack with
arms that's called a floater sure they
look entirely different and they other
than floating they behave entirely
different so I'm not willing to call it
the same enemy sure I will say in
general as much as I'm liking the game I
love the game a lot I don't so far I
don't like any of the alien designs
I think I think what the original
when I say the original XCOM I'm not
talking about X comment this way this is
gonna work right so uh I think the one
thing the original has over this game is
just I think all of the enemy designs
are a lot better and enemy Unknown /
enemy within sure I have a plan I have a
game plan here okay and then the
donation yeah yes mr. sister Fister says
so scientists observed the effects of
two black holes collided my question is
what advice would you would would give
to a young lady without health insurance
who suffers from the occasional vaginal
pearls got to get on that Obamacare
gotta get on that Obamacare and I'm
assuming you're in the United States
because you don't have health insurance
this wouldn't be an issue in any other
civilized country you've got to get on
that Obama gotta get on that Obamacare
okay all right here's here's the plan
here rich yep
so now these are two enemies that I can
see two big old M&A; this one I know he's
got grenades fuck him this one I can
only assume does some seriously
fucked-up shit this is the joy of
discovery Jack yeah yeah well I'm hey
I'm not gonna tell you what no tiser no
no don't so but so here's here's my
ambush plan yeah I got a sniper up here
on the roof of course I've got a sniper
over here on what is essentially a roof
to roofs all within firing this do they
all have line of sight
they all have line of sight and they put
so the plan is hmm put two of them on
overwatch mm-hm
put all of these motherfuckers on
overwatch and then have the third sniper
fire at one of these guys they start
running everybody fires do you have we
have grenades
I have grenades you could do three
damage on each which is ooh so what
you're saying is putting them up so
maybe that the snipers can can get them
before they run into cover but all the
snipers on overwatch
yes then have hooba d you bet he could
throw a grenade at them could you throw
a grenade at them let's just test this
out probably need to get closer man I
need to get closer
okay hold on let's see you can where can
I move over you know
your programs how do we feel about Dark
Souls 3 getting a season pass yes every
fucking game is doing that now ok they
don't they don't call it a season pass
but I think XCOM basically had the same
thing just 3 DLC he's coming out he
could buy when you when you bought the
game I think it was anywhere near as
much as like the $50 but I think they
did some similar okay
it might not put the Ranger on overwatch
you don't think shotguns my Ranger has
the rifle alright alright because I
haven't upgraded the shotgun yeah Ranger
it's like I could move the Ranger a
little closer and put him on overwatch
yeah maybe I'll do that just to get a
better a better fighter a couple extra
points long watch and let's watch let's
see what happens the shit hit the fan
let's see what happens here we go it's
happening
you shredded the armor that's always
good did some damage oh we were a real
hole
one dance one damage there you go there
you go
missed all you fuck what have anyway
other snipers did you check to make sure
they had line-of-sight doesn't everyone
have line of sight
if there's something blocking them they
won't see it you have to make yeah they
they had they had shots
they both had 70% shots don't know what
so what the fizzy fuck oh that's fucking
nothing
still life fucking nothing still alive
hey hey what are you doing you already
made your move
see look yeah they I mean they still
have one nobody's dead no nobody's dead
what he's dead nobody's dead ok ok ok
plan of action here plan of action Oh
Showbiz Pizza vs. snipers require the
long watch perk take overwatch shots you
do have that only one of them well then
of course they didn't take the shot I
found it and overwatch they're not gonna
they're not gonna the squad side only
works in overwatch if you have that
purse which I always take I didn't think
of it oh well then there you go yeah
yeah then there's my problem there's my
problem right there ok now we got some
nuts that's my fault I didn't think of
that because I always take that bug sure
sure no that's the perk to take haven't
I haven't been again I haven't play
around with cyber's I've ever heard some
people online say they like them the
handgun the grinch like the quick-draw
one is nice because if there is an enemy
within sidearm range you do the
quick-draw and get like a - two points
down then you fire your sniper rifle and
get them the rest of them
I'd rather bring an extra Grenadier
absolutely but then you get such an
situations like this we're in all of
your I would rather have a Grenadier I
would rather have a Ranger I think I
think it's Grenadier sure is that
Grenadier I don't know but I'm I don't
know the Grenadier is a word
I don't know that grenadier is a word
grenadine is something that you put in
mixed drinks chat grenadine or
hmm okay hold on I have not decided what
I'm doing here yet the gunslinger
snipers are great but when you don't
have upgraded pistols they suck ball I I
had one with a with a mag pistol and I
thought he was I liked his character but
I wasn't overly impressed with his
damage-dealing by the way would you look
at this yeah 70% they get a defensive
bonus for being in flight it's
considered some kind of form of
maneuverability 70% that's the advantage
of being in the air that's a point-blank
shot right there what what the fuck do
you want me to tell you we're all saying
I'm right by the way what rich is
correct which Grenadier yeah Wow okay
I'm gonna believe you and the chat
together okay let's see if I can take
this guy out first with a sniper my
snipers have a see a 74% shift anyway we
can let's see if we can take this guy
out with a sniper okay Fusco 27 says hey
guys have you seen any other Neal Breen
movies I saw faithful findings the other
day and it might actually be better than
double down also any plans on streaming
fire watch this is the first I've ever
heard of fire watch so there's no
current play oh you don't know about no
fire fire watch is on my list of things
that I really want to play it
Firewatch was a game that if you if you
don't remember it we of course you
thought you might not
we saw it during the PlayStation III and
it looks
Firewatch looks very similar to the
witness big bright orange II backgrounds
you remember like a guy was looking at
like a watchtower in the woods and
and with talking to someone on a radio
oh it looks amazing
I know it's it's a game I'm not sure if
I actually remember that or if my brain
is tricking me into thinking I remember
that it's a game I really really want to
play I don't know if it's stream worthy
I was gonna play it though my plan was
okay but uh that's up to you guys what
do you think could be streamable I'm
gonna be playing this for the next year
and a half well there you go which has
the memory of a brain traumatized
goldfish or maybe it just wasn't that
memorable see if we can take care of
this mute down here
I don't want to waste all my grenades
here
apparently there's people who weren't
sure the start of the stream every time
someone do yes into the chat why is Jack
worrying that on his face Jack I was out
of town this weekend which is why we
didn't stream on Sunday and we were we
were actually planning a makeup stream
on Monday but I got terribly terribly
ill and I'm still just getting over it
and I know it's contagious cuz I know
who I caught it from and so I am doing
my best to protect the fragile rich
Evans from my germs because I mean look
we're in very close quarters we're
breathing the same air and coughing if
you wear masks like this you can spread
there stop the spread of a lot of germs
if you are in close quarters with other
people I'm trying to be nice it's very
thoughtful Thanks it's psychosomatic
this there's no way I didn't get sick
that can be really really fucking
fast-acting virus of that woman no yeah
and that's not that's definitely not the
case but uh I'm being nice to my friend
rich because I don't want him to get
sick because this is it's it's just a
cold and you end up coughing and just
tired a lot I spent all of yesterday
sleeping and for someone who works for
themselves
you just you cannot take a sick day and
I took a sick day yesterday and I felt
like garbage and I hated it just a Fano
87 ritual room I'll give you another $10
if you could explain why deep space 9 is
the best Star Trek remember Sisko Dax
odo
cot maggiorin z-- and I guess O'Brien
was there yes 9 fine show hmm I'm not
gonna call the best are the rest are
Trek is next gen mmm the next best Star
Trek
next-best do I go do I go original
series or do I go deep space night the
only Star Trek that matters to me isn't
it is next chance just cuz the iconic
characters I guess I'd even put TOS next
but this night well it's quality a lot
of quality characters do cotton the best
villain in all of Star Trek but it's not
really somatic Lee it's not a Star Trek
show really like Star Trek the thing is
you think of is this hopeful message
that humanity is conquered it's problem
and things are gonna be good we're gonna
make it to space good things are ahead
yeah conquered Oliver from deep space 9
is this fucking galactic war
double-crosses people hate each other
and you know what the patterns aren't
that fucking interesting they're boring
they've got a stupid nose in a shitty
religion the blue Jordans do have that
kind of like Star Trek makeup
we're like got bumps on there know what
can we make our actors wear that look
kind of alien but they won't mind
wearing all the time we gotta have a lot
of them we can't do it into fish no no
put some bumps on the nose yes good
enough that's the perfect way to
describe all of the Bajoran
oh okay so I'm goo Singh the system a
little bit here so you know this the
game has fog did the first X come have
fought before yeah okay so it has the
fog of war but I know that like here's
the edge of the map here and I got
dropped on this edge of the map here's
this edge of the map right so I kind of
area and here's this age so I kind and
figured that there was nothing over here
okay
oh you can't find things that are left
huh oh no no like there's there's plenty
left I'm sure I've only killed two
enemies yeah but I you know what I'm
doing is I'm letting everyone know my
thought process so when I fail horrible
oh okay they can they can know what I
was thinking when I failed horribly and
so this is the edge of the map so I'm
assuming that everything is over here
everything is to is to my upper right
and so when I move forward that's kind
of where I'm gonna go from now on all
right gobbledygook says jacket well soon
until then in your best Bane voice can
you look at the camera and say no one
cared who I was until I put on the mask
from DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free fucks no one cared who I was until
I put on the mask
oh that Bane I don't know no that's um I
don't know what I thought that was just
Batman way to me I guess maybe that's is
that bad
from DC maybe that's from DC Universe
Online somebody says that no like Bane
is from DC Universe Online well okay
you don't necessarily know that he's the
one who said that sure Lando mawari 88
says hey guys I have a baseball signed
by Neal Breen hey I ran into it at Vegas
51s I ran him into him I ran into him at
a Vegas 51s day
if I send it to rlm with return postage
would you guys sign it and mail it back
cheers and go Cubs no because you said
go Cubs oh snap burn fuck shit fuck any
any requests about sending us stuff
aside I don't know the call on that
email us email us someone else get back
to you I discovered the enemies to say
yes the name is everyone's gonna send
his crap sign then we have to make sure
I I wash my hands of it
wash your hands wash my hands of wash
him I had a great plan here rich what
happened huh what happened I was gonna I
assumed all the bad guys were over here
in this area and so I was starting to
move my team slowly that way of course
and I moved my sniper over and boom
they're all down here of course and all
my guys are way up here and my two
Snipes are just sitting over here like
bunch of jackasses here's here's an
option I already took a fire is then is
that sniper vital this one the one
that's flanked are they both linked
they're both planes yeah and no one else
can get over there in time
um can you at least shoot one of them to
death I tried do you have a hacker uh I
do oh you can you hack droids I don't
know if Ohno I think I bought I have
both of my heal specialist right now but
you don't you didn't take the hacking
George Burke I have I have one
specialists that's a combat and one
specialist that's a heal and usually I
went straight down the line heal huh you
went straight down the line here with
Thomas right I think I was experimenting
this my first time playing well maybe
it's fun like just cuz I have an opinion
on something minutes the old a right a
bit well no and what about what I really
like is on a mission and now I can have
six guys on a mission mm-hm
take one attack specialist one heal
specialist one heal specialist just
hangs back heals the team when they
needed over watches watches their six
and the attacker does the attacking
fuck nuts basically someone is about to
die is the meril of the story oh I could
I think I could eat him I could eat him
why is Jack who was coughing
periodically wearing a mask cuz he felt
like it I just thought it would be silly
as a fashion statement he's trying to
bring it in I thought it would be really
silly yes Jack does not have a shotgun
specialist yes Haley says a reason yeah
cuz right now I don't have an upgraded
shotgun but I do have an upgraded rifle
and so my shotgun specialist has a rifle
I can't look at this I could take a 45
percent shot at him which I might do
we'll see we'll see how good of
positions I can get my other guys in
nothing g-shot says get well soon jack
rich any info on the new commentary
tracks from rlm love to hear you guys do
a commentary track for tremors but all
of them have been very entertaining
thanks again oh good I have no official
words on anything yet I'm sure we'll do
some at some point no the cactus is
great cover
it's fine it's fine any cover that isn't
high coverage just worthless and and
there's not much of it to go around this
this game loves putting low cover spread
out there's one little tiny it's all
covered thing here there oh oh man nice
shot nice shot
capital that was a capital shot oh here
we go
61% chance I could kill one guy mom 61
that's not guaranteed oh no it's not
guaranteed but I could even theory yes
in theory I could and I put my protected
drone on that lady guy whoever that
person is you doing it jack
you're doing it I could be doing it does
your does that one sniper do you still
have patient use the pistol no okay all
right ready and I upgraded my sniper
rifles so let's go come on dice roll you
did that thing boom turbo Jesus my pesos
richer Jack could you please draw your
interpretation of an average rlm fan
keep up the okayish work you're all fine
people what you already sick yeah I
think you know much much like us the
average rln fan oh thanks oh nice see
that's that was a perk that I got for
them the retaliation that guy just
marked me he didn't even shoot me and
just for marking yes that's actually
pretty nice just for marking it took a
shot at her
it's oppression but that doesn't hurt me
fuck it up take it saver Mao says
speaking of a Street Fighter 5 have you
tried those really really old Sierra
online / walt disney games from 1984
1986 you're available for free where the
original programmers website I'm not so
sure that the original Sierra games are
free where you might be downloading them
illegally somewhere they're very small
files in the very old games probably
easy to find but we've stream some of
the classic serie games before we have a
very popular police quest stream oh yeah
I'm not familiar with any classic Disney
games later and except for Scrooge
McDuck doesn't even suck my cock look
Scrooge McDuck is the only thing that
Disney is done right that in the marvel
cinematic universe Lord Belmont says
have you ever heard any of the Lisa oh
yes I have at least a lamb incident from
2013 but it is mysterious debts what
people think way too much into the
creepy details and assume that things
prop assumed things that probably aren't
there it's it's definitely creepy
have you heard you should they found her
a knob oh you have taken I think we're
talking about another street Nina go
ahead bring it up this is a happy XCOM
stream well murdering things left and
right but I need to talk about Lisa yeah
murder and Ribbit's over at Lisa I'm not
even sure he's gonna stand outside of
covers oh he's doing suppressing fire
it's fine okay and I think I can take
him out with because that should stop
his suppressing fire Oh yep there we go
and now this person has a flank on him
and there's no other enemies that I know
of so I was willing to take that risk
you need to realize no I have not seen
Deadpool yet
I would like to same goes for me I would
really like to
there was a good debunker video about
ELISA Lam video on YouTube well I like
the bunking look whoo-hoo I like
debunking what started a boat though
there's just like a lot of mystery so
that it's probably less debunking and
more just like here the facts she's a
woman who had some kind of psychological
issues I think as far as everything else
involved with her death there's not
really that I know of conspiracy issues
it's just a lot of weird things so I
could have taken a sniper shot but my
sniper shot was actually less accurate
than my pistol shot your sniper rifles
are great at close range right and so
what I just did there and in this game
they're not great at long range either I
just an elite strategy they're reloaded
my sniper rifle and now I'm gonna take
the pistol shot good because he's only
got one yeah pretty sure
and it's 97% so I'm really hopeful day
thank you for hitting that 93% oh yeah I
think for the first time like literally
in in like years of playing these new
games uh-huh I missed my first 99% shot
mmm the other day no that was fine
there's like old finally say I've been
really lucky
up until now because that has never
happened before and I've got a thousand
hours in sure you're starting to think
that ah no everything's fine all the
time you need to reload - lets just take
a moment and let's just reload it
everybody you know no enemies on screen
except for you why don't you come over
here well no no no no
let's get everyone else ready first you
need to reload you need to reload let's
just take come on we're just gonna
reload rough macmillan terry says yes
I'm a little behind here but finally saw
space cop epic work epic work guys worth
all the weight particularly like the
rich cabins in ski look well I'm gonna
say more spoilers yep cuz spoilers but
we know what you're talking about and we
like it too
I actually kind of like you up here and
you can take you can see over there
actually I want my other sniper to be up
here okay I'm not saying anything
because my other sniper has the long has
the long watch and so if they go up here
I'm assuming all the enemies are over
here there's still more enemies to be
had they're all over here so if my other
sniper is up here he'll be able to do a
long overwatch and take shots all the
time okay
forever so this sniper do what you must
I'm this is my plan the sniper is going
over here
VAR er 77 says hey guys nothing much to
say besides thank you for several years
of entertainment via half in the bag
best of the worst and previously
recorded keep it up please and thank you
I noticed you listed previously recorded
last oh snap last huh I completely
understood I'm surprised you listed it
at all let's be honest
coo coo cachoo please no space kappa
spoilers i didn't say anything
this ejection I got shit cover
everywhere oh that's they're talking
about it on the chat board don't talk
about space have spoilers in the chat
it's been out for a while but some weird
theaters everywhere and you can't miss
it
right don't just don't just don't please
don't
which if you can cast a live-action Dark
Knight Returns live-action movie who
would you cast I would not cast a a Dark
Knight Returns live-action movie it
doesn't need to be a live-action movie
it's a fine comic bar
good copy moving on target
Oh
the aliens have got to be in there
somewhere but why Harwich but where
where could they be okay
priority number one things I know I'm
doing you are going up here can you get
up there yet
yeah you can this is where you're going
that's your home now you stay up there
you stay in your home you're gonna live
in that home and you're gonna shoot
people over here that's your job now who
are you you're another sniper you can
hang out my team's a little too spread
out right now can you work out a way to
do those text-to-speech things I've seen
around they look fun and might be less
annoying
WTF ish text-to-speech thing yeah I
think they're annoyed by the constant
messages I'm not sure what kind of fucks
some though he said WTF I don't I don't
know oh no I think um I think he meant
like the Oh like the reading out loud of
what the tips say I mean we do that
anyway
yeah I don't know maybe finds it
annoying when we do that I don't know
mMmmm distephano 87 says d steph and oh
no de Stefano
well sorry some art tard an Alien
Resurrection said it been my screen name
for many years right I'll try and keep
that mind sorry that's hard
hardening old text it's hard to know you
know things are pronounced especially
what's pre names cuz they did you think
it just appeared mmm-hmm DeStefano oh
they always extenders like I said he
type in like a toes so the Oh is
important
over watch can you have a robot voice
read off the donation messages so
there's a robot voice going on while
we're talking yeah that would be great I
think rich and I have talked about this
before we want some level of moderation
with the donations that's true too
that's and that's why we don't let the
donation text pop up where we just want
a some amount of control over some
amount of moderation over what y'all say
because you know sometimes y'all be
crazy we have we have our limits yeah
though that limit is not lol fuck my car
nope all good with lol fuck my cock I
was feel bad when I have the specialist
heal themselves you know it's like you
greedy bastard I think no Gibson would
make a great older joke oh no he has the
correct face for it I don't think he
could give the correct performance is
can't I can't picture it at all
you couldn't picture his face as the
older Joker he's got a well not acting
acting yea acting acting wise I don't
think he has the he won't he wouldn't
give the right performance I think
you're fucked with live action Joker's
for a while it's because of Heath Ledger
yeah
Oh what are you shooting at obviously
saw something were you shooting that I
got a glimpse a glimpse I didn't it's
fine
that's what overwatch is for you yeah
the glitchy things oh by the way it's
flashbangs to keep them from doing that
divide-and-conquer shit oh yeah I'll
tell you what I prefer the divide in
Congress shit cuz it usually haves their
health and then they're way easier to
take out
I just hate their teleporting because
teleporting doesn't cost them or you
know if they teleport like I mean they
split like three times you don't have
enough moves in one turn to murder them
all you're gonna get overwhelmed by
other things I think they're awful oh I
hate it when they split let's see if
we're gonna take some of these bastards
out one enemy with four health you can
kill two enemies with two health is
gonna take two different shots from two
different people
mmm awful awful 49% shots trying to
think who would be a good old Joker oh
it's a great sniper right there that man
with the man bun he's my favorite sniper
now as much as I love Mark Hamill's
Joker I'm trying to picture him as a
live action oh oh no and you know he
does um did I tell you about Mark Hamill
on the flash yeah I don't know if you
told me about I'm familiar with as the
trickster yep
and he does his Joker from Batman
animated series voice yeah but he's Mark
Hamill and live-action yeah it is
painful to watch yeah I don't want to
see Mark Hamill when I hear that voice I
want to see the Joker
let Jim Carrey do oh fuck that everybody
way too awful he's goofy enough but I
don't think he could pull off any kind
of sinister Oh Jim Carrigan would do
very sinister when has he done sinister
that was convincing him not awful you
weren't freaked out by the Cable Guy no
that's a comedy yeah but like he still
was like he was created you need you
need to get some amount of actual menace
out of it
I never got Davis key definitely did
creepy and weird good yeah that's what
you need but there's nothing in that
performance it's actually scary you give
that performance a joker script
so there's joke scary with him in the
Cable Guy there's not any kind of real
scary no no no he's menacing manas no
you crazy you crazy boo and it's fine
for that part he was a dark comedy
53 53 53 coin flip
that's fine that's fine which is wrong
so wrong I think I think you you're
winning one over me jack yeah as long as
I got one I'll take it rich mom get
watch Mel Gibson in Expendables 3 its
total Joker I haven't seen I haven't
seen any of the Expendables movie movies
you know neither have I and I'm I think
that's an OK thing that's my plan the
average do I have a plan the answer is
no I do not have a plan and that's
that's the rough part well it's never a
good thing when you don't have a plan
next time right and that's that's my
problem is I got a I got to come up with
my plan who has a grenade you have a
grenade
cruft Nick military says you don't have
to read this part out loud ok
it's all good it's all good he's
apologizing for saying something about
space captain Oh spoiler I stopped so
it's all good here's my plan
steve buscemi cool oh you have potential
there oh that's this is a good blend of
creepy and comical hmm that's actual
creepy and not comical creepy you could
do that you can do that well I'm not
convinced jim carrey good I mean I
obviously think you're wrong okay so I
threw a grenade to get rid of their
cover but then they cloned themselves
that's okay because I should be able to
take care of but before before I get to
that donation Chad's bringing up Tim
Curry alone no Tim kayler he couldn't
know he couldn't now ever no he could
have won he could have at one point you
know you know the trivia about him and
the Joker right no you know I'm assuming
this is why it came up in the first
place mark hamill for Batman the
Animated Series
The Joker originally wasn't Mark Hamill
when they started recording and
animating it it was someone else
it was Tim Curry I think you have said
this before I just forgot you know why
they changed it why it was too fucking
terrifying it was way too terrifying for
a children's show I could believe that
Mark Hamill ended up getting parts Tim
Curry does have an amazing voice and
well he probably would have been good I
think we're all better off from her
camel having got the part absolutely
okay gobbledygook said have you ever
read I'm gonna butcher this name be Tom
men mankiewicz Ben mankiewicz mega
Whitman tom polish name 1983 script the
Batman
meant for Bill Murray as Batman Ivan
Reitman directing elmer bernstein score
and Robin Williams is the Joker
box-office bust question work this is
the first I've ever heard of it so I
can't give you a comment 83 and Bill
Murray I'm assuming they were still
going off of the campy sixties Batman
that was the the popular culture Batman
at the time mm-hmm so I don't know I'm
being greedy here rich what should what
you agreed so here's the thing I can
kill this guy yeah very easily but this
Ranger has a skull mine so I can skull
mine it and kill it instantly and get
data yep so I'm gonna take the lesser
percentage shot on this hoping I kill
that so then my ranger can come come in
here and skull what's the percentage
difference uh machinist oh so the shot
is 45 percent to 36 percent I'm getting
greedy
I have other opportunities to kill them
both and everyone's at full health so I
feel like it's an appropriate risk Hey
yeah do what you will do I can't I want
to skull mine I want to get more data
known axe 85 says waiting to foa's old
Joker think about it
yeah
maybe yeah yeah no maybe about it yeah
yeah wait can you skull mine those
things or is it only the soldiers now
it's on to attend tab to cycle through
what you can head highlight works too
for that yeah
I'll take care of these other bitches we
got bitches to take care of riches yeah
it's hard it's hard to imagine now but
before before Tim Burton's Batman Batman
was just saying as that can't be out of
that was the that was the Batman
everyone thought of Adam West yeah it
was camp you were in comic book circles
actually the Dark Knight didn't even
come out and seven dart out returns
Frank Miller the comic yeah oh yeah yeah
that was in the turnaround started for
Batman his his metamorphosis I guess you
could argue it started with neon atoms
but
what what what Amy what what I don't
know I don't know what you're
referencing
we got to move some bitches Frank Miller
was pre burger
yes but the Dark Knight Returns as
popular as that wasn't comic book
circles did not have the cultural impact
that Batman 89 did Tim Burton's Batman
was influenced by The Dark Knight but
that wasn't the cultures Batman told 89
right
explode highway to explode his own oh
really
you're out to pay for saying that's
pretty good I can't right now if you
don't move you can remove your shirt
yeah yeah with it what what it was at
88% and now it's at 37 percent dnews no
were you shooting out with a different
soldier
no he's behind how you covered is that
wouldn't be a high percentage shot you
read something wrong I guess I must have
I really thought it said 88% not behind
high cover oh he's been behind a cover
he's behind half covered
look at his eye huh yeah go highlight
the enemy oh you see a picture the
shitter yeah yeah yeah I must have read
that wrong
it happens sometimes I see a three as a
baby
Oh idiot was the sword someone saying uh
I should have sorted him should have
sorted him I was not watching I didn't
see and I was not thinking that was my
problem
oh wait where's my other there you are
there's my other I don't don't use the
footage you don't use it for both oars
awful okay the heart is very situational
okay with the for the thorn you mean the
the the alien activator five thousand
they get surrounded a Power Rangers are
rich did you see that fucking awesome
shot do you see that fucking 41% sniper
shot Koki 41 41 yeah call me when you
make like a twenty you saying that was
that snipers ii under 50% shot this this
stream I'm gonna call that fucking
awesome curb shot I'm not gonna call him
shark jaws yeah cold shot I demand your
calling show sort thorn thorn the
Rangers are great with a shotgun shotgun
fucking great it does more damage it's
it's more accurate when you're
relatively close to the enemy but you
don't have to be right next to them
shotgun all the fucking way fuck that
sword I was right I was right when I
said thorns don't belong an X come many
many months ago I was right it's a very
situation the I'll tell you my one
problem with the thorn is if you get the
skull Jack the skull jack is an
insta-kill
whereas this the Ford doesn't set amount
of damage the skull Jack only works
unlike that few different only but you
know the most it works on the most
common type of enemy so to me it's a
little weird I like before I like the
Thor Thor does good damage and you know
like if you're playing cleanup just
having that as an
option you know like oh this guy can
take out this we'll see if this guy can
take out this then my Ranger will take
care of this one guy in one Tom poop the
Ford in one file poop
why are there thorns in XCOM anyway we
got Thord they're cool
Thor they're cool and we know I like
thorns you're a big Ford I like thorns
not not in the context of a shitty shoot
game though that's where it gets weird
or does it belong in some kind of like
fantasy setting or or ninjas yeah
yeah here's the downside miss Cole
Jackson one type of enemy yeah and
relative to the Thor it's only seventy
percent right but it's an instinct
things like the swords usually like 88
to 91 or something weird I'm not sure
how they calculate the head percentage
already because obviously it's not
distance based you know you run up and
slice the thing hmm the nice thing about
the Ford is also you can you can use
both of your movement point a running
gun so you can run again no no there's a
running gun well I'm saying you but you
can do that right away you you do that
right away and get overwhelmed once you
activate every other alien on the path
as you run towards that one enemy you
could just hunker down and sat out a
turn yeah maybe taking one injury but
now everyone's gonna die because you
activated six aliens ready to take that
thorn quack I'm gonna throw it school
I'm gonna run up and oh shit
that's the thorn
anonymous says hey guys I tried to tip
in it broke my PayPal account oh I've
been on the phone for an hour baby you
also I love rlm and you brighten my days
I'm very sorry but we appreciate the
$3.00 we do thanks for braving your bank
just for us your bank was like you you
can't give you who are you giving your
money to rich do you think that because
the Ghostbusters reboot cast with all
women it is protected from further
criticism on it ever being made that's
what I've been saying since they first
announced Ghostbusters is a movie that
worked because of the specific comedians
who are now that movie work specifically
because in the chemistry and the
characters they'll be good ever when we
works because Bill Murray
mostly then bravest and an act right
make that movie you do it you do a
reboot with other people in white why am
I supposed to give a fly
but now as women so if you don't like it
it's it's just any criticism against the
movies just gonna be deflected they
don't like they don't like it's all
that's what's going on it's gonna happen
I think that there are some people that
will say that but I think that that's
bullshit mm-hmm it might even be a
decently it doesn't need to be a
Ghostbuster I'm not going to be a
Ghostbusters will because Ghostbusters
is those bugs it's not because of Bill
Murray dan Aykroyd in heraldry I think
it's not it's not gonna be ghostbusters
because of course it's not yep but I
think they wanted to remake it because
that's all Hollywood does anymore hmm
and so they said well let's at least try
something yeah and they had and they had
to and so this was the way they could
make it different it's not protected
against criticism people will criticize
anything I'm firmly in the camp though
don't remake it all Ghostbusters is one
of those movies don't you does not need
to be remade it's like Robocop did not
need to be remained and you know I
oh I'm fine with women I'm even you know
I is that the fact that this women
doesn't bother me it's the fact they're
remaking ghostbusters that Rather's I'm
just saying any any criticism that the
movie is going to get perhaps rightfully
for being the shitty reboot it was just
gonna be deflected by people saying oh
oh in a library and I think only
assholes will make that argument I mean
it's gotta happen though oh sure it's
gonna happen but it will happen from
assholes and so I'm not worried about
I generally don't let assholes dictate
my life stand up to what Oh has it been
an hour okay let me I'm listening as
soon as we're done with this are you too
sick can you stand are you healthy and
I'm going to stand because that is the
right thing to do
I don't know why I'm asking you that
because we all know you just want to ask
for fashion reasons boom go got you I
can't stand grazed hey I still killed
him he only had one left that's what
that would that return fire has been
saving my ass today uh yeah okay we're
doing it we're doing all right you have
a heel yeah you do you're gonna you're
gonna grim one heel
you're gonna gremlin he'll then you're
gonna overwatch
okay who's left the only person that's
left is this bitch right here 65 Dodge
is the worst addition prove me wrong
here's the thing I don't know how they
calculate Dodge but what if you're
getting that gray shot in as opposed to
completely missing right maybe it's
actually helping you you thought about
that it just did for me if if that would
be a fold onto that codex would still be
alive oh I think also we can't hear the
game so I think I just won oh shit which
I didn't want to do I wanted to heal my
other soldier first why doesn't matter
doesn't matter well if I heal them here
are they still in just a 100 well then
fuck it I thought I might get away from
that oh they're a bitch with God they
really are and the previous game yeah
like armor was so many points if you're
wearing aren't well the default armor
was only one anyways he's still got more
dude if he got shot a little later
armors like the armor was like added
four to your health you didn't get
wounded unless you like more than four
damage oh sure
yes they don't give a fuck you could be
wearing a tank and Nick for one damage
you're wounded
ah fuck alright let's stand up all right
that's a smart thing to do you know what
that was a pretty good mission
no one died I had the blue scream of the
mic stand I wonder if I fucked up at
least me
right
oh my god a horrible glory he says
gentlemen did a certain female rlm crew
member make you censor the exploding
varmints it was for YouTube standards
full original videos on YouTube so
destroy that tape with impunity it at
one so we're not destroying it by virtue
of at least being interesting and what
it is but I'm a member talking about to
the standards we were a little bit right
about standards there was at least some
talk of that when we when we filmed I
can answer this question because Mike
Mike emailed Jay and I about that very
thing well wondering about standards and
about common decency mm-hmm and we had a
little bit of a discussion and the
consensus between Jay Mike and myself
was that it could be flagged by not not
by YouTube but by a nut you know but I
like someone who's like this is this
video is obscene yep which it could be
yep
and two for general like just for
general niceness I did suggest I
suggested a comical censorship whereas
like I found I found like a clipart of
like ouch with a little explosion behind
it I thought that would be really funny
Jay wanted to make sure that you still
saw the bits but you didn't see you
didn't see the main explosion but you
still needed to see the bits and I agree
with that that's such a Jay call yes
that was a very Jay call but by the way
that was the absolute correct call you
need to see the bits but not the main
explosion and really for the comedy of
it
yeah seeing seeing the main explosion
might turn people away from the horror
you know so I'm I'm okay with that call
I I suggested that call it seemed more
horrifying to be censored because you
lose the comedy value to some extent I
don't know I don't know I lose you lose
the absurdity of it and then you're left
with the abstract idea that an animal
exploded yeah but the absurdity is that
it happens over and over and over and
over again that's the real that's
blunted though without seeing it and it
loses the company it became creepier
well good actually became creepier in my
eyes good let it become creepier did I
okay we got here take a shot with a
small everything that those significant
damages I hate that
I never I never I never find myself in
an area in a position where I want my
sniper to have less I hate the other one
to the other the other one just saved my
ass last rather the other one save me
save me you know you know what I saved
your ass having a Grenadier
yes yes that would have saved your ass
they're all sick
Caesarion firt says yeah hey guys I've
had a pretty bad week cheer me up with
an impression of George Lucas with AIDS
discussing 9/11 that is as you know what
every rlm fan truly wants to see that's
true I got age 11 I was in the bathhouse
when word came in about the planes you
gonna see a weird graphically I guess I
guess I wasn't the only one who got
fucked that day today I says like
another viewer said during a very hard
time in my life I look toward the
Wednesday and Saturday streams a
highlight of my week I'll pray for your
great success happy families and many
more streams thank you thank you very
much thank you the next this is
something that has happened to me a
couple times by the way yeah look at
this so you know I get to choose my new
thing right yeah and you click on this
and it highlights yeah you click on Dead
Eye highlights we click on lightning
hands yeah so we're gonna have to pick
right now just go away and come back I
know anything that's a weird glitch
these things get patched sooner or later
yeah when people were asking about
glitchy thing but here's the weird thing
when you develop it when you develop on
a PC because the game was developed
before the PC yes they might have
problems of PC games because all the
hardware's fucking different right when
you when you develop for a console the
advantages you know the hardware is
gonna be the same for everybody
yep
but everyone's got a processor video
card different Mouse memory absolutely
different operating system absolutely
it's amazing they can do it at all some
says minor glitch not worth patching
before release yeah that wouldn't be my
priority I'm not I'm not saying you know
it's a big deal it's just one of those
things is weird all right we got a shit
ton of supplies and an hour John that's
a that guy was an aesthetically
impressive specimen bull the hidden
horrors of melting organic tissue with
the inner workings of the machine are
well disguised here the unique melee
weapons employed by the creature could
be of particular interest to long
