Episode 065
XCOM 2 Electric Boogaloo (Part 2)
April 12, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3HF6sIPGWg
___________________________________________

what happens though Quasimodo didn't get
a promotion quasi Blademaster yes it's
almost a catch-22 with the Grenadiers x'
yeah
you want them leveled up yeah because
they're very powerful units of course
but their power is stripping cover so
they're not really getting many kills
themselves sure
I'm commander difficulty because the
enemies have abort health from the
grenade to take away their the setup man
there's a setup man yes I thought it a
mild pain to level them up a horrible
glory wants to know rich has anyone ever
included diet soda for you when sending
beverages to rlm no no no get out nobody
thinks of me nobody everything's ever
ever thinks of me never ever ever never
it's got me so much Diet somebody here
now well I think why would it even says
you can get diet soda anywhere you're
right I guess they should just send me
money money you would spend a night
Sarge just send the money is there such
a thing and this is me genuinely not
knowing as fancy diet soda like I'm sure
like regional like local companies sure
cuz well there's like faint you know you
can get like fancy Cola sure like
sprecher that's my favorite Thai : just
says Cola on the cap
it's not like the generic I don't know I
know for the most part unless there's
some that are just really awful a few
but for the most part they all taste the
same to me okay Diet Coke Pepsi won't
give a shit I mean is there is there
like the fancy brand of diet cola it
probably tastes exactly like the generic
and you wonder why nobody sends you
fancy diet cola cuz you would act like I
never asked for fancy anything well
that's the reason they send us beer is
because it's fancy beer and they want us
to enjoy it like they've enjoyed it
right there is no I don't think there's
I'm gonna say there's not any sort of
fancy diet soda right there's just
different
of diet soda maybe I change my mind
Manos the other thing that make diet
soda better is if it has or any soda
better is if it has actual sugar in it
instead of right some sort of artificial
shit that's usually how it is isn't that
uses like the real sugar instead of the
aspartame or yeah or whatnot or well
aspartame is that that's not the
sweetener and the sodas is it I know
it's only in diet so does something soo
mean it's not the sweetener I don't know
these things I don't really drink soda
much right didn't one of like Pepsi or
coke didn't one of them just recently
stopped using aspartame because that
shit's not good for it
I want to say one of them did recently
may be known it's not the aspartame I
thought that the the study that came out
recently was that aspartame is not
necessarily the fault it's actually the
coloring okay
the thing that they use in soda to make
it look like Cola to make it look brown
yeah is the thing that's hurting people
okay and and it doesn't need to look
brown
so you're saying is they should bring
back Crystal Pepsi they need to bring
Brad kills from Crystal Pepsi they did
briefly there's like a promotional thing
I think you could like win it but it was
a tiny amount
it wasn't mass-produced I don't think
it's gonna be coming back nationally
from I know someone recently resolved
I'm kind of Lucky Charms promotion where
you could win they only made like five
boxes but a box of all marshmallow
launchers I'd buy that that sounds like
the healthiest I would love to see the
nutrition stats it's just a picture of a
guy shrugging from pole glory has a
message for you rich okay rich you need
to trust in the Ford oh go fuck yourself
it'll have your back when you need know
it ain't never
has the swords a piece of shit my
shotgun fucking murders people you get
you get the fuck of Tallinn rounds and a
shotgun with a ranger who's got like
that that one mind that lets them sprint
a little bit further did you do some
flanking and you'll murder some shit you
will fucking murder some shit put the
laser scope on there for the extra crit
chance then you get the Talon rounds
with the extra crit chance the shotgun
naturally as a high you crit like 100%
of the time when you're flagged and then
you get the gorilla training school
update that lets you do +3 damage when
your flank which doesn't work on the
fucking sword by the way you will
fucking murder everything shotgun all
the way suck at swords suck it eighty
eighty eighty-eight percent chance to do
five damage versus I'll fucking murder
you for 18 damage of my shotgun pitch
100 percent chance it's not a question
it's not a fucking question it's a it's
a certainty it's a 100 percent provable
certainty shotgun which has some very
shotgun versus the thorns in Ex cumshot
my shotgun Ranger will fuck up your
sword asshole do swords have assholes
the ones that got people carrying them
yes and claiming they're great okay
they're the sort yeah the the noodley
pail thing connected to the handle of
the sword anonymous also would just like
to say hack fraud diet soda replacement
so alright that's just that means yes
the thing you said we acknowledge there
you go and I'm sorry cyborg wolf no
facecam today because I plan on using
this footage for our episode so no face
cam no notifications today because then
I get to use all of this footage and if
something really special happens
I don't want richen eyes
super ugly faces to mess it up so that's
all you get
Oh dr. fector says though the grain
count on the swords isn't high enough to
explode varmints oh I saw people were
calling you out for getting grain count
wrong Oh as I am correct on that you
were incorrect
oh just far as what it means oh darn
well if you said you weren't like a gun
club before they're comin everybody Wow
weird yeah that's okay I was wrong too I
called pieces an Italian movie it's a
Spanish movie oh and I knew that but I
just wasn't thinking in the moment oh
there you go there's so many shitty
Italian horror movies that I just was
thinking thinking of that at the time
sure
so that Apple's episode is just riddled
the facts information and I know people
come to us for fat free for facts
people come to red letter media to learn
things about bullets and Italian horror
film yes and we let them down the two
things were known well agent 11 it's and
AIDS and 9/11 that we will never let
people down with never never never never
you have AIDS you've already been let
down just waiters just this guy you know
says here spend this on Cola rich also a
dollar for Jay okay
on a whim I sent something silly to rlm
today I don't know why so look out so
look out for it is it a bomb we will not
accept it if that's the case that's true
or if we do accept it unwittingly
we will be very upset oh it's true this
guy looks like Channing Tatum what's got
the scar yeah he has looks nothing like
the character he's supposed to be but
that's fine but he's not a real person
so how can he not look like it's
character from the last game oh you know
what I could see like later on when when
we've delved past comic book movies and
now we're making like the realistic
video game movies that everyone has
always wanted
an older Channing Tatum Bradford I could
see that that looks like him that's the
thing they keep fucking up isn't it
coming for video game movies yeah yeah
keep fucking it up mmm but there's a big
one coming out it was a Warcraft right
Warcraft which is they've got a good
director behind it sure that's what's
this movie Bowl guy who made Oh mate
good ol duvet ball yeah yeah he made
most of the comic movies disasters video
movies there's some kind of conspiracy
like tax evasion theory behind you know
he may he got to make movies through a
tax loophole it was what is a conspiracy
theory that's what happened yeah and
then when that's whatever that incentive
was went away he had a lot more trouble
making movies yeah people talk about him
as being like the modern-day Atwood but
he's not nearly that interesting
his first two movies are hilariously bad
alone in the dark and House of the Dead
are genuinely funny and the other ones
are just kind of I haven't seen fire one
postal is just like a shitty bad comedy
but like funny bad he's only done those
first two oh yeah he did do a vampire
who did the cold oh I can't think of the
name I know it with the lady Terminator
from Terminator 3 yeah I cannot think of
the name of that movie I haven't seen
that one maybe that one's funny oh man
but he's not he's not those first two
modes make lot of rain blood rain yeah
yeah thank you yeah thank you but aside
from that he's funny as a person if
you've seen like his rants on YouTube
and stuff yeah yeah most of his movies
are not interesting ly bad he's no Ed
Wood he is no Edward he's no
oh the the tail-end of just this guy you
nose tip wants to know if from now on
here on out this channel is dedicated to
XCOM to probably for for a bit rich will
want to play X come to all the time but
next time I play it probably won't be
expected
spoiler alert on my feelings on XCOM to
mokey be 85 says this company sells
fancy dry soda that's technically a diet
soda because of low sugar content
cucumber flavor also ford's saved my ass
in the final mission so lol fuck my cock
shotguns would have saved your ass
better she'd shoot a shotgun to your ass
is what richard saying and telegin says
Jay Jack and rich what's your favorite
bleach to drink you know a bargain
bargain brand did the cheaper the better
that's what you get the label where it's
all white it just says in black letters
bleach and that's all that's on the
label that's all you need Sam's Cola is
that is that a soda joke yeah a joke
okay which is nailing it nailing the
soda jokes got a nail something that's
good that's right
save those people rich you didn't save
her you know what you save them by
murdering everybody true murder all the
people don't save all the people I know
I know a few people who still very
religiously play World of Warcraft
that's still a thing not still a dog
huge especially if you've been playing
it like that's just okay that's that's
your that's the world you exist in now
the world will never end and nobody who
I know who plays the game is excited
about the movie yeah yeah the only
interest I have cuz I don't know
anything about World of Warcraft I've
never played it but it has a good
filmmaker behind it so although I
shouldn't even say a the only movie I've
seen of his that is good is moon oh
that's the only movie I've seen by him
so I guess I can't speak too much about
it but moon is good moon is great but I
I have a hard time picturing the World
of Warcraft movie to be like minimal and
atmospheric yeah yeah everything that
makes moon great doesn't seem like it
would translate translate to World of
Warcraft but admittedly I don't know
much about world Warcraft so yeah yeah
source code was the other movie he did
but I didn't see it that's okay and now
he's doing World of Warcraft well now
he's getting paid oh yeah Nick here was
saying I was watching the first planket
review and Jack I noticed you had hair I
hope you don't mind me asking but where
did it go same place mine went like
mostly I guess mostly in the drain I
don't know when you're here phille I
mean you just fly it goes everywhere
just not on your head you might not know
this because you're a hairy troglodyte
but there's this thing called a raisin
with you oh sure like
shave my head all my hair goes down the
drain but like just you know the stuff
that fell out through nature that could
be anywhere here and in my house
most likely in my house that's where I
spend most of my time but yes I I once
had hair I came across a picture of
myself recently I was I was far hairier
than even in that plinker of you I used
to have a giant beard very very long
hair oh you need the treasurer's I had
another term to get it
this is being impatient is what this is
it's stupid and I should not have done
that apparently it worked out for me
because if it's not three squads on
alert but that was dumb it was very dumb
kwazii's got it rich
I believe in quasi I guess I also
believe the wait till quasi dies I
believed in ponytail and pony tail died
sebacean stop believing in the people I
want to live
you should stop believing in anything
that's the key to life don't just don't
believe in top thinking about tomorrow
don't other it's like don't stop
believin it'll soon be here
no I don't want to grow the beard back
cuz I'm into the shaved head look and if
you got a beard and a shaved head that's
a commitment it's it's a very specific
look that's a commitment a kind of
personality that I'm not willing to
exude every day you know
bald men are 50% more likely to captain
starships that's true that's that's a
real fact
don't don't
which is strategic out of this yeah
we've got to see what the shots people
have free run off all willy-nilly what
about a soul patch no I'm a hairless now
I'm just a hairless everybody else has
got the beards let them do the beards no
I'll be the contrast has there ever been
a good video game movie there's them in
a single one as there why is it so hard
stories and games usually overrated but
especially now like more so than maiming
back in the days when they were making
like the Super Mario Brothers movie and
shit like that like video games have
evolved where stories are a major part
of it sometimes more important than the
gameplay it seems so how do they keep
fuckin up the movie usually to their
detriment though okay but that's you end
up making a but that's your opinion and
I mean there are people who like
something like Last of Us which is
mostly story right yeah I guess you
don't need to make a movie of that cuz
it pretty much is a movie right right
yeah so I guess that's why you know it's
hard to make a good story as it is then
you're asking somebody to make a great
story on top of a great game and I think
the end result is usually just both
things being mediocre yeah well you know
I I think a lot of it has to do with
perhaps the people writing these stories
not understanding what makes them
resonate with the gamers you know like
you're in a game it's all personal it's
all these tiny little details like with
XCOM rich loves these x time games right
yeah he loves all of his soldiers and
you love your soldiers cuz they can die
and you know like your what your soldier
will do one amazing thing like 12
missions ago and you'll remember that
one tiny amazing things 12 missions ago
right yeah and how do you make that a
character in a movie oh I see when it's
a character that only exists for you
exactly a game is a very personal
journey
like Mass Effect 3 aside it's why it
would be impossible to make a mass
effect movie you're in charge of your
own character right rich literally loves
his soldiers he does except for the ones
that he hates like Quasimodo this is why
is why I raged deleted my last commander
Ironman save so I got bullshit into
death because the Thord yep button and
now they don't have to worry about it
cuz comic book movies are making so much
money but as soon as they stop as soon
as comic book movie stop making money
the next wave will be the the
quote-unquote good video game movies I
well I think that will depend on how
well the Warcraft movie does if that's
like a big hit then we'll start to get
more video game movies if that's a big
flop then we'll go back to nothing for a
while possibly what will replace the
kind of movie though nothing cuz comic
book movies will never end yeah no I
mean eventually they will once they stop
making money whatever place it idea will
it be the video game movie that's my
prediction is that's you know you have
to think about what the next thing that
nerd culture mostly children do with
their time ten years from now they start
growing up and wanting to experience
them in new ways much like comic books
and boom it'll be videogames let's start
with the classics and they'll finally
make a good Mario Brothers movie maybe
it'll be animated right or whatever you
know it'll be a Pixar CG animated Mario
Brothers movie sure tics are making a
Mario movie treating and it'll be great
and people be like finally they captured
these characters and then and then you
know they'll make a Zelda movie and
it'll be a grand adventure and people
will love it
oh the video game movie is here and then
everyone will complain about it don't
they make anything else besides video
until they may don't make money I'd
rather just see the whole system implode
it is the whole thing no it is it it's
making shitloads of money I'd rather see
the whole thing collapse I'm in the
studio's not know what to do so they
just start letting interesting
filmmakers make whatever they want like
they did in the 70s we will never have
that again but I would love to see it
Oh it'll never be an era like the 70s
again we had that a little bit in the
90s no he didn't
there were the during the Indy
Renaissance there were films being made
by interesting filmmakers in the studio
but I wouldn't say that was the majority
of what was going on no but in the 70s
that wasn't the mean speaking purely of
numbers because not as many movies were
being made well that that's the thing
too is there's so much more money at
stake now than there was in the 70s
it's the same with TV now you know
there's there used to be three networks
that's any show that was popular that's
due to the fact that there just wasn't
much to choose from such a different
world
what's what's he doing oh there it is
he was behind a tree so I didn't see
it's okay see him I didn't know what he
was doing am I still sick I still have a
bit of a cough but I am over my sickness
see thank you all for bearing with me
100% shot I 100% of doing four to 1600
verses if you try to Ford 91% 8 to 10
days to 10 damage
that's a sectoid cuz they could double
but he's only got like 5 health to begin
with sure there's only this I know this
is only gonna do the 4 but we're gonna
give it a shot sure yes flanked oh he's
dead sure Oh Bob oh that was a 100%
chance to hit but let's say there was a
lot of more enemies around you and you
didn't reload and you only had one
bullet left why don't you have the free
reloaded perk and the gun I'm sorry
right now you do that right now I'm
saying for that situation right there
are you so bad at mismanaging your ammo
that you're gonna run up to somebody
with an unloaded shotgun yes it happens
all the time
because you're stupid yes if you're bad
at the game don't you think about what
do you think anyone will care about
avatar - no nobody cares now yeah I
think that was a movie that was super
popular when it came out and I think we
talked about this recently and like
immediately afterwards everybody forgot
about it yeah I don't think they're I
mean maybe we're wrong but I don't think
people are clamoring for another a
bizarre movie we're literally not now
too much time is fast will people go see
it nobody even remembers it nobody
remembers it will people go see it is
the question will it be a success like
the first one I don't know it's hard to
say audiences can be unpredictable yeah
I never would have expected Deadpool to
do nobody didn't expect it to do as well
as it did Oh Louis tell us Dan I just
have a hard time in general
understanding general audiences oh yeah
shotgun the first one oh I was
incredibly wrong about Jurassic world
that was well you know what I was hoping
I was hoping that Jurassic world would
not do good and I finally saw it and it
is so boring yeah I'm just not very good
it's just not very good and so my hope
was correct my hope was that that's
different than actual expectations of
how the movie old and that was my
problem I I let my hope get in the way
of you know yeah you gotta look at it
from both angles yeah we the next half
in the bag that's coming out is our
Oscar one mm-hmm which it will be out
before the Oscars which is this weekend
but in doing like predictions or
expectations you have to have two
categories you have to have your
personal like what you would be
interested in seeing win hmm and you
have to have the cynical idea of what
actually win yeah because those are two
different things it's true it's true and
my hope got the better of me when I was
discussing a drastic world many
apologies to everyone for my prediction
that Jurassic world would flop I I knew
the minute it came out of your mouth is
gonna be wrong well not that I could see
it not doing well but you your exact
words were that it was going to be the
movie that would kill Chris Pratt's
career which is an insane insane thing
to say hope not I hope not for Chris
Pratt I wanted the movie to do bad okay
I wanted the movie to do bad so people
would stop making bad movies that will
never happen
but you know what I'm not even bad
movies everyone hopefully could tell by
watching the trailers of Jurassic world
that it was going to be a bland movie
how people loved it though those people
are dumb
those people are done a lot of people
really liked it they're dumb they're
idiots III want I want to start a war on
blindness that's that's what sells Jack
a war on toeing the line you'll get
random things like Deadpool like great
that that did successful yeah business
but for the most part that's the stuff
that catches on is the the bland clout
crowd-pleasing stuff yeah I bet you said
crowd-pleasing right please what are you
having a German please those damn Krauts
yeah and bland like as long as it's good
you know there can be something that's
bland as long as it's not insulting
there's no there's no there's no world
for bland that is the world there's no
room for bland that's all there is
that's the successful stuff
that's why to me it's kind of a big deal
that's something like Mad Max got
nominated for Best Picture mmm because
that doesn't happen and that's kind of
amazing that it did yeah it won't win
but it's kind of amazing that it even
made it so far but that's a rarity for
something like that to happen toeing the
line and blandness pay the bills got to
do those so that intro got to do the
interesting things that nobody will see
yeah yeah
what what but speaking of interesting
thought invoking I got a chance to play
quite possibly the most interesting
board game I have played in recent
memory it's call and you know people
might not care about board games but I
love board games
it's called mysterium and I bonded not
knowing much about it some people who I
like who review board games said it was
great and I just stopped reading their
views like they say it's great great
I'll buy it okay
looking for a new board game most board
games everybody kind of knows you got
your board you got your pieces you got
maybe some dice you throw the dice you
got or you got cards right yes there
there are some like board games staples
right mysterium is like apples to apples
meets blue no no no no I hate apples
apples apples apples is not a game I
hate but it here's here's what it is
there is one person who plays a ghost
and there are other people that play
psychics and the ghosts needs to find a
way to communicate with the psychics
only using cards with like abstract
pieces of art on those it's a game that
should not exist it's it's amazing it's
amazing so what you do what the ghosts
is Trump what the ghost is trying to do
is get these psychics to guess his
murderer ala clue location murderer and
murderer and murder weapon right but the
only way you can communicate with the
psychic is by silently handing them
cards with abstract art on it and the
abstract art in some way represents what
they're trying to convey so like in
front of the psychics are like eight
people and eight locations and eight
weapons right yeah and then each psychic
has a set of three and one person one
place one weapon right and so then you
need to silently hand them cards and
then they look at the abstract art card
and try to figure out what on the card
represents like the person place or
object and then like figure out which
are their specific objects to find out
who murdered you that works until you've
played this game with the same people
often enough yeah yes but I hadn't
played the game and I already know this
of course but it's so different and like
the ghost can't speak throughout the
entire game yeah and so you know you
just have to lie and but you have to
like like you know yes or no people when
they like guessed correctly or not okay
and it was one of the most unique board
game experiences I have ever come across
well alright and it was great
interesting it should be it should be a
one player game there's just a psychic
who's trying to talk to a ghost but
ghosts don't exist so he's just picking
up cards and he's maybe the ghost pick
this one mm-hmm
and you play that game with yourself and
that's that's realistic mysterium yeah
maybe real-life mystery real-life masu
well oh and Colonel rich mustard I
believe it's made by the same company
that makes Dixit so if you've ever
played Dixit
I believe it's made by the same company
okay in any case it was it was an
amazing experience and it even comes
with it comes with its own soundtrack of
like spooky ambient music that you're
supposed to play during the game it was
great Oh
scientists give me a fuckin engineer I
want to engineer or wait what's this
in town cell rather have an extra
scientist fucking useless you're gonna
catch up with a trick tech tree sooner
or later well you need to keep up with
us manufacturing because we have the
second you can't manufacture what the
fucking good is it doing you right right
you need you need you need that advanced
warfare Center the guerrilla tactics
school and you need the proving grounds
and you need the psychic school you need
engineers for all that shit agree no you
don't need to buy the spooky soundtrack
I believe it's streaming but it's great
it's great until like rich said you play
with the exact same group of people over
and over again then everyone knows the
bit but as someone who plays a lot of
board games it was it was a breath of
fresh air even though it took us maybe
four hours to play the first time
because no one knew what was going on
the game is called mysterium and for
everyone who's comparing it to Dixit
it's made by the same company I believe
Dixon Dixon D IX I team now gets it I
don't want to know what that games about
it's so I mean let's see here from full
glory any of you into the 70s Hong Kong
action films and to be more specific
anything from the Shaw Brothers they got
some crazy shit I I'm aware of them I
haven't seen hardly anything that's a
blind spot
your money your my 70s movie that's
that's an area I often say I have my
blind spots that I tried to fill in from
time to time so one of these days I'll
get around to checking out some sharp
other stuff it might really like Hong
Kong kung fu movies but I just haven't
seen many of that's the thing it's like
I like what I've seen but I haven't seen
yeah and I haven't seen any in a very
long time J a horrible glory wants to
know have you seen a movie called the
Salton Sea no the title sounds familiar
but no my brother Darrell thought it was
dark and disturbing but my other brother
Darryl says it's all style and no
substance
anyway lol fuck my cock said a new heart
reference Larry Darrell and Darrell yeah
well there you go
pardon me trash can man says as a fan of
both Dixit and mysterium I completely
agree with you fantastic game good taste
I got this one I got good taste in one
thing we're in a MOBA Jack I'm with our
lover and Jack and great exploration I'd
maybe you meant to type great
explanation if it's the dice tower you
watch or listen to that makes two of us
I pay attention to the shut up and sit
down a show so I have anything to do
with your shit up timer that has nothing
to do with my setup my stand up timer is
not correlated with shut up and sit down
okay you see how first would make that
mistake so about eight more minutes left
everybody about eight more minutes until
its stand up time again
I'm rich Evans yeah you'd like to
recommend a board game called Sheriff of
Nottingham it's all about lying right in
people's faces well that's always fun
that is always fun so sort of like a I
don't have a game like that it's called
politics topical humor here you read you
read the paper today you let me yeah let
me see what's in the headline steeled
headlines I could only assume that's
that's like close to a mafia or like
what's the game where you have to or
resistance is that what it's called
we're like one of yous the government
and one of yous the resistance and you
have to find the other people in the
resistance or yeah great I'll see
sectoid
running my future ambush plans
my problem with apples to apples is it
stupid is it stupid it's not a game it's
it's it's a party thing it's you
analyzing simulates horrible it's not a
simulator it's your air lease analyze it
yes but you don't need it you could just
talk to someone you don't need the card
you don't need to do anything you don't
need to play a board game of course you
do you could play a game you play a game
to play a game you want to win you want
to lose you I mean you do it with your
friends so you have a good time people
play apples to apples so they can have a
good time so Bible enjoy it
that would require you to have a good
time while playing apples to apples and
exit impossible that's the ball first
not for everyone it's a very popular
thing I know well people are stupid well
there's that sure and mankind as has
proven this again and again yes there's
an XCOM novel which is their next comic
novel is there no interest if there is
no you ever see the doom novels
oh you fuckers go the other way
ah I'm gonna get you I'm good oh they
didn't
oh thanks about it ah uh guys should
just shut you right in the back am i
actually see ya I do not like apples
apples or cards against humanity' I
think they're both dumb wastes of time
apples to apples no no it's a game and
you know people it's it's a way to get
to know people you know they put down
cards and you have to choose which card
based on who you think did fuck that
stupid that's the thing is it doesn't
work as a way to get to know people you
have to know the people already so you
understand what they would person their
personality was they was make that up
throughout the game mmm and then cards
against humanity' it's just it's just a
naughty word simulator and I like saying
my own naughty words you don't need it
wouldn't it be crazy if we said this
this thing in the car it's like why not
just say stupid shit we all do it all
the time
exactly nobody I know has ever had a
problem saying stupid shit maybe got any
cards to do that get some beer then
you'll stay plenty of stupid shit Lord
Belmont Jack what do you think of the
arkham horror games like Call of Cthulhu
and mansions of madness I don't know
what those are I don't think of them you
don't think of them what do I think of
them I don't think of them what ours I
don't know oh why don't Call of Cthulhu
is HP Lovecraft's sure
and you know literary form it's some
sort of horror game apparently also
excited for the UHD blu-ray z-- ultra
high def that's a thing yeah that's the
next wave have a shorter lifespan than
blu-rays I think I talked about this
last I was here but I've been no hurry
to upgrade no there's only so much
detail the human eye can see I have used
my blue rape I've had I've had a blu-ray
player for two months now that's it
that's it no and I've used it maybe
three times two times as a DVD player I
don't care digital media is dead basic
physical media is dead to me I want
everything digital physical yeah
physical media is a it's a collector's
market at this point yep I still buy
stuff not as much as I used to but if
it's something weird that has no reason
to exists on blu-ray like wrote or sure
I will get that or something that is
some sort of like collector's thing like
turbo kid has an excellent blu-ray set
things like that
hands that are more niche sure I could
be with but if it's like a modern movie
that I just I like the movie I'll buy
digitally like I just bought Creed
because there's I'm not gonna get
anything from the blu-ray that I'm not
gonna get from the digital release of it
hmm
but as far as like the Ultra HD
stuff like I don't know you know I I
can't imagine upgrading to a new format
when that format is not going to last
very long and isn't that significantly
better looking than blu-rays sure and
who has you know who even has a 4k TV
that can broadcast something like that
at the moment right I mean those are
becoming more and more they are common
but they are I do I don't care about
stuff like that
yeah I want I want all digital all the
time and just easier access to all of my
digital things
give me an easier way to store my
digital media and I will be happier
um well Oh to end Lord Belmonts thing
what sucks is that movies shot digitally
under 4k are just being upscaled yeah
yeah yeah that does suck okay Lloyd
beets question for Jay Jack and rich
have you seen the doc the nightmare yes
yes it's the most terrifying fucking
thing ever
it's about sleep paralysis and it scares
the everliving fuck out of me yes it's a
terrifying I think it's now about sleep
paralysis sleep paralysis and like night
terrors you know there's like specific
things that you see there's there's a
couple different ones and it's common
amongst people that have these problems
like like creepy Shadow Man in the
corner of your room yeah like that kind
of shit it's it's a terrifying
documentary because that shit scares the
scares the hell out of me there you go
there are some people I know that that
happens pretty regularly like sleep
paralysis
I think it's happened to me maybe two or
three times in my life sure and that's
more than enough it's horrifying
oh we're be the Dinos imma get up
everybody stand up and just a reminder
for anyone that is showing up within the
last hour I have not seen the witch yet
I want to but I have not seen it yet yes
I failed my mission because one of the
objectives was kill all of the aliens
there was no way I was gonna happen
without me getting slaughtered so I just
did what I could and I got out it was a
a tactical retreat I don't I don't I
don't get like the reward but I do get
like the the the I think the dark event
blocking or the other way around is one
of the other I forgot which isn't it
better than nothing
that was some major-league bullshit I
think the movie major-league was pretty
good shot in Milwaukee some of it shot
at the old stadium from Luke and some of
it was shot at the safe house downtown
yeah yeah I have not seen that movies
and so the kid it might be bad I don't
it's got Bob Uecker in so it's got to be
good right well getting back to sleep
paralysis yes
so like sleep paralysis is a natural
thing
everybody does it when you sleep to keep
yourself from like jogging when you have
a dream that you're jogging well no this
is like when you can't move right well
and so that's but that's what so what
sleep paralysis is is your brain not
turning that function off when you wake
wake up right and it's hor and and and
sometimes you see visions you see creepy
nightmare monsters and shit Oh fine yeah
that's that's the one I've seen there's
different things that can happen but the
one I've seen is where it's just like a
shadow standing in the corner that is
the scariest thing to me I've had that
happen we put that in the recovered as a
result of that there's a part when Tina
wakes up and and the guy is just
standing in the corner and then he
slowly turns and looks at her that's
like my nightmare it's terrifying so I
will not be watching that attack I
almost stopped watching it as watching
it late one night and it takes a lot to
get under my skin but that and even more
so for me to like be so creeped out
watching something tonight that I would
shut it off and I almost shut it off and
like I'll come back to this tomorrow
morning I powered through it it gets
kind of weird towards the end there's
some weird stuff with like cuz it's like
I don't remember six or seven different
people that they're sort of focusing on
I have this issue and one of them talks
about how like
she started she turned to religion and
it went away I was like that's kind of
weird so it takes a weird turn towards
the end but but the rest of it is
interesting apparently they're saying in
the chat
HP Lovecraft had this and said that the
shadows spoke to him
oh sure that would make sense that make
sense do you mean the man that invented
horrible things yeah unseen unknown
horrible monsters that makes perfect
sense
what commander you're doing good
commander
all right taking my lumps where will you
take your forces commander got my
hospital there you go that's all you
need more importantly this thing that
gives you bonus skills oh yeah that's
great by the way
just randomly get me good extra shit
also the helping your guys heal is crazy
important I need a ranger gets the
serial perk what's the serial part every
time you kill somebody you get a free
action so you can chain it together nice
you know because swords suck and this is
something you could do with a shotgun
that you can't do with a Thord J how
many hardened me how many movies would
you say you own um not including well
not including the stuff we have best of
the worst I don't even know how much we
have for that and uh for me personally I
don't know off hands maybe between five
and six hundred okay maybe maybe a
little bit more sound like that five
sixty thousand nothing terrible I don't
I don't buy a lot of stuff especially
not as much anymore
hmm I mainly by because there's lots of
movies that I like but I have no reason
to own them because I'm not gonna watch
them all that I watch I get like weirder
shit no shit that has like rewatch value
because of like commentaries and that
type of stuff mm-hmm
today they're asking about quick cuts
they're nothing to report at the moment
is all all same but you haven't
officially stopped doing them no no he
stopped doing that well I did stop doing
the problem but zelich and since it's
not like it'll never come back or maybe
if it does come back it'll come back in
a slightly different form Oh
who's decided who's to say what the
future holds
nobody well we do we make the content
that's true it's entirely up to us this
Tiberius Kirk I hope J writes off all
the movies he buys oh sure it's all
research it's all research all research
all the movies I rent digitally yep you
know it was when that stuff's gonna come
up in conversation on an episode of half
in the bag that uh that game mysterium
that I was talking about I rode that off
you know why I just talked about it on
this very sure every single fucking
thing is the right of subscriptions to
like Netflix Hulu right up right off
every movie every game I buy every comic
book I buy every single thing media-wise
is a write-off
quick cuts gets a Netflix reboot hey
spoiler
oh yeah isn't that full house reboot
coming on Netflix soon are you excited
about that because the original show is
so great
fuck man turn you gonna turn to quick
cuts into body horror like quick cuts
off my ear none of those would be quick
they'd be slow and painful so legitimate
question when do you think it was that
Bob Odenkirk became the greatest actor
of our generation well I haven't seen
better call Saul so I can't say you
needs one I've always liked him what
would you call an illegitimate
question-answer between 4 & 7 how how
good did tomatoes taste 5.5 I think
that's an illegitimate point five five
between four and seven you're going five
point five maybe six yeah there's not
that much room between four and seven
sure six I was six do we count the
things that like you make it tomato into
like spaghetti sauce that's factored in
that's that then it goes up like like a
six point five okay six point five
that's pretty good anyway why do you
think he's such a great actor no I mean
I I think he's good I like him and
pretty much everything I've seen him in
but I don't think I've really seen
anything that would indicate he has a
ton of range
I think his Indian like if you look at
Fargo Season one
okay and most recently I caught an
episode of better call Saul and yeah I
mean I don't care about Breaking Bad
yeah
none at all better call Saul is
brilliant no no and more importantly the
depths
that he gives his character as an actor
mmm he's very subtle but very poignant I
think he's a very very talented actor
okay and I was surprised you know is
like Fargo for anyone who's seen season
one a Fargo he plays kind of a goofball
yeah he plays Bob Odenkirk with a Fargo
accent yes basically but even his
goofball you can you can sense the
depths of his character but when in
better call Saul when he plays his
weaselly lawyer this is like the the
origin story yeah oh this is a prequel
to break you bet pretty cool to break
okay I know so little about it the the
depths I candy I can't even and
especially if you don't know that much
about the show I don't want to spoil
anything but yeah the the range that he
has not only as an actor but like as a
character it's it's an it's great yeah
and I and I don't care about Breaking
Bad I never rise saw to it didn't really
like it but I'm watching better call
Saul alright Bob Odenkirk actor of our
generation let's see here NCC 170 171
the D says tell Jay I saw society ah yes
went in blind thanks to him as you
should I knew something was wrong
I had an idea of what it might be but
did not expect that
no nobody expects that it's it's such a
slow build-up at that movie and then oh
man it's amazing I think it's a great
movie it says thanks a lot any other
batshit 80s recommendations um nothing's
like society shotgun did that shit with
a sword motherfucker
uh I can't think of any thing I could
say like if you like society you would
also like this mmm that's okay um yeah I
don't know I can't think of anything off
and I mean there's plenty of weird shit
of course but nothing like that
oh and Oz Mike says Jack J rich tomorrow
oh my god is that true
tomorrow is the one-year anniversary of
movie dicks will be watching roar ah
wake in fright and Puma man oh I've seen
Puma man J come watch wake and fright
with us apparently what time does movie
Dix happen they tweet what times what
time is it happening tomorrow especially
8:30 8:30 I've never been to a movie Dix
but it's possible I might be able to
tomorrow night ah I have I have a moving
Dix recommendation Oh
XCOM to was maybe thought about de vie
Oh me would be mean for sure I've never
seen any V I've never seen any of it
watch the original miniseries yeah a
sequel is kind of schlock yeah
comparison the first one is just really
fucking good drama that's what I've
heard many young Robert England's in it
right yeah one did was the first night
on L Street 84 it was 84 I believe I
know it was like right after V yeah J 8
o'clock Central Time
80 I think is when they usually get
started for anyone that hasn't seen R or
you're in for a treat it's pretty much
the best thing ever and for those who
don't know movie dicks is a group of
viewers that get together and use our
chat to find a way to all watch the same
movie and then chat about it in the chat
where do they find us on YouTube or yeah
or is it up to up to you to get a copy
of it from wherever YouTube or online
streaming sources usually okay I only
went once and I don't think the mood
when I went I don't think we were
legally watching a movie it might have
been shades of gray I see
but movie dicks will tell you where you
can watch the movie
I don't want to be over on that side
okay that's fine that's fine I could
deal with that we're sure so if you like
to watch movies and chat with people
come here for movie dicks I don't know
maybe I eat all of these things if you
don't like watching movies and talking
with people while you watch movies you
need to rethink your life choices rich
that's like half of your job I know it's
horrible that's why I'm such a miserable
wreck of a human being it's true look Oh
and as my is is correcting himself 8:30
rich was correct oh and also
announcements this is the time for
announcements Wednesday barring any
unforeseen circumstances will be our
euro friendly stream uh anyone from
Europe is gone already so they won't
know which is ironic cuz we really hate
Europe I'll tweet about it tomorrow
Wednesday we're gonna get here early and
do a Euro friendly stream these are all
the announcements by the way this is
what happens when you're not worried
about the time what I'm just taking my
suite last time Oh God right yeah no it
just won't 1 inch and then you get move
everyone out for just one square
everybody's on overwatch ok everybody
they move upward oh the way what's a
copay is if we're now home for watch get
everyone on overwatch agreed also on
Wednesday
why is that funny just did it
also on Wednesday a new video will be up
oh so there you go all sorts of exciting
things are happening this week it's all
really happening yeah most realities
like the matrix then nothing's really
happening no but isn't isn't reality
just all about perception reality is no
reception
Oh reality it was real
regardless of your perception of it you
might not be able to receive it but
there's still a reality
you're completely utterly wrong but how
do you know but how do you know what
that's just the definition of reality is
that it's real
I definitely define the reality by
definition reality is what is real man
who defined that though yeah who knows
what's real it doesn't need you to find
it it just is or isn't yeah but how do
you know you might not be real to drugs
of YouTube gonna do it we've been
standing up and race stereotypical drugs
I've just been watching John Ross ski
movies man Oh three of you oh they
brought three people to shoot at me oh
oh don't worry it might look like you're
on a hill but isn't that just nature's
roof you're up there you've got this
roof roof got to get on that roof yo
yeah yeah yeah that thing when it blows
up and you fall down and lose health
yeah yeah that's right rich does need to
freeze mind no free your mind and the
rest will follow free your mind and your
grace free free my mind by distorting
its perception yeah but you don't know
me that's a contradiction no it's real
you know
Oh sindermann no I have not seen dance
of reality I own it my blind bought it
but I have not watched it yeah you're
blind about it I blind bought it which I
don't do very often but I blind bought
it his yacht arouse keys new movie and
made a movie in like 20 years or
something that's probably worth a blind
by um I thought so but I've watched it
not that well I guess I have to because
you kinda have to be in the right the
right mood to sit down for something
like that so sure no I can't take out
any of them oh that was just a shit turn
so sorry that's alright I'm on the roof
your honor everybody's gonna die no
you're on the roof so that all their
shots are gonna miss and you're gonna do
great and everything's gonna be great
why would you say that no you know no
look he just marked you like that so his
turn is wasted no no does he just throw
a grenade oh oh yeah you did look now
they have no cover on the roof we got
those are gonna work I was gonna work
hello Draco wants to know where is your
favorite place to find movies the
Internet at this point I'm not one of
those people that needs to go to stores
and like look for bargains or you know
oh and exactly enough in a store and
they panicked let's pry that
high-elevation they got a little nervous
so yeah I order stuff online you order
direct if you if you're in a scream
factory titles the order direct from
their website oftentimes if you preorder
it they'll often send it two to three
weeks before street date and sometimes
with a poster which isn't that big of a
deal to me I have all these fucking
screen Factory posters that are just
sitting in my closet because I have no
interest in hanging them anywhere this
all went very bad very quickly
yeah yeah I know it's very quickly not
going well for Team roof over here
well they got one of them so why are you
talking you know because I'm not very
good at the game I'm overcompensating by
picking on your shortcoming I'm enjoying
the game overall
let's head go down there and sword him
or shotgun oh I mean the sword works to
the shotgun did fine damage but the
sword might have worked you would have
to climb down you came in late riches
playing rich is playing you came in late
the face cams are off because I want to
use this footage in the episode Wow
welcome welcome to welcome to the
madness and no Jay has not seen the
witch for fuck's sake that one guy in
the chat no I have never been to a Rob
Zombie concert what a random ask
question is that venom frequent question
yes I didn't even see it i i i guess
really wants to know if you've been to
her of zombie concert cuz you seem like
the type of person who would go to a Rob
Zombie concert I guess what do you do
you have any thoughts on Rob Zombie's
music he's fine that is the best way to
describe Rob Zombie's music it's fine
you're in the right frame frame of mind
it's fine
perilous mission blowed yeah
is rich Evans more human than human is
Rob Zombie a new meme now I was other
thing that's how I weave Rob Zombie he's
not random enough to be a meme right
he's too popular still you think I don't
know if he is yeah does he still do
stuff he's still this stuff he does a
movie coming out this year oh yeah he
still makes movies sometimes he can do
whatever he wants he does do whatever he
wants yes respect to him for that that's
ain't that the truth
I mean we could all do whatever we want
but he does we can he do rich have you
ever been apple picking that strikes me
so funny
I'm loving this line of questioning it
questions I picked up some apples at the
grocery store yesterday yeah yeah but if
you've been to the farms you go pick
them put them in them but I've been to
apple orchards I've not picked apples at
the apple orchards what else do you do
at an apple orchard you know you walk
around you get a hot cider there's
usually shit for kids to play on
sure rich
I'm prettier I know that rich has never
been varmint shooting I know that one I
can answer that one for you because a
rich has never shot a gun yeah he has
told me so I don't trust myself with a
gun but yeah these people are all dead
everyone I'm just dead Oh is there
anything I can do
what is this a supply room yeah what
does it do miss employment
it's a doomed supply room I can't I
can't beat that stun Lancer and not get
murdered by everything else so we're
just taking off your fucking waste very
sorry
and you know what Tiberius Kirk I'm with
you Tiberius Kirk says guns are fine you
have a driver's license
that's like handling a 3,000 pound gun
every time you're behind the wheel sure
I agree I guns can be safe if you you
know treat them with the respect him and
shooting range no that's when I
accidentally shoot someone next to me
I'm awkward and clumsy and I'm waving
around the gun and just Safety's not on
my mind I'm just bad to the brain and
website I shot the instructor in the bed
whoops he's dead forever now as opposed
to being dead temporarily you know that
could happen you know weird our internet
personality goes berserk at shooting
range claims accidents it's it's very
different
once you're there once there is a lie
I'm gonna do it once there is it oh I'm
not gonna do it you sing in general
hopefully if there is a gloated gun in
your hand you slow down and start you
know I am figuring you wise enough to
know myself I think that's a smart
decision that's right thank you
CJ I agree I agree jános me go into the
shooting range that one time we did it
though I love the shooting range I would
like to go back sometime anytime all
right go go we'll go to that we'll go to
the good shooting range what makes it
what makes one shooting range better
than another a more extensive gun rental
list okay I'm gonna get up and stretch
Oh cuz you know you go to you go to the
one you just bring your own and it's
just like I see the same old gun same
old gun right sure but you go to the one
where you can rent different guns you
can shoot all sorts of weird shit it's
great okay like you could shoot like a
big old six-shooter like Magnum gun like
the kind the Dirty Harry uses oh my god
it's awesome you know you could shoot
you know like a
millimeter machine gun like a police
issue thing which is by the way so
accurate that it's scary oh yeah yeah
well I would assume that's the case if
it's a police issue gun well like a nine
millimeter is relatively low caliber and
then it's like a big thing and it's got
a shoulder butt on it so you have some
nice laser scope kind of thing that was
beautiful
Jack sounds the time I enjoy the gun
range okay now shooting guns is fun if
you do it responsibly be responsive you
have to be responsible responsible gun
ownership right that's what I'm about
market
