Episode 506
Are you sick of XCOM 2 yet? (part 2)
April 16, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PjVjVc14k4
___________________________________________

but I'm very invested in that series for
pry the magician you're absolutely right
Batman vs Superman is going to be a
literal clusterfuck they only have time
to introduce these characters for like
five minutes before they all have to
fight that's listen that's gonna be the
least of the movies clusterfuck e
problems probably should just focused on
Batman and Superman
or you know focused on Batman in a
different movie and brought them
together so then we know him when we go
into a Batman Superman movie wouldn't it
be amazing if we had all sorts of Batman
backstory in our brain when we watch the
Batman vs. Superman movie well the
problem with that so many Batman reboots
yeah there's so many I think they maybe
they partially wanted to avoid the fact
that there would be rebooting Batman
again but they're already rebooting
Batman again in the movie you know I
don't know there's no good answer
the problem is everybody knows Batman at
this point yeah so you don't necessarily
need his backstory again but this is a
new Batman you know it's the first time
we're seeing in this role in this Batman
universe apparently there was a Robin
who's dead oh really
the in the trailer you see a Robin suit
with like Joker writing on it this is
that man for that has like a crazy
backstory which I'm sure is good well
the movie is two and a half hours long
they've got plenty of time there you go
only the last two hours we'll be
punching the only plenty of extra time
for backstory punching punching dick
punch let's see here November tango 19
on the note of TV what's your opinion on
Vikings on History Channel I love it but
I feel as though the episodes drag on a
bit and the action is poorly paced have
you seen Viking I have not seen Vikings
but I believe that's to show the gym
from Canada works on or did work on yes
but I've never watched it I also I think
that is one that's actually like written
and acted by actual historians okay so
it's boring is what your snotty I hear
very good things about not if it's done
by historians I'm sure it's boring
Jim's involved so it's got to be good
I'm sure the visual effects are amazing
but I have not watched the show they go
let's see here
hey dudes has J seen good night mommy I
have I was horribly disappointed bye
good night mommy
the trailer was the greatest thing that
sounds like a children's book no it's
like a creepy horror
it's Animus tree and horror yeah that's
an Austrian or movie and it's I the
problem is I figured out the twist in
the first five minutes
uh-huh which made the rest of the movie
boring and it lacked any sort of tension
so it looked great I was really
impressed by the trailer I thought it
was gonna be this creepy slow-moving
atmospheric thing and I it didn't work
for me
there's like a 10-minute stretch when
the kids have the mom tied up to the bed
that I thought was kind of tense and
unsettling but that was it so I was
disappointed unfortunately I was looking
forward to it
that's too bad when you when you when
you get a head of the filmmaker yeah
well especially because there's this
part in the trailer where it's
manipulating what actually happens in
the movie in the trailer it looks like
the moms in bed and a little cockroach
crawls up by your mouth and then she
eats it that's the way it looks in the
trailer it looks like the bomb eats this
cockroach but in the movie that doesn't
happen at all it's two completely
different scenes that they put together
to make it look like the mom is eating a
cockroach the mom doesn't eat the
cockroach and I was horribly
disappointed by that that's such a J's
day I wouldn't be disappointed if the
trailer didn't make it look like the mom
eats the cockroach right also one of the
recommend 45 years I swear it's not a
grandma movie do you know if have you
heard of 45 I think it's the one we
mentioned on this last half of the bag
that I say I don't know what the fuck
that is it's recommended by someone who
wants to know about good night mummy
okay I will look into it
one small ball says that scene with the
rock was nothing I flexed my cast off
when I had my circumcision
that's you you was unrelated though he
had a cast on his arm so it was kind of
weird a lot of people have a lot of
things to say at this I can hear that
yeah
rich yes says bad green gamer the
answer's no if you were to get a
beginners Warhammer 40k set as a gift
would you like them pre-painted just to
play the tabletop game or would you like
to paint them yourself yeah okay I know
I would do a terrible job so pre-painted
I can always repaint them I didn't like
it that's true oh pardon me tortured
biscuit hey guys nice playing rich thank
you thank you have you guys seen the
raid movies
I'm just curious cuz you never talk
about martial arts movies and they're
definitely the best recent ones uh yeah
I keep hearing how great those raid
movies are and I have not watched them
they're on my list it's high on my list
yeah there's supposed to be great yep I
really want to see raid and I really
want to see attack the block I didn't
care much for attack the block a lot of
people love that movie
yeah I've ever heard I've heard a lot of
good things about that III didn't think
it was it's it's sort of like a sci-fi
action II comedy but I didn't feel like
any of those elements were strong enough
so just kind of was muddled for me okay
a lot of people love that movie though
mmhmm yeah the raid supposed to be good
I know I know the dread was like
inspired a lot by I don't think it was
inspired I think it was a coincidence
that they both came out around the same
time and they both take place almost
completely in an apartment building Oh
was that that's as far as I know that's
the only real connection oh okay but I
remember when dread came out yeah a lot
of people were saying this is similar to
the raid but oh and I took that to mean
it was inspired vibe no I don't think
there's any similarities other than the
fact that they both take place almost
completely in though one building well
then there you go
as far as I know there you go Jay Texas
Chainsaw 2
equals best sequel canon ever made yes
it's one of my favorite Canon movies
period I love Texas Chainsaw Massacre -
yeah well there you go the shout factory
artwork also looks great
yep I got that oh no I don't have that
shelf factory I have the arrow blu-ray
of the UK blu-ray which I don't think
I'll buy at the screen factory one just
because I don't think it'll top that
arrow release oh my god need some water
we need many things many things in life
and what my sparkly water
it's Baikal's it's spiked of water whoo
oh here's a new question has the witch
seen Jay yet the answer is I don't know
I hope not because that would be super
spooky the fuck probably dreaming long
enough to stand up let's start our
stand-up timer now I just got up wake up
okay I'm gonna stand up again stretch it
out stretch it out bitch bitch
start my day that timer now okay I'm
gonna start my new stand-up timer now
we're gonna call that an hour
all right and just as a reminder I have
not seen the witch yet okay it's been
five seconds have you seen the wish yeah
I know the movies probably longer than
five seconds I just watched it on my
phone jack and his standing fetish I do
I have a stand I'm sexually attracted to
standing up executed yes unnatural you
got to shut down that network rich oh
maybe not that's all the way I'm fuckin
up there and then where's my hammer no
it's right there it's in the Train turn
and a half to polish it off do you have
to get a hacker there just someone close
wait
I'm getting there I'm getting there
you're getting behind I'm getting behind
let's see here it's in there and checks
it ain't check this mascot - hey Jack
rich J thank you so much for introducing
me - they might be giants ah I listen to
flood while at work last night and
couldn't help but smile yeah that's
great
They Might Be Giants is brilliantly yeah
can you talk about how flood isn't their
best album again after after after rich
was like flood is the only thing that
matters I went I I'm a huge they might
be Giants fan I have every single one of
their albums and after rich made the
preposterous claim that flood was the
only matte album that mattered I
listened to all their albums say the
only one the best by far by far their
best I've come to the conclusion that
every single day Might Be Giants album
is their best for different reasons
oh my god rich that was painful yeah in
truth I would argue that factory
showroom is their best what songs are on
that one s/he XXY New York City okay
exquisite Dead Guy oh yeah we've got
amongst my favorites XTC versus Adam Ant
I can hear you the one that they
recorded at the Edison Museum live an
amazing amazing yeah that's a good album
and by the way speaking of on Sunday
someone mentioned that they this tour
that they might be giant is on might be
their last I have confirmed that oh
really
they have not said stated for sure but
they're saying they think this is their
last tour and they're coming to Turner
hall oh okay I immediately bought to the
next month in fact oh wow okay so they
will be at Turner hall which would be an
amazing
a little bit on the expensive there like
30 bucks 30 bucks for in for Turner hall
that's kind of expensive but to see they
might be giants one more time before
they're all through easy maybe I can
drag carry them for that you need to do
you mean I mean you if you have if
you've never seen them live you should
yeah I got a chance to see them at a
small venue in Madison close to 16 years
ago and I'm gonna bring the shoe that
John Landsberg signed to Turner hall to
see if I fly now is signing 30 well 30
$30 isn't expensive for most venues but
Turner halls kind of a smaller venue
it's standing room only so there's no
assigned seats so I mean I think $30 is
expensive it depends on the concert and
depends on the venue yeah I mean there's
a yeah yeah I think that would be theirs
now some US states announced for John
Carpenter the closest he's coming to
here is Detroit okay and tickets are
like 80 bucks
Oh something like that 70 bucks 80 bucks
I'm just like that would be a once once
in a lifetime thing yeah like cuz he's
older I doubt he would to were much more
after this I guess it's possible but
Detroit's a bit of a drive and Detroit's
like six hours from here yeah cuz you
got to go around the lake yeah so that's
that's it's in July I think so I don't
know if I can justify it as much as I as
I would like to if Chicago no question
of course even even like and I would pay
80 bucks for Chicago but even lucky
bucks in Detroit having to drive there
and you'd have to get a hotel the whole
thing even if it was the Twin Cities and
that's like a five hour drive to that's
more of a straight shot than Detroit
yeah well I am the twin city is a nicer
to visit that I'm sure Detroit is
fucking Detroit Detroit but I mean to
see him live I know I know it's tempting
it is
but so I bought I bought a couple
tickets today might be Giants because
it's there it's possibly their last two
are they are important to me like and as
far as best albums concerned like their
self-titled their first album was so
weird
you can't even how can like that album
should not exist it's the strangest
thing so important or like am I thinking
of is it is it john henry with like anna
Inge and snail shell like kind of more
more straight-up rockin they might be
giants everything they do is amazing I
don't know any I like I know a lot of
their songs but I don't know any albums
like I'm bad with albums I've heard all
these miscellaneous songs sure I'm like
mixes and stuff so it's you know I only
know just because they are my favorite
band like Apollo 8 everyone needs to own
Apollo 18 everyone needs to have Apollo
18 in their music collection just for
shuffle because the end of Apollo 18 is
the fingertips montage where it is 15 3
second songs oh yeah and it's it's crazy
it's done and you need that in your
shuffle just so when you're shuffling
through music every once in a while if
three seconds they will pop up and put a
smile on your face they're playing at
Turner it's a good venue for them good
oh they might be joints
oh my god if they might be giants we're
playing at the Borg ward oh Jesus that
would be amazing they would never do
though they would never do that
one because it's shut down and two
because I think they have standards they
don't want to work in a tiny closet with
no working bathroom in a shitty
neighborhood that's not something they
would be interested in doing right
November tango 19 guys what's your
opinion on piracy I have for a couple
films and I have for a couple of films
and my internet sucks so I downloaded my
favorite rlm episode so I can see Jack's
beautiful dome in 1080p piracy in
general I do not pirate things
the only things I've only torrents I've
ever gotten are things that are
completely unavailable in any way where
nobody is losing money on it but in
general no I do not
the smaller you are the more it hurts
there's that too yeah people have but
the thing is like people getting that
mindset of like it doesn't matter the
size of it anymore I just want it yeah
you know it's like and they have that
mindset of like it's a big studio movie
they're gonna make all their money
anyway so I'll just take it yep I'll
just get you know my own copy of it but
that you know trickles down where you
try and come up with justifications for
anything that you torrent but ya know it
it it hurts it hurts people on our
levels so it hurts I would say it hurts
on every level because that very layer
at very least it's skewing the the
metrics you know uTorrent Star Wars The
Force awakens especially if you already
paid to see the theater I don't give a
shit I don't give a shit if you if you
torrent like the small little indie band
they they only made like a thousand
dollars off their album utorid that yeah
you're a monster look at the battery
that movie I was talking about earlier
the zombie my friends maybe they got
fucked by piracy yeah
they yeah because they they I guess they
tracked down like how many downloads
there there you go
got completely fucked because of that it
hurts the creative people who are taking
risks yeah and they don't have the
resources right that's what kills yeah I
don't I don't like the fact that it's
called piracy because I think that's how
people start that justification yeah I'm
just it's I'm making a copy of it that's
not the same as I've heard people try
and justify it to is saying it's the
same as like DVR in a TV show I've heard
that yes it's exactly like DVR in a show
and then uploading it to the Internet
for hundreds of thousands of people to
take no feeling no matter if it's the
force awakens or a small production
company's movie you are stealing
something I can't stop you from doing it
but if you do it and you enjoy the thing
you pirated don't find a way to give
these people money yes sure
agreed but I I think I pirated this oh I
really enjoyed it
oh yeah they're not getting anything out
of me why should they make anything else
yeah is what you're saying yeah agreed
i if you do I know you do I know you do
and you enjoy the things you're pirating
find some way to give these people money
for the thing you enjoyed yeah it's
important yeah the only the only things
I've ever turned to they're like a the
entire series of Freddy's nightmares The
Nightmare nostri TV show because this is
absolutely not available in any way the
minute it's available commercially I
will purchase it but it is it is
impossible to get in any format so like
an example I have used this game called
Harvest Moon came out at the Super
Nintendo and no fanfare wasn't a very
publicized game came out near the end of
the super Nintendos life years and years
later when Nintendo roms became a thing
yeah I saw this ROM for a game called
Harvest Moon not a firming simulator
sounds weird I never would have I never
would have paid money for it yeah I
never would have bought it I haven't
seen a shelf that sounds weird but since
I could be higher in it I did and you
know what I really fucking enjoyed it
I bought the next four games in the
series sight unseen hmm
I made sure I gave them money
because I like what I saw mm-hmm well
you know that's that's that's very close
to the the valve steam argument where
they they combated video game piracy by
making it easier to buy video games yeah
you know oh what if we have sales what
if they can get them digitally and it
did great gangbusters and you know I'm
all for that
I I have made it I I have pirated in the
past not since I've become a
professional sure I make it a point
never to pirate anything ever because
that would be incredibly hypocritical of
me but Jack what I really want this
thing yeah and I don't have any money
oh okay well though I should just take
it right no that's not how that's not
how it worked that's not a proper
justification no or like I loved the
game of Thrones justification where it's
just like but but I have to wait until
it comes out on the oh yeah people do
that too it won't come out on DVD until
next month and I want to watch it now
yeah that that doesn't count that's not
a proper justification it's still
stealing you see but I don't have HBO
and I want to watch it well you that's
why you get HBO or don't watch it I
wanted to see ash vs. Evil Dead and then
I did not have stars but thankfully
Amazon streaming had add-ons you can get
with different nations yeah so for the
time that ash vs. Evil Dead was on I
subscribe to the Stars section of that
yep so I could watch the show there you
go
and you know what you've helps you've
also helped their metrics Oh people
really like this ash vs. Evil Dead
because they I can see that because they
gave money just for this one specific
thing only oh now we can give more money
to them and you help you're helping yes
that's gonna hide you stealing it's not
piracy you are stealing something all
the time Dubey sandwich has this very
serious question oh okay this is a
serious question if hypothetically
YouTube terminates the red letter media
account and you are unable to recover it
yes do you have a contingency plan in
place for your videos old and new yes we
think ahead yep there you go there you
go
I assume he could see it would when it
was announced that blip was gonna shut
down like you could see the writing on
the wall well before it happened so we
were planning for it I assume you have
everything backed up and everything is
backed up on hard drives that's
something I don't remember who it was I
saw something like a couple different
content creators talking about that
primarily used blip you wanna shut down
there like so I'm losing all my videos
you don't have them backed up anywhere
dude like that's insane that's rule
number one we don't know we don't just
have the final episodes backed up we
have the entire edits bagged up and the
footage the entire projects the footage
but you got to keep track of that stuff
not only backed up but like backed up
implies that there are multiple copies
yeah you need your working copy and then
your backup copy in case you're working
contract it craps oh the only reason I'm
implying that I'm being that I'm
overstating this whole piracy stealing
thing is because I've heard people make
the argument that piracy is not stealing
because all you're doing is making a
copy right well that's yeah that's like
what I was saying about the DVR thing
right it's like no you're not just
making a copy though well but but even
that so they sell the copies yeah
a copy is worth something and so you are
still stealing and so that's why I'm
harping on that so long chat
okay red letter media does have a
contingency plan extremely ordinary
Stefan J you said that you are pretty
much numb to violence in movies what was
the last movie that really disgusted you
except Adam Sandler movies bone tomahawk
have you heard about this movie yeah
which is a great movie and everyone
should watch it Western with Kurt
Russell it's its western town versus
cannibals and it's not a horribly
violent movie for most of the running
time which makes the one scene of
graphic violence to stand out much more
and it it it made my jaw drop it did
exactly what it should have done what it
was trying to do mm-hm and it's a really
good movie - oh fuck
that's what Jay said when watching bone
Tom Bowen tomahawk is a really really
great movie really great performances
Kurt Russell Richard Jenkins and
surprising performance by Matthew Fox
from lost oh he's really great in the
movie I like him in general he's blond
like he's the main guy and lost he's
normal man normal man guy that's who he
plays did you ever see smoking aces okay
this is a fun action movie yes here's a
very small role in smoking aces and it's
great okay
also he's in the Speed Racer oh yes
which I've still never seen I remember
you were saying that it's got a bad rap
I am so into speed racing I will forever
be a speed racer apologist not even
apologist I think it's legitimately good
dude three action and she's nowhere near
anything else oh joy stupa every once in
a while I'd check out the red letter
media subreddit I don't know about its
degeneracy but that's just kind of read
it in general
it goes in waves but I'm on there every
once in a while I know there was a
discussion on the subreddit recently
about someone someone was legitimately
asking how me as a grown adult has yet
to figure out how to do finger quotes
and it was very important to them to
figure out how does how does an adult
not know how to do finger quote that's
very insensitive of them it's very bring
out your horrible condition and I've
been I've been telling people like I'm
working with the physical therapist to
fix me yes you know and like and I think
I'm getting close like I might one day
at a time Jack one day I know it's like
it's baby steps and eventually it'll all
click but like one day I'm gonna be able
to do that and I'm really I'm really
excited about them just keep trying I'm
just gonna keep trying I'm gonna keep
working every day I'm glad that people
on the internet are very concerned about
you variations learned about it ah turbo
Jesus 5000 rich
have you read the Michael Crichton books
pray or the Andromeda Strain nope I feel
like they would be right up your dark
dank slightly urine scented ally both
quality and thoughtful sci-fi which
maybe I should I have her address and
park yeah I call that's I mean hopefully
yeah well hopefully most people are
crazy that's a good book
this is short enough that rapid-fire
animation that should be it needs to be
quick it does these are the important
thing get get your shit together people
people who make a game I'm not doing my
physical rehabilitation at the emperor
palpatine physical mainly because it's
not a real place
I would assume mostly because not yeah
let's see here
owl and Fox would like to know what
happened to the half in the bag episode
46 with warm bodies in movie 43 there's
no video
oh yeah there's just the movie 43 bits
um we just never really did it doesn't
mean we won't just means we haven't we
were really good about making sure
everything was was reloaded once blip
went down but that wasn't for whatever
reason cracks fill in the cracks fill in
the cracks and we've just been busy with
other stuff and haven't bothered to
reload it well Alvin Alvin noticed well
thank you for noticing we will get taken
care of eventually there you go that's
kind of a blob a soda site from the
movie 43 discussion and the movie 43
discussion is on youtube so it wasn't a
top priority okay sure
anonymous would like to know if rlm ever
breaks up who gets guardianship of rich
what Micro Jay uh you do Jack what we've
decided what he's moving in with you
that was never part of the deal okay
rich you get to move in oh I get to move
in but I out I feel so unwanted I was
getting I have one condition Jack you up
steak no you have to take him oh that
wasn't that we decided that it would be
in your best interest oh this isn't
trying to pawn you off on anyone we
thought it would be the the in the
warmest environment for you play all the
games to get it you come over we could
play other games together we'll make a
little rich bed for you a foot fresh hay
and sheets on it everybody put food in
your rich ball
I'm not scooping your rich box though
hey you all I hate you all know I don't
need to get rid of biscuit rich has been
over a couple of times and it's doing as
done fine with biscuit biscuit is a
hypoallergenic cat I have a question
about hypoallergenic cats or hypo
there's hypo hypoallergenic dogs too
right yes in both cases I know nothing
about this so this might be a dumb
question
do they shed yes they do shed for every
month but you're going to say to this
shed do this shit I think if they come
up with a design for an animal I'd be
more inclined to get a pet they do shed
I mean I guess that makes sense they're
very very much so okay I don't know if
it was like if they did if it was less
so or I believe the the the idea behind
most hypoallergenic animals is actually
that they are much hairier than normal
because it's not the hair that causes
the allergies it's usually the dander
like the staff legs yeah the more hair
the tightly woven hair means that less
skin flakes are getting out all right I
believe that to be true much like bullet
density perhaps I'm not the expert yeah
okay I didn't I just didn't know if he
knew of him as biscuit is an incredibly
hairy cat okay I brush biscuit every
other day yeah with like the special
hairbrush and I get a hair ball that is
the size of a kid see I would be more
inclined to get a pet if they didn't
shed ever because we had cats at my old
place and I hated it
hair everywhere all the time regardless
of how much you clean up after him and I
hated it so I need to get a hairless pet
that's the only solution telecon I'm
sorry if I missed your tip question hold
on let me let me highlight you telegin
and then you can tell me I don't see it
but I have you up here so tell me
ask your question in chat and I will I
will I don't see it I'm sorry hey things
are getting away from me things are
getting away from me yes
you know the FIR for a short period we
work at free
we had cats before we had the boys and
the cants did not like the boys Oh
Sheriff so we had to get rid of the cats
because you know humans win did you
consider getting rid of the boys you
know we talked about it do you make a
pro and con list yes yeah the whole
thing boys won because we knew that
eventually there would be a point in
which we wouldn't have to clean up their
shit yeah it's never-ending with cats I
guess cats and dogs you never have to
stop cleaning up their shit ya have to
stop oh you killed her I'm gonna be
pissed but uh so for a while we were we
were pet free and those were gloriously
hair free years I mean not just this
hair but you know you never have to
worry about like a piece of hair on a
piece of clothing you never have to like
check yourself before you leave the
house yeah see I can't stand that it's
tough we love biscuit I like I like
animals I like cats and dogs but I would
not be able to stand owning one because
of the hair it's true so I'm getting it
I get a pet I'm gonna get a hairless
thing if it if it wasn't the the
children were the tipping point and they
were very adamant about getting an
animal if it were just up to me nothing
nothing yeah but the children can be
persuasive the children can be annoying
yeah and I said like I'll be less
annoying miss yeah I can shut them up
here's the thing I can shut them up with
didn't even need it
shotgun shotgun I tell you shotgun oh
sure sorry could not have done that this
fucking office ah Lord Belmont
I had a small hypoallergenic dog that
didn't shed called
a Maltese
horrible J should get one also did J see
the witch yet no update I've not seen
the witch yet we have dogs are better
than cats anyway we have about a half an
hour before they did JC the witch update
okay so you know dogs are fun dogs are
good we had dogs growing up and I always
like the dogs but I hate the hair
everywhere as a kid you don't have to
worry about that my parents deal with it
right now I get yourself a poodle no
hair no slobber only greatness no no I
like poodles I know people that have had
poodles I just want to kick him yeah
there's some about poodles
what was that dog that I was hating Yap
dogs in general yeah I like small dogs
like I wouldn't want a big dog I like
little or guys I get a big I'd get a big
gross dog I was watching the dog show
the Westminster Dog Show or whatever
this year whatever it's called the dog
show that happens after after the
Thanksgiving Day Parade yeah
Westminster yeah yeah okay and they had
a dog on there that looked like a dog
from blood-borne and apparently so it
was just like this big like beast of a
dog it was it was called like I'm
someone tell me what it was called again
you told me in the in the chat what it
was called it was like a like a hunting
hound or something or not it was it was
a weird creepy name - and it was this
big spindle a dog with creepy hair it's
like oh I want that dog it was great ooh
a wolf hound maybe that was it I'll be
back
terribly wreck the oh yes the Irish
Wolfhound those are beautiful dogs
beautifully creepy dogs gigantic yes I
like big dogs
are you doing now we're doing okay
actually have you lost anyone not this
mission okay at last to mission Joyce
nice I've lost two people this whole
this whole playthrough right now oh
that's great
you saw one of them oh yeah yeah yeah
they are they are dr. Seuss looking dogs
Irish Wolfhounds amazing creatures I
would definitely get something like that
and I can say something I can say that
because I just won't get a dog and so
like in my head I'll get the weirdest
dog imaginable because I just will never
get a dog Oh also something I wanted to
mention before might not matter to
anyone right now
but twitch is starting to in-state a new
thing for for previously recorded videos
yeah the chat memory you can now watch a
video of a previous broadcast on twitch
and turned the chat on to see what
people were saying what people were
saying in the chat during the video huh
I think that's kind of a neat idea yeah
I know a lot of people who watch the
videos later on don't get to experience
the chat and that's part of the fun and
twitch is saying you can do that now yes
so all of your lame jokes are being
recorded but I think that's a neat thing
twitch is instating chat memory Oh
past broadcasts so if you watch past
broadcast you can actually see what the
chat was saying okay
but don't they delete the videos after
so long they do okay they do they delete
the bad ass broadcast but we also cut
them up and send them to YouTube right
we also cut you we also cut them up and
archive them on Twitch so you can watch
either I don't know if they will save
the chat for the what do you call them
highlights I would doubt it / I would
doubt it as well changes the algorithm
or the mechanics the digital of the
Bicentennial yeah Miquel go rhythms mic
algorithms see ya son of Brina I think
that's more important Irish Wolfhounds
have a lower life expectancy than
smaller dogs that's even better because
then it'll die and get out of your way
oh I love this dog now it's dead great
don't need a dog anymore done with that
don't what the hell huh that's how I am
when family members die mm-hmm well
that's done
they're gone jacket rich I just watched
your Star Wars conversation and would
everybody did apparently and would
really like to get yours especially
Rich's opinion on a theory of who raise
raised family connection Luke Luke this
isn't a question I think it's I think
that's too obvious I don't think they
care that it's on us it's gonna be Luke
that's yeah unfortunately I would like
it not to be I'm saying some sort of
obi-wan connection I like that
like because you hear Obi Wan's voice in
her little flashback dream sequence yep
I think it would be a better world if it
wasn't Luke yeah I agree
not just the Star Wars world is our
world the world we live it would be
are you gonna shoot right are you gonna
shoot ooh just can't reach well I have
other options oh I know I know
she's a Palpatine get weird with it why
not right
I mean I said that it didn't JJ Abrams
say the script for the next one is
weirder and goes in much different
direction that's what I want cuz
everyone's not everyone's but one of the
biggest complaints about force awakens
is that's so similar to a new hope yeah
and to me it's like I get it I get why
they would do that with that movie and I
was fine with it because you're
reintroducing people to what Star Wars
used to feel like before the prequels
that's a good and I'm ok with it as long
as the next one goes in its own path
sure which I think was the plan is you
know a Stan tree established this world
will you know hit a bunch of familiar
beats to kind of ease you into it
mmm and now we have all these new
interesting characters established now
they can go off and do their own thing
if the next one is more callbacks and
more you know like if it's really
similar to Empire or something yeah you
know retro actively make me like the
force awakens less oh ok so no they have
an opportunity here yeah they I like the
way you put that reintroducing people to
how they should feel about Star Wars
yeah that's what that movie was yeah I
know some people didn't like that they
they didn't like that it followed a new
hope so closely but I as a set up for a
new series I was ok with it okay as long
as they now go in their own direction
that's the important part let's see here
anonymous says when is the 5 hour
director's cut of space cop coming out
never I don't know ok
lasers also anonymous says Jay have you
seen the italian-american sequels to the
Evil Dead known as the La Casa series I
think I saw one of them specifically
witchery witchery starring Linda Blair
and David Hasselhoff
I own it that came out on a double pack
with a scream factory released so its
witchery in another movie called ghost
house but I have not watched them yet No
okay so I have them I like that Linda
Blair and I'm sure the movies flock so
well Linda Blair and David Adler David
has a long can only hope yeah that's so
fucked up like when when there's an
Italian release of a movie and they just
label it as a sequel to something else
that used to be a thing they can do that
they did that
so yeah this witchery movie with the
Linda Blair they called it like Evil
Dead
I guess he will let three because I
think that would have been before army
of Darkness but they have all series of
them there's like an evil that three
Evil Dead for them nothing to do with
Neville dead in any way but we discover
we discovered that for the ninja movies
right like ninja one ninja - ninja three
well that doesn't even do with foreign
releases oh right but they were just
like yeah nothing to do with the other
one yeah it's a recognizable name
there's also I think he's yeah Italian
Bruno Matai is the director's name who
just made his own Terminator 2 he just
released a movie called Terminator 2
because apparently that's something you
can do yeah fairly there you go I think
we have a copy of it here actually so
that's probably a good best of the worst
movie that's great then we're doing it
great lord Belmont have you guys seen
that Alamo Drafthouse video that shames
the girl that left an angry voicemail
after Oh her out for texting yes I've
seen that it's funny they're strict
about that they're as they should be
that's where you go see a movie like the
which you're not to deal with dummies
mm-hmm
also it sounds like a Maltese would be
great for Jane
it says Lord Belmont all right here we
go I've always wanted that for the nicer
movie theaters like maybe like some
cubby holes mmm like before you go into
the movie put your phone put stuff in
and we'll lock it up nobody can take it
just put your phone into cubby hole but
Jack what if I want to check my email
during the movie yeah but why would you
but why would you why would you want to
do that cuz I want to but your was I can
but you're paying to watch a movie
there's nothing happening in the scene
is this people talking about stuff I
don't care I'm here for the second
screen experience I'm waiting to sync my
phone with the movie so I can get more
information about the characters in the
world I hate that there's they they
announced something like that before
episodes of The Walking Dead it's time
to start your second screen experience
oh that's still a things dude i remember
when i got Tron Legacy on blu-ray there
was like an app you could get to have a
second screen thing that's the only time
I've ever heard of it being used for
anything because you know we want you
not to watch the thing we made look away
little me for a home video release like
something like Tron Legacy like
obviously I bought that because I had
already seen the movie for repeat
viewings it makes sense but something
like watching Walking Dead for the first
time that episode screen experience
apparently people really liked it there
there's one for Game of Thrones that
gives a map of Westeros that tells you
where the scene is taking place ah which
is very important because that shows
confusing is fuck sharing and sounds
like oh this is where this is this is
who this land belongs to like it gives
you that kind of background experience
the second screen background experience
tell a gun rich what do you write do you
think Snoke is Darth Plagueis shit like
asked you to all these stars questions
and you couldn't you couldn't care even
less than I do I know I think they know
that he's a name we know and he's the
the only name we know I could think of
who would be an evil mastermind
that's not Palpatine he doesn't act
anything like Palpatine yeah so yes
whatever who gives a shit
rich who was a better starship Captain
Kirk or Picard Picard
you know what Kirk I think Kirk got Kirk
Oh actually it might be Kirk just
because I think he had to do more with
less you know what it's an apples and
oranges type situation but actually
before we get that no rich didn't just
shoot a disabled battle mech that battle
mech has two forms first you need to
kill the driver and then you need to
kill the automated suit so he shot at
the suit after killed the driver so I
think it's an apples and oranges
situation with Kirk and Picard where the
technology was so less in the Kirk phase
that he had to do more with less
yeah but Picard has more
responsibilities and I think handles
them better so I say Bar yeah I say
Picard just because you know like he had
to deal with people like living on his
ship family's growing on his ship you
know he had more responsibilities
there's more interesting character
though I I've always preferred Picard
yeah he he had he has his strong moral
line and that was the basis of the show
that was all the good episodes was was
sticking to your morals and how we're
gonna stick to our morals
whereas Kirk was just like I don't know
let's go here punch some aliens fuck
some bitches kind of refreshing see a
character who's there's things diplomacy
yeah politics and diplomacy is Picard's
thing who's great not wonderful it's
great
we're both Emperor looking Stein I think
I have a Ford
did you think his laser thorns gonna be
leaf flip but early to week maybe just
you the rich if you look at the scar on
his face and compare it with this frame
from episode three you can clearly tell
that this is going to be episode six
Jack what episode six
no no I'm saying if you look at it from
Episode three heaven isn't a factor
anymore you can clearly tell that this
is a distant relative of General
Grievous here's the thing like I like
the force awakens I'm interested in the
next one yeah there's nothing more
boring to me than speculating on that
story I just want to go see the movie
and experience it and be surprised when
things happen listen to Jay everybody
that's it
I there's nothing more boring than
talking about star wars right now do you
know what speculation gets you nothing
yeah let's say this let's say you
speculate and you're right right like
you let's say you figure out who Snoke
is gonna be what do you win the smoke of
wood that's exactly noon wins a smokey
and that's nothing just watch the movie
yeah enjoy the movie when it comes out
oh shit now you started a shitstorm rich
Star Wars fans let's see here oh hold on
and there's more firm from Telecom Jay
if you could live in the universe of
Battlefield Earth troll 2 or the room
which would you pick anyway Louis
Battlefield Earth troll 2 or the room
yeah the room it's the least dangerous
place seems like a fun place you've
played football yeah you just play
football yeah I just walk into other
people's apartments whenever you feel
like it seems like a pretty happy place
yeah yeah they go they roll - you're
gonna get turned into a fucking plan a
fucking plant yeah Battlefield Earth you
got a deal with Scientology Oh
my god could you turn that down a little
bit you know this time it's actually
impossible that is actually impossible
all right let's see here um um UNK Dan
85 how are you guys with Jackie Chan
here's five dollars towards City Hunter
the most bizarre of his films probably
love your stuff I love Jackie Chan I
like him I haven't seen a lot of his
stuff
I saw rumble in the Bronx when it came
out that was the big US release haven't
you gone back and seen any of his like
his film not really I think I saw I did
watch some in high school after a rumble
in the browser I think I saw a fuck what
did I even see like drunken master is
his big one police story police there
was at the time yeah that was they just
made a plea story three like last year
for some reason but yeah no I have not
seen a lot of his stuff I have I enjoy
it a lot
Batman they there was a really fun I
want to say swords ladies and gentlemen
swords you just whiffed with your sword
these wards yeah Thord them if game rich
doesn't like him there I think every
frame is a painting the YouTube channel
did a really neat look back on Jackie
Chan movies and like what makes his
where's he from is he from Jackie Stone
Vania I don't know what country he's
from oh I'm sure that he is from the
Bronx yes why that's why he was
grumbling in there I have no idea why
his why the movies he made in his own
country are so much superior to the ones
he made in America is because he got
apparently a ton more freedom oh sure to
you know get the shot exactly right well
Anna and do specific stunts I'm sure
that they wouldn't allow him to do here
and more importantly they allowed him
the time to plan his stunts correctly
hmm
so he's Chinese thank you yeah I was
just looking that up China so the movies
he made in China and they are they're
great go go watch a Jackie Chan movie an
old Jackie Chan movie they're all
fantastic Oh blue I'm sorry nobody died
though how are they probably got fucked
out of injuries it's gonna be painful
five wounded yuck
and that's everyone everyone's wounded
no I had sex okay
ieave Act two before they died oh did
you yeah well that's fine they were
covered with acid but like one in three
health I hate that acid ah sick says hey
rich what are you looking forward to
there what are you looking forward to
Mass Effect Andromeda at all what I I'm
not looking forward to it at all I'm not
going to play the game or look at it or
think about it
Oh Sirius is dead to me there you go
maybe the question is are you looking
forward to so the answer is no rich do
you think Snoke will have a double
bladed saber in the shape of a tuning
fork I think he's gonna have like a a
cat of nine tails like several is gonna
be a whip and then the end of each lash
it's just gonna be a lightsaber oh
that's great that would be so cool so
fucking retard would be like a Naga
Indiana Jones that's not even that dumb
an idea in Star Wars terms I'm sure
that's happened in the expanded universe
I'm sure we're out of all that now
though rich someone we're in the hands
of smarter people quick find in the
expanded universe some sort of
lightsaber whip we need to know if this
exists because now that you say it I'm I
want to say I'm a hundred percent sure
there has to be there's a lightsaber
whip that's great we need a picture it's
gotta be on the cover of one of the
novels and the novel is called like the
tug of the force I guarantee it's not
called lat it's called that's what the
porn parody is called
it's called the the dark reckoning Star
Wars the dark reckoning light whips are
indeed a thing of course they of course
of course
oh wait is that okay is that a Wikipedia
stop it
someone's will compete eing me the
dumbest thing dumbest thing it's fantasy
the expanded universe stuff it's fantasy
look at the Star Wars fans it's ours is
the expanded universe they like all the
dumb anymore it's all gone we got rid of
holes Oh hold the young Jedi's I like
Jonathan we're doing I like old
unattached space with no personality
they were rolled in the very spiritual
Yoda told them Bob the fourth it's funny
because like the entire point of the
second two Star Wars movies is like
teaching Luke how not to fight literally
Luke's biggest challenge the the thing
that makes him become a Jedi is his
refusal to fight Darth Vader right
because then he has achieved the
Buddhist like a monk state and every
other star war is like the thief we can
fight more it was a word made up by a
retard to describe a fictional space
monk so light whips generally the plural
of Jedi is suck my cock on the same
principles of mechanics as lightsabers
leading a coherent beam of energy that
was used as weapon however rather than a
straight meter long blade emitted by
standard lightsabers light whips
featured long flexible blades that often
exceeded several meters in length
instead of one large crystal they
contained multiple small crystals and
the plasma in the blade had no cell
barriers to keep it straight
it appeared standard for these weapons
to emit only single blades though cat of
nine tails style
light whips with multiple tassel tassels
were not unheard of as the Sith Amelia
once owned one like lightsabers light
whips came in a variety of colors and
shades including red orange pink yellow
and green so yeah not only the important
part the important part of reading that
which I thought would be funny just
because it was so boring
the important part of reading that is
not only is a light WIPA thing but the
thing that rich made up to be ridiculous
the lights cat of nine tails is a real
thing yeah that doesn't surprise me
that already exists I Oh Star Wars Oh
stuff it's it's fantasy this is watch
just watch the movies movie have fun
watching the movie okay November tango
oh that just came out right at the wrong
time yeah right at the wrong time
November tango 19 to the Darth Plagueis
comment before me no he died at the end
of his book anyway he's done he's going
to kill himself and it's all your fault
for talking about Star Wars
I'm pretty sure like in the beginning of
Rich's life he was pretty like neutral
towards Star Wars like oh it's a fine
movie but it doesn't really affect me
you people Star Wars fans you people
have made him hate Star Wars that kind
of happens with any fandom though I
think you're right yeah I think you're
right when people let it take over their
entire lives and their entire
personalities it ruins it just enjoy the
things enjoy the just enjoy the thing
life is fleeting yeah well I should
enjoy the thing and move on but and you
know what we're not we're not saying
that you can't be a super fan like love
it Oh be excited about stuff that you
like absolutely absolutely but maybe
maybe don't talk about it to everyone
all the time or or get incredibly
irritated or upset when somebody does
not share your opinion or enthusiasm you
know I had mentioned on the last stream
that I am NOT a fan of Blade Runner yeah
I didn't say Blade Runner sucks I didn't
say I hate it no you said that you
really want I want to like Blade Runner
I've tried to like Blade Runner yeah I
it's also mentioned in this last half of
the bag so now what more people are
aware oh the fact and now it's a thing
oh I hate Blade Runner
why does J hate Blade Runner I don't
hate it
J why do you hate it why do you hate I
don't hate Blade Runner but now that's
the thing if you don't love it right as
much as I do
you hate it and somehow by the way
you're kind of like you're complicated
feelings about Blade Runner right cuz
there you gotta reduce it down to the
most simplest thing well not only that
but it also cements other people's
feeling for like people who liked Blade
Runner before you had complicated
feelings for it now love it now it's the
best you are wrong
yeah yeah and I love Blade Runner Jerry
but I understand that you can have
complicated feelings of all things like
Blade Runner is that is something I
certainly understand why people like it
yeah so of all the things to get annoyed
that I don't like that's a weird one to
me it is when I'm not adamantly against
it
saying you're stupid for like eita J why
are you trying to stop me from watching
Blade Runner that's the question you
can't enjoy Blade Runner because I don't
you're not allowed to you want to like
Blade Runner and you're not letting me
like it that's true
J's I hate monger point taken
anyways from November tengo 19 how do
you guys feel about the EU lore being
condensed in the Clone Wars show
retconning the prophecy and Obi's look
the only lore that has ever mattered to
me in Star Wars is the movies yes that's
all and that's all that should matter
you watch a movie everything should be
contained in that movie who cares about
what lore is what no no we moved on but
I was we came back to it we came back to
it I was just finishing up rich we have
here's a real question hey rich yeah
from bouts nur mustard lover Cisco or
Janeway Cisco Cisco Cisco Cisco okay
Janeway is a boob Janeway is constantly
fucking up Janeway belongs in a prison
yes Janeway has has successfully
undergone several war crimes and time
crime Jane wait her problem isn't it's
not even the acting I like I like Kate
Mulgrew Wow
yeah she does what she can with a
horribly horribly inconsistently written
character there are episodes where
Janeway she holds to her values so
strongly in the worst situations even
though it's the dumbest thing and it
almost gets everybody skilled yeah and
then there are other episodes where she
makes ridiculous compromises for little
to no gain yep she's horribly
inconsistently written yes Voyager the
problem with voyage the major problem is
the writers
lack of knowing what to do with the
premise and the series and the
characters they had no they had no balls
then that a great premise and then no
direction after that yep well I think
they were wish washing yeah goes no
ghosts I think there's ghosts I'll go
investigate there might be ghosts no
they had they had they had no
convictions they had no you know like
like we were talking about with next gen
all that show that joke or valid that
show its core value was about diplomacy
morality every episode and all the great
episodes can be tied to that central
theme and Voyager didn't have that they
had a premise not a theme we got to get
home we're very far away from home
the ship's about to blow up everyone's
dying and Jane was like we cannot give
the caissons our replicator technology
it would influence the direction of
their society then the next episode well
J well it'll take us like a several
months to go around Borg space let's
make a deal with the blur can give them
all of our technology so we can get safe
passage and we can trust them now that's
Janeway yeah well it's not chain way
that's like two different people that's
the problem that's the problem
excellent Star Trek a question it was
ghosts by the way oh good I took care of
him thanks JJ ain't afraid of no I have
read no goes one small ball says I just
watched the movie crawl for the first
time since childhood I imagine the main
hero being a Jedi who used the force to
control his weapon you know I've
actually never seen crawl I've never
seen one of those Liam Neeson is in it
is he qui-gon himself isn't it yeah but
I've never seen it that's that's that's
a very well known b-movie and I just had
never gotten around to see it I'm saying
I was younger I remember liking unkosher
yeah remember he didn't use the weapon
enough to make me happy that features
like the it was like a like a frisbee
it's a big deal like getting that weapon
and this weapons the most important
thing and then it's not even needed at
the end he uses it at the end it fails
oh really
yeah oh boiler alert for 'crawl 40 years
to watch that one let me spoil the fuck
out of some crow yep
alright the what the magic weapon
doesn't defeat the monster it's the
power of love Oh power of love and
marriage the bond a bond of married wait
I'm sorry what defeats the monster
that's horrible
that's Odin's oh no now I really want to
see it there there there there marriage
and love turns into a fire that shoots
out of their hands okay
and it murders the big monster oh my god
cuz it uses the superweapon he stabs he
throws it at the monster he just gets
like stuck in the monster and just stuck
in his hand and it didn't do anything
after the whole movie was big the glaive
is the weapon you need to harness the
power of the glaze and then whoops oh
wait I mean anyone tell them that
marriage is a more powerful weapon
because Huey Lewis wasn't around it's
okay man there I spoiled I spoiled
Crowell you did mr. shiny smile wants to
know if we've seen the Scottish
independent horror film so I'm gonna say
probably not the house of him no if you
haven't you should check it out I'm not
even heard of it the house of him
Scottish independent horror film okay so
I host a him and we're gonna get into
power
Huey Lewis at Summerfest one year yeah
big head on that guy he's got a large
head I met him that year you met him I
met him oh okay we were shooting a video
that never quite turned out and he
agreed to be in our video and he was
very snide about it oh really
but he was snide about a large head
right uh for his body he hasn't been
head I think if he if he put on a little
muscle yeah a little weight it would
look a little different no good
Oh was this time to stand up well more
importantly J oh by the way for anyone
on during I have not seen the witch yet
J has not seen the wish for the witch
and I wish I had seen the way you were
oh I wish I wish I saw that wig yeah
which witch and for everyone else if
you've been sitting stand up it's good
for your body
I just stood up to investigate the
ghosts so I'm okay okay
since we've been standing up every hour
I do feel better at the end of every
stream that's good just it just promotes
a wellness you want yeah you want you
want the blood to be flowing yeah no I
got Huey Lewis stuck in my head never a
bad thing don't need Fame don't need no
credit card to ride this train to ride
this train music you know back to the
future though yeah I don't know music
sure something something above I don't
know
