Episode 071
Plinkett v Milwaukee
April 19, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7_bPKwybmk
___________________________________________

the rent like yeah how can I am oh I
could have like be like this like he
could but it's on the side of him a
little gap Jana's just like and I'm like
oh like the time I got my own boogers
they believe that though and then you'd
never live in town you think you think
they wouldn't understand that I was that
I was joking yeah I guess I could see
some of them
he's a torturer I'm chubby I'll double
check it is great great hello everyone
doing welcome everyone welcome welcome
welcome we will be playing um not XCOM 2
tonight I just pick something on my
teeth and ate it on camera wait I don't
care did you do that for real and deal
with a snob no I just picked like him
that's my thing stuck my tongue in a
chip I guess it's a little bit of chip
yeah stuck on my toes I just picked that
if I can delete it that's known why
don't you throw it in the floor you know
well you should buy just not pick your
key your Dan you got a thing stuck in
your teeth all stream well you you know
you can there's probably some floss or
toothpick here welcome to the stream
everybody um oh so we are gonna play
superhot later that's the game that
everyone's playing right now but first
um let me find his name Adam Lee the the
guy who does the previously recorded
animated segments made a game in 48
hours he made a planket game planket
versus Milwaukee the 48 hour Edition and
we're going to play that because I
thought that would be fun this is the
the ugliest can of coke I've ever seen
in my life
that is a very ugly can of cokes don't
that's product placement we're gonna
flag for that really no not really what
I'm tired of how shitty it looks this is
really ugly product ah an update on some
of our flagged videos we we now receive
approximately 20 copyright claims a week
Wow because people are cycling through
them I received five copyright claims
for all of our rocket League videos yeah
all from CD Baby who's CD Baby CD Baby
is like an online CD distributor for
smaller artists and apparently they own
the streaming rights to all of the music
that was used in rocket Li oxic and so
like they you know they kept all the
videos up but it like this was their
scam because in looking into it I did a
little bit of research and they only
have rights if you play the complete
song outside of the video game no really
yeah
but they claimed them all anyway and so
that's their scam yeah I'll claim a
thousand videos with these songs and get
the ad revenue for two days for each of
those thousand videos boom boom boom
money and like I I countered each claim
and within a day at least yeah but still
they they had it for maybe a week that
money doesn't get overturned mm-hmm no
please don't get money I really well I
believe I actually I don't can't that
can't be right I don't know what to tell
you the truth I could be a wealthy man
making a bogus copyright claim and like
you know the the Star Wars The Force
awakens trailer that comes out yeah no
no it's my property
haha actually wonder well you know what
may they're probably not banking on that
ad revenue they're banking on the
smaller channels who don't want to fight
back yeah and then they just get to keep
claiming yeah so anyway a bunch of bogus
bunch of bogus claims bunch of normal
claims I'm handing you the motion I
don't think this is a mouse game it's
not a mouse game I think you usually
keep one oh my god so what is this game
this all I know about this game is um is
its point good vs. Milwaukee made by I
know you said once but basil say it
again because we've been bullshitting
yeah ten minutes this was made by friend
of the show I forgot
his name already Adam Lee and Adam Lee
is the one who does from the friend of
the show Adam Lee friend of the show
insert name here Adam Lee who does the
previously recorded animated who's done
a bunch of animated clips for from old
past previously recorded lives and made
this game as part of a 48-hour game jam
and wanted us to play it remember had
them play thing that if it saves
keyboard guys keep running play what
happened
unable to watch his VHS copy of Night
Court clink it vows revenge on his
repairman Mike in Jay oh my god oh my
god make sure you don't you suppose I
don't know did you hit Enter yes
Oh spice mark space unfortunately
blanket posted his revenge scheme on his
webs own something the Milwaukee police
took very seriously and so now he must
evade the police so that he can find
those hack frauds hey what are my
controls here I can only assume the era
oh my god oh my god perfect well no I
heal thing
I know okay so it's like a cannibal
oh no no procedurally generated
endless-runner nope nope nope nope
Jack move your head okay can you not see
Plunkett because of my head placement
thanks blanket you know my head I think
my head is one is right in front of
blanket oh wow I just tell me
yeah or show us again show OBS oh yeah
look at that okay here we go
well you know here I'll just temporarily
oh sure okay that's fine we could do
that too just so you guys can see what's
happening here
oh god I'm not especially good at
endless records jack oh this is a Jacke
game why mr. Jack why am i why am i
doing nice you know spaces jump spaces
jump do the arrow tease do anything oh
yeah oh oh God see what do you hit what
don't you hit what would you do hittin
what you don't hit you hit those and you
hit the square of things so far those
have been the only things I hit I can do
this rich I believe in the power of me I
think there are like bodies hanging off
of those four because their acts
whoa oh nice I dodged the police though
oh fuck how about oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck
oh I hit that
oh fuck fuck fuck nope come on
twitchy twitchy you know you need the
momentum though to get over the
buildings get over the gaps that's good
you like this because this is the anti X
code you know I think my feet you know a
lot of people were upset about my
opinions with X down your opinions but
you know like I admit it is a perfectly
competent game and if you are a fan of
that genre that's the game for you that
means you're supposed to recommend it
all right it's why I don't like finally
oh this is the score yeah but I don't
recommend it because like I don't want
to play it but you should recommend it
for the kind of people who would like
the thing didn't I say that
it's equivalent details in that point uh
what what just happened there need a
shot okay
fortunately there is health things you
can get shot you just can't fall so is
there an end yes he he specifically said
in his email that he wanted us to get to
the end oh he didn't know who he was
talking to I'm sure he did he's made
videos about us
I'm just not sure that's the thing
that's gonna happen and oh we can't look
no no don't hit the cat currently
hitting the cat oh oh my god you lost
like a thirty year health because you
hit the cat three times I you know what
I was doing which I was figuring out the
game oh my god
I was figuring out the game so you can't
hit the cat or let the policeman shoot
you but you can run through the
policeman you can run through the
policeman but if the policeman shoots
you you can't stop oh so he takes the
brakes off yeah well oh I like how I
said oh fuck and planket said how far I
see I thought you said it because Polly
consented oh you know I think it's just
something to say
look nice save nice save ah chat saying
the twist at the end is there is no end
that could be I could see I could see
him just fucking with us no I really
want you to make it to the end it's not
a big special surprise that waiting for
you right up there at the end we're
working somebody find this or is there
no place to get this if you're not us
now I think anybody can play this I
can't tell you right now because if
you're doing a thing isn't playing here
think he open it up to anyone hold on
give me one second I'm kind of in a
groove no Punk original take over ma
you're just gonna take over a little bit
I will find you I will I will put the
link in the chat
I will put the link in the chat right
now
oh no I hit jump damn it I hit jump why
did you not do the thing I told you to
do okay Oh Tiberius Kirk got it before
me both me at both us and Tiberius Kirk
just links to it
anyone can play this game for free to a
fan made game as made as part of a
48-hour game jam and I think it's fun
you know Canabalt Canabalt was that was
the big indie game for a long time the
big free brow in browser indie game you
probably didn't pay much attention to it
apparently not whoa whoa that cops
coming after you that was new that was
new Oh
Jim Tintin you know before every game
was an Angry Birds clone before well you
know before every game was a flappy bird
clone before every game was an Angry
Bird clone there was cannibals didn't
think I was going to make that one and
this is a little different than can
evolve because cannibals know you never
stop running and this one you you know
you have to kind of squeal on the brakes
a little bit oh that's a bra that looks
like a like a hanging that look like a
hanging child but it was a Brer oh my
god oh my god indeed oh my god indeed
where are you I did my tips alert stairs
go beeps alert sirs
Oh okay let's see here from Chatham
Freud yo Dawgs please honor my Welsh
ancestors by flawlessly pronouncing the
name of my town ooh
Chatham Freud I will try to properly
pronounce the name of your town a
barista with a barista it's a very weird
oh I'm gonna say it's a barista with
Chatham fraud you'll have to tell me if
how correct that is can you read that
where's it every store yeah that's what
I'd say that's what that's what I said
every swears maybe with your and I like
that was a dragon right so yeah well I
don't know I don't know nothin about
nothin' oh no have I dishonored his
ancestors you know what your ancestors
can go fuck themselves oh no your
ancestors are fine I just you know I
didn't grow up speaking their language
what's what's wrong with fucking
yourself it's fine it's fine this fine
activity
it harms nobody and Shaddam freud gave
us another tip to say damn near perfect
boom hey your ancestors are pleased so I
am pleased needs more phlegm for Welsh a
barista with a barista Mary Smith is
that's the Beatles everything is the
Beatles from marietherese twits all of
England as all as Oliver that's all of
Europe as far as I'm concerned well no I
don't give a fuck about ancestry I just
don't
uh you know I think that's a very
American thing what not giving a fuck
about answer not giving a fuck about
your ancestry I remember like it being
kind of a big deal to my parents and a
very big deal to my grandparents you
know but after a while it's just like
our American fuck yes yes yeah yeah it's
what have your grandfather did something
great that just means you're pathetic
by comparison my great-great-grandfather
was the the king of Northwest Ireland
what the fuck you've done your life
nothing you've done nothing Jack I was
dead to me I've done nothing my
great-great-grandfather is fair you know
used his all of his money to immigrate
here to America to start a life for
himself you shouldn't and I I talked
about video games you should not pay for
the sins of your father but you
shouldn't take credit for his
accomplishments either boom you know
rich Evans is doing right now droppin
some fat knowledge Oh mmm can't cat you
can do a rich I believe in you I can I'm
gonna die one more time I'm gonna hand
you back the keyboard okay that's fine
you can do that too so why is there
still Oktoberfest in st. Patrick's Day
the other thing Americans because
there's also good reasons to get drunk
yeah we enjoy any excuse to drink and I
am of Irish ancestry and everyone I know
of Irish ancestry doesn't give a fuck
about st. Patrick's Day in America I've
got at least partially yeah
Irish ancestry oh yeah they come from a
tit
okay all right here we go oh my god I
can't believe I made that oh man there
we go anodite I was so surprised that I
made the jump before that I wasn't
thinking about the next thing the key is
to actually take your time you're trying
to fly it like cannonball cannon
Canabalt Kenna bolt yeah it's not
cannibal take advantage of the fact that
you will just stop you know what you're
right rich those things there I rich the
game tricks you into thinking it's like
cannibals and it is more I mean it's
more fun just go be it's not more fun to
just go ah fuck see now you gotta move
to get away to get around the cops oh
you know how you know that st. Patrick's
Day is bullshit in America people who
aren't Irish celebrate that's the thing
real people of Irish ancestry in America
don't give two fucks about st. Patrick's
Day we drink every other day every other
day of the year you got you everyone
everyone else has st. Patrick's Day oh
yeah be a little Irish get drunk have
fun yeah we live with that every day see
it kappa ah yeah damn cats
and do this
what ah you can you can use the
controller as well there are two levels
there are two levels what controller oh
just a controller yeah no yeah this
works
back whenever we're never gonna see the
second level you can do it right we can
do this so so Rx come interview
that's Friday our XCOM interview is
happening on Friday it's really
happening
this is a one final love notice that you
can send us potential questions
yep I've gotten your emails and I've
gotten your tweets and I've compiled
them a lot of questions wanting to know
why swords are so awesome a lot of
questions wanted to know about swords
and why they're just the most the best
weapon in the game uh-huh uh-huh so
anything else that's like a legitimate
question and I've let's fuck with rich
Evans yes you know some some people
wanted to know if we could get any
insight on possible console ports okay
any insights on deals see possibly
coming out I can't imagine that we'll
get this exclusive scoop on that but I
will ask no you know the last thing I
would have thought to ask about what DLC
people definitely want to know about
that you know for people I know my my
computer was barely running it and and
the original ax comes in fairly well on
consoles I don't think it did it made
its money on Steam
oh sure me it made its money on Steam
but I think it sold decently on consoles
I thought I heard an iPad port I sure
did really well on PC I thought I heard
it too bad on consoles you know what
maybe I just assumed the overall
popularity of the game we're not
actually streaming it we will not be
streaming the interview they they would
prefer a previously recorded interview
that's not even the devs themselves
requesting that that's their PR people
yeah that's the people from 2k and you
know that makes sense that makes sense
it's out of our hands I would love to
streaming but we did ask we did ask if
we could stream the interview so you
guys could ask questions live I want
something I'm not sure if I've ever
mentioned before Kevin from Firaxis has
been in the chat before and we were I
think it was actually during Rich's
first playthrough of XCOM which he loved
watching rich fail at ex-con - he loved
it and we were chatting after that
stream and Kevin wanted to make special
mention about how well-behaved everyone
in our chat was so mod you doing a great
job my legacy is the thing well and you
know obviously I like a lot of people
who have been in our chat have been with
us for a while now we kind of just all
know each other true true but also our
mods I think do a really great job of
keeping everyone civil and it has been
noticed
compared to other live twitch streams so
thank you everybody for your kindness
and that we're not being dicks basically
thanks for not being dicks
Kevin Kevin wanted me to mention
specifically that that our chat was not
full of dicks
now I'm gonna say lol fuck my cock
that's fine that's why lol fuck my cock
is fine that's the thing
that's the thing that's one of them
things
we can do this we can do this you know
it would it would be helpful there's a
way to like fight back try the other
buttons we got big fare we've only hit
space there might be other buttons you
know what I bet it says an email I just
barely
I'm just barreling through I'm barreling
through
ha oh I made it really far that time
options nope
let's see if the other buttons do
anything check this out here you got one
ah no movement is arrow keys and then
jump and action of the spacebar there
are no other controls jump and action
jump and action oh you're playing now
rich started playing is it better using
the controller oh I don't know yeah well
you can use the d-pad yeah yeah but you
know that's one of my biggest complaints
um I've been playing a lot of crypt of
the necrodancer now that it's on vita
group and you can only use the d-pad Oh
an Vita on Vita for crypt of the
necrodancer and i heerd i would really
love to use the joystick for movement
it's not the biggest deal but i would
love to put that cat on microwave like
the d-pad is kind of above the joystick
on the on the Vita and so like it's it's
just a weird angle that you have to be
had to play crypt of the necrodancer but
not the not the biggest complaint not
the biggest of the cat
I hate that cam I hate hate hate that
damn I think you're supposed to hate
that cat so it's okay is it possible
there's a touch of keyboard lag causing
it to eat shit so hard yeah I don't know
do you think the controller do you feel
like you're performing better on the
controller which I use them back to back
here no I don't know I'm just fuck that
yep you can do it
10 - 10 - 10 - yeah no well somebody
should talk
you know I guess you're right
somebody should talk about something
hold on let me break out my list of
things to talk about if we ever run out
of things to talk about I would like to
tell you about a situation I had
recently I was playing a game I was
playing a game called fire watch um and
I didn't know too much about fire watch
when I started playing you know it kind
of has a cartoony art style to it
actually I when I first started hearing
about the witness I got them confused a
lot because they both have like in their
trailers they both have a lot of bright
orange arms but you know like all I
really knew about fire watch was you're
you're a guy in the woods and you have
to solve a mystery yeah that's all I
really knew about it's like oh that you
know I'd heard some praise for it and
it's like oh you know I really want to
play this game and so I started playing
it the other day and as I start playing
it one of my boys comes into my office
and wants to know if he can watch me
play yeah and you know like I don't know
too much about the game so I take a
quick look at the steam page and didn't
notice any rating more responsible to
have a badge yeah sure
well then you know what and then I took
another step further and I went to the
the website for it and again didn't
notice any rating for it and so I was
like okay you know yeah sure went up and
and we start playing the game and maybe
two minutes in there there's a bunch of
text at the beginning of the game
and a minute and he's reading the text
and there's just a giant f-bomb and you
know how I feel about cussing her and
but you know we moved past it I don't
make a big deal out of it you know he's
he's read he's read the f-word before
yeah so just moved past okay we start
playing the game all right we start
playing the game and within five minutes
god forbid he could hear a word he's
going to use for the rest of us he will
he will but we've had this discussion he
is not necessarily prepared for
restraining it was the hour of that the
power of that word he's not prepared for
it whoa nice dodge rich except I got
fucked by the slow comp uh there's
several several more fucks right at the
beginning of the game yeah and it's
people saying them not just not just
reading them uh-huh and you know so it's
like again I did not make a big deal out
of it because that's that's the the rule
is if you know it's just like just a
normal word try not to draw attention to
it right yeah so you know I played for a
little bit longer then it's like look I
couldn't do any yeah and I sent a slight
like I I don't think it was
mean-spirited but I sent a tweet to the
the gaming studio yeah and the tweet was
simply you know not the tweet said not
it while not a big deal a language
warning for Firewatch would have been
nice I had my kid in the room with me
while I was playing yeah that's it you
know and one of the developers started
tweeting back to me and you know was
just saying you know the game is rated M
by the ESRB for strain you know for
strong language yeah and so I go back to
the steam page and the rating is nowhere
on the steam page and I go back to the
website and the rating is not on the
website i watch the trailer again and
the rating is not on the
trailer okay did you get tweet them back
I did well I was just like where do i I
said where do I find these ratings you
know like I don't see it anywhere on the
steam page and he's like oh yeah you
know like we we it's different for every
platform like it's on PlayStation and we
have to put the rating on that page but
we don't have to put it on the steam
page it's like oh well then how the fuck
am I supposed to know what the rating
it's like if I take full responsibility
because if I were doing my full I can't
do anything you can do it you can do it
there you go nice
oh nice rich nice um Anderson sighs
Buccaneers lightning crash we see a
heart repair
Mike Shay who are unquestionably
terrified by his news call for all the
Milwaukee Police have Rafa whoa whoa oh
that hurts your thing yeah I just
noticed yeah how fun um so anyway I take
full responsibility if I was doing my
full parental due diligence I would have
gone to the ESRB website and looked up
the game right yeah but it also it was
difficult to find whoa later the game
developer tweeted back to me to say that
on the steam page in in the description
of the game not right away but kind of
kind of in there there is there is a
note and the note says the note
specifically says what is it it says
something like eerily specific which
says a note Firewatch is a video game
about adults having adult conversations
about adult things if you plan on
playing with a younger gamer that might
be a good a good to know going in
and then like I got a little
conspiratorial hmm where I was like I
don't remember reading that because I
read the steam page you know before I
started playing and that's oddly
specific to my tweet did they just add
that into their fucking steam
probably no they probably didn't oh wow
okay they probably did not add that in
after him after my tweet I'm just oh god
oh god that note means they've gotten
that specific complaint before I think I
think and and I'm not I'm not saying
that my conspiracy theory is true but it
again and you know like I was back and
forth with the developer a little bit on
Twitter and I was just like again like
not this isn't like game breaking for me
not the hugest deal this just would have
been a nice thing you know and I did
take full responsibility yeah oh my god
oh my god what nice nice maneuver there
yeah yeah yeah the gets stuck behind the
mailbox maneuver hey come on that's
great
whoo wait what's gonna happen
oh I'm in control
aha I find you fucking talentless hacks
burr to taste my wrath what are you
talking about oh no one worm-like enjoy
how a mountain or something or shrunken
oh wait wait a second this whole
situation doesn't actually make any
sense
I'll be ready young again Oh fine
whatever boy guys we can't keep up and
take it we desperately need backup
but who now wait there is someone his
name space cap have a plague and defeat
a cop from the future
um and we'll play it to fit account for
the future of space sentry playing it
but your journey ends here I've been
looking forward to this for a long time
yeah I bet you have oh I did the head
dodge hahahaha most amusing most amusing
well thanks Adam William John fits given
oh honey we got each our own remix
zuma-zuma Zuma it's coming out tomorrow
you know what is the next plank of
review I thought we weren't telling him
mister but tomorrow it's just mine this
is a day in advance Mike told us
specifically not to tell anyone
okay okay great let's uh let's get into
some let's turn the uh the face cam they
couldn't see a lot of beautiful faces my
oh my god
um just this guy you know did our alum
get my magic grow capsules did you not
install I installed you earlier didn't
you want to do this I did this we were
you were watching me do this one of one
items completed okay that's fine um
justice guy you know says did you get my
magic grow capsules also cashews I was
in a weird mood hope they are at least
somewhat enjoyed thanks for playing new
game yay I mean cashews will be enjoyed
by most except for rich yeah I can
assume I am horribly deathly allergic to
dose which is horribly definitely
allergic but what keyboard keyboard oh
yeah we need to have them see what we're
playing we're gonna place
