Episode 074
Supa Haut (Superhot part 2)
April 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YubTejSxnxU
___________________________________________

my translator hey Jack if Batman V
Superman isn't good or not successful
what direction should the DC Cinematic
Universe go they need a DC Cinematic
Universe
well world collapse if the DC doesn't
have a cinematic universe you know
something they could do we'll never know
what happens with Aquaman here's the
thing with DC rich we'll never know what
happens to Aquaman is he gonna swim in I
know is he gonna talk to the fishes
we'll never know we live in a sorry
except for sentence was the most absurd
thing I've ever heard
yes I don't accept for Superman and
Batman yeah all of these characters are
fucking lame mm-hmm they wonder why
write in the comic books do you see lags
in sales behind Marvel maybe it's
because your characters are really lame
yeah let's go what are the flashes of
was worse rogues gallery what are they
looking like Captain Cold
turtleman turtleman boomerang guy don't
forget about his arch-nemesis the
reverse flash that's some creativity or
his arch nemesis from Earth to zoom who
is reverse-flash
isn't he actually was just revealed who
zoom was and I don't want to spoil it
for anyone who's watching the flash but
he's us he's a speedster yeah he's a
speedster
don't forget about Captain Boomerang
mirror master the mirror master turtle
man there's turtle it was too slow
flash couldn't handle it the trickster
Joker light diet Joker diet joker king
shark these are the only people from the
show there's your problem they see
there's your problem that's why you're
leaning on Batman like a crutch for life
support yeah
yep and I wanted to say that DC has
better villains no Batman has good
villain
Batman has better villains the the
problem the the flash is a one-note hero
he's got he's got one thing that's very
specific to him being a hero and for
some reason like they they want to give
each of his villains like a gimmick that
will like undo his SuperSpeed
we're just like superman has some decent
villains i feel but it's like superman
it's also fast and can fly and shit they
don't they don't necessarily like try to
like turtleman like oh I can make things
go really slow so I make the flash
really so flash has to go faster because
SuperSpeed flash powers be like that the
most opie thing in the world of course
he can't have the villain this is the
problem he's faster than like light yes
yeah yes you can't counter there he
travels like a 1000 miles per hour and
the blame the blink of an eye yeah maybe
the flash versus the juggernaut whose
whole thing is being you know invincible
no you know what not the juggernaut yeah
the the immovable object the blob the
the blob is the movable object okay yeah
yeah the blob either or either or
well the juggernaut just really strong
like he's not a moveable the blobs whole
thing is he creates artificial gravity
around himself so he literally cannot be
moved and so like that would be a fun
pair of the flash versus the blob
northern guns stop the blob gorilla
grood gorilla grodd this is something
chemical about a talking gorilla but can
you ever take that seriously nope ever
nope and you know where that really
doesn't work is with shitty CG like
Gorilla Grodd can work in an animated
universe or in a comic book universe
where everyone's drawn mm-hmm you can
make that work and he like his whole
thing is he's super smart and has
gorilla strengths okay and that's what
makes him diabolical like okay that's
fine we can be with that but when you
start going with live-action stuff
those kinds of villains look ridiculous
there I believe the story is once upon a
time there was a cover our DC comic
that's sold and usually well yeah
there's just a gorilla on the cover so
that became like a running thing
Gorillaz girl you got gorilla grood
Grodd
there's Grodd and what we gonna call
groove cuz I only saw it I only saw it
in prints for many many years who else
is there there's another one like April
like psychic powers things with his mind
I think I forget what he's called
there's a kryptonite if there's an ape
that has like kryptonite I beams that
fight Superman sure
Teno but there's old series of ape
things because that because I cover with
an ape on it sold really well once great
yeah that's great
my here's here's the thing is I enjoy
the flash show it's getting a little
ridiculous with all this earth to stuff
and I started watching the flash show
because it was it was very spider-man
like he was he was just a nerdy kid and
he happened to get these powers and he
was learning to use these powers but
they were he wasn't like super fasty and
so he could still be like defeat bested
you know he got to got bested by a guy
with a gun you're faster than a gun man
how can you get defeated by a guy with a
cold gun anyway and as the series gone
on like now they're in earth to
weirdness and it's it's getting a little
too out there but now I'm already locked
into the characters you know I'm locked
into the soap opera same with the arrow
perhaps DC needs to back away from the
Cinematic Universe and and just try to
dominate television Batman as a
daredevil esque gritty show going after
the mob right that could be fun
Batman as a detect as an actual
detective show would be awesome some
small think small think gritty now you
got your Batman if you
try to do two down-to-earth and gritty
and realistic though then it becomes
silly that you have a man dressed like a
pet at that point you would have to just
make him like a regular detective and
then why even bother in that way yeah so
you need some you see me you need some
amount of schlock to make Batman work
yeah I guess you're right
I think Batman would work really well as
a TV show they called him Batman the
Animated Series they called the Batman
the Animated Series and it was great and
you know what else was great Superman
the animated series The Adventures of
Superman that was awesome that was a
great show I don't think you can do you
put him you put Batman in a world that's
too real and he's just utterly
ridiculous it needs he needs to be in a
somewhat stylized world
you ready Batman just walking in this
room fear a bunch of crooks fish I think
we get shot I strike for your oh I'm
also a ninja what no and I did see that
Timon the other thing I do like about
the flash is they are not afraid to have
a little fun with the series it's a fun
it's a fun show I enjoy the flash
overall I've said that many times I the
flash is not a guilty pleasure like the
arrow is the arrow
I should not enjoy the arrow villain for
villain how much better is the Marvel
Universe whose heroes do we want to
contrast and compare in general in
general DC's got other than the Batman's
real gallery so you know yeah you
definitely give DC the Joker twoface but
I mean like to face to face is a
gangster he's a gangster just as far as
being an interesting villager okay he's
a good character you're right he's a
good character you know what I've always
enjoyed playing
Rahzel gradual guru Roz yeah Raj is it
Roger Roz there's been a debate for many
years Raj is great the whole League of
Assassins thing yeah fun thing overused
a little too much but hey it's fun
outside of Batman okay outside of Batman
Darkseid who is like who's like a shitty
Thanos
I know Darkseid came first but you know
Darkseid he sits around a lot ya know
I'm big tough I'm gonna do something
important one of these days it doesn't
really accomplish anything ever Thanos
is like taking over the Marvel Universe
like a couple times
cut me never quite sticks but but he's
getting there Darkseid the dark side
likes to talk shit he doesn't do jack
shit yeah is it dark seed side seed I
don't give a shit
I see ID I think I think it's actually
supposed to be side though but I could
be wrong yeah I like nanos does Darkseid
postures yes that is correct
I do like I like the idea of Brainiac
mm-hmm I think there's some fun witcha
version Superman the animated serie he
you know Brainiac was like the computer
collecting all of the last species and
then he would like destroy planets so he
would collect the last species yeah oh
oh that's a fun interesting space
villain right mhm
like his end you know he's a computer so
all he has is cold logic and I thought
that was a fun villain outside of Batman
I get anything Darkseid who I don't even
like that much and Lex Luthor yeah and
look so what's this what does he even do
evil genius or or depending on what area
you're talking about evil corporate guy
right evil corporate guys probably more
fun but I think I think kingpin was evil
corporate guy before Lex Luthor was
probably evil bald corporate guy I think
I think kingpin it was evil bald
corporate guy when Lex
there was still ya evil scientist who
else do they have I'll fuckin know Black
Manta the Aquaman villain who's just got
like a giant black dome on his head
Wonder Woman's got like a sheet ah
Cheetara what's your name what's your is
like a leopard suit Wonder Woman has
that woman as a leopard is Wonder
Woman's villain Wonder Woman has
mythological gods and I hate cats
bringing a bizarro bizarro
bizarro is interesting I like bizarro
cuz he wants to be a hero but he's just
dumb bizarro is great wait hold on so
save Vadra says I didn't know they've
made Stephen King's 11/22/63 into a show
until you mentioned it and now I'm
watching it enjoying so thanks you think
the past gave you cancer
lol also lol fuck my cock yes that
11/22/63 is a fantastic show hulu
originals based on the Stephen King
produced by Stephen King JJ Abrams
starring dave Franco great Joe Jett is
bringing up Sinestro and where I'm
discounting scarabs we're not talking
about Batman villain definitely given DC
Batman yeah Batman villains knocking out
of park yes talk about anything other
than Batman yeah yeah chess bringing up
Sinestro who is Sinestro evil Green
Lantern with a yellow ring instead of a
green ring and he's purple oh yeah yeah
with like a French he's got like the
pencil mustache oh yeah because by the
way slightly large head the Green
Lantern in Green Lantern Canon the only
thing that can counteract the power of
the lanterns green ring is on the
version of Green Lantern yes the color
yellow yes that is lame as hell that is
lame as hell that like if you just have
the color yellow the Green Lantern can't
touch you mandal Savage nobody knows who
the fuck Vandal Savage is Vandal Savage
he's made as about as many waves as a
pebble I only know him he's like one of
the main villains in the flash arrow
legends of tomorrow the DC television
universe right mm-hmm what a boring
character what so his whole thing was he
was in love with an Egyptian priestess
and then they cursed each other and the
Egyptian priest has turned out to be
Hawkgirl and now they they're both are
eternal beings who have to kill each
other and Hawkgirl never kills him and
he always kills Hawkgirl and it's dumb
and he wants to take over the world but
his only power is like magic and he's
immortal
unless Hawkgirl kills him hawkgirl's the
only one that can kill him okay he's
dumb he's boring
Marvel villains mom whoa we discounted
Batman villains let's discount
spider-man villains oh wow yeah let's
discount spider-man villains Doctor Doom
Doctor Doom
Thanos Galactus hey no you know what I
like I don't care about the house I'll a
he's one of my favorite Marvel
characters I know he is I you know me I
don't much care about space yes magneto
magneto is a wonderfully complex villain
mr. sinister Ultron Loki Red Skull just
from them just from the Cinematic
Universe yeah like you mentioned before
juggernaut juggernaut juggernaut
juggernaut is one of the meanest x-men
villains because he is not a mutant like
he gets his power from magic and he's
just you know the whiny little brat he's
great he's great in fact the whole the
whole or what are the what are the ugly
mutants from the sewers of the Morlocks
the Morlocks
I think villains I mean they're not I I
think they're kind of neutral but I
think they've been villains because like
they don't follow any Allegiance
would you consider the Sentinels cool
villain just go silly no I'm okay okay
okay you know like there they are less
of a villain than they are fodder but I
enjoy them because their father the
scrolls are just those gonna need to be
the weird the scroll yeah yeah I gotta
meet look to him
kind of goofy asked Shin it's a goofy
ass chin yes it is a goofy ass chin you
are correct you are correct you know I'm
gonna put this out there mhm
and this might be controversial but I
like Hydra as a villain yeah just just
as this like never-ending organization
of world domination is there any real
difference though between Hydra name is
there a redundancy in Marvel Eagle evil
organizations
no no they're both Marvel no you know
what I'm thinking of hive oh I've never
even heard of hi I Eve is DC hi I'm such
an effective villain I've never heard of
it aim is greater than well all I'm
saying i I actually don't maybe I don't
know what aim is Skrillex Skrillex is a
great villain and that's that's off the
top of my head those are all things that
would consider cool interesting Marvel
villains yeah discounting spider-man's
rogues gallery because we discounted
Batman's cuz we just got it Batman
spider-man's and Batman's cancel a job I
think I think they both in I have about
really really good roll calories
unusually good sure okay I can be with
you yeah I can be there yeah you know
what and it's like usually everyone's
saying bull's eye I've never been a huge
daredevil guy so I can't say but I can't
bullseye I don't know that much about so
you know like even if you just go off of
the movies you know or the the comics
that everybody's read you know he's fun
no he's fine oh he's fine I think I
think and you know maybe this is just
because I've read more Marvel than I
have DC but I've always felt like
we've done a better job of multifaceted
villains Jetson kingpin debatable woman
I do you want to call him part of
spider-man's rogues gallery did tube you
in spider-man before he was a daredevil
the corners of their double yeah but you
know he's kind of migrated and I'll
grant you that he's world villain
maybe we can most it world mostly don't
have daredevil at this point though is
it I'd say so
sure the point is villains with with a
history films with more of a backstory
then I'm angry because I'm going to
attack a man who can run faster than
speed at the speed of light with a
boomerang more interesting than that
I mean well but but I'm sure there's
like a boomerang story what he's like my
father tried to kill me with a boomerang
so now I use the boomerang oh god I got
happen again oh and I'm in jail I gotta
fill my boom someone move me into jail
at superhuman speed that's so weird shit
I'm a bad villain or someone really fast
must have picked me up and ran me to
jail lost in Technicolor rich random
question about the abyss yeah what did
you talk about the abyss recently
nothing I can remember weird
um do you refuse to watch the original
theatrical cut over the superior
director's cut they ripped so much out
of the original cut that it barely makes
sense
I first have even heard about huge
differences between theatrical cuts not
so we can all agree that the abyss is
great I remember liking it yeah keep
moving keep walking okay bargain
see this is great I I know you're get
trying to get arty game I really just
want to shoot at red guys that's my my
only real interest now is shooting guys
also Joe G says hey guys what comics
have you been reading highly recommend
Mighty Thor spider-man Doctor Strange
and the vision I've heard great things
about the new vision comic vision
created a wife and family for himself in
the new comics Jack the game is the game
is the game is ruining itself by getting
hearty oh yeah yeah I'm sorry rich I've
heard great things about that vision
comic I have not read it I'm still
reading I'm reading Batman and the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles which I'm
enjoying highly thank you Freddie
Williams the third I'm also reading this
Marvel Batgirl the new bad girl Batgirl
burns I'm Batgirl and I try I've been
trying to just catch up with the Marvel
Universe in general and so I tried a
little bit of Miles Morales spider-man
but I got lost when they shifted
continuity so I don't know where to
start reading anymore because Marvel
decided it would be a really good idea
to cuz Marvel decided to start making
all the mistakes that DC's been making
yeah let's just reboot the universe
every couple of months see what happens
baby really love it when DC reboots
everything every four weeks you know and
maybe DC is just thinking maybe we could
make captain cool and make Captain Cold
cool this time
Captain Cold will never be cool even
when he's played by Wentworth Miller who
is undoubtedly a cool guy
it'll happen it aside to happen but um
but I really really like miss Marvel the
new Miss Marvel that's that's by far my
favorite book that I'm reading right now
I should be and mostly because she is
the most like spider-man she a young
person with new powers who's who's full
of hope and naivety so you know she
messes up a lot and and she seems like a
real person who got powers back so I'm
really enjoying this Marvel but uh good
old good old Kamala Khan and you know
every once in a while I'll just kind of
pick up a new book I I read comics now
mostly through comixology because
they're they have insane sales and so
every once in a while I'll pick up a
comic for a buck here they're digitally
and try to read something new button
nothing nothing like Miss Marvel really
enjoying this Marvel I've been thinking
about the vision I think I'm gonna wait
till the vision gets to get to a train
because I usually like the trades better
than the individual comics because then
you get to read the whole story yeah oh
yeah I've always preferred trades rich
loves X come through to death Jack hates
it leftover beefcake there's only
extreme that is that is a bit of
hyperbole rich does love XCOM too
strongly strongly strongly i it's it's
not my thing it's not my type of game
I just I don't like being the commander
I don't like being far away from the
action it's just not my type of game but
I admit that it does many things right
thank you all bother Oh bother wants to
clarify saying Jack doesn't hate it he
really really hates it you chat I know I
like many things about it I think like
we talked about during our long XCOM 2
review stream is every time I won a
mission it felt like an earned win you
know and every time I lost uh it was me
that screwed up the game is all there
it's just not a genre I particularly
enjoy not liking something equals hating
something in our brave new digital world
yeah I guess ah let's see here anonymous
hey rich M Jack thank you for all the
great entertainment question for both of
you what Lucas art game would you like
to see a remake and your ideal studio
develops it I just want like I love
Chrome Fandango I don't know that it
needs a remake though I wouldn't mind
upgraded graphics I wouldn't want them
to reinvent the wheel mm-hmm maniac
mentioned maniac mansion could probably
use an update last know the original
still plays just fine I don't know if it
needs it well you know what it probably
needs is just a way to play it because
like don't don't you have to do
ridiculous things to play me for well I
think they made it friendly I think was
I figured what it's called scummvm or
something
I think that's pretty easy to use well
you know
it would be nice it would be nice to
play it you know as easily as you play
other games I remember there were some
fun at maniac mansion I played a little
bit of that yeah but some fun in there
there is a grim fandago update yep yeah
they they they just made they didn't
change much they made it easier to play
on modern platforms which would be nice
for other Lucas our games which I could
already do with scummvm leftover
leftover beefcake would like to tip to
apologize for the hyperbole thank you
too little too late thank you and I
understand that like I ended up not
recommending it because it's not a game
after we were done with the review I
deleted all local content how of XCOM -
cuz i don't picture myself playing it
again because it's not my particular
like a game I like action games I like
the next time - you're the commander and
I like be nice - for the surger so it's
fine everything's fine
previous oh wait sorry I hold on I'm
missing years when was the last time
that something new worked in comic book
movies instead of established stuff that
nerds crave when we new to find new is
there I'm trying to think of something
that comic book like an original
character what are you talking about I
think they mean like something that they
did different in a movie that works
better than the comics that's a good
question I fuckin love the way they
handle daredevil in the Netflix show how
about that and you know why I loved him
better cuz he wasn't wearing that stupid
outfit god I hope his outfit isn't
stupid when the new season starts
I loved his awesome all-black kind of
quasi realistic outfit and I'm not
looking forward to him being in the
stupid horn red outfit Bane was better
in the movie no well depends on what
Bane you're talking about oh that's it
Casper's got it Casper you nailed it the
way in which they handled the Mandarin
in Iron Man 3 is one of the greatest
wingmen during me it was the best
decision they could have made to change
something from the comic books to the
movie yes Casper gets all the points
tonight the Mandarin was great and there
we go it is time to stand up everybody
stand up
then Kingsley was great in Iron Man 3 he
was perfect in all things Iron Man 3 was
great Chet you don't know what you're
talking about
someone did stop shitting on Iron Man 3
it's a perfect action movie well then in
the students
these opens in lieu of an opening action
scene the opening sequence is just him
trying on the suit it's great he wasn't
in the suit enough
it closes with a with him hopping into
50 different fucking suits because the
whole point is that he's a hero without
the suit now that's all boy literally
the the Tony Stark is Iron Man that's
how the film and he makes Iron Man Iron
Man does not make him that's the whole
point you get that that awesome breaking
into the complex as Tony Stark just
making gadgets out of junk awesome fuck
my mentor he's great every single action
scene informs the character the great
thing where he has to choose between
going to rescue Pepper Potts or rescuing
the president and he finds a way to do
both because he's both Iron Man and Tony
Stas and I agree with that I missed who
said it but I agree with a person of the
chant I enjoyed Iron Man 3 more than
guardians of the galaxy yeah me too
not to say that it didn't like guardians
of the galaxy right but I definitely
enjoyed Iron Man 3 more Oh everything in
Iron Man 3 is beautiful is beautiful and
artsy fartsy in an action movie the
whole last action sequence of Iron Man 3
the whole thing about Iron Man is
whether or not he can he can make it as
Tony Stark without the suit right and
what is literally happening in the last
action sequence is the villain keeps
tearing away his suits to reveal Tony
yeah it's stupid it's so great
it's a visual it's an action visual
representation of what is happening with
the characters last fucking great it's
fucking great jack really it's gotta let
me jump over that bullet you jumped over
a little over a bullet that's kind of
Awesome no I couldn't go laughter right
I had to go over I do like Shane black I
do like Shane black I'm she I'm I'm
looking forward the chain black is
working on the new predator movie and I
am looking forward to it I don't like
this movie the more jackets excited
about it that's fine that's fine don't
like it it's perfect you don't have to
like it you don't have to like it I like
it
it wasn't about Ironman or was it about
I know it's about guardians I know rich
and I felt the same about guardians
which was it was it was a movie with a
ton of pay payoff but not a lot of setup
a lot of fun stuff in guardians there's
a lot of fun stuff but there was it
could have used it could have used like
felt like they came together as a team
pretty quick they didn't know what to
the vet was and I haven't like a lot of
individual really fun stuff that wasn't
set up properly that they just kind of
happen like remember the the the when
they were in the angel skull and they
were in those things that were
indestructible
yep and like they're getting the things
they're like but these are just these
are just my increment it's alright
they're indestructible and they go and
do a fun sequence that was a fun
sequence but it was like it would have
been cooler if as they were flying into
the angel skull we saw those things
being indestructible like a little show
don't tell ya dependent would have been
nice but Guardians fumbly carnies family
it's fine
hey rich says red
but I recently watched guerrilla
interrupted and how not to make a movie
yeah what happened to Garrett he sounds
very annoying no idea what happened to
Garrett from what I know he lives in
California so we don't see him very
often tired and sad I tired it says his
Jack Dark Knight Rises is not a good
movie but Bane's depiction was awesome
and better than the comics gray area you
know how I feel about Vayne in that
movie and his stupid voice his stupid
voice which kind of ruins him as a
character I do I mean I like the fact
that you know like the you know the the
little twists with Bane's character and
and Talia
but Bane and comic books had a neat
thing you know kind of hyper genius and
brutally strong yeah you know he was a
good foil to Batman but being the best
visual in the world I think it looks
kind of stupid I can agree with that I
can agree with that his WWE wrestler yep
look as it turns out I'm the smartest
man in the world I just like spandex I
just like looking like a deer - guards
hold on lets me wear my luchador mask
I just Jack you do realize you have no
taste right I do have taste it might be
bad taste but bet even bad taste is
taste I just don't like the voice I hate
the voice and I
that movie so much that I can't it's
hard for me to separate Bane's voice
from his character Jack please tell rich
to get good and beat this level hey you
try this shit chugga 93 my Bane doesn't
sound like Sean Connery Bane sounded
like Sean Connery in that movie that's
not my fault that's just how he sounded
is that true Tiberius Kirk the shotgun
tier double barrier your double-barreled
shotgun fires three bullets that's weird
I don't really care okay may go if I
wanted realism I wouldn't be playing a
game when time slowed down every time
you stop moving I like you know what and
I'm not I don't think I don't blame Tom
Hardy I you know Tom Hardy's fine you
know
he's a fine actor I just I know that I
blame Nolan no one made that direction
and that choice in post-production the
breakers were slander this thing that
you want to make a good player for
really wrong but I'd I just didn't care
for that movie had so many problems
there I beat the level are you happy you
got good rich you did don't get all
ready stop being arty
I like it when you're already your fun
game when you're already you're full of
shit
Major Tom servo says Jack have you ever
caught a shiny pokemon major Tom servo
in my many many years and many many
playthroughs of Pokemon I have
encountered exactly one shiny pokemon
Wow and I was not able to catch it I did
not catch it I uh I know there are
people that like farm for shiny pokemon
and like there's a there's a way that
you can kind of game the game to get all
the shiny pokemon you want I've never
done that but uh I have only ever come
across one shiny pokemon and I tried
really hard to capture it and could not
and I felt very sad it was not a
Gyarados what was it it was a shiny um I
mean it wasn't even a great it wasn't
even a great Pokemon but I would have
kept it on my team the entire fucking
game what was it I can't even tell you
what shiny was like it might have even
been like a shiny Pikachu you know it
was a simple Pokemon or like a shiny
Jigglypuff it was a normal-type I think
but we're talking about pokemons
yes well Jack is I'm talking about the
pokemons
and if I ever come across a shiny
pokemon that Pokemon will be in my team
the entire game no matter what it's been
a long time since I played a Pokemon
game I've been waiting for my fruit in
my new 3ds to play the new pokemon cuz I
love Pokemon so much and it hasn't come
yet
why aren't you restreaming Pokemon
because I don't have my new 3ds which we
will be able to stream the the pokemons
headshots don't matter no you just need
one shot to kill them no matter what
right yeah yeah unless you're punching
them shoot him in the dick keep hitting
them with a weapon one one punch one hit
seems to do it okay two noble kinsmen
yes very randomly you will get there I
did it you happy no I think you thought
well I missed them because I went for a
headshot very randomly you can come
across Pokemon that look you know that
our normal Pokemon but are a different
color in there called shiny variants and
they're special because they're rare I
don't think they have like better stats
they don't do anything special they just
look different and so they are rare so
everyone wants a shiny it might be time
to accept that they stole your 3ds no
they're giving me the 30s I bought it
from them it might it might be time to
realize that they stole my money that
could be but they didn't see on the 3ds
I am gonna email them again once I get
home I will email them again Ultima huh
out them I think you have every right to
help them disappoint to out to them yeah
we have a stream I forget what their
company is I will send them another
email and if I don't feel satisfied with
their response I will bitch about them
on stream and on Twitter this company
that's probably doing something illegal
by modifying 3ds so I can stream them
I always use my pokemons original names
I like having their original names I
don't give them fun fancy names which
always pisses me off whenever I trade
with someone and their Pokemon is named
like the phyto it's like no it's not
phyto it's a Gyarados the thing only
speaks in its name and I'm gonna call it
by the one thing it says you know if you
came across an animal that's a Gyarados
named Fito right but but even it's like
naming a deer deer yeah oh oh my we're
getting all ready again I think we're
getting all ready again no you cannot
rename traded Pokemon I do not want an
overwatch beta key I want to wait until
the game is done and then I will play it
as you guys know I don't good dog yep
the game is getting all ready again yep
so I'm gonna Barney I'm enjoying you
when you're not the holy shit
I uh I don't want an overwatch beta key
I don't I don't like in general I don't
like playing a game before someone says
it's done I want to judge a game by the
done game not not be well you know we we
gotta tweak the graphics in this one but
you know some stuff still broken no I
don't want that in the way toes done
then I'll play it I'm sure I will play
overwatch as soon as it's done
what what I've seen straw do Valley
Rich's not I think rich would like it
cuz I know he enjoys Harvest Moon and I
believe it is a like a farming sim but
it's probably not gonna happen because
rich is playing X come to forever and
ever amen
yeah except for yesterday he has to take
rich has to take five hours out of X
come to to play fire watch for our next
review that's it
and he's not happy about that he is not
happy I was like rich we got to do the
next episode and rich says what you mean
I have to stop playing X come to it for
five hours it's all you got to do
rune factory makes Harvest Moon obsolete
and so they get the several things with
monsters and I think they're writing me
a shitty JRPG combat thing in there oh
yeah yes I don't care I don't know what
I've never heard of rim Factory I'm a
I'm a slow gamer I know some people have
beat Firewatch or have completed fire
watch in three hours or less but I'm a
very slow gamer I'm a notoriously slow
gamer so it took me five favorite
customer says I'm so drunk
welcome to the stream that's right this
game is called supa hot and the gimmick
is it's a first-person shooter and time
only moves when your character moves
it's wily h2o says this looks
pretentious as fuck sometimes but the
game itself really neat yeah it's almost
like taking an action game and giving it
a little turn-based eNOS but the only
problem is every once in a while they
tell you to stop playing the game so
they can tell you like the man is
watching you or whatever you don't have
any control yeah no shit any thoughts on
the Suicide Squad film they put out a
decent trailer you know those lame DC
villains were talking about put them all
in a movie together okay
okay here's my idea for a villain that's
totally not a ripoff of a Marvel villain
he's really he has really good aim oh
wait
as dead chapter that you have got really
good a I don't know who came for his
Deadshot or Bulls I am then you also
have green arrow and Hawk eyes oh yeah
you're right
there's a whole thing there's a whole
thing reach the gun I'm on me this level
sucks this is this seems difficult nice
oh rich for future reference Harvest
Moon is now called story of seasons
there was a legal thing between the
publisher and developer and the
publisher now owns the name Harvest Moon
and is making shitty knockoffs under the
Harvest Moon name its first I've heard
of it
oh that's crazy don't forget Batman's
greatest foe Jai Courtney I don't know
what that means it could it could be a
fine movie I like the premise bad guys
you know it's the basically in the
Expendables right like that's the
premise to the movie is the Expendables
that's the premise to the comic but who
knows a good trailer does not equal a
good movie really Deadshot came out in
1950 bull's eye 1976 boom DC wins this
round
isn't the premise of this game that
you're a gamer hacker who broke into a
big developer server to play a game
before it's finished thus making Jack's
comments about beta is very ironic rich
what's the pro you know the stories of
something less if it seems like yes okay
great game is weird supernatural
I'm really hating elevator
Oh Jai Courtney plays the boomerang in
Suicide Squad oh there you go I didn't
even know I like that's how little I
have paid attention to the Suicide Squad
I didn't even know the boomerang was in
it I know the crack and Harley Quinn and
Deadshot and that's all I need that's
all I know
that's all I knew who's in it
I you know what and I never saw
Terminator Genisys so I've never seen
Jai Courtney acts I don't believe I'll
agree with that Stryker Suicide Squad
does look more interesting than Batman
vs Superman probably because Zack Snyder
isn't directing what recent games do I
not hate XCOM tool that's a fine example
but that doesn't count because it's not
probably a kind of game he likes that
doesn't count
are you enjoying this game right yeah
boom here's another reason camp agender
that doesn't count though this is not
the kind of give a like kind of the kind
of game I like how did you feel about
undertale alright
whose side are you guys on for Civil War
teamcap or teamironman I'll have to have
the details of their their their
ideological differences if if it's the
same as the comics teamcap all the way
Iron Man was right though what he was
right he was totally right about in
Civil War totally right he had the right
idea he did not they've framed him like
a villain because then he was totally in
the right because he did not execute his
ideas correctly you can't have a bunch
of costume weirdos with powers long
enough to the powerful lefted level
cities running around just you can't
yeah but you can't just round him up
they framed him like a villain but
because he wanted to round it he wanted
to lock everyone up until they were
approved by a committee that's not how
you've run it agreed people need
training but like it also needs to be
their choice you can't prosecute people
before they commit a crime Jack what
being a vigilante is a crime but they're
doing good it's a crime but they're
doing good the good outweighs the crime
Society has determined that being a
vigilante is a crime team kappa team
kappa all the way if if the movie
follows and yeah Civil War 1 full Gitmo
yet still yeah they did overall Ironman
was right
Ironman had a correct idea he executed
it very poorly I'm team cap all the way
that's why the main villain in civil war
was the writer
Oh God did that fizzle out poorly yeah
what what a fun idea and then it just
farted out of existence
stop being arty
oh my god favorite customer you're right
Batman is a fucking criminal
yes he is he's a criminal and a
psychopath haven't we anybody who
decided to go running around dressed
like a bat punching criminals
he's not all there in the head and
haven't we already discussed that like
he can do so much more good as Bruce
Wayne to reduce crime and yes he said he
yes like the Bruce Wayne in modern
comics is a multi good bazillionaire
Agra bazillionaire that's like multi no
Batman is a just a right-wing wet dream
he's a ultra rich billionaire handsome
man who has all the women and he goes
out at night blames the poor people for
his problems and punches them and
instead throws them in jail so instead
of creating jobs to help poor people he
punches them when they steal because
they need to know better create jobs and
get rid of all that crime dedicate
yourself to Bruce Wayne full time yeah
you could do so much more good for God
fix Gotham's economy help you will raise
the wages run for public office
that crime decrease rather than punching
out a couple guys tonight oh my god
Batman is Trump yes yes Batman is Donald
Trump modern Batman is Donald Trump who
punches people with less racism of
people like defending Trump you like you
know what he's not racist it's like
didn't he call me all Mexicans rapists
he did neat we did that doesn't he want
to build a wall that's crazy he's crazy
he's a crazy man try again okay there I
just disconnected I see that yeah I
guess I was in control what I guess I
wasn't control what did it what had
happened oh it was telling me I couldn't
disconnect from the game and my brain
was there and just try just try and
disconnect just try it worked
you know I beat the game congrat well
that was
really easy rich I didn't know we were
doing a speedrun thing here it is well
the super hot speedrun well you beat it
in only like what an hour and a half so
it's a fun game but it doesn't have its
head up its ass do-do-do-do-do you got
it well
anonymous rich have you seen the tweets
between John boyega and EJ's John boyega
the black stormtrooper yes and ei about
Finn he's Finn I don't remember names
and a battlefront single-player
narrative game I assume not because fun
facts about rich Evans I don't have a
tweet one he doesn't have a tweet to he
don't give no fucks about no Star Wars
minor minor fucks minor fucks they make
it into generate game oh oh no it's kind
of sign originals pretty good John
boyega says will fans get a full on
offline story mode it's more of an
enjoyable way to learn controls EA Star
Wars says have have you had a chance to
try the missions yeah bought it it was
great but definitely leaves you wanting
to engage with a narrative can I visit
your base in the UK waiting for response
it's much easier to not make a
single-player campaign it's much easy
for maps multiplayer I don't see any
response from a UK so john-boy is John
boyega writer
he's an actor who cares
so John boyega wanted a single player in
E is like did you we have quasi single
player any second and then like a guy
stopped by it's fine and by the way you
know what they're gonna say shit fuck
yeah man dude in Star Wars come on I
love this rich Evans attitude toward
Star Wars which is created work for him
what am I supposed to pretend that I
love pretend that I love the franchise
more than life itself
you want me to why I don't hate it I
just don't really care that much but I
can pretend masturbate to Princess Leia
and her slave outfit if that's what you
really want
it's almost almost as if rich you are an
actor in an entertainer and you enjoy
entertaining it's almost as if I'm being
honest or you bring people and so it's
like it's like as an actor and
entertainer you you make these videos
about like how much you fucking love
Star Wars and they're a little
ridiculous and people enjoy them life
for us they're saying live for us no no
no I can't pretend to give a fuck about
I don't know Darth Vader something space
whizzers I really can't pretend to give
a fuck about space wizards I hate space
wizards but what do you think about like
I like space but I hate wizards since
I'm not that big on Star Wars about when
they use their magic isn't that great
yeah that's great isn't it great when
the spacers yeah your movie the final
battle V the original miniseries I I
never watched me even maneuvers oh god
that's some great that's some great
fucking science fiction I was watching V
the other day I love V I love you and
you enjoy hard boring science fiction VV
dips it's it's thumb and schlock
especially that the sequel mini sir
use the final panel which jet the end
unfortunately goes full schlock but
there's some moments that are great
just just great okay rich they're
wondering if if on Sunday we can get we
can get rich alts tabbing between XCOM
and FTL
well tabbing yeah so so here's here's
your mission for the sunday stream
mmm-hmm
start up a game of FTL start up a game
of XCOM whenever whenever it's not your
turn your next time you have to go over
to FTL do a little bit pause go over to
X come do a little bit it'll be like
it'll be like a chess master playing
multiple games of chess trying to figure
out what the point is trying to figure
out what the point is it's it's testing
testing you how well you can handle how
well you can handle many different
things if people think this would
actually be interesting I'm willing to
give it a shot but alright it just it
just seems like a mess of two games as
opposed to focusing on one oh and you
know what maybe it is time maybe it's
time for police quest to it's been a
while yeah since we've done since we've
done a an old type beat X T adventure II
game yeah now for the record I was
loving superhot yes but III wasn't gonna
let it get me with its artsy bullshit so
you can't thrown me off and I said well
fuck you I can I'm a grown-ass man
that's true that's true it's tough you
mean right now
please quiz to know something okay you
got everybody's hopes up only to like
kick them in the balls
I said Sunday you said you know what
it's time for there's something along
those lines
I might have phrased it you phrased it
really poorly it's pot is quite possible
I phrase that poorly but Sunday oh my oh
my god Sunday we can whip out the police
quest I think mm-hmm unless Jay comes
and Jay won't do the voices with us
right
so if Jay comes we'll play something
else next non Jay Street
dream will be police quest - okay um I
am got I would like to tip and say play
X come to impoverished Evans nice it
says I'm not doing too well at the
moment how can I be more rich like you
stop giving a fuck what other people
think
Caesarion fart says rich oh here
important question given how much you
love Star Wars one famous quote from the
movie would you like engraved on your
tombstone slash urn slash mausoleum
slash lifelike statue erected in your
honor lol fuck my god fraud so is a
quote from the Star Wars that is on your
tombstone live long and prosper
nailed it I think I'm gonna go um if I
have to choose for from my own I'm gonna
go with obi-wan could help you when he
said nanu-nanu how about the Wilhelm
scream just just stepped all over the
punch I'm sorry I'm sorry all over the
punch line that was a naneun it that was
a Mork & Mindy joke I was reaching even
further back I wasn't even thinking yeah
it's just the break brain like a thing
fired off my brain oh wait wait the
Wilhelm scream yeah you know what in the
future I wonder if we could have audio
messages on our tombstones can we do
that now can you make it so if someone
walks up to your tombstone a little
motion light goes off and plays an audio
you guys bring Jay on to play the Mad
Max game Jim I like that
I don't plan on having a tombstone okay
cremate her maid do whatever what the
ashes that have been fucking mad at me
at that point cremate huh yeah why waste
money and all that crap embalming for
what for what well it an hour for the
funeral well you know what I'm gonna
fancy as confident you can just shove
under the ground forever
I'm not going to bombing yeah but I'm
going in the ground just cremate you
know I mean you going I think too many
of us are are cremating we need to go in
the ground
psycho lowlife man yeah get all your
shit decays and goes into the grass and
trees and shit there give a shit fucks
like go like that fuck the grass fucking
cycle of life fuck em what do you think
happens to the ashes you've burnt up all
the nutrients nothing happens to the
edges though somewhere no they went into
the fire they're just in there nothing
I'm going I've already I've already I've
already said it so no embalming and
right into the ground in like a
cardboard box you you saw the thing
where you wanted to be a tree there's
the thing where you can be free do they
they they put you in some gonna sack
what's gonna tree seed well the tree
grows directly feeds off of you that's
creepy as shit
and then you spin you're someone else I
knew who saw that like it sounds cool
like no that's creepy that's creepy as
shit now we're gonna have monster trees
that's how you get haunted trees man
that's alright that's what I want food
ooh dig a hole and toss me in that's all
I need devote your body to say I went
ogen organ donor mmm so you know is that
sure so if I'm really close to dying
then the doctors won't bother I know
somebody needs a heart I just get a half
effort he does it does say to
resuscitate him but that livers looking
mighty nice he doesn't look he doesn't
seem to be doing much with it so you
look at him so you say you've never
drank alcohol
what's that reading the other day
there's a country in uh it's like like
Korea or
Japan you can legally sell your organs
okay I'm fine with that
legally selling your organs if you're
consenting to it yeah yeah oh no I'm
fine with it too I just thought it was
like I saw the article and I was like
you can donate your kidney now I think
you could donate it sure but like fuck
donate you could sell that shit make
some money sure that's fine make some
money why would I have a problem with
this with a with an informed adult
making a decision on what to do with
their body I didn't I didn't say it was
problem I was stating a fact okay and I
thought it was an interesting fact no
problem should be legal you know and all
should be illegal should be legal it
should be legal what prostitution oldest
world's oldest profession is there a
good reason it's illegal for the record
I don't need a prostitute for the record
I got proposition one just walking down
the street was so weird yeah yeah I mean
you know you you walk you drive down the
right Street at night they're out I mean
not tonight it's cold I was actually
walking cuz I was living like I live
like a block away from like the store
yeah at the time yeah just walking
no you won't have a good time really a
good tie don't know what you have see
that's that's I by the way I agree
prostitution should be legal because
then you can have a regulatory office
saying hey let's just make sure nobody's
got it yep yep prostitution and every
drug every you know what I think people
I think I think like hippies now what's
out where they're like pot should be
legal but not cocaine fuck it man make
it all legal let people deal with it
themselves hmm people can fuck
themselves off of drugs they can really
fuck themselves you can fuck themselves
up with alcoholism yes I agree
people can fuck themselves up with a car
fuck it we tried we tried getting rid of
alcoholism it doesn't work
exactly and at all let people let people
have at it you know why the people who
like go crazy and like oh oh D on coke
and heroin they're done they're fine
they're gone it's like great now they
are no longer part of society let's go
let's move on with our lives
treat it like a public health threat
like alcohol and tobacco exactly make
sure that it the help is there for
people who need it if drugs were made
legal right now rich would you do heroin
for one even if I were a drug guy no
because it's it's just stupid
heroin never leads to good things never
never for another thing there's there's
things that are legal to do right now
that I just don't because I don't want
to like alcohol like alcohol always been
always been uncomfortable with the idea
of something that she's gonna alter your
your mindset horribly uncomfortable with
that
Robert Denby would like to say oh thank
you mod for getting rid of that but
Robert Emery would like to say move on
please you guys don't know what the fuck
you're talking about like that's ever
stopped us before get out our Debbie we
don't give a fuck don't we know we're
talking about ok I just wanna I just
wanted to point out that I'm not
listening to you fuck you but thank you
mod for getting rid of been cleaning up
the chat Oh Robert Denby fuck you guy ok
what time we got here 9 mmm all right
great yep let's call it alright we have
preparing for interviews due so we're
gonna call it that was that was a weird
way to end it just kind of talking about
drugs and shit but who cares this is
we're talking about whatever we want to
talk about them let's uh read the things
with the stuff yeah let's do that read
the things with the stuff well we got
where we go
oh the top here frosty snooze 19 months
in a row anonymous makes a very salient
point how poor would you have to be and
in what dystopic world would you
prostitute your bodies oh and here's $2
shake those joysticks you know I don't
think the market is there for for a
gentleman who who looks as good as me so
I don't just don't see that being a
possibility I get money from to not have
sex with people yeah yeah oh go away
here take $5 go get away from me
Oh bother
a michael 87 18 months in a row I
believe it's a Michelle I Michelle we've
gone through this before a Michelle 87 I
said remember next time and of course I
didn't because I'm rich Evans so I
completely forgot
80 bucks in a row krob my San Franciscan
friend krob macaws neg haps wait wait
don't
HAP's man 78 aku no ha ha 2015 again
what aku no ha ha ha ah ok I'll go no
hot on 2015 like a like a kun da Matata
iku no Hana a kun Ohana dude that's it
what a wonderful the phrase I think
you're reaching no it's it's in reach
but I think you're really stretching to
get there Santos midnight Andy
no that's that's definitely like you
know midnight and a either that like
either it's a late night DJ like welcome
to smooth jazz with midnight Andy or
it's like the the detective from an old
radio serial let's swing let's wait with
midnight Andy he solves the peculiar
case of the peccadillo piccolo a
callback that only you will get who
knows what lurks in the hearts of man
midnight and he does
Caesarion fart pneumonitis gobbledygook
s-- nineteen months in a row captain DC
Universe Online himself it's free you
fucks after seventy donations will do a
free one should probably play it he
talks so high yeah I know I know I'm so
convinced he works for them he's
spending he's spending their advertising
budget I'm doing my job I have I have
streamers talking about DC he's trying
to get fired
oh you wait you want him to play it ah
another ad money going to yeah and then
it's Fitz channel le Raza just subscribe
hey fresh one what you mean I'll get to
those ah spooky Dookie 14 months in a
row but you're glad when you get to say
that I need to love spooky Dookie
it's like poop it's like a ghost poop
but it rhymes it's like a ghost poop
there I'm so it's spooky Dookie it does
it fills me with joy Lucas Ducas things
that rhyme the dude 1944 14 months in a
row
you know you know I had a conversation
with a dude once sometimes it bar eats
you sometimes you eat two bar gnomes I'm
I'm just I'm just thinking about
gambling hooks and and NDC online or how
we were just tearing apart DC villains
for like an hour just sweating at his
office yeah a pain for us to talk about
god they take all the pounds suck we
really we have to play it now and how
we're just like we're horrible assholes
it debris we just reads free fucks you
know the dude the dude yeah did you said
I said that one yeah rich read Stardust
14 months in a row we stroll are you've
over there
yeah horrible glory what a horrible
glory doesn't that sound like the end of
an epic novel yes yes and it was then
that I found myself the horrible glory
the end of the 16 months in a row you
know that epic novel space cowboys space
cowboy yes it ends the last line of that
novel is a horrible glory there's
friction like I'm just trying to pick
like ash luckiest thing I could think
space cowboys and so we we saddled up
our laser ponies and rode off into the
Stardust space cannon
months in a row here Oh jung-hee are a
young okay hero young handsome Rob right
welcome handsome Rob welcome welcome
questionable protip well first of all
that's a great name that's us in a
nutshell
welcome welcome questionable protip
grappa 18 months in a row all the pizza
train 11 13 months in a row brings
knives to gun fights 19 months in a row
look what we got here we got ourselves a
little piss boy kiss okay it's boss is
that up is that a history of the world
part one reference did you see that yeah
it's a great great Mel Brooks movie
Corman's saying coming up this boy piss
boy it comes over because he's the
higher society guy oh boy comes over
with about yeah yeah could be its I took
it as like a like a boy no that's high
society this boy this boy oh sure sure
Master Kenobi double O 721 fucking
months in a row fuck man
and sir Hillary man fat 15 months in a
row from now on she's everything over 20
get a fucking in front of it absent when
T one fucking months in a row absolutely
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it also there's a couple tips
that we got but we wanted to finish
reading those subscribers
um I Joe $0.79 says when are you two
going to do the stream dressed as clowns
never I hate clowns so much well then I
will I will
oh god I'll be you'll notice me my body
language I'm even thinking about it
almost be a little bit further away you
know maybe maybe like a Halloween stream
instead of instead of talking I'll just
like honk my horn oh oh god one more I
wouldn't let you said that I almost hit
end well you you're gonna be happy that
we saved this one anonymous would like
us to know
that they wouldn't want to have sex with
us either lol don't fuck fuck my cock so
I'm glad you waited for that fair enough
