Episode 077
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 3)
April 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpNrJI0aP4o
___________________________________________

go again
to homicide office where captain Hollis
right announced that Jessie Bane's
escaping assigns you to the case open
cabinet get Bane's file you know sir two
photos get mugshot close file and close
cabinet take car keys from Rack near the
window go to the hall right behind open
bin yep I just don't know
thanks fisted by this if I don't look
says guys I'm super drunk I don't know
what the fuck you need to do that's that
doesn't help us tasted hmm are we
supposed to call somebody or something
right no worried everything for the
beginning for the walkthrough the
adventure begins when you detective
Sonny bonds are getting to work at
Litton police station first you have to
get keys from ignition now open
compartment and get LPD business card
you will need it later okay in order to
leave the car press f4 go to the police
station an unlocked door sit on a spare
SKU stool and look basket there you
discover subpoena unlock drawer get
letter and read letter get wallet you
can open wallet if you'd like to see
what inside because the drawer is now
empty
you will closed drawer stand and look
around there is one quite interesting
paper on captain halls desk so go near
it and look papers you can see some
words write them down they are passwords
to computer databank look bulletin
boards near window and you will see that
you're shooting scores aren't too good
don't worry you'll fix that pretty soon
use computer and turn computer on you
can use it as a primitive d OS based
system commands like dir and CD are
available feel free to dig around in
data banks but be sure to scan following
topics personnel Pratt Lloyd and
personnel Haynes Calvin where you had to
fill out the computer type quit and end
computer section go to the narcotics
office and speak to Lloyd Pratt he is a
drug problem
ask him about drugs
and you have saved Pratt from his drug
problem good work you must be thinking
now what about that shooting stuff P
patient we are coming to it first you
have to get some equipment go to the
locker room in order to get your locker
code look at back of LPD card now find
your locker an open locker get gun from
Locker you mustn't forget ammo so take a
mocha and take handcuffs clothes locker
while you are waiting so let's go to the
shooting range give gun to weapons
officer for quick trigger check Oh get
ear protection and miles goes to the
free booth give gun to weapons officer
thank you and says okay okay bones
pick any booth and obey all safety
regulations while in the range it's
gonna be huge
when you're ready you can fire at will
and don't forget to see me for a new
supply of ammo before leaving okay so
that's what you should have done before
going to the thing there give me some
hint that's what one rather they should
have for a quick quicker trek get ear
protection for miles and go to the free
booth there seems to be a good time for
some tips about weapon usage blah blah
blah and then that's all the then we you
know use your protectors look at target
adjust sight change target press back
button when you're all done do you think
that's it
I don't know all done get it leave
separates us and everything else is you
know mug shot file closed cabinet go go
go that could have been it
yep then further this max copies tonight
from the office 5:3 berry to 10-4 will
copy are you on route to Litton City
Journal
a suniye this escape has got to be a
real nightmare for you on the other hand
it must be a super nightmare for that
poor correctional officer yeah yeah well
partner yeah I guess this mean that that
the that the unspeakable Asterix symbols
has really hit the fan
I should hope Baines let that correction
officer go on oh you know I'm saying
it'd be a shame just a just a shame if
anything happened to I did this past
five to remarry to 1097 let in City Jail
yeah that's where I'm gonna shoot don't
you glove you want with an easier voice
throat five three very tool ten-four no
1097 City Jail finally I you you go
ahead son I'm gonna study a bit have a
smoke
it's gonna be great so yeah so by the
way let's just comment a little bit yeah
the mostly BS thing of having to do that
one very specific really you should not
have been able to go into the fire I
agree
until you were able to do that things
just I agree yes I'll still take it over
point-and-click sure can just click on
things your stalker rather than at least
having to think a little bit well maybe
I should do this but after that
so I'm going to look around now this is
the underground parking garage of the
new living city jail because apparently
they rebuilt the entire city after the
last game everything nothing was good
enough anymore after I put this town on
the map there was such an influx of new
income after you put the angel of death
or the death angel actually there was a
horrible D it could come after that
because that drug trade that was really
keeping the city alive all the drugs and
all the drugs flow into this town named
after the local businesses they spent a
ton of money I really I put the whole
city into an economic crisis we have
where'd the money to rebuild all this
stuff when the President of the United
States god bless his soul gave us
emergency funds to save the town from
from certain disaster I'm filled with
pride as the memories of the dedication
ceremonies returned the dedication
ceremonies to this jail well we'll put
all of the poor people so they won't be
able to bother us nice normal folks
anymore I also have a sneaking suspicion
again that someone's watching me
perhaps through a people of some kind a
rusty peephole it's much easier when you
don't have to draw everything all the
way out into the edges of the frame it
is a time-saving measure because we need
to be efficient
I appreciate efficiency following my
heroic capture of Jessie Bane's aka The
Death Angel boom I became an instant
celebrity after plunging the town into
an economic disaster but now unless I
recapture Bane's only the bitter bitter
memories of failures will remain
dun-dun-dun look at wall I'm gonna look
at this wall now oh I see gutting
lockers built into the gun creed wall
next to a heavy metal door and I don't
appreciate heavy metal
that I don't like anything more risque
than the Beach Boys even them ahead
sound even though I wouldn't ask I'll
make a noise good animals in quiet
less the dogs barking and criminals
sometimes stand up everybody to
understand I've been an hour it's time
to stand up there appears to be a
built-in video camera surveillance
system and a speaker on the wall above
the door there was a button to the right
of the door wouldn't it be nice if we
were older it's not about being nice
it's about doing a civic duty doing this
for your home
take a little break coming any more
water
wouldn't it be nice if we were older
that we wouldn't have to write so learn
it's for your health your health it's
important I feel since I've started
standing up every hour on the stream I
feel so much better afterwards
boom started the timer again you know
like you sit down for just four hours
straight and then you you get up and and
it just it just hurts what's sad
which rich is really sad because there's
just one slice of cheese left in the
kitchen you went to make a sandwich and
there's only one slice of cheese which
is very sad about that so
I stood up to grab a new beer that's
fine you stood up that's all that
matters
that's all that matters no this this
laptop is not a Mac it's a it's an old
Windows laptop that I had at home and I
brought it here so I wouldn't have to
bring in my laptop all the time
we need a longer intermission to get
more cheese yeah
there hasn't been you know like we've
just been playing the game as what
usually happens when we play police
quest it's more you know it actually
holds our attention so there's been less
conversation to catch everybody up
Ghostbusters the remake is gonna suck
that's okay movies suck are you gonna
eat a cheese sandwich live on stream Oh
Oh sputters I love that Bill Murray
that's a funny man it was it was very it
was very sad on Saturday Lisa and I went
to a party and we were all discussing
the Ghostbusters trailer and everybody
was in agreement like oh my god no just
no good can come from this and we we
started discussing you know like the
problems with the trailer and like how
it really didn't compare to the first
one and then it was just like we need to
go watch the first one I'm like I
quickly looked it up online like where I
could get like a blu-ray copy of
ghostbusters oh they ever they've won at
Best Buy's it's in stock right now we'll
stop on the way and then some work stuff
came up so we weren't able to watch the
Ghostbusters on Saturday and that was
really sad I'm sorry you know I do all I
want to do now is watch ghostbusters you
know the sandwich would be delicious
with more cheese on it or something but
they haven't we have got a clue small
Skelton you did you just missed stand-up
time but there's still time stand-up now
we just got back from stand-up time we
are now sitting again taking a little
break staring at a wall while rich eats
a cheese sandwich so
I know we're not progressing very fast
into the game yeah but is the return of
Sunday bonds is it living up to
expectations
this is everything you would hope for
everything everybody hoped for rich I
know it to be true
I know it to be true I don't know if
people will go see the new Ghostbusters
movie the what was what was the other
movie that just bombed recently the
remake the the gem in the Holograms
movie big stars big names nobody care
about jamming the Holograms in the first
place this is not a remake really it's
it well it's a it's a nostalgia property
with with big names in it did not do
very well fairly worthless nostalgia
property just saying Robocop's a better
comparison Robocop the Robocop bomber is
it just for I'm not sure it's definitely
forgotten about well oh yeah it's that
one forgotten hold on I'm gonna I'm
gonna look up the numbers for Robocop
the remake box office mojo dot-com go
Zootopia is doing very well
Robo Cop go Robocop let's see here okay
ready yeah estimated production budget
of Robocop 2014 mmm one hundred million
dollars yeah domestic total gross more
than that 58 million dollars domestic
domestic well because where's that now
oh my god Jesus great well it made a
little bit of money a hundred and eighty
four million what is wrong with you rest
of the world we we'd like to see a
matter connection movie is so cool
though copies all sort of rubber you had
a great previous role that movie made by
a foreign director ooh
could've been for I don't care
Jose Padilla yeah we like we love to
watch American action movie where cop is
also a robot it's our greatest joy oh
the cop is also the robot yeah let me
wash down that mostly bread sandwich
without really ugly can of Diet Coke I
mean really this is just an ugly ugly
can mostly bread sandwich well says Jose
Pedulla not much I think he's a foreign
director how's that Pedulla you don't
expect to have Americans have more
common sense these days Americans did
have more you don't expect it though oh
you don't expect expect it okay yeah I
mean so Americans didn't go see the
Robocop remake yeah that's something
maybe the real dumb fat people are in
Europe from yeah we have cheese and wine
and olive oil goes bust else it has we
mean now it's good we like to see their
women and we also like it when they
ghosts I think it as you say a boost as
it goes but stills they have course with
slime Oh should slime all over the
SummerSlam I'm Italian so I like exist
in my cinema I like Jerry if something
works you just keep doing it again and
again and again and again nor do
ghostbusters
he'll need to be the slime right that's
a little bit funny we got so much fun
now so funny we make a Mad Max movie
whatever card explores every single time
it's so good so many so many versions
okay oh wait jail etiquette I'm assuming
I got to put my gun in the thing yes
my place west to Manuel
nope okay hey push button did it boom Oh
skeletal snuggles would like to give us
a tip for the rich get some cheese fun
will do we're gonna stock this fridge
with all sorts of cheeses give it great
signal the jailor by pushing the buzzer
the jailer speaks to me to the PA system
fucking desk a bomb I guess I'm saying
this but someone else is saying there's
net I just I hurt my brain because that
didn't make any sense but a booking desk
can I help you cuz I asked if I could
help you
is it a ghost hello call for ladies over
here with proton packs oh my god hello
ask about thing ask about bangs I'm not
sure what you want me to do I'm not sure
either goes I'm just gonna open the door
I'm getting confused I'm gonna take out
my gun I'm getting very confused and I'm
going to take out my gun somebody tell
me what I need to do oh now I can't
crocodile brain guys your streamers
always everything that we could possibly
hope for it keep up the great work thing
that Craig Melvin yeah please face the
camera and show your identification
that's salad information that's the
directive of a I know what to do no
thank you I need to make sure you're not
a ghost I'm very afraid of all of no
ghosts of all goes show pictures oh wow
and this way the movie delirious
something very awkward would happen
right now
can I put my badger away now just
showing my ID I hear a loud metal Clank
is that jailer releases the door locks
obviously excited a bonds I can't
believe what happened I can't get always
unless the surfer gonna get no surfer
guy got kidnapped
okay okay Brad I said the jailer got
kidnapped
I can't get over it we've never had an
officer kidnapped before Bane's took pat
patty
pétain paint paint an escaped in Pat
Hayes car I sure hope he's okay poor kid
he's just a rookie in the height
I haven't haven't had it heck we just
put together a file on Baynes this
morning and he's gone already
what was I supposed to do ask about file
that's not a clear sentence but in video
game logic it should work ask file why
do you ask a file which for how do you
want to look at I mean I know we were
just talking about Baynes and how we
just finished the file on Baynes but if
you could be more specific it what file
you want to look at maybe the Baynes
are you a more at audible I'm borderline
underachieving in all my academic
classes I've been a cop for 21 years and
I've never seen anyone quite as stupid
as you if it helps I was raised in a
paint factory bank when I became a cop
you had to pass a test then if you
weren't smart enough you didn't pass the
test and they'd beat you with rocks I'm
not a cop I'm a jailor it's my job to
make sure the door is closed I'm feeling
a strong urge to take you out back and
beat you with rocks
I would I would suggest
that I don't like rocks unfortunately
that's illegal for some reason it's
gonna this sucks so much files you want
to look at Bane's unbelievable
fucking un-fuckin'-believable I can't
believe the things that I'm saying
Oh Aki file files have to say yes give
him back before you leave what happened
to his head he's turning into a girl
he's turning into a hippie or a hippie a
girl able to the same thing really
ultimately there's no difference between
a woman and a hippie except cooking
hippies don't know how to cook no the
raw food we're gonna have to we're gonna
have to round up all the hippies and
teach them how to cook okay let's see
attempted murder Sonny bombs of course
we have a new mugshot nice
Boston secular colors inside a duellist
room again but rich in regards to the
abyss since you haven't seen the
director's cut would you like my old DVD
for free
you fucked no I said I won't tell you
not to but you don't have to I can't
acquire this thing of my soul that's a
nice thought thank you I won't turn it
down but but okay you got the mug this
is reading things I was are there's
anything else I might need to know what
is that one down there I mean this is
only one page is there two pages
turnover hitting inner does nothing okay
great
assigned to handle tum' right down
Hambleton I don't know what that it's
gonna mean anything assigned to Hamilton
well that was quick signed to Hamill
tongue okay Bane's assigned to Hamilton
is that everything I have to do here my
done hello I'm getting confused again
I'm gonna take out my gun but I gotta go
got my guns in the locker I can you go
in the jail nope nope I don't think I
need to I'm gonna I'm gonna save okay
I'll maybe it's too late okay get in the
door I'll save a new save file in case
that fucks something out there I try to
try to go back in I think you know
remember last time it's like looking the
jail stuffs well look in the jail what
do you mean looking the in the cell like
in the where the doors are Oh for fuck's
sake we got one BB 2 bvp button you know
the hell yeah chat saying there's more
shit to do chatot chats with me on this
one must have important business just
show yourself out don't go back go
further back go up that a door door over
there to brown the Bronco yeah that's
the door inside the jail
yeah well go through the door in that
door the door to the north the door in
the floor yeah up there go up there can
you open that door no that open door
well that's I think it's just the other
side of this door
open doot oh I am duped though you're
authorized to open it's the one leaving
back outside talk to the dingbat open
this duck don't tell me I can't use the
word hippie adventure game staple look
around couple of hooks
I enjoyed the nerdy chat about
narratives thanks thank you thank you
fun time last we did we do we twit that
right yeah we tweeted similar it is
people might not might not be hip to the
twits I know I'm not for anyone who
doesn't follow us on the Twitter nerdy
Inc a YouTube channel I had a nice
conversation with us about storytelling
and games and the video just came out I
wanna say yesterday or whenever i
retweeted their tweet about the video
and it was really fun it's like a
45-minute hour long discussion just rich
and me and the two guys from nerdy Inc
talking about story and video game is
quite a quite a fun time we're done it
was good turned out well um what's your
opinion on ghostbusters 3 story games
based on established worlds can tell
good stories like DC Universe Online for
the ps1 it's radio Fox
I didn't play ghostbusters 3 oh the game
oh the game yeah the Ghostbusters the
the recent one 3d one great yeah it's
great
we should play that oh we can't stream
it well we can technically but it's very
dialogue heavy and it's dialogue by Bill
Murray dan Aykroyd inhaled Ramos we
don't want to talk over that I don't
want to talk over that okay this is like
no point and streaming it just find it
and play it yeah oh but no you're right
van Belding it is just audio it is
there's no video it is just us talking
so like it's a youtube video but just
put
in the background and it's it's
basically a podcast so we figured out
what we need to do oh hold on
oh whoa gonna get caught up this first
games mm that sounds an awful lot like
Bane's
I've got my eye on you spectacularly
sick this evening nothing better than
hard-boiled Sonny bonds and Edith bunker
to lift my spirits that that the classic
crime-fighting duo right there Sonny
bombs and Edith bunker Oh Sammy I don't
think we're in the right neighborhood
knows what a day's rich really doesn't
want to give Ernie Hudson winston
zeddemore any credit that's the second
time he's left him out because he's
relatively unimportant I'm sorry I know
Winston has his fans I don't hate the
character I don't hate Ernie Hudson
yeah but ghostbusters is a classic
because of Bill Murray Harold Ramis and
Dan Aykroyd also you could replace Ernie
Hudson with a lot of different actors
and it wouldn't change the movie at all
Ernie Hudson's great he's great in the
movie replace him with Eddie Murphy and
you've got a better movie probably well
the character actually is the straight
man so let's see that's the thing about
his character he is the audience avatar
right he's supposed to be uninteresting
and unimportant
he's the information sponge right okay
so they can dump like how all the
equipment works as a site I also think
it's just kind of a joke that you know
with for most of the movie like 2/3 of
the movie we have our established guys
and these are our main characters and
then all of a sudden there's just like
employee with them it is this out of
place guy who's just there for the money
right you got work for me this is great
it's just there I will believe in
whatever you tell me to if there's a
paycheck in it that's that's how he's
not a terrible character he's just not
an essential ingredient to the magic
you could replace that met character
that Ernie Hudson even then even the
character you could was hurting Hudson a
lot of different actors who could just
be a straight man
yeah and it's fine but it's just fine
but Ernie Hudson does a great job yeah I
never said he did a bad job never said
he did a bad job why do you hate her and
Hudson so much extremes everything's
gonna stream everything's a fucking
extreme the Tigers Kirk Winston was
conceived as Eddie Murphy Aykroyd wrote
the character for Murphy after doing
trading places with him Winston was
supposed to be the best Ghostbuster he
had more science training and was a
marine but they needed an every man
without Winston they're not crying about
absolutely.i I've heard that like you
know his character was supposed to be
this huge part of but no you need to be
do you think the movie is terrible
before Winston shows up and to do you
think that Ernie Hudson is the only
person who could have done this job
those are the two things I want to ask -
yep yep welcome to the Internet okay
great but back to the back of the thing
Oh oh yeah you figured out what hey I
asked about Pete no there's another file
on paint because the chiller is an idiot
it didn't think to do this in the first
place here's a line motherfucker oh oh
yeah you want to look at paints fine
I'll go get it for ya oh yeah that makes
a lot of sense
you mean the guy who is kidnapped you
want to know about him too weird you
know bands the fantasy here's a map for
you Louise you spit you can't take well
let's see if there's maybe important
information on her what do we got
let's get her let's get our handy-dandy
notebook I mean sono alias nice date of
birth these things might be might be
useful like we gotta wait out we're
gonna ready a call male 511 black brown
hair found a ditch and oh that's
probably paid yeah yeah but then we
don't need information well we don't
remember just write down what do you
want date of birth birth Wow
yeah sure sure height hair weight 511
165 black hair
okay
corrections officer what is what a stat
probation mean I don't know that weird
depart mental actions none so I don't
think II was on probation when he sent
me V we worked that was this job he
worked in brochure that could be yeah
okay well we're good and there's no way
to get further in nope okay great
definitely don't want to forget my guts
your gun I mean any updates of the
Winston's situation
Oh ghost was removing an Amazon Prime
video with it maybe I'll watch that like
I'd like to get you know what I'd and
actually the Best Buy has like a
Ghostbusters 1 & 2 on blu-ray but it
didn't have any special features behind
besides like that a dan Aykroyd and
Harold Ramis roundtable discussion which
could be great and I'd like a nice
blu-ray like some commentary behind the
scenes shit you know
open door they're saying don't go
they're saying they're saying we're not
done for Randall John B eight to twenty
says thank you Jack and rich you're
welcome you're welcome thank you thank
you John B you do their stuff I mean
there's got to be something more in
there you we have to get further into
the jail I'm not good I don't know I'm
not gonna look at the chat right now
besides the real van saying don't go
don't go show ID to camera talk to the
thing put the thing in the thing I had
that debt debt debt debt that the bifida
Hoopa need boobity boo show IDs really
busy blondes
oh yeah you want to know I mean we know
can you like can you ask asks - going
back
I don't see anything particularly
interesting I don't I don't see anything
particularly interests out get out of
here you asked to go in the back of the
thing I don't think that's the science
yeah they're saying you're not done the
same you're not done
Oh beefcake has a good suggestion but
there's a camera outside and they made
special mention of that can't work so he
says ask about security tapes what wait
right what you don't have a field kit
what wait mr. Beebe's has an important
question about my part of my my shaved
head do you have to polish or shine your
head or does it just happen when you
make sure you shave it completely it
just happens you get a very shiny head
when you shave it actually I'm looking
at ways to diiie shine my head
okay okay
feel good so now I would unfortunately I
hit enter too fast so I didn't get to
read that what happened he has for the
field kid I gave him the fuel kid night
I don't know if we're done are we done
there was no BP to BP so now to talk to
her again you gave him the field kit oh
okay well I want you automatically
walked out so I guess that assumes
doneness wait you gave him the kid and
then he gave it right back to you yes
wait I don't like it I don't think you
did anything
the detectives field kit is used to
carry various things you'll need in the
course of your investigation plastic
bags small camera casting plaster glass
vial eyedropper blueprint fingerprint
powder fingerprint brush fingerprint
tape look at theme walkthrough and we'll
read what happened
what we Bester will read what happened
when I hit energy fast okay let's see
here press buzzer show ID get Pat a file
to see about the cadet yeah close file
get Bane's file Bane's files up to date
photo and Jesse Bane's getting mugshot
close file ask about escape its what is
according to the official walkthrough
I'm not gonna read any further than ask
about escape
not gonna read any further than asked
about escape god I gotta take control
gotta gotta gotta take control I did it
again Oh what where I didn't read the
thing oh whoa I accidentally had
something a great sting
no one will be fine fine we're gonna be
fine we're gonna be fine
we're slap-happy we're doing things
sloppy you're slap-happy and doing
things sloppy you have this is what this
is what happens you and when we do these
any battles you are in complete control
and you were fucking it up okay here we
go okay okay here you go while I'm at it
give me your field kit to put behind the
car you're not supposed to bring it in
here you know okay so okay important
things didn't happen okay I hate to be
rude okay ask about escape like I told
you before I just walked into the next
room and now and I'll call him out what
so I have to ask about that before you
call the guy out you jerk What did he
say before there's a guy he hasn't
talked about mmm my god oh my god are
you here to get me out of this joint
oh thank you jack thank you I appreciate
that we need to get out of the do do
I'll boo you have a chopper you can get
me to the gem oh there we go rich talk
to me Anna I don't know what you want to
talk about you could talk about the
pumping iron the weight living so good
it's like you're coming what are you a
weight lifting and it feels like you're
coming all over the place we could talk
about Puerto Rico I did a vacation video
actually what I really want to know
about um is Hercules in New York what
were you thinking they told me they
would give me lots of money and I took
their money actually you know something
I don't know about means I spent those
money and invested I'm a very smart
businessman I feel deceived I used to
think you sounded like an American
what's he talking about I am an American
I'm American police officer is going to
be great and tell me about babes
I don't know nothing about the dude
they're men there really remember I've
got a gun it's a nice answer Rob you got
to find it no Carl he's a good friend of
mine and the Maria she's my wife used to
be my wife I know Philippe she you know
is the one I looked at instead of my
wife oh yeah this guy never do the bends
he did a number on you little do you
ever friend
he used his muscles to Bochum Benz
jumped really blue key while being a
moved it looked like he was holding some
sort of knife do you know the protector
did you ever throat something is the
such like he look so easy I mean he just
grabbed the jailor put the knife to his
throat and like well now how do you say
like fancy walk like like walk with this
keep in your step vicious I said it's
really hard to say shit in the other
voice is right now the unbelievable man
now this is why I didn't want to do the
Don Wilson voice as a character that
lines to read long because for some
reason the voice
it comes and goes of course
you it's hard to say but yet when you
are when you are Arnold Schwarzenegger
we even though I do go a little French
sometimes because these Austrians like
it a little French in there
unbelievable is actually Arnold can
girlfriend so he put and I have any
sashay down yeah it does everything I'm
in ok ok well we got a dingaling so he
had a knife of some sort oh no no ok
about the knife mama I'm sure it's fine
I haven't come back it's fine it's fine
what does walk through say fine I
California where I was the governor it
gets French Arnold is from everywhere
he's an amazing an amazing character
Arnold Schwarzenegger
save the game also thank you the real
bad okay could you just wait up there
Sonny wait wait wait up well what's a
little rash anyway what's going on hey I
was just over here I was I was doing
something totally not suspicious just
hanging outside and smoking a cigarette
while you were doing actual police work
there yeah I really appreciate that and
behind the wheel of an unmarked police
cruiser My partner kee this puffing away
in a cigarette being not suspicious at
all that refreshing flavor Camel
cigarettes
no wait Marvel's definitely Marvel's
marble emeralds marble no rose the
cigarette of cowboys Oh telega I'm sorry
if I missed your tip Jack and rich would
you ever do a full stream with rich
dressed as Plunkett and Jack dressed as
fuck bot
oh no buddy you couldn't sit down the
fuck bot a one I couldn't sit down in
the fuck pot - the fuck pot outfit he's
no longer it dig a trench completely
they got trashed completely saved we
saved his head but the the cardboard on
the inside was rock cuz it was it was a
cardboard box that we covered in
aluminum foil yeah and the cardboard was
rotting yeah this make sense yeah that
makes sense the grocery list in this
guy's case it has only one item
cigarettes oh there you go I'm trying to
work him up - cigars we can yeah we can
work on fuck pot 3.0 but Keith keeps a
carton of cigarettes in the glove box he
doesn't like anyone messing with his
stash
all his cigarettes yeah because he's got
a neat stash out his face did it yeah
you see if it's not a good joke though
if it takes you that long to get it that
makes it a terrible joke but I'm not a
comedian
everything I say is dead serious now
what are we doing
you spray Atta use radio what is it what
a police procedure say 1020 in situation
well this is awkward dude let me go to a
pre lit policeman where would you like
to go I hold on homicide investigation
procedure no we're not there felony
arrest procedures police computer
procedures there's a radio procedures
response all radio transmission as
required according to the police
regulations avoid unnecessary radio
transmissions Oh No rich well it's
already happened rich
oh okay I have my mucho paperwork to
finish that sir that's okay married five
to ten ten eighty from Luton City Jail
253 barrier to ten foot on dispatch
coppers tenants from written city in
general dispatch five three Mary to be
advised we are in route to the office I
gotta do some stuff maybe five three
Mary two or ten four we copy are enroute
to advisor to discuss we have further
traffic for you a dispatch up five
through Mary to go ahead with your
traffic hmm you do the traffic thing now
five rumor to land for traffic officer
Haynes has located a vehicle belonging
to the correctional officer / captain
hole respond to that 10 20 and 1198 with
officer hands dispatch care yeah yeah
yeah well big boy let's add let's roll
let's do the wrong thing I'll be a value
one oak tree Mari oh we're going to the
tree mall not the Creek Mall the tree
most shit that's a shit mall on a train
copy we're going to do
Oak Creek Mall get out of town oak tree
oh boy yeah I know that place that my
wife spent that have my paycheck day you
know I'm saying Mary always had a
bulldog for a hood ornament you know I'm
saying she's a lovely wife I do love you
know can you believe that cause they're
dry dry give us the drive these days I
think we can get better acceleration for
my tends to be the bike yeah you know
yeah no respect at all dispatch five
tree Merrick to attend 297 oak tree mall
yeah you know there's a lot of ways is
my favorite rule come full dispatch
Gophers done monitor some 103 more you
want I could do dispatch no you're
you're set on the bane voice okay if you
want to keep doing it I won't stop you
I look sad that is over there that hangs
over there we should go talk to that dad
that Mook
yeah dispatches bane because I love the
bane place and this patches okay this is
definitely correctional opposite okay
this is direct this is definitely the
correctional officers gah that's Haynes
Haynes oh oh my god hangs as an elder I
don't know these things when I start
reading cuz it says someone say is later
on it's probably scanned it first with
my eyes I don't think to do that
you got a scan of perseverance man
there's there's definitely the
correctional officers car although
versions cold right we're gonna check Oh
see I said Sonny I'm gonna go take a
look around and leave your general
eyesight for non suspicious reason you
going see that shadow a man over there
I'm gonna go talk to him it's not gonna
be a big deal I'll go check around lower
where maybe some witnesses or something
I already I'll put some kind of
magnetron and that'll make a witness
appear just leaving you alone now you
you go do you look a card look at that
guy look at look at the cat look at the
cat is a cat in there I find that cat to
be suspicious looking at the cop car do
ya buddy yeah but do you look at the
right car I don't know what the right
car is there's a lot of cars
wait is that I don't think that's right
car okay
I think I think it's the other car
fucking love this soundtrack I need to
get this OTS looking around you find a
thing know which is the right guy oh
yeah maybe is the other guy
maybe it's this yellow car that would be
weird
it's definitely not that one no wait why
don't you do it general wait well yeah
yeah yeah I forgot adventure game rule
number two look around it's the main
entrance through the oak tree of all the
cities now this is the main entrance to
Oak Tree Mall the city's newest location
for shopping convenience because
apparently everything is brand new
there's not a single goddamn thing that
used to be around a year ago we tore the
whole city down the memories of the
Death Angel were that they were just too
painful everyone was so sad once the
loss of the the economy happened after
he got taken down by me that we just had
to start from scratch
