Episode 079
(not) Gonna Get a Mew (Pokemon Plaid part 1)
April 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9LB2kd_ha4
___________________________________________

screaming that's fantastic hello
everybody hello everybody
oh my god I started at the perfect time
to catch this sweet sweet ass opening
intro for pokemon yellow the the
pokemons begins this was the first as
soon as I got the 3d as the first thing
I bought was pokemon yellow so because
uh you know I'm gonna dull and I can buy
pokemon if I wanted my Pokemon you can
like Pokemon if you want there's nothing
nothing wrong with it good IQ because I
do you you can like pokemons
you can drink Zima you do you can do
whatever you want I'm not gonna drink
Zima but I am gonna like Pokemon game
audio is gonna be a little low it's
there but it's gonna be you can track
down like an old unopened box I guess
it's box of ecto cooler sure oh you can
you can drink it it would probably be a
terrible idea
but this is the thing you can do oh
Jesus Christ could you imagine drinking
like a 20 year old kool-aid thing of
ecto cooler on youtube is this thing
called surreal time for Haiti real time
talks about old serials and he'll buy
like a box of cereal they haven't made
30 years and he'll he'll eat some of it
and he'll gag every time he keeps doing
it well I mean good good for him yeah
you know we all we all have to have a
hobby rich all of us every single one of
us have to have a hobby that's right we
are return of the plinking masters no
face cams just because um
this is Jack plane I think it's very
important to note so this is not the the
mega punch to win that's right this is
not the mega punch game cuz this is me
playing on my version of pokemon yellow
you'll see I don't even have any badges
yet I've only caught a couple Pokemon so
I'm not very far into the game ie and I
what I want to do is what's been
something that's been circulating around
the internet recently is how to do a
glitch in the game to get a rare Pokemon
really early on and I'm gonna try to do
that I am playing pokemon yellow which
means I get this adorable Pikachu coming
around with me look at this guy this guy
he's adorable I got this Pikachu that
just follows me around everywhere and
it's great rich doesn't care and I don't
care that he doesn't care because I love
it shockingly less colorful
well this this is the but when we're
replaying rich do you remember when we
were playing no we were playing the
Gameboy advanced version I want to say
we were playing firered which was a
remake of one of them yeah firered was
the remake of Pokemon Red and I am
playing pokemon yellow this was a this
is a gameboy color game and so like look
what happened you can even when you go
into different towns the color palette
actually changes but it's all like old
awful ugly black and white and it's
great okay what was I doing
pokemons
okay here's what here's the Pokemon yeah
so I have my Pikachu who's level seven I
got a manky I got a girl and a guy meter
and which I'm pretty happy with the knee
Turin's if you look here the the female
and the male neither ends have slightly
different stats and I want to say one of
them is better but I forgot which and I
meant to look it up earlier today like
here's the here's the male Nidoran and
he's got like a cool horn in big ears
and then the female one she's got like a
little horn
and big years but I think she's
poisonous so I want her I don't know but
this is all the same thing
mm-hmm no same icon no no well in in
this menu they all have they all have an
icon to like like these are all kind of
like dragony types and then he's a
normal type that's a Pikachu they all
have the same
yeah they look okay so they have to go
then you have to go in to the menu no
cuz right this is you know how old is
this game now 18 years is an 18 year old
handheld game so look at that man ki man
he's a great one he's a fighting type
man I should love love my man key it's a
shame I'm at home without a face come
face canvas I'm sure I've just got this
wonderfully lost expression on my face I
you know it's it's a lot it's a lot like
the stuff that I kept cutting to during
the fire watch review where it's just
Rich's face of non-caring I'm beside
again I really like the story elements I
like the characters and Firewatch I did
I know you did that's why in a dialogue
I made sure to keep that in so you
weren't just you know harping on at all
time because I know that you liked the
story and the characters scratch any
Dorian but uh you know it's and it's
okay that we have a difference of
opinions I think a lot of people like
that I thought I think what's really
funny is in the comment section of the
video it is almost exactly 50/50 split
over who agrees with who every other
comment is is either Oh John keel yes
Janki oh I have the twat Ron but thank
you for reminding me because I often
forget every other comment is oh man I
can't believe I agree with Jack and or
rich of course rich is right yeah
everything yeah rich is right not
everything
so I love it we have apparently hit on a
controversial video game and people
either love it or hate it as is the
world and as is the way with the
internet rich well we you know I just
told you I'll say it again for the sake
of the chapter i just just learned
something that neither of us knew before
that probably explains why it's yeah why
is polarized rich you you came across a
shocking revelation it rocked my very
foundation anita sarkisian is thanked in
the credits which i the fucking idea
right i doubt you did oh god I mean she
didn't make the game she's thanked in
the credits but there's a there's a name
that's gonna draw some some hate and/or
love and I did think it was really funny
some people because I really liked fire
watch some people were accusing me in
the comments of the YouTube video of
being a social justice warrior I think
they called me a typical social justice
warrior for liking the game
the theme is white people are horrible
and you have to be a girl or different
I'm sorry secret Jack Rabbit is that the
game cuz I kind of love that so yeah but
III haven't seen a lot of those comments
and then you just told me five minutes
ago that she was because she was thanked
in the credits oh yeah
well-written female characters equals
social justice warriors writers exactly
mr. blank
they were good characters I like both of
my figured out who the guy was by the
way rich I don't know if you saw his
face in the edit no okay
yeah the guy who voices Henry in part
one yeah
did you ever watch Mad Men no okay he
plays a he has a role on Mad Men okay a
little bit like the guy who voices Mark
Lilly in Ugly Americans to me and he was
checked his IMDB and he did not but he's
he's an actor and he's good at madmen
and he's really good in fire watch
so is that lady then that lady is just
like a video game voice actress you know
she does that vent character of Henry
reminds me of somebody
yeah I don't know if he's just what's
his name I can't think of his name come
back comedic actor guest voices The
Simpsons a lot Finding Nemo he was the
dad I'm not Mel Brooks Albert Brooks
Albert Brooks
Minnie just personality wise he's
reminding me of Albert drips yeah yeah
he is a little Albert Brooks here kind
of like a funny schlubby dude like
sarcastic schlubby every minute yeah
absolutely
shame on me for not remembering Albert
Brooks name yes absolutely shame what's
fine actor comedian album is a fine fine
actor comedian also a bad Korean gamer
sent us a tip really quick guy says
hijack now that you have a 3ds would you
friend me maybe we'll trade pokemons in
case you say yes here's my friend code
yes bad cream gamer bad gamer Korean and
don't forget Celebi and oh I know
everyone's telling me that I need to get
the new Pokemon game and I can get a
special pokemons and I will I will
don't worry but yes bad gamer Korean I
have your friend code now I will friend
you later not on stream we don't want
everyone to have your friend code the
champ is currently bringing up something
hmm I was gonna bring up myself laters I
thought about it after the fact yeah the
Stanley parable the Stanley parable we
played this family parable
it's something I like hmm and it is
arguably every bit the game playlist
walking simulator that after watch is mm
though I'm gonna say the Stanley parable
actually actually does have an
exploration well and the game of the
Stanley parable is try to get him to say
a different thing is try to get the
narrator to say a different thing
they don't try to find the different
story branches exactly I'm actively
engaged in looking for the divergent
story I think in Firewatch it's always
something like now you have to go do
that fire thing that's offered by the
river yeah you're not searching for that
and it's not like anything could happen
with any different thing you do is only
this that there's the next thing you
have to do to progress the story and
it's over there and good do it Stanley
parable you never know what the fuck's
gonna happen ray it's about anything you
do oh yeah I think that might be the
difference well I like the one or not
the other I don't know no I I also
really enjoyed the Stanley parable you
know we when when it was first out I
know people were talking about us
streaming it and there was just there
was no way you could stream it without
spoiling everything about the game and
it's fun Stanley parable was a fun game
I enjoyed the but it's it's more of a
comedy you know I just know that in in
Firewatch when she told me I needed to
walk to the other end of the forest
I mean I think that's crazy talk I think
III any to any time I was just like
sitting around in my tower listening to
her which was like it was fine because
they're good of voice actors and I was
enjoying the story it was like come on
we can have this conversation a while
I'm walking through the beautiful woods
you know let me let me use a map and a
compass and walk through the beautiful
woods
Chett much fearful slash braces rich can
you give a little more nuance to your
views on pacing and why you think that
tight pacing is the only way to story
tell in movies do you not like any slow
paced films because I think in the case
of Firewatch it's it's less like a slow
paced film and more like imagine a scene
in Pulp Fiction where Vincent Vega gets
in his car and then he spends 25 minutes
driving over to Samuel Jackson's place
but he honks his horn and he waits a few
minutes for Samuel Jackson to walk down
the stairs and get in the car and then
they both drive over another 30 minutes
to the place where they have to shoot
the people to get the drunks it's more
like that then slow paced it's just shit
that doesn't need to be there at all and
it's walk to the other end of the map
but you you need that to inform the
character and you know obviously we're
repeating ourselves a lot from the
review but you know if if you have that
in Pulp Fiction
and one here why it doesn't work in Pulp
Fiction is because a movie is a passive
experience you know you are you are just
taking in the movie you're just watching
the movie and a video game is in an
interactive experience and so you by
controlling the character you're
internalizing all the things that you're
experiencing and so you're experiencing
the loneliness and that's why it would
that's why it does work in a video game
and won't work in a movie you have to
stop comparing movies to video games I
don't get that feeling in a video gamer
though unless I feel like I've got more
more say more sway over the world more
immersion for me I can't be told you
have to go to X and dou X in order to
continue the thing it needs to feel
natural I and you know I guess just for
me it felt natural you know
come on manky I got a level up my manky
I got a weak-ass manki rich I'm getting
my ass handed to me my motherfucking
piggies you know like this embarrassing
that's embarrassing for me I find thief
immersive because they don't tell me how
I have to break into the house maybe
I'll crawl in through the window maybe
I'll pick lock on the door maybe I'll
find a an entrance via the sewer that
leads up through a thing in the bottom
of the the castle sure there's an open
endedness to that that makes me feel
like I'm part of a world that's existent
and not doing the next thing I have to
do sure but I you know those are just
different games
Touche captain mu would like to tip us
and say hi rich and Jack longtime lurker
first time seeing the live stream I
always laugh and feel connected to my
hometown of Milwaukee from across the
world PS need anything okay you've got
away from this wonderful city with
beautiful weather PS need any games
slash random shit from Korea rich what
do you need anything any random thing
from Korea if you want to send us
something we'll see what we can do okay
I hear they have many funny shirts in
Korea with English language on it one of
my friends is in Korea right now
teaching English oh yeah no and I know
Chan I shouldn't be messing around I'm
I'm uh I'm unnecessarily battling
because that's my way there we go
finally level up my man key
jiae's about that so now I'm gonna be
playing very boring because this is uh
this is my save my new save of pokemon
yellow so we're just gonna chant mostly
probably about fire watts in that and
the XCOM interview two videos two videos
in one week
and we have the next one shot already
and I'm editing it right now we are by
oh and by the way you know what I
discovered today you know what I found
out what it's not Fleck you know how I
said the voice acting was on Fleck I've
never this is like alien this is an
alien word to my ears by the way well
and you know I've seen it like I I've
read it like on Twitter before you know
I've seen it like in funny post where
it's like ah you know the kids are
saying oh man that thing was on Fleck
right and I thought that was a new thing
before honestly well because it's not
Fleck it's actually fleek never either
way I've been I've been pronouncing it
wrong in my head all this time because
it is FLE ek so it's fleek and that
sounds worse I hate that I hate that
fleek sounds like you have a sinus
infection that I can't that can't go out
today got fleek I got I got the fleek
rich I can't do it but so I you know I
am an old man and I will never be hip
again is the moral of the story
I want you know that I'm gonna sleep
before we move off of fire watch listen
you don't want to talk about it I would
I want to talk about nothing but fire
watch okay but actually before you do
that fisted by dope-smoking as a tip
fist if I'm dope smoke says fuck yeah
man key man he's the fucking bomb
once he gets wrong he's gonna fuck some
shit up PS lol fuck my cock okay no
let's just talk about fire watch I as as
mentioned in the in the review I've
really really enjoyed myself with fire
watch so rich what do you got
there's a a section wait till we talked
about it during the discussion but I got
caught
I you know what I had to do riff ahead
and trim the fat I want to bring it up
now because they didn't get up it's not
it's not a major point there's a section
in the middle of the game middle ish
where you know the day the game goes
through days day 71 and day 78 yeah
there's like there's some quick cuts
where you go through days rapidly like
minute or two at times date day 46 then
you have like a quick conversation with
July until I love the line right and
then it ends then you go to day 2 and
fix an offense then you know it's just
rapidly and the story flowed but you
literally weren't doing anything game
once and it was the most enjoyable
section of the game it was enjoyable
when they cut out walk over here and you
know like I but it was just story and it
just flowed right I enjoyed it 10 game I
enjoyed that part but yeah the the woods
is what made it for me the woods is
important
what you know and as I as I mentioned
like the the the isolation the
desolation that's what's necessary in
the game that's what makes it that's
what makes you feel for the character he
decided to run away you ran away and you
know what he's doing you know what he's
doing rich as a character he's just
trying to find his way just like you're
doing in the game trying to find your
way it's art oh I think I think that's
finding your way I do think we pull that
out of your ass really I'm fine with you
liking the story game but that the game
is big loss that does not gel with me it
makes sense if you think about it I'm
you know I'm I am 100% pulling it out of
my ass yeah but it makes sense if you
think about it but I you know I just
really like did you did you think I know
like I it was a it was a much easier at
it usually for a game we talked for
about an hour and four Firewatch we only
talked for like 28 minutes yeah and so
it was a much easier edit in that regard
but trying to remain neutral in my edit
because of course I just wanted to
remove everything you said because I
disagreed with you but do you feel like
are you comfortable with the edit do you
feel like I kept in enough of your side
I was really worried about that I do
like what I I do kind of miss when I
talked about sands of time just because
I think that's an example of how you can
do story right in a game that still has
gameplay right no and it's not
impossible it's not like you have to
have a walking simulator tell the story
not at all
sands of time does a great fucking job
and yeah that was only cut because you
kind of wrapped it you kind of wrapped
up that whole point without the story
you know we didn't need the story yep
the same this specific sands of time
story and then of course like if you're
talking about sands of time then I have
to go find footage of sands of time and
put it right so I like that you you told
the the pulp fiction anecdote during our
discussion I removed that too so what's
with anything and you know editing
wouldn't fix this if there's anything
I'm worried about with that review
instead am I too much of an asshole to
you I mean I thought it was funny when I
leave for the record that is done for
comedy yes I need to raise up I need to
raise up my weak-ass Pokemon hate chat
well whose bet is it is the male knitter
on or the female knitter and better
which one should I concentrate on
leveling up I always forget which is the
better one I want to say it's the female
trigger warning the van the female is
bit
now well and that's the thing cherry
tonic in fire rocks there's there's
almost no physical interaction literally
the only physical interaction you have
with someone is at the end with that
with the helicopter pilot you know
that's it that's the only person you
actually are in the same room with so
female is better male nito 4-h oh that's
right thank you Bill Tetley male Nidoran
can be my HM slave that's a good idea
in in Pokemon rich yep
you have these things called hidden
machines a gems and you need them to
progress in the game like one is a move
called cut and it cuts down trees that
block your path and you need to use it
every so often in the game oh my god but
it's a very weak move in battle but you
need it outside of battle right and so
the general strategy is to create a HM
slave a Pokemon that you don't fight you
don't really level up you just give them
all of the HMS and concentrate on your
other five and that is the male leader
on something important I need to bring
up something important there is a new
mod and I'm seeing her in the chat now
means I should bring this up ring shard
in the chat is Karen that's my fiance hi
Karen
made her mod so her name would stand out
1 say hello to Karen hi Karen Karen and
by the way now Karen has power Karen has
power over all zoom she could ban
everyone that's given her free rein
she's mildly annoyed man
oh that's alright bodyslams a good one
cracker man maybe Anna yeah you know
what I don't I don't need to I need to
fight with the male just keep him around
for now I don't know if she's saying
hello or if she wants to to hijack a
plane Hey so that's not a good joke no
you you hear that joke a lot growing up
as a jack okay I guess can't say hello
to you at an airport her hair done
it's like Richie Rich Richie Rich yeah
yeah yeah hey dick
hey dick oh I missed a tip I'm so sorry
anonymous anonymous says Jack you should
play Lisa the painful RPG it's sort of
artsy fartsy but good it will probably
make you feel a lot of things while also
being a real game rich wouldn't like it
though JRPG combat oh that's good to
know yes okay I you know what I want to
say someone gifted that to me a while
ago that's familiar and we might have
looked into that for like a first four
hours over something not sure also as a
side note the the absolute best thing
about the DS with the capture card and I
know I talked about this before but I'm
just going through it now actually
playing the game so youyou have to
download the special program that
visualizes the game on your computer
monitor you plug it into a USB port and
it plays both screens on your computer
monitor in real time there's absolutely
no lag from the DS to your computer
monitor and so as I've been doing this
entire stream I've been like just
watching it
the nice big screen which is very very
we could assume that not everybody
watching this Washington's every streams
did you want you want till the story of
your magic Dias oh sure you know I I
really enjoy handheld games and I came
across this article about a company that
makes that like solder zon a video out
to three to the new 3ds and and you know
I was talking with her about it and I
said hey this could be something great
for the show we could stream handheld
games you know not a lot of people
stream handheld games or we could review
it about games hello hello rich hello
yeah can you hear me I hear you we might
have lost rich we did we lost right so
we'll get him back I am back oh hey
there you are you're weird what happened
I did my skype saying internet
connection problems no weird which is
why I don't stream from home
incidentally zone in case I thought it
would be a good idea we used some prereq
funds to buy this special mod and I did
so in October of last year
it has taken five months for them to
make this for me because apparently it
is a a small company Japanese company
and they they hand solder in these
connections which is why it's beautiful
and lagless in Japan yes this is done in
Japan and so you know I I got a new 3ds
they they buy it there they they do all
the soldering and modify the case and
all that fun stuff and then send it to
you and it works perfectly fine and
perfectly normal
when it when you don't have the capture
running so you know you can still use it
just as a handheld but you know I have
noticed I don't know if it's just a 3ds
thing but I don't know if the I don't
know if the battery is that great right
and right now I do have it running on an
AC adapter just because I know I'll be
playing it for a while should should it
matter when you're not streaming one
when you're not using the capture card
the battery negatively I wonder think it
should but it and I don't you know I'm
just not used to it so I don't know if
it feels like it is or not or right Kara
is asking why the hell did Tendo doesn't
sell these because it would be such a
specialty item you know the the only
people that would use them are let's
players and video reviewers you know so
it's such a niche I would be more likely
to get a handheld system if I could play
it on the big screen oh you mean just
like like an HDMI port yeah my
microphone down there we go
you know adds to the bulk you have to
you have to make those choices heads to
the bulkan you know if if most people
are truly playing them on the go they
don't care about an HDMI out got to make
the tough calls rich
I do remember like something I really
want and something that I was expecting
hey my main key group something I was
expecting with the Wii U was a way to
play DS games on your Wii U I still have
one for my gamecube gamecube came out
with a a gameboy advanced adapter so you
could just play your Gameboy advanced
games on your Gamecube
yeah with your GameCube controllers and
it was the greatest it was just the
greatest thing playing your hand playing
you know Pokemon on the big screen
but every they they also really like
money Nintendo and they know that people
will buy their handouts like it's all a
few like you know deluxe edition
handhelds that have have the DHD I out
yeah yeah I wonder how well those would
sell I'm gonna vent well but you know
I'm sure there's a market sure oh here
we go anonymous I missed another tip
sorry anonymous second being here for
Lisa that game is amazing one of my
friends is absolutely obsessed with it
I'd love for you guys to give it a try
okay no prob the master 20,000 says I'm
sitting there talking to me why do you
hate on the JRPG so much considering
your experience with them is is a few
from the 90s well you know I find that
when I hate something I
I keep spending fifty dollars to try
them again and again and again for 20
years just in case maybe someday I'll
start liking it I find that's what I do
well you know I haven't like the last
150 gr birds but you know what I better
try this one every once in a while don't
you think that's important though like
not not obviously not every year but
maybe like once every you know the
importance of keeping an open mind I
would need to see something first I
would make me believe there's a reason
why I would like this now sure okay but
I'm not just gonna randomly invest money
to try that out stories full of
spiky-haired 15 year olds I still don't
care I don't care there you go that's
and that's really true
that's really true like character one
you know I think there are a couple
really fun Final Fantasy games I want to
say what is it it's like Final Fantasy 8
has like a little more cartoony
character models
and I've always enjoyed their character
models way more but that was the only
one that got a little weird with their
character models other than that it's
all the giant haired sad American
looking boy that's Jen also Japanese
except for like x2 was kind of fun I
have I have a little more experience
with JRPGs I played X Final Fantasy X
and X 2 X 2 was around
yeah X 2 was interesting because that
was the one where they just took the
girls in in in in a move that was
completely not sexist at all instead of
changing class members your characters
changed outfits and those outfits gave
them different powers oh my god indeed
that was actually me that wasn't a
donation okay okay oh that's casual
horse right there hey guys recently
finished beating FTL on hard with all
ships nice little congratulations as
someone who hasn't played a lot of video
games I want to thank you for
introducing me to this one you're very
welcome
what a what a great game to get into
casual horse that's the one you get into
I'm frightened of FTL hard mode I can
beat normal but it's never a walk in the
park I'll tell you that mm-hmm
am i doing somebody said it scrolled up
now but but but JRPGs they have such big
thorns
did they really but they have really big
swords that you can't swing it alright
yes they have really big swords that you
can't swing it all plus I really prefer
moderately sized sword not too small no
nose no those pansy repre peers and you
know those giant great swords that's
that's not sword fighting that's that's
just a glorified Club mm-hmm I only like
a nice moderately sized sword no rich
that might be the most ridiculous thing
I've ever in in all seriousness you just
said you like you know what I'm just
gonna I'm gonna put this out there
another my my my opinions can be a
little controversial I like a moderately
sized sword that's just me though that's
just me I know I know I'm crazy you're
funny man rich Evans plenty of funny man
which was the what was the final fantasy
with like the sword gun like amazing
like really fun weapon design its weapon
design that you can't actually use
because you have to go through an Excel
spreadsheet you know so your character
can do it but you know they had that the
giant sword that was also a revolver
like like like where was where did the
bullets come out the it had a barrel in
the barrel go through the blades the
barrel went through the beyblade yeah
like that the the the dull end of the
blade huh Final Fantasy 8 that was I
know I know that game gun grave 2 the
sequel had a character with guns swords
but the gun didn't go through the barrel
the gun was part of a hill like you go
holding like a gun it looked like a
sword coming out the top of the come
weird interesting fun weapon design fun
weapon design well yeah I mean you need
a you need a big cumbersome sword gun so
you can almost never use the sword part
and it makes it really hard to aim for
anyone curious on my mad sick Pokemon
tactics here if you start a fight with a
weaker Pokemon switch it out for your
strong Pokemon then you can level them
both at the same time and super
important but after this I actually am
going to run back to the Polka Center
and heal everyone because that runs a
little low on health and I never mind
taking the time taking the time just to
run back to town you know cuz you could
buy a bunch of potions and stay out in
the field and and keep moving forward
but that cost some money when you could
just go to the Polka Center for free it
takes like two minutes to walk there and
log back when there's like an two
minutes is fine Karen wants a gun that
shoots swords this has to have happened
right a gun that shoots has to have
happened in this crazy world we live in
somebody has written a fictional thing
with a gun that shoots orbs specific it
has to be like a shotgun spread we're
just like a dozen swords fly out at once
maybe it can't just be one sword no no
it can't be one so I'm picturing more
like a sword Gatling gun where you know
like whoa or maybe you have like like
eight barrels and each Barrel has one
sword in them and like you can so you
can shoot up to eight swords I really
want a picture like the the swords on
like an ammo belt it just goes through
I'm the world's greatest samurai I use
my sword gun oh my god is it is it a gun
that has a sword blade on the end that
would be really devastating in close
combat no it's a gun that shoots sword
actually it's almost useless in close
combat because you can just really
easily dodge the sword it takes a while
to shoot it oh alright alright you want
to go to fight now go over there the gun
has the horrible drawback where you
actually end up like arming your enemies
the ground
the swords actually don't come out
really fast so you can just touch the
swords in midair now we're got thank God
they have a sword God everybody pick up
the loose orbs it's gonna take him 20
minutes to reload that thing now we can
all attack him with these swords that he
gave us we could really save on our ammo
expenditure
oh what a cool gun my sword gun fucking
love my gun
okay I need to come up with a game plan
rich I don't have a game plan I don't
have a Pokemon game plan right now which
I know is really important to you but I
need to catch some new Pokemon it's
extremely important extremely important
and pokey to you yeah yeah this makes me
instantly lose my erection and Karen's
in the chat so that's that's how
powerful Pokemon is everybody loves
Pokemon rich everybody that's a fact
fact Pokemon is beloved by everyone I
need some motherfucking
PG I don't care about you piggy I have a
problem rich I just don't care about
piggy I never have no no I hate that
digi it's it's really important later to
have a flying Pokemon it's pretty
important and like fly attacks air
attacks are powerful against a certain
group I've just never cared about them
they want you to get a plant Pokemon for
Misty's gym because because as we've
proven in a previous stream you
absolutely need that plant Pokemon I
know
oh no we seized a water tiger
I have Pikachu Pikachu's an electric
pokémon
I'm fine against Misty's Jim I want to
catch something I want to catch a bug
Pokemon Caterpie fine please God Lord
rich make this a highlight which
specifically would you like to see oh
that's right and I did I promised you a
mule what do we get that again hold on
let me look up my mu cheat sheet my new
glitch cheat sheet oh that's not so you
get to the Cerulean City
we got a while we got a while before we
and we have to worry about you I'm
excited to give you I'm gonna I'm gonna
the the stream will come to a screeching
halt and rich I will require that you
not talk to me while I attempt to glitch
my way into getting a mule what it's
very exciting
yeah already already you're sure it's in
all over the place that's right the
version of Pokemon that we played before
was firered and the start of Pokemon
learns moves that they didn't learn in
the original games to make it easier
this is this is a variation of the
original games after you know the
original games came out blue and red and
then after those games came out came the
the cartoon and then the cartoon got
imported to America and was a surprise
hit among children here in America the
Pokemon was it not a big hit Ben
oh no it was a big hit in Japan but you
know they didn't think that it would
cross over okay and then the cartoon hit
and Pokemon which was already doing
fairly well blue straight the fuck up
and so they made a variation on pokémon
red and blue which is this pokemon
yellow in which you had a Pikachu that
walks around with you in the original
games none of your Pokemon would walk
around with you like outside of their
pokéballs
but then you know the kids they wanted
the Pikachu or is it worse Pikachu and
so now in this game look you get a
Pikachu in you follows you around you
just say your starter is taking you
yeah you can't choose the starter in
this game you just get Pikachu just like
in the cartoon interesting yeah so it's
a little it's a little bit different and
then instead of instead of like choosing
your opposite like the the Pokemon that
would do more damage against you your
rival gets an Eevee and v's can the
Eevee's have a lot of different
evolutions and apparently if you do
really well in the game he has a harder
one it hurts I don't know exactly how
that works but he gets a different
Pokemon - oh I don't care about you
Caterpie want to see if there's a Weedle
if there's a Weedle in here you can get
a Weedle then you can get a Beedrill
anyway I said anyway so you can trade
these things with other people though
right you can trade these things with
other people can you can you do that I'm
wine would you have to meet them in
person
oh man I wonder now someone in the chat
to us that's a good question
she could this whole thing what you
trade with people right now you could do
that let's think man I don't think I
think I need to get a little bit further
in the game before I can know I might be
able do trading I don't know
Jacquie survey check you alright pal I
am alright I just um I'm alright I just
really enjoy Pokemon and I know that
rich hates it and so it makes me love it
more yeah thanks you're talking in
tongues oh when I say like Oh it'll be
true and I get a weed oh then I can get
a beetle oh you can do it online that's
great yeah you have to defeat I want to
say you have to defeat the story of the
game Wow and then after defeating the
story then you can start trading with
other people and apparently you can do
it online that's great
yeah oh if you are friends with people
oh that's awesome
that's great because there are certain
Pokemon that you can only get via trades
so that's cool usually I never worry
about like the posts victory game I just
like defeating the Elite Four or
whatever Emery what my tech mr. Emery my
attack missed hold on
pause for defeating Peggy great every
eight oh one I am loving the pokemons
this is Emery 801 one day I hope riches
cold ice type heart will melt and love
them too but I am NOT hopeful if you are
going to nickname Pokemon can you name
one after me and I do not nickname my
pokemons if you trade them you have to
if I oh yeah if I would if I were to
ever trade them of course I would give
them nicknames and the same thing we're
talking about being and having a nice
cold heart you do you know a nice cold
heart yeah Veon wants to know I lost a
specific comment but I think why do I
hate everything rich white hate
everything did I did I'm not just gosh
Oliver XCOM 2 for like a month we I mean
I not just do that
I I think you are like derelict in your
work duties because of X come to
you not only not only have you played
XCOM 2 for 200 plus hours we then live
chatted about it for an hour and a half
and then we chatted about it for another
hour and a half with the people that
made it yeah yeah we've we've dedicated
a large portion of previously recorded
to X come to in the past month yes I
think I think I finally had my phone at
least for now ok I how many hours are
you know job - 18 something like that -
18 that's insane that that means great
but it's insane I just finished a
Ironman run last night that was pretty
epic fish Ironman commander zero deaths
oh I know you were looking for that
that's great yeah yeah zero fucking
deaths I had on my very last turn I had
to fucking people bleeding out but I
made it through congratulations right
thanks I know you were working hard on
that that is great
no I'm speaking of we haven't spoken
since the the interview went up what did
you think of the edit event I have to
self conscious watching myself I know
you know what I've avoided watching it
you've avoided watching it cuz I know
I'm an ex-con fanboy and I probably come
off like an idiot no no I think it
turned out great I think I turned out I
think it turned out great I think um I
know I've seen a lot of people really
enjoying the fact that something I was
working on was them like switching out
their heads making their heads bigger
for whoever was talking and that was
really fun but no I think you were
obviously excited yeah but it was still
a fun conversation good and I know they
liked it the people the people there
enjoy them enjoyed it enjoyed chatting
with us
oh rich we have an important question
from Lloyd Beats yeah rich why do you
hate everything except for XCOM games
really important fuck off I talk about
things I like and they're just things
you don't like yes yes they did sound
very similar when they were coming up
over Skype it was actually hard
sometimes to like keep track of who was
talking luckily oftentimes they would
refer to the other person switching
heads were nice yes good great I'm glad
you enjoy that that's that's actually
like what took like the longest editing
out us babbling was easy everybody it's
also it's been an hour my my hour timer
just went off so if everyone could do me
a favor and stand up it is time to stand
up I'm gonna stand up
I may or may not be standing up white
white white doesn't think so because
you're very close to your microphones
though it's a headset oh that's right
you might be standing up then shut vote
on whether or not you think I'm standing
up
whether you're right it's been an hour
has Jason the witch I don't I don't
think he has I don't think he has like
but I don't know there's no way of
knowing I actually haven't seen Jane a
little bit because he's been busy with
stuff at like editing things what he's
been busy editing thing where am i oh
I'm still fighting this so right now I'm
rich
there's a couple wonderful EBS fights in
the game you fight these um these meta
pods here right and the low-level meta
pods only have one move which is harden
which raises their defense that but they
have no attacking moves yeah and so it's
it's basically free XP as long as you
can deal with like the length of the
battles why would you even put someone
like that in your game well because you
can in a Nidoran or Metapod as the
second version is that is the er is the
first evolution and so you can get them
if you get the the wheedle then they can
learn an attack move and then you get to
Metapod and then after Metapod they turn
into a Beedrill which is a nice powerful
bug type Pokemon bug types are important
because they they evolve really fast and
so you can have powerful Pokemon early
in the game but later in the game
they've never they're pretty useless
what yeah I know it's I know
it's it's a whole lot of of me playing
this game a whole lot and I do try it
like you know every every time I try I
do try to like give myself out Metapod
evolves into a beautiful oh that's right
Metapod evolves into a butterfly kakano
Kaukauna evolves into a Beedrill but
like that that's not a Pokemon that's
just a butterfly what a Butterfree oh
sorry i Butterfree oh yes horn attack
now we're getting to it
when did pokemons come out almost the
first Pokemon game when was it when was
it in the United States in the United
States yeah the important question um
look it up really quick
Kenny okey I have so many cables on my
desk right now okey oh my god
oh c'mon Ricky
I don't want to know about this one I
want to know about the first Pokemon
game the very first Pokemon game let's
see here in Japan came out in 1996
all right then it doesn't matter where I
came out in the u.s. cuz I was out of
high school
oops you were in college when Pokemon
came out yes okay so yeah probably a
little a little before your time let's
see when did he come out in the United
States
do-do-do-do-do-do
love the music - I love everything about
this game I just say that's someone in
the chat I'm sure is saying it right now
I don't even need to look it up through
the chat the chat will tell us and I
actually I did not play pokemon when it
first came out I did not play pokemon
until after high school I had a job I
had at a video game store and we would
be we would be encouraged we were
encouraged to you know play games so we
could talk about him and we had a
handheld we had a gameboy advance and I
started playing Pokemon while working
and it was amazing
because we weren't very busy so I played
a lot a lot of Pokemon while getting
paid 19 they're saying that came out in
1998 here in a in America in lieu
metahuman Jesus Christ Superstar
yeah Antichrist Superstar goddamn when I
fuck that up
fuck that up very different things very
very different things rich I think their
opposite what the Antichrist Superstar
elements oh okay
not even not even that I was super into
Marilyn Manson's but it just it's a nice
contrast you know I think you can do
both I think people can be both Karen
went to a Marilyn Manson concert like
right before he got big oh yeah saw him
at a smallish venue
he's nice always nice see it you know
like I'm sure like she could have even
like chatted with him afterwards like
her bought some merch from him directly
from him before he had people to do that
for me so rich will listen to Marilyn
Manson but not Rob Zombie I like Rob
Zombie you won't listen to Rob Zombie
come up repeatedly is this a thing I
don't know I've seen people bring up me
and Rob Zombie before and I like Rob
Zombie but somebody's upset at me for
not liking Rob Zombie yes but not liking
Rob Zombie enough a sting yeah rich why
don't you like Rob Zombie enough that's
the question
what was his first big song Rob Zombie
I'm trying to reference big one as far
as I'm me being familiar with him was a
Dracula was the thing before that yeah I
want to say like it was something like
Dandan Dan
yeah I was it was his first big song
thunder kiss I think pregnant what was
the first big one but living dead girl I
remember living dead girl yeah I am
maybe Thunder kiss 65 is what I'm
thinking of dun duh-da nought to 60 yeah
yeah that's all of a song burner now I
want to go listen to Rob Zombie but a
dragon was one of those things
interesting
what're it dragon was on the radio
constantly when I came out oh god yeah
oh heck yeah
so much dragula your gula ain't gonna
fight me no I defy you
I'm gonna go heal my bitches all right
loner are John Rich yep all right
he says rich are you still salty about
being forced to play Firewatch rich are
you salty about being forced to play
Firewatch I don't think I was ever salty
about being forced to play Firewatch
right you know that's that's kind of
what we do is something you know we
might not necessarily play games that we
might not have necessarily played but
you know we play games and then have a
conversation about it it was like four
hours out of my day although there was a
quick one you know obviously he didn't
enjoy it but you know we play we play
stuff sometimes and also what is your
definition of what a game should have
since I believe that is why there is a
heated argument between you and Jack
what a game should have something
something I'm saying that
Firewatch actually has nothing right I'm
I'm pretty open-ended I'm what it could
be like Tetris entirely different from
the thing like got whore they're both
games I don't know what the fuck call
Firewatch right story you know some have
been served better in a different
formats what I think after watch is fire
watch and I've won after watch fire
watch with me yeah fire fire watch with
me fire watch with me right and I mean
like and I that was the crux of both of
our arguments is like you thought there
was no game
I thought the gameplay while simplistic
was there and added to the apart from
the lack of gameplay chat and she's like
yeah I won't story actually have the
great characters there's no story about
two people yeah one guy dealing with his
wife being basic basically did yeah not
really exactly it was it was it was a
really running responsibilities myself
going on there nice character drama nice
book yeah I think you need you needed
that game you needed that walking around
you needed that you know what you needed
the time I'm really curious with Karen
would think of it yeah how would you how
would you soul Firewatch to care of
someone who's not much of a gamer in
general well that's the problem is one
you need to dedicate a couple hours and
you know most non gamers are just
interested in you know like oh can I
play it for 20 minutes and then put it
down but you know the big sale point is
it's a nice story with beautiful visuals
and and really that's the bit that's the
biggest selling point to a non gamers
it's a very nice story with beautiful
visuals you you walk around the woods
and your job is to to keep an eye out
for fires you like like working for the
Park Rangers mm-hmm this person you talk
to on the radio and a girl and the
relationship develops yeah just not a
game it's the the game and like I said
and a lot of people by the way we're
taking or taking your stands of like you
know cuz I my big thing is like you have
to turn off that locator right and and a
lot of people were calling me
hypocritical because I said well I think
you get the real enjoyment out of it if
you turn that locator off and they said
but joke when you did alien isolation
and we said
needed to play it on hard you said that
was both it and I said no a videogame
should be able to be played on normal
and enjoyed it should really be able to
be played on any difficulty level and
enjoyed but the difficulty level is
about the challenge and if and and this
is something we said about alien
isolation if your game can only be
enjoyed on hard then that's the only
thing it should be then that's poor
design and I called out these developers
as well saying this is how the game
should be played and that was poor
design making the defaults having your
your locator on so I don't think that
was hypocritical I think that was me
being very what's the opposite of
hypocritical is there a word that means
the opposite of hypocritical or just
honest virtuous virtuous absolutely
steady steady that was me being that was
me being steady in my in my not
hypocrite Oh consistent loner arch on
you get a point
whatever whatever points were giving out
today is you getting that was me being
consistent in in my in my feelings
we called it bad design in alien
isolation and I'm calling it bad design
in Firewatch and but but it's this
design is an easy fix all you have to do
is turn it off by the default and then
if someone keeps getting lost in the
woods which they won't then turn by
being lost in the woods is not fun and
that would just lengthen the tedium
between storytelling that's what that's
what because it you're never lost in the
woods you know like the like you said
the trails are easy to follow and you
always have your compass out right and
so that's what immerses you into the
world is you know like you look at your
hands you can look at the compass and
you follow the trails that's what gets
you in there or else you just look at
your map and you see the blue people ooh
you know what you know what kills any
immersion what trying to walk 20 feet
away from the trail you can you can go
down a different trail oh you can't just
walk around the woods but you can't walk
around the real woods yes you can what
well I'm saying you can't like climb
rocks yes you can not without rock
climbing equipment what did you see
giant rocks everywhere you there in in
Wyoming yes
have you been to Wyoming the whole state
is in a series of canyons have you been
to Wyoming it's literally a series of
canyons I'd been a before I think it was
I don't care about you in that pod
anyway you can fucking climb rocks
without equipment but it's not
recommended and that you climb rocks
without a cable it's the Blandin in any
case what we're talking about files
Firewatch I hear watch with me not
everywhere it looks like the Chicago
suburbs that's right a horrible quarry
not everything can be the Chicago
suburbs rich outdoors in general has
lots of wide open spaces and not
artificial barriers everywhere and but
three every everything in Firewatch is a
path that you can't deviate from
everything there are several paths yes
just as if just like there would be you
know in a real Nature Park you know what
you know a game did the wilderness
better than fire watch what Dragon's
Dogma Oats but there's nothing stopping
you from going off the roads there's the
mountain here there but there's a lot of
open woods you can just walk through and
that's true and you know what I will
give you the that exploration was much
better yes far better exploration in
Dragon's Dogma a hundred percent agree
with you a hundred percent agree with
you but not every not every actual
outdoors is like that I think I think
Firewatch still does it well
rich please save ballsack like in an eel
brain video just watch the new brain
video my fiance's listen oh no that's
right Karen's here tonight guys we can't
we can't embarrass rich what if
Firewatch had a map similar to ARMA I've
never played armor so I don't know I
don't know what kind of map ARMA has and
I'm very sorry about that I need to find
my way out of these woods rich I'm lost
in the woods it's fine we'll get out of
here we can make it I believe in us we
gotta get to the second area so I can
get my Moo
quick everyone embarrass rich right
do it quickly
team Phoenix great our map is same as
Daisy I've never seen I've never
actually played Daisy either no idea the
thing for me is I really I really
latched on to the idea of a physical map
and a compass you know like every game
has the the you are here locator every
game has that including Firewatch except
for you can turn off and so I latched on
to the idea it starts off absolutely and
that was a horrible design choice a
horrible design choice it's the only
thing that kept her from being West
hideous crazy person where do I
generally get my gaming news from where
do you hear about games I follow people
on Twitter like there are games people
that I follow on Twitter
I like Kotaku read it you know you
follow the right gaming subreddits
and in all honesty you know where I get
my gaming news from where the chat the
do you know the chat is incredibly
helpful by the way you guys remind us of
stuff you bring up stuff you know just a
variety of sources but you know like for
me mostly I'd say it's Twitter you know
like I follow enough gaming people on
Twitter now and then they'll mention
something and that'll lead me down a
news path which is great yeah you know
yeah you check that hey check in a
Kotaku the little every once in a while
or like I and all the copper sites like
I like checking kids and Gizmodo and and
all those you see what's happening in
the world and go back to Reddit see what
they're doing I just I just show up
first stream when the chats like do you
know what they're doing what they do
dude what dude yeah yeah I don't do do
what what do you changes to do ya know
the CH is a chat and by the way now now
that this is what we do the real reason
I get most of my news from Twitter is
from you guys tweeting at me I will get
several Twitter's a day of just like hey
did you hear about this game hey did you
hear about this game and that's an
incredibly helpful I stopped listening
to because I didn't want to be
contaminated and influenced yeah like I
used to listen to a lot of total
biscuits and zero punctuation mm-hm
yeah I liked like I really liked zero
punctuation I have also stopped
listening some
total total total biscuit was great when
you heard about that game you know I
mean you think about it
you just listen to him talk about it
know that what the fuck is series that's
great yeah the only I've only seen the
one video you showed me
and then yeah it was good for reviews
for me because her taste her boobs are
like parallel mm-hmm Janek reads Gawker
while he listens to Taylor Swift on his
beats by dre
hey all of that is true except for the
beats by dre part I don't have these
bedroom well fuck yeah Reid gawking off
well listen in a taste way
ah geez Anke
sometimes I had you know like sometimes
I've heard of a game if you guys tweet
at me or or or message me on Steam or
whatever sometimes all I've heard about
sometimes I don't I appreciate I
appreciate it in it in any sense even if
I've already heard of it I like getting
the info
