Episode 081
(not) Gonna Get a Mew (Pokemon Plaid part 3)
April 29, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHq_dGG4aIAc
___________________________________________

here we go it's happening lose my good
pokemons that was with my Pokemon said I
want on I don't have a lot of good
pokemons right now actually
so many pokemons I had to poop but now
I'm here
well welcome back the Rinat II I hope
your poop was a successful food I hope
that about all poops it's such a shame
when it's not no no I I really hope
Donald Trump has a series of
unsuccessful poops no that might make
him more insane oh that's gonna spiral
him down it's too late for that now to
to shame insanity
why don't I name my Pokemon use your
creative wild side because I like to
know what they're called I like I like
to know the real names I want I don't
want a team of Jeff and Darryl and your
dream puncher you know I'm on I want my
mirror and dream punch dream puncher of
a dream punch your motherfucker
do so
I don't know I never have I've ever you
know like maybe we're like 1/2 my very
first playthrough I started playing with
you know dream puncher and and face
eater and all the weird creative names I
could come up with and then and then
like I would play with a Pokemon like
face eater I really liked like oh yeah
face eater did great and then I'd go to
play again I was like Oh what kind of
Pokemon was face eater again I forget it
was phase either you know so then I just
started playing with the standard names
and then I remembered what they were and
that's a great story
yeah I know and I'm glad I do like
you're right so I'm thinking of
unsuccessful poops and and you not
wishing an unsuccessful poop on anybody
I I don't have an answer to this
question okay don't it's not like I'm
making a point I okay great what do you
wish on your worst enemy what's the
farthest you go as far as wishing bad
things upon your worst enemy death death
yeah because an unsuccessful - you could
well you know like I said in jest with
Trump but like you know like an
unsuccessful poop just makes someone
more irritated and that might make them
more dangerous you kind of love what how
this is all going I'm Pro death in all
sorts of fashions yep yeah oh yeah right
right to choose penalty euthanasia metal
all sort of from above 1979 all sorts of
Pro death
kill them all occasionally innocent
people get accused of crimes that's true
that's true
that's true by the way but this is the
system we have and and you want to help
fix that system I'm we're all with you
but this is the system I've always you
know I've always been keen on where did
I hear this well I've heard the idea of
a professional jury have you ever heard
that idea have we talked about this
before no make some amount of sense you
know it wants to be out of fucking jury
otherwise well and exactly and like what
if you're just like an idiot and like
you get to decide whether someone's
guilty or and I said but it's like what
if we can't it's like a professional
jury that was your job was to be
impartial and just you know follow the
law and you maybe maybe you don't live
in this community that you work in then
you don't need a jury you really just
need a judge you've eliminated the jury
at that point no because a judge you
know like there's you can never be 100%
impartial right and so you need you need
the varying you would have to have a
series of rotating jurors and it
wouldn't be the same people that do work
together all the time of course of
course yeah you just have you to have
you have a series of per foot but that's
just your job you are a professional
juror I would love that idea it's called
a court right
but all sorts of pro-death and you know
like that but that's the other thing
like you know what would I wish on my
worst enemy
like this is this is someone who is
wrong to me you know Donald Trump has
not wronged me I don't agree with his
policy decisions or his theoretical
policy decisions so I do not with I see
a couple people saying this I do not
wish death on Donald Trump I want to I
want to let everyone know that what if
he becomes president I still did you
death on him no I would still not wish
death on him if he could just horrible
stupid thing that would lead to war y3
and death he might do some horrible
stupid things but I still will not wish
death upon him I think it takes a lot
for someone for me to wish death upon
them and and he hasn't met those
standards yet see it's not about your
standards for homicide MA he has not met
my particular standards for homicide
okay okay I'm not saying that he won't
one day he's quite quite possibly could
one day advocating for the start of
those death camps that exist you know
right you'll get there his second time
no no I and I'm like I I don't wish now
its death camp time the Donald Trump
story right like India you know a lot of
people will get hyperbolic with just
like you know artists they don't like or
you know people who make youtube videos
I wish death on none of those people you
know real criminals child rapists I wish
death on them they're no good to anyone
have you heard about speaking of child
rapist I got it is this where we're
going tonight yeah all right great let's
do it Jared Fogle the subway guy oh sure
sure he well he wasn't he just had
pornography right sure I'm saying as far
as the court is concerned didn't you pay
to have sex with under people minors and
like like Thailand or something really
fucked up I have there's more I think
there was more to it than just him
having I have not been paying attention
to the Jared Fogle that's my that's my
honest I haven't been paying much
attention to it it's only in my head now
because I just read an article about
what's going on with him lately mm-hmm
and apparently he's gained 30 pounds in
prison okay because the prisoners oh
darn yeah who thought the famous child
molester was that big treated well in
prison and he's turned to like food to
fill the void and he's gained like 30
pounds in prison yeah it's beautiful
I find it ironic that he's getting his
just desserts that is beautifully ironic
yes about that pun is just no I was
getting I was right in the middle of
finishing a sentence and then I was
gonna comment on your on your on your
masterfully executed pun on Jared foam
Oh getting his just desserts yes but see
like even him like we were were unsure
if there was any you know physical
contact with him so it's like yeah even
him like no he doesn't even meet my
criteria for murder
for murdering someone else
don't you know fun no you should you
know there's there's very little people
you should waste death upon and city
because death is a real thing we're
gonna bring it down now we're gonna get
serious now okay love everyone else love
all love all your neighbors unless they
piss you off violence is always an
option it's not an option for
quadriplegics but otherwise I think it's
still an option for quadriplegics
they're just not very good at it well I
mean they might be better at you know
anything even like it they need help no
but you know violence usually just leads
to more violence which is why you need
to like that's why you need to murder
people within the system that's what
makes the death penalty's so great
you're doing it within the system like a
no oh it's cool everybody's cool with
this
some of this is jokes but no yeah I'm a
weird liberal I'm a liberal who's Pro
the death penalty which makes me a weird
liberal if you're if your attitude
towards politics is this is my side and
I'm going to go along with everything
they say right you're an idiot you're an
idiot who can't think for themselves
that we can agree on rich you know
there's not there's not just one side or
the other there you have to you have to
pick you have to be a oh god my brain
he's gone yeah I agree
you gotta move around varying degrees of
crazy
hey I defeated a bug catcher great
pretty good at beating bug catchers I'm
not cool with this yeah it gets you know
what the conversation gets weird
sometimes that's what happens we get
interesting sometimes if people can't
deal with adult topics with adults maybe
maybe you should go watch somebody play
pokemon our channel our channel has the
the warning on it before before you can
watch our channel if you're not a if you
don't have a twitch account which asks
for your birthday it will say like
warning this is you know there are
language and adult topics being
discussed are you sure you want to watch
this channel there's big warnings all
sorts of warnings
haochi uh yes rich but certain
worldviews lead to certain positions I'd
be hard-pressed to understand how a
humanist would endorse the death penalty
what's a humanist wrench put humanity
first sure here's how first one everyone
is equal no one is more equal than
others here's how I put humanity first
removing certain things from the gene
pool that's how I put humanity first
there are there are some people who are
who are not fit to provide anything to
the society and so they must be removed
from that society and obviously that
that's a terrible line you know because
then then you know you can you can
snowball that into well this person
doesn't mow their lawn every Sunday so
they they're not a good fit for society
but obviously like this is why I'm
saying I have a very specific I have a
high standard for those people that need
to be removed from society but I
actually don't have a very strong
position on the death penalty oh yeah
yeah okay I would want to be dead
certain that the person you're killing
though is definitely guilty you know
that's that's the tough part there can't
be any doubt yeah cuz you'll hear are
like you know twenty years after the
pact new evidence found and somebody's
exonerated right absolutely
it happens it does it does happen it
does happen a lot but that like all that
calls into question is just literally
our entire justice system sure and and
and this is what we got we got evidence
we got juries the the theory in our
justice system is this wonderful thing
which is you know
innocent until proven guilty you don't
you don't even need to you don't need to
prove that someone is innocent they need
to prove it they're guilty right and I
think this is why I was talking about
professional jurors I think many jurors
don't understand that then that someone
doesn't need to prove that they were
innocent and unfortunately yeah it leads
to a lot of wrongful convictions like
there was a couple I have heard that
they've actually had a harder time
getting people convicted of crimes in
recent years because they're used to the
current crime shows and they're they're
looking for this hard hard super hard
evidence with the the the enhance
enhance enhance it enhancing that
doesn't exist right so I've actually
heard that because jurors are dumb
convictions are going down because
they've watched too much TV I would
believe that because Jen I mean if
that's what it's called that would make
a lot of sense yeah well I can go the
other way too like there was you for
watching I'm gonna forget what this show
is called so it's one of those like true
crime shows where it's not a real case
okay and and you know it was his husband
whose wife went missing and he and the
wife were having some problems and there
were some rumors that you know he was
cheating on her and shortly after she
went missing he hooked up with a hot
younger woman right yeah so of course
she did it so of course he did it and
and here's the problem is
nobody has found a body yet yeah so they
couldn't even prove that the wife was
dead right and he still got convicted
interesting and you watch this and I
mean even the way they frame the
interviews with him the man looks guilty
you know he's just got that he's got
that look all over him but they there
was no there's no body there was no
blood there was no nothing based on
nothing but circumstantial evidence they
could they convicted him of murdering
his wife that's insane right why why
would I want a jury of my peers when my
peers are fucking idiots oh Jesus Christ
can I not have average people can I have
educated people please this is what if
you're jurors Bob he dropped out and
fifth grade he will be determining your
fate he dropped out of school at 5th
grade and and and for the past 40 years
has been polishing the soup cans the
important job you know the soup canes
needs to be polished but he will be he
will be looking over all of this hard to
understand evidence he recently lost his
job but he's very bitter very very
bitter also he told me he doesn't like
your haircut
not just that actually that does not get
him excused from the jury yeah it's just
you know something you should know maybe
you should get a haircut he doesn't like
it he told me I don't know why he told
me that it seems like a really
inappropriate thing to say to the judge
because I'm the judge by the way I'll
take a jury of stupid peers who don't
have anything to do with me over
intelligent people who are part of a
system that wants to see me convicted
we need people outside the system to be
the jury and I think that's a fair point
MC Lucas the the problem is the jury of
your peers has a want to not be there
you know they got work to do they got
family at home they they don't want to
sit in a room and determine the real
facts of the case they want to go home
and that's no way to get justice F
Roddick Asst sent us a tip I wanted to
know I have either view been called into
jury duty and if you haven't would you
be prepared when / if that happens yes I
I have been you've been in a jury well I
think I was called to go I didn't
actually get on the jury and I'm kind of
glad okay that was a statutory rape
thing yeah yeah I know I've had to call
in once I have I've gotten the summons
once and I said you need to call in on
this day and then we'll tell you if you
need to come in and I called I called it
on that day and I said you don't gotta
come in and that was it and that was it
only happened once and that was like 20
years ago i sat in the room for like ten
hours terrible it was terrible yeah
right now jury jury duty for those who
don't know I know we have
and international audience jury duty in
America is a joke it is a is a
well-recognized joke amongst everyone
because it wastes your time and these
are the people that we are entrusting
with our lives but the people who sit in
a room for ten hours and then are upset
and they called me into a room their
selection and they ask me if one of the
questions was you trust police I said no
I told pretty much the end of it they
they asked you who trusts the police
something along those lines huh and I I
don't I don't sure
and says it no I think some other people
become police because they're they're
basically bullies and they get to have
badge and they get to they get to feel
like they're the big dog I think I think
suburban police are fucking useless for
the most part I'm sure there are
exceptions I think there are shades of
grey I had
shades of grey rich when uh when I used
to be you know fire sprinkler fitter I
got laid off and financially things
weren't great for me my unemployment was
running out and I had a I had a truck
that wasn't running anymore okay and I
really couldn't afford to get the truck
fixed or get the new plates for it and
just a broken truck sitting there and
you know the cops started writing
tickets for not having current plates
sure sure
and I made arrangements to get rid of
the truck but the people who were gonna
pick the truck up it's gonna be like a
day or two before they could get there
to tow it away so I I went over to the
police station in person like here's a
situation I know I got this truck and
the plates aren't current and you know
you grow a couple tickets on it I could
afford the tickets at that point you
know I was fuckin broke I'm like right
made arrangements to get rid of the
truck could you please just you know
just let it sit there for a couple days
it's not give me another ticket form and
I went home the next morning five
tickets just because you could say I
went in there and asked them not to put
well you can't tell me what to do I'm a
cop
well like five fucking tickets broke
broke man lost his job couldn't afford
to even get his truck fixed five tickets
I don't I don't think I was done being
bullies I think that was then because
that was them being lazy they said oh I
can fill a ticket quota and I know
exactly where to go without wasting my
time I'll just go they're just a
different kind of asshole yeah not
calling them bullies calling lazy
yeah and yeah obviously I don't think
the police are there to look out for you
and to protect the community depends
there are a lot of them that aren't all
right I know that was a that was a
constant debate after after the farm me
and my family went to the suburbs which
was a big adjustment for us as the
suburbs are a weird place but that's
where the good schools were so we went
to the suburbs and there was a big
there's a big to-do in the suburbs about
what was it the the cops the cops had
pulled someone over it was it you know
it was it was a very ridiculously
stereotypically white suburbs incredibly
white and the cops had pulled over a
group of black teenagers you know in a
beat-up car in suburbs and and the town
was talking about the next day you know
half the town was saying racial
profiling
how dare how dare you pull over a car
full of black teenagers and you know the
cops were saying well you know we found
we found some drugs in the car so
obviously it was a good stop to make and
you know you you there was oh there was
a lot of back-and-forth between everyone
as far as racial profiling is concerned
and I think that there were some there's
some decent arguments on both sides you
know one the the one argument that
everyone kept saying is you know this it
was a middle-class neighborhood white
neighborhood and it was a beat-up car
and in a group of black teenagers and so
I was like oh that that something
obviously was wrong because they were in
our neighborhood that was their actual
justification rich yeah and and you just
you just have to think too so like did
you just hear what you said it was
terrifying and like yeah that was the
cops justification was I pulled them
over because something wasn't right I I
have known many police officers and yet
most of them I think most of them are
actually looking to help I do think
there are some dickheads and I do think
there are some that just are dumb I
don't know any better
and just saying obviously obviously
something's wrong why are the black
people in a white neighborhood and then
and you just say do you hear the words
you're you're saying to yourself I think
the kind of people who are usually
attracted to positions of power are the
last people who should have power put
policeman or politician okay you know I
laugh because it's true I laugh because
it's true jack has many police officers
I you know I've known I've known many
police officers I know Pikachu fainted
the fun ones I know I know a couple
people who work with the the DEA the
Drug Enforcement the stories they tell
they're fun guys
fun guys
Valarie that's rich that's a bit of a
paradox yes that's why humanity is awful
that's why we're fucked you know we're
not simple creatures you know you know
that
I have similar Casper Casper says I have
similar ideas about Gynaecologists why
are so many men why are there so many
men who want to touch vaginas I'm sure
most of them just want to help women
that's a good Casper like that one I
like that I'm sure I'm sure mostly
they're in it for the money
I am sure they I'm sure after a while of
a Jen as a vagina and they just like
getting paid a doctor's salary for a
while I'm sure it's just a smelly thing
you have to shove your finger in do Oh
God
well I guess depending on who's yeah but
but oh god it's horrible what is growing
down here all my Jesus Christ I never
want to see another one of these again
it shouldn't look like that I'm not
attracted to men sexually but I don't
want to see another vagina I see him at
work all the time oh Jesus Christ
I'm gonna I'm gonna puke somebody's
whose yeah they're picturing a series of
like 20 year old women with hot bodies
ecologist you know what grandma grandma
needs to see the gynecologist to it's
the young people who think they're
immortal that but avoid that kind of
thing Oh Africa Atticus I'm sorry I'm
sorry I didn't forget to read that last
donation I'm
I'm in Pokemon rich and I are talking
about weird things and drinking and I do
apologize if I miss your tip make sure
to remind me Afric F Road tickets f
Radhika's says if there were more cops
out there like space cop would the world
be a better place
oh well it might be a better place
because there would be a significantly
lower population but I'm significantly
lower active crime-fighting I'm just
looking at the chat with Chad is like oh
my god rich stop fridge I just ate so
how about that Ghostbusters trailer
did you see rich the International cut
of the girls no it's gonna be a bad
movie when we're done with that we're
done with ghostbusters Karen the trailer
yeah she's excited about what yeah she's
excited about it about what a movie why
I don't know rich I don't care she
thinks it looks fun rich
you gotta reevaluate some life choices
here man it's fine it's fine you know
it's a movie yeah yeah it's a movie we
gotta we gotta take into account you
know tastes how you gonna raise your
children man what ghostbusters are you
gonna raise your children these are the
important questions
there will be no children at the
inevitable after the inevitable nuclear
war well mr. Injuns that's true
brick break up with her the chats were
the chats saying deal-breaker here's I
guess here's what I will say not to
defend her because that that training
that looks terrible it does it does
there's no I mean there's no getting
around it
it is still possible that the
Ghostbusters remake is good it is not
probable but it is possible right
anything's possible how good does a
movie have to be though when it's when
it's effectively trying to take the
place of an all-time great film if if
you are making if you are remaking a
great film you need to at least be as
good well to be better if you're
otherwise it's just a waste of time yeah
yeah you need to be better and here's
what I'm saying and it's not the
Ghostbusters is super dated the movie
holds up oh sure well but here's what
I'm saying in the you know in our vast
universe that we live in and our
wonderful vast universe it is possible
that the Ghostbusters remake will be
better than Ghostbusters I'm not sure
what that would take I'm not saying it's
probable I'm not even saying it's likely
I'm not even saying it's it's a little
bit likely it is possible the the
trailer though is what we can talk about
now and the trailer is bad it's just it
the jokes fall flat they spend too much
time discussing the characters trailer
if it's successful just just just wait
for that that Back to the Future reboot
with Native American Indians
sure just wait for that why not why not
check your thing some things are just
impossible no no no anything's possible
this is quantum physics right anything
is possible with enough time not
probable not likely but we need to
reserve we need to reserve judgment for
the actual movie until we see the movie
all we have to go on now is a trailer
and the trailers bad I'm not and I'm not
saying it upsets me that she likes it
she's free to like whatever she want fun
you know maybe made me start thinking
about an exit strategy yes I don't know
you know I can't see it this weekend I'm
gonna spend some time
remaking et with disabled seniors
it's called cocoon is great Steve
Guttenberg old people it's nothing but
great I was having trouble think of
another classic just off the top my head
ping brain shut down and my brain shut
down brain shut down how the story ends
what is another class well you last time
you met you mentioned Casablanca yep yep
I think they could remake Casablanca but
you know me in older movies I don't like
him
what about Citizen Kane oh yeah I don't
like Citizen Kane you know that that's
that's fine but is it remake proof
yes look up I think I think any and and
someone is going to prove me wrong as
soon as I say this but I think any movie
that is literally in a textbook to teach
people how to make movies should be
exempt from any remakes that's that's
gonna be my rule right Citizen Kane is
the textbook the Chinatown is in
textbooks but but then again yeah The
Shining The Shining is in textbooks
did they really well I guess they turn
that into a miniseries they turn that
into a TV miniseries so that doesn't
count
no remake Casablanca Casablanca little
mopey Casablanca Levine you know take
place in somebody's safe space and it
won't be World War two it'll be some
kind of like your Twitter war of all of
all the chat rooms and all the web she
had to log in to mine www.narang.com to
stand up thank you everybody heard that
time to stand up everybody - oh so rich
while I stand up other kin yes
is that one word or two I'm not sure
okay this sounds like something I'm not
gonna like I'm standing up now oh it's
hysterical
oh great do I need another beer for this
I want to talk about it at length
okay hold it yeah you you start
preparing your whatever you're talking
about
sweet Jesus Christ okay I am now ready
to learn what an other kin is is it is
it is it like an orc is it like a token
it could be okay great like a a furry
would be somebody who like really likes
rabbits right jack a furry furry like
the people who dress up in the costumes
yes
now imagine somebody who says they
really are a rabbit but they're trapped
in a human's body they are a rabbit or a
fox or sometimes a dragon or sometimes a
fictional character I am really Oliver
Twist I I am it's insane this it's it's
it's literally insane and this is this
is a mental condition that people have
it's a mental condition that some people
like to believe they have and you know
like I don't want to be like a I don't
want to be like a bedroom prude uh-huh
you know like you you want it you want
you want your special lady to call you
Oliver Twist's you you you believe you
are Oliver Twist spiritually
oh yeah well this is what this is what
I'm getting at is I'm saying like you
know you wanna you want to like with
your group of friends at your house with
your lady Oliver Twist it would probably
be something that's like popular like I
am I don't know the last airbender
Richie Rich is the Last Airbender okay
come with you mmm-hmm this is all I'm
saying it's like you know you want to
call yourself the last airbender with
your group of friends here you want your
lady to to save you
Oh baby you been dare you you go right
ahead like see everybody should feel
free to do that but they they do this
like in public I don't really know how
is this work online you need to you need
to explain a little bit more I don't
quite understand the other can i it's
not like i'm it's not like I have a PhD
you told me you were going to explain
hey that's best I can
something I heard about recently oh my
god my ass is an airbender you bend my
ear oh yeah I don't they want every
person to refer to them as their
bullshit persona oh well yeah that's
yeah I guess that's just not gonna
happen that's fine how about that
Pokemon I love Pokemon doing great yeah
you know defeating bug catcher is not a
big deal not a huge deal just beating
bug catchers I gotta make it through a
cave I forgot about this bullshit cave I
know it's the chat just went to
subscribers only vote that's probably a
good call thank you thank you mods why
can't people handle talking about things
well and you know it's a rough it's it's
rougher for our mods cuz I'm sure many
people are joking but then you know like
well how do you know who's joking and
the chance something we've talked about
incessantly yep I want to talk about
things that I find interesting or weird
I don't like that I like doing that you
know it's this is this is weird it's
it's weird some people I see some people
in the chat saying that they want
everyone to call them that and I guess
like to me it's just not a big deal
because like you know if it was
something like let's say I'm at a
gathering of people right and and one of
those people says hi I'm I'm Geodude and
I say Geodude that's a funny name and
and he goes no no I am a Geodude the
Geodude is a Pokemon by the way rich
okay I I was really confused at first
yeah yeah
Geodude is a Pokemon and and I was like
oh you are a Pokemon and he's like yeah
I identify as as a rock-type pokémon
Geodude and then I would say oh okay and
then I would leave that person and never
I mean unless like I could sense it was
a joke like maybe it was a joke right
and so then you know you just never talk
to that person again and then if every
same person just never talks to that
person again the problem to solve
because then they just don't talk to
anyone don't bother anyone and it's
great so I don't know I guess maybe just
doesn't sing it doesn't strike me as
that big a deal the other can thing if
this is their thing if this is someone I
knew like a friend of mine like you rich
oh yeah that's not gonna happen
no not gonna have you saying like let's
say I'm just trying to I'm just this is
mister seven-year-olds rich what kind of
animal would you want to be fuck off
fuck off that's what animal I wanna be
I'm trying to imagine a world in which
in which a friend of mine says from now
on I would like for you to refer to me
as an orc as an oral ty I feel like I'm
an arou Kai born in a rich Evans body
uh-huh
and if you my friend said that to me I
you know I'd go along with it
I don't think I could you don't think
you'd get too weird I think I'd say you
need professional help you know it would
get to that but you can't you can't
start off with that because then it's
combative and so you know you go along
with it and then you slowly move them
towards the nuthouse nothing that house
you know it's as long as you don't I
don't know I
this is where my liberal mist comes in
my gay as long as you don't hurt anyone
else
fuck do whatever you want you hurting
anyone else now this do it if you want I
don't have to respect it oh no you don't
have to respect it um I'm not gonna call
you Jackrabbit that's not gonna happen
you're not gonna call me Jackrabbit
but I would but I'm your friend and I
want you to call me jack I'd like it no
you know people get nicknames people get
nicknames all the time we're talking us
beyond nickname now if you tell me
you're a woman mm-hmm traffic now that's
a different beast because that actually
is a medical thing hmm but I I think if
you have some kid yet that's going
around saying I I self-identified as a
hamster what that person is doing is
they're making like somebody transgender
look like an idiot and they're not gonna
be taken seriously because some other
idiots running around using that type of
language I guess you know yeah I can see
it's actually harmful to people with
real issues I can do with you
oh yeah I can be with you then no no no
now you know you want to be supportive
you want to be you want to be there to
help people but at the same time you
don't want to encourage people who think
they're a hamster I love that that's my
favorite man you're pretty I mean I'm
not saying you're not a hamster I'm just
saying you're a pretty big hamster you
know I don't think hamsters are normally
that big this is you know that's just
what I'm saying I am NOT I'm not pleased
that I know what an other kin is now
this is not information that I needed in
my life you asked I did you know what
yes I did ask I don't know what I was
expecting I'll be honest with you I
don't know what I was expecting I this
kind of information is not anything I
needed in my brain this helps this does
not help me in my everyday life
this will this takes up valuable space
I'm sure I lost some great fact about
something because I learned that
I there we go if someone thinks they're
a cat they need help
reality exists and you got to accept
that that's the adult answer to give
yeah
yeah I mean like then well but see
that's the thing about like as far as I
say about like like not hurting anyone
you know someone someone comes up to you
and says I'm a kitty cat
here's your deposit receipt yeah because
they work at a bank you go okay great
that was weird my banker thinks that
they're a kitty cat
whatever I still got my deposit receipt
so my life isn't right I guess right and
so you know that's fine every nothing in
my life has changed except for my banker
me out at me then that's unusual but
like let's say you go to the bank and
you want to deposit your check and your
banker who thinks they're a cat is
taking a nap because cats sleep a lot
and then and then you say well I would
like to pause my chicken and then you
know like someone else's well they can't
help you right now they are actually a
cat and cats need to sleep a lot and it
would be it would be rude it would be a
sensitive it's actually like you can't
wake them up because they are a cat and
then then then it's just like well fuck
you I'm at a bank I'm at a meta people
business now you know so it's like there
are varying degrees call yourself
whatever you want to call yourself
that's fine as long as I can still get
stuff done you do what you do you and
that's that's my official view right at
most you can carry six pokeballs that's
great
how about that Pokemon I know I just I
just love it rich I just love that
Pokemon that get flash I don't have it
to go through a cave and I don't have
flash how do you get flash did I miss it
proxy proxy Clem says what an awful
conversation I feel terrible
no you shouldn't you shouldn't feel
terrible apparently this is something
that's happening in the real life but
you know I don't know how much it's
happening everything's the same so how's
this Mew thing going somewhere you're
working on now yeah I'm still working on
that meeting okay so here's the question
yeah here's the Pokemon a related
question will I be able to get him you
tonight I think so I think I'm on track
to get him you tonight it's gonna be a
little later than I was expecting but I
was fine how does this work what are you
doing to get him you so I need to get to
the next city area yeah I need to beat a
bunch of trainers but you know that
should be no big deal come and then I
need to do some very specific things and
I'll pull up the there's there's a
there's a picture here I need to do some
very specific things like including like
saving my game and closing out of it at
a certain time and it's all mapped out
here oh my god it's it's crazy it's
absolutely fucking crazy the things I
have to do to get the Moo to make like
the glitch work perfectly because it's a
glitch coded into the game but here's
the important question range yeah
Magikarp
magic card magic carp like the fish
magic carp okay so right now I could buy
a Pokemon for $500 uh-huh I have enough
money to buy it
uh-huh this is a Pokemon that you can
get later in the game for free
everywhere uh-huh and it's also a
Pokemon that's useless
oh well why is this a question bit well
I'm getting to that
so this Pokemon is useless until like
its it's a fish it's literally a carp
it's called a Magikarp and it's a it's a
fish but if I start training it now its
next form it evolves into a giant
fucking dragon but all the time while
it's a fish it does nothing and so you
just have to throw the fish out take the
fish back and throw in another Pokemon
and it's a big hassle but eventually you
get a giant dragon shad saying catch one
don't do it No
you don't want me that you don't want me
to buy one I could buy this one and
train it while I'm going through the
bridge I it's one of those things about
about the evolution does not work that
way good night that's true it's one of
those things about this game you know
it's it's a late later in the game you
get a fishing pole and you can catch a
million magikarps but then you have to
wait even longer to get your giant
dragon
I'm gonna do it it's it's not gotta buy
them all I know but I could I am I'm
gonna buy it now start training it now I
got a magic card great boom
so I want to give it a nickname fuck now
I'm a Magikarp
it's a fucking useless fish that I'm
gonna train into a Gyarados it's gonna
be awesome it's gonna be awesome
useless fish
yeah I know Gyarados isn't as good as
dratini but you don't get dratini until
way later in the game yeah yeah so I can
so I can have a gyarados now or a
dratini way later in the game where it
doesn't matter anymore
rich is with me on this one he
understands yes old edges have to do
that thing that the carbon dragon turn
dragon into a yes yeah now we're gonna
throw bullshit cave these caves are
bullshit
oh that's right I have a Caterpie oh
shit I forgot about that and I love
butter free butter Frese a great Pokemon
not a great Pokemon is the Pokemon I
enjoy babbling with my cat appeases fuck
rich all these things that are very
important to you uh-huh
right now I have do you enjoy your game
I just I'm here to make comments I'm
veena gallery I have several Pokemon
right now that are basically useless
that I need to that I need to level up
and it's probably not gonna happen very
fast and you're gonna do that music yeah
that's what I'm doing right now I'm
going through a cave as soon as I get
out of the cave I'll be in them get the
Mew area and that's the important part
get them you area that's what we're
going for
what what
how many shuttlecraft does the
enterprise-d carry I looked it up it was
37 1 so last night I had the very last
thought I had before falling asleep was
how many shuttlecraft does the
enterprise-d carry and it's 37 oh the
enterprise-d carries 37 shuttlecraft
rich
I learned something recently the
shuttlecraft you see on the show yeah
that's not the main shuttle bay it's
supposedly just it's just a minor little
shuttle thing I said somebody had like a
3d mock-up of the enterprise-d they were
walking around and the main shuttle bay
which we never seen is comically huge
but we never see it we never see it and
then we see it out of a window once it's
it's it's it's comically huge yeah
why do we never see it just because
that's budgets billion dollars to build
yep yes or you just you just right the
ship so that it has a smaller shuttle
bay in the first place I don't get it
but that's the event the real thing
alright Chad I've decided I'm not going
to raise my Caterpie this is very
important for you to know I know
so Caterpie is a really great Pokemon to
get early in the game because Caterpie
eventually involve evolves into a
butterfly or a Butterfree or however you
want to say it and i Butterfree is a
great Pokemon because it's a bug slash a
psychic-type pokémon and a psychic-type
pokémon games were incredibly
overpowered and so if you get if you get
a Pokemon who knows a psychic attack you
can do a lot of damage to a lot of
enemies and so Caterpie was the go-to
Pokemon because it evolves really
quickly into a Butterfree and Butterfree
can learn psychic which would be great
the only problem is I'm already gonna
get a a okay what's a comb for the Abra
I'm already gonna get an Abra to do the
mute glitch and Moo is going to be my
psychic type and that's the only thing
that matters so I don't need a psychic
type because I'm going to get one when I
give you so why would I care about
raising a bug psychic type which will be
weak by comparison
so give hey how about how about we just
get real everybody saw a video on
YouTube did somebody was building the
enterprise-d and minecraft okay like
they had that they had the skeletal
structure of it and that thing is
impressively big I'm assuming it was in
Minecraft scaled to the Minecraft guy
sure comically giant shit
because you know the carparks enterprise
pretty big it's not small tiny is that
tiny thing hmm
I think the DS like three times size the
classic enterprise Oh at least twice
oh yeah I think like maybe that's
something people don't get just because
they're not I mean are they ever seen
together
classic enterprise indeed no but we know
what their sizes are supposed to be but
I think like seeing them together would
have been really powerful just to show
you how big he is
it wouldn't have I don't know why the
fuck they never did it but they didn't I
know this classic was supposed to be you
know like destroyed or something billion
times over remember the episode where
they had the the the war games the mock
battle I think it was the same episode
with a wonder strategist guy played that
game with data the strategy game but you
member the plot of that episode
there was some old ship and they were
gonna fix it up and they're gonna have
like a mock-up battle with Riker on this
this old jakey Federation ship against
the you know the enterprise-d Oh
originally the ship Riker was fixing up
was gonna be a Constitution class but
they changed their mind for whatever
reason at the last minute they actually
redub some of the dialogue with the
Constitution class yeah so you almost
saw the D on on screen with a Kirk style
Constitution class ship but it never
happened
do you think they were still working on
like getting out of that shadow like we
don't even want it we don't even want to
talk about the original I don't know
rich is getting his constellation class
episode mistaken well maybe I apologize
if I've got the wrong episode rich you
are thinking of the first episode with
the Stargazer Oh Oh rich get your facts
straight I'm horrible oh my god you call
yourself a nerd fake nerd rich that's
what you are get it together
bardin the off switch says rich likes
the D cuz it's big yeah yeah everybody
likes to be oh I get it the penis joke
yeah or maybe it's a boobs joke what
could be a boobs joke no you need two of
them
oh sure like the DS or the double D's
sure okay all right you're him
probably a dick joke I mean he had
double D's and some time travel episode
and she'd see him to enterprises boom
boom there you go
it was rare occurrence in one of your
best of the worst I saw you had a horse
ninja comic was that real or just a prop
cover it's a cover over a real comic was
pretty Williams episode right um
it was in that episode I don't think it
was for that though it was what did he
make the horse ninja comic or I can't
remember when I was the comic-book guy
but do we make the issue that or did I
just we just come up with a horse ninja
coming for that the idea of that
I want to say it's from the amazing
spider-man 2 review but I make so many
videos I don't know I could be wrong was
it was did did was pretty Williams on a
half in the bag well he was up it was
not a best of the worst but that wasn't
what we made I don't think that was what
we made that issue for the prop right I
think the problems made for a half in
the bag yeah yeah I want to say it was
made for the amazing spider-man 2 review
but I could be wrong
alright yeah I think you're right it was
the last comic book idea and Mike wanted
did Mike come up with it was he trying
to steal it for me I don't remember I
don't remember have Alzheimer's you make
so many videos yes I know I know Freddie
Williams had it and best of the worst I
don't think we made the physical proper
that though I think it was lying around
and so we just used it I think but I've
I've been wrong before
no I think you had him make it up for I
think you shot that half in the bag
around the time he was in town for best
the worst
and so you hey you just you know you're
talking about comics and he said I oh I
can make that up
well that's my drawing he drew it he
drew a person in a fan art later on
oh is that in but that on that issue is
heaven that's definitely my my drawing
Oh
way there Tiberius Kirk is is fixing
your mistakes with your Star Trek dock
and that's more important obviously the
battle from season 1 with peak
performance with season 2 but he's right
that Picard ship was supposed to be a
constitution class that he was going to
use to fight the enterprise-d he was
under mind control from the Ferengi they
realized the model in his ready room
could be his ship we're done talking
rich can draw a little bit yeah we can
draw a little bit better than better
than me probably but I think you need to
be a lot better than me before you can
brag about it um I don't know you know
you got enough you got enough where you
could draw something and it looks like
the thing you want it to look like you
could you can say I'm about to draw a
horse ninja and you draw that and it
looks like a horse ninja you know but
then Freddie Williams draws a horse in
jet it makes mine look like shit well of
course yes he is a much better artist
drawler yes but that does not mean you
are a bad driver I would still say you
are a good drummer Oh controller how
about that Pokemon I'm going through a
cave I just fought a super nerd i won
I'm winning battles
get your fucking mule I'm working rich
if you have better things to do you can
go and I will get my mule and silence
and that'll be fine it's beautiful I
want to take a fucking walk it's
beautiful out and for Wisconsin in March
that is a very rare thing exactly it
needs to be enjoyed now yes
you won't get it tonight I'm gonna get
there I should be able to get through
this cave relatively quickly saying it's
gonna take hours you think I don't know
I've never got I've never I don't know
what a Mew is there's only a cat it
looks a lot like a cat I'll be honest
with you it looks a lot like a cat it's
like you can't it's like a psychic can
never take ours and fuck it then now go
bed well I'm gonna run away from this
Geodude okay great
so like a mule's
a meow no a meow is is a straight up cat
but a Meowth is a normal-type and it
shoots money what a normal-type be like
a Mountain Cat yeah it's like a normal
cat that's what I'm saying
it shoots up money yeah that's one of
that's that's that's an attack that
Meowth can learn is it throws money your
money no I in fact it cost you money
didn't the meow takes your money and
throws it at the other Pokemon it's
that's a real thing but money why would
you want that
well it's it's a decent attack and
normal Atty normal type attacks are
strong against certain other types of
pokémon
and and in this game especially as you
go on money becomes useless you have so
much money that you don't know what to
do with it so
it's a fine but but mu is this is a rare
psychic-type pokémon and we're just
worried we're gonna start wrong I'm
gonna start reading now subscriber names
are you getting ready to call it or you
just get no I'm calling yep if they say
I'm hours away I won't finish this
tonight and and so then I'm just going
to go to bed so we have mm-hmm and I and
rich cannot read the names cuz I assumed
you did or did you turn your twat Ron oh
no no I didn't think that's alright so
just gonna be me
dr. soya neighs huggy snuggle moon front
sixteen months in a row
Alvin Fox ginga's Borgnine sixteen
months in a row John B 8 2015 months in
a row Lloyd beets 18 months in a row
Robert what fraud dead throw dead did
but that's just gonna be a weird one for
a Dipity Bunga Doug 18 months in a row
mud Ron bad gamer
Korean we're gonna protect Izzy with
Batman voice we're going down to the you
know I've seen a lot of think pieces
lately on the dynamic between Batman and
Superman rich uh I've been reading about
the Batman Superman relationship and it
gets me even more not excited for Man of
Steel - that's my Batman voice I've read
nothing about their their relationship
movie I assume they're not gonna like
each other at first and then they're
gonna team up and they're gonna work
with each other and learn that it's
valuable to work with each other
that's kind of what I imagine is gonna
happen
yeah right on the nose they're rich
remember that kind of superhero team-up
stir your stick up in the comic books
were the heroes fight for a bit and then
they team up against greater threat
right everybody hates cuz it's overused
yes it's gonna be a movie now we're
spending millions of dollars to do it
now they're doing that thing that like
people got right and nailed like ten
years ago
we're like yeah we're all done with that
Batman voice that was Batman voice
licorice and shreddies 18 months in a
row cuido 15 months in a row
Tom Lewandowski 17 months in a row my
name is Tate oh my god I'm so sorry
about that
those awful noises you just heard things
were coming out of my throat I am got
Skyy dandy 17 months in a row no fear no
Envy 13 months in a row F wrote no we
just did this one yeah Tosh's Rochas f
ro @ osius f ro I like that F Rohit
osius I don't know if that is your
actual name but I'm just gonna call you
afro at osius three new D 1597 pigeons
six one five Fionna
so Oz Mike 14 months in a row and stray
lost idiot thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we really
do it's true we really do yes and for
anyone who's confused I see in the chat
some people might be confused we have a
little tool here given to us by leftover
beefcake which compiles everyone who
subscribed to us during the stream so we
don't have to break into conversations
every time someone subscribes and we are
thanking them for making the stream
possible it's due 91 says I missed you
oh my god I did I missed some people oh
I forgot to scroll up rich I did it I
forgot SAS nice cross stew 91 also huggy
snuggle huggy snuggle one of my favorite
names also moon front for 16 months in a
row also Alvin Fox so sorry for
forgetting you I mean I am I failed kind
of maybe a little I failed as a streamer
what's
