Episode 520
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 5)
April 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvxeoQyLJPw
___________________________________________

Oh oh my god I shouldn't have taken that
LDS no no well the LSD I hope you're all
okay with this hopefully you're not too
drunk oh wow this is great you should do
that more often sure everyone's throwing
up yeah hold on I forgot the laptop oh
my god
whoa hello world hello uh hey hey
everybody welcome welcome to the stream
yes that was very trippy we we have a
special that's fine we can do this we
can do this I remember we do have it we
have a special new device with us today
hopefully I have all the right here it
is okay who's that that is Snyder Snyder
and why D er s an IDE are we so we do we
have it took people like wait what wait
Balu okay it took people for seconds
tasks about the fine
spider-man what do you want out of me he
looks fine look here's here's the
important part
yeah obviously both you and I are our
crazy little girls when it comes to
spider-man we both enjoy spider-man a
lot I've grown up I have none I had not
I love spider-man I I've become more
cautious about spider-man because of the
too bad spider-man movies but here's the
important thing for spider-man in the
trailer did you hear him did you hear
his hey everybody
he sounds like a little kid yeah that
was great that's the most appropriate
he's sounded yet yes through all of the
spider-man iterations
even Tobey Maguire tell me Maguire was
like a cartoon character version of
spider-man or was the he was the Leave
It to Beaver spider-man but he was also
a fully grown adult like he was
obviously an adult you know yeah yeah
and so this spider-man spider-man's a
three-dimensional character lighthearted
highs and depressive lows and he's got
heavy burdens and thoughts and concerns
and and Tobey Maguire played him like it
was a 1950s sitcom Oh golly gee I I
think that was more that was more sam
raimi direction i wasn't fun but either
way either way you slice it but
whoever's fault it is I don't care and
then and then Andrew Garfield was just a
blank slate when he didn't just sound
like an asshole
yes spider-man has to quit but I think
it's bad if he sounds like an asshole
when he's doing it the the quips like I
vote whenever I've read his lines
reading the comic books his quips almost
seemed like to come from a place of fear
you know like he quips because that's
the only way he can deal with this giant
situation he's nerdy kid with a sense of
humor I think I think it's more like the
like you know remember were going on the
internet for the first time and you're a
completely anonymous and you can say
whatever give a shit I think it's more
like that he puts the mask on and that
that shyness goes away that's what I
think it is I think is naturally snarky
but the problem is Andrew Garr Andrew
Garfield made him sound like a jerk
that's true that's really true and like
I guess I've always read it as him like
he quips because he can't truly think
about the situation because it's like
it's so big and so he's so afraid of it
that he just starts like making jokes
because that's his defense mechanism and
what you have a college-aged spider-man
who's been fighting comically
overpowered super criminals for ten
years sure that doesn't work because
he's a seasoned veteran you know what
I'll agree with then then he's just
quipping because he likes it yes so you
know what I think we can both be right
here
okay great you know someone I did a
little tweet about the spider-man and
and there was a lot of back-and-forth
with people on Twitter someone pointed
out that his little spider-man eyes you
can hear a little mechanical noise when
they close it's like first of all I
don't care how they do it I want the
moving eyes I want to see expression in
spider-man's face you know I I will take
the moving eyes not that I hate the
moving eyes in the first place but I
would take that over all his mass gets
ripped off in the last act exactly give
me give me the expression eyes we need
expressions in the masks we need them
agreed and and this is what's going to
give it to us also though the best
looking spider-man eyes today they're
they're not the the outrageously
stupidly big Todd McFarlane eyes these
are this is the first time I've seen the
cinematic spider-man which is classic
ramita eyes yeah like it looks good you
have a smaller round nice thick black
area there great by the way guys Shawn
Shawn gave us a tip of saying we don't
need to read it out loud but I hear you
Shawn thank you no it's like that the
costume looks fun it also like the way
that Iron Man introduced him as underoos
it's like that gives me hope because
like before it can't be spider-man
cannot be even a mildly large part of
this movie this is Captain America's
movie he's going to play a very small
role in this movie but Iron Man calling
him underoos means that there's going to
be a little more back and forth before
that scene mm-hmm and it's just like any
bit of Marvel Cinematic Universe Spider
Man I can get I will fucking tank I'm so
excited I'm wondering what he's gonna
start off wearing good cuz that's that's
that's the final can we agree that's the
final costume oh do you think he has it
no I think that's what he starts out
buying I think spider-man in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe isn't established I'm
gonna I'm gonna call out the movie oh
I'm gonna call that calling out like
like an accusation more like I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen
oh okay okay
oh he's gonna start off and like like a
homemade ish looking thing that's like a
sweatshirt and a ski mask or something
something awful no yes no yes it won't
be long it will take up too much the
movies but he's not gonna start off in
that suit that's gonna be the suit he he
puts on after a lying himself an Iron
Man he's gonna be like left alone with
all of Tony Stark's gizmos and nerdy
science Peter is gonna cobble that out
of Tony Stark's equipment cuz it's too
nerdy to be a stark design yeah and
that's why Iron Man still call him under
who's not gonna call something he
designed he's not gonna ridicule it so
there's gonna be the costume Peter
builds but it's gonna build it using
Iron Man shit which is why it's got the
mechanical components you know what he's
gonna be left alone he's gonna be owner
D and excited and it's gonna be a
characterization MoMA because you get
nerdy Peter Parker and then you also get
the better-looking costume that's still
his own makings the only the only issue
with that that I see in the universe
right the one that would be cool I'd
really like that
it's gonna happen the only issue with
that is they are planning the the spider
marvel spiderman which may or may not
probably going to be another origin
story no I don't think so
you know I think they're sick of that I
think it's gonna be after okay rich is
so fucking right I like it by the way I
like that mm-hm
rich is kind to be arrested for spoilers
oh yeah no problem
twitch about Christopher get back to me
whenever he get back to me I'll show
rich those those designs later
Christopher twitch bought 292 sent us
some redesigns for our logo oh okay he
made a very salient point that it looked
like our logo was kind of slapped
together last minute which it absolutely
was well we you know I'm not a logo
designer I just designed something that
looked good and then never ever thought
about it again so he had some logo ideas
and I like a lot of them anyway
we're not playing pokemons where's me
you I I caught me you
I caught me without the stream I knew we
were going back to police quest I caught
me mostly because I want to play more
Pokemon so I caught me you you jerk and
it's great you jerk
and I've also finalized my team so I
know what team I'm running with and it's
an early team and we're gonna run with
them all game and it's gonna be fucking
awesome
we got mu we got Pikachu we got
Bulbasaur we got Charmander we got Gary
you know right now it's a Magikarp but
it will be a Gyarados and Jigglypuff
it's gonna be fucking baller
I've heard people criticize like you
know what is what is the purpose of
having the mechanical squinting eyes
what does it do and the answer is it
lets the mask emote know oh but also
like it not only lets the mask emo which
is the most important thing yeah
could you imagine swinging through
buildings of New York City at high
speeds right what is that gonna do to
your eyes fucking let the wind right
into your eyes you do that and less wind
gets me yeah because they might get
through the glass but who knows if it's
glass you think that's open space do you
think that's open space who knows what
it is I don't know what it is that is
the dumbest rationalization worst
rationalism or it's like sunglasses that
ants that ask more questions that it
answers
they might they might you know what
he'll be swinging and he'll get like the
Sun glaring in his eyes and then the
purpose is to cut down on the glare also
who cares which sunglasses work just is
fine but really the writers need a mask
that can't vote yeah that's the real
thing that's the real thing yep all
right we done we done talking about that
shit
never we will never be done talking
about it because it's great spider-man
is super strong wind blowing on his
eyeballs doesn't hurt I think I think
anything fucking with your eyes saw he's
gonna hurt you know what it might not
hurt but it's gonna be annoying you know
yeah yeah still blinking man alright we
are we are we are we policing the quest
now let us
this is the real thing well this is why
we'll leave it at Ulta optimizer says
much like Deadpool I think being able to
tell what emotion the character is
preparing when they're when they're in
their mask is the most important thing
and that that is the honest truth now
rich yep
let us quest some oh wait we have to
look back earlier in this cuz we're
already dead oh wait can you go up can
you get out go up nope I can't oh I
think you can also need to like lower
the volume on the dosbox their last time
people simply couldn't hear the game is
it too loud is the game too loud chat
tell us cuz I gonna just that shit but
you need to let me know if it's too loud
last time one of the mods who said next
time he nice we can hear some game audio
oh so I left it loud deliberately okay
steam oh supremo I acknowledged you I
don't know what you want from that it's
fine fine on my end a bit too loud
audio's good fine good touch loud so
take it it's at a hundred percent now
take it to ninety percent or 80 percent
great 78 percent great answer
that's perfect great let's do it 10
percents like nothing okay I know this
because I play XCOM did you uh it was it
was tweeted at me it was tweeted at us
today I had previously recorded yeah
Twitter rich which I do oh yeah you
gotta do all this shit you do this while
I tell you this someone tweeted a
previously recorded today ban Yahtzee
has started his new let's play series he
does looks around out and he's doing
XCOM enemy mm-hmm he's drowning out XCOM
anyway then I know you don't generally
listen to his reviews anymore but I
thought you might like know like it's
gonna spoil my opinions next right
exactly oh I'm proud about my love for
the ex comes right tired and sad if you
have any questions for Mike and Ji
recommend asking them those questions
they you know and you know what legend
long hoard I am disappointed I didn't
get my theme song in the ex come to
interview either but I was I was vetoed
twice I was even vetoed by someone who
has no control over our show Jay vetoed
me about which about my theme song for
the interview oh well I served I doesn't
say the important one was rich vetoed me
and and the compromise was still getting
to keep that title which I really liked
talking about games with people who play
games there were people who make games
Oh sorta
oh that's right no you know what let me
find that someone a lot of people were
also tweeting at us sword guns a lot of
people are tweeting as sword guns at us
apparently there is a sword gun in the
Punisher series is that everything I had
to do master camera oh did you take a
sample of the blood yeah yeah because
that was the thing yeah vial of blood
plaster cast I think we're good okay
great
if you think it we're good than I think
yeah I don't know shit that's my problem
in life I don't know shit
Astri mo supremo if that's what you
would like I will say your name again
thank you for watching it sweet and you
know if this is if this is what I can do
to make your evening better I think
that's great
- I don't I don't know if I have a
favorite Pokemon my favorite design of
the Pokemon is the Gulpin because he's
like a little bag of sludge with a tiny
leaf on his head and he's adorable he's
called a dolphin and there's a
poison-type pokémon which is my favorite
type even though they they're they're
garbage
but he's he looks like a little sack of
bile with a tiny little leaf on his head
and I think he's adorable
do I think do I think that the that dawn
of Justice will ruin the chances of a DC
universe if it does poor if it does as
poorly as man as steal did it might good
man if still do poorly domestic damn
yeah but not globally not global they
only care about global they cover up the
big picture yeah yeah okay we looked at
stuff last time I think I've heard I've
heard there's going to be a another one
of the the terminators because Genesis
did good overseas nothing - there's
nothing we can do about that you're
right
I'm gonna look it up right now when I
woke up my ass deal
production production budget only of 225
million domestic total is under 300
million so that's poorly but with
foreign pinkie oh Jesus with foreign 668
million so yeah did good damn foreigners
even even so like that's that's a lot of
money back they made their money back oh
yeah what do we have to do now you have
to check your regulator or something do
you have the
there's a well I don't think the manual
said anything about diving which is what
they said you needed to like check your
regulator or something I might need to
type exact words so I might need to know
these things it's got to be in a minute
there's something about scuba diver
there I'm looking up now I am looking it
up now rich radio procedures shooting
range procedures to police computer
procedures felony arrests procedures the
use of firearms in the course of duty
homicide investigation procedures
radio codes vehicle codes penal codes
did you try it just inspecting thing
there is en lookout field corner traps
there is nothing in here about proper
scuba diving procedures
Thanks Oh
2 5 6 there which one did you take
before okay
Oh real van says there's a good tired
and sad citiz there's a good Forbes
article on whether or not Batman V
Superman will make money I disagree with
it but it's interesting I will give that
a look later ooh that's a lot of air
yeah yeah that's a lot of air one small
balls has just wanted to say thanks for
streaming this is the only thing that
can bring me out of my Ghostbusters
trailer depression I'm glad we could
help
okay so you definitely want to in the
must have taken one before it's like it
took three days or three before okay
no Len I know Jay Jay had said on
Twitter that he wanted he wished that
they would have left the spider-man
reveal out of the trailer yeah that's
what I say yeah so many fans were hyped
it's gonna build high massively like oh
well and more importantly that was my
like you know what I did I turned that
trailer on and I scanned ahead until
myself spider-man that's the only thing
I did I just was spider-man I didn't see
anything that happened in the rest of
the trailer really
Hawkeye shoots ant-man on a bow and an
arrow it's pretty awesome
okay shoots ant-man and and that was my
my judgment call was that we went the
trailer came out two weeks before Batman
vs Superman prime advertising time for
Batman vs Superman and Marvel just said
guess what everybody's gonna talk about
spider-man for the next week fuck you
and your advertising that was a
strategic move just like daredevil being
released on the same I think daredevil
season 2 is coming out the weekend of
the release of Batman vs Superman okay
you can do both of those things easily
so I don't think that's really gonna go
Jex ii just picked a little pick a
little pigs little pigs little pigs but
a spider-man reveal yeah that would be a
good way to dissolve hype yep yeah
everyone's talking about spider-man now
who gives a shit Bob Superman what what
what kind of what kind of thing you can
put in your Batman verse - OH - flash is
gonna be in there it's great I didn't
care beforehand exactly
exactly we're talking spider-man
daredevil season 2 is next Friday yep so
daredevil season 2 comes out opening
weekend
that's all that's so effective there
advertising's bed
oh thanks tired and sad for linking to
that article I do want to read that I
like reading rich why does it need
spider-man why does what need spider-man
the trailer or the movie the movie needs
it because everyone will go see it
because spider-man's in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe that's why the movie
needs it in general in general I am NOT
looking forward to Civil War oh yeah
because it's gonna turn the Marvel
Cinematic Universe in just a depressing
place to be for about a year or two but
you need that you're gonna have a dead
Captain America and everyone who's gonna
hate each other and be miserable yeah
this well these movies to be upbeat is
that too much to ask is it too much - no
sorry Horatio I do I keep forgetting
about you so I'm gonna I will show rich
or so again John do I do I do I need
human misery and my my superhero
escapism you do human misery as Peter
Parker being on bad times it's not
everybody shooting at each other
you need human misery you know you know
what you need a little bit of that
misery so then they can they can
overcome Horatio trust this lovely
picture of us wielding a sword gun
some kind of whoosh I believe with the
horse I don't know why the horse is
there why are we wearing plastic bags I
think it's supposed to be like I think
it's like snow stuff
snow stuff okay it's snow stuff okay but
music but music do do I think there yeah
I think they're gonna kill off Captain
America they went through something big
and loud I think he'll be back after the
Infinity Gauntlet magically resurrects
people but I think they'll kill him off
oh my god you think they're gonna do it
in Civil War they did it in the coming
it lasted a week they'll do us a movie
it'll last about a year hmm it's on our
Twitter go to our Twitter and find it I
think I couldn't do it I'm not logged
into Twitter on this computer so I
couldn't find it I'm sorry so I have to
show it on my phone okay oh wait save if
you can before yeah yeah I think I think
I just did okay wouldn't they rather
kill Ironman off who just sang the
contract recently I think Ironman signed
a multimedia contract so it's not gonna
be Ironman for money reasons if they
didn't resign it but they weren't going
to that would make perfect sense if
otherwise though it's really dumb
because he's by far the most interesting
most popular character from from
anything other than a we don't want to
pay robert downey jr any more
perspective it's it's it's an idiotic
notion killing off Ironman no idiotic
it's gonna be Captain America and he'll
come back you know well it'll be it'll
be the Coulson maneuver which is you
know Captain America's death is the
thing that will inspire them to rethink
this yeah yeah
his death will will hold meaning in the
universe and I don't know if I can oh
great great
oh you're in the water or deposit yeah I
positive because we're talking
Thanks all right look around oh my god
are you okay
oh there's a current that's terrible
look around okay
along with the junk I see an old car in
the bottom there are huge builders on
the first side look at car with a car
look at guy I can't see it clearly from
where I am there's a matter of fact I
have to be pretty close to see most
objects underwater
okay swim to car look man I don't see
anything particularly interesting
because I am a heterosexual until I see
a Wang we have to avoid that no
spider-man doesn't come become Captain
America Falcon becomes Captain America
in the Commons search kai I see mud rest
in a couple of crawfish good crawfish
some tasty treat a little too fast for
me that's fine open trunk is there a
trunk on this car I can open I want you
to open the trunk
what are you not sure about check out
the boulders car first
you think car first they put a guy here
why would they put a car here if they
weren't gonna do it in with the car it
doesn't make any sense
red herring rich red herring I don't
remember if Bucky becomes captain you
know I'm in and out of Captain America
he was Captain America in the comic
books for a little bit I believe okay
currently its Falcon it's not Steve
Rogers no currently in Falcon it doesn't
fucking it's gonna be Steve Rogers
sooner or later yeah he'll come back it
doesn't fucking matter
it's like everything Marvel always used
to be about you know change an illusion
of change you know it's gone for my eyes
everything's gonna be exactly how it was
exactly how I remember them it's like
when they when they undid the spider
marriage right yeah they they gave
Spidey a new love interest okay after
that I forgot what her name was
something cars like cars I I don't
really know because I wasn't reading at
the time but it's like after after they
do the deal with the devil to undo the
marriage to put Peter Parker back as a
college student living with his elderly
aunt yeah how can you get invested in
any kind of relationship with Peter
Parker might develop because there's
literally no where it can go before
editorial influence nukes the whole
thing there's there's no point in
getting invested am I wrong you are not
wrong really good that's actually that's
what got me reading that's what got me
really interested in some of the
spin-off comics because this some of the
spin-off Kotik comics have endings you
know you read like Peter Parker
spider-man or or you know like the
little one offs where it's like this is
just one story and then you get to stop
reading and you don't need to worry
about creating a character that can
survive 40 years yeah yeah so the weird
the weird thing about the whole thing
too was spider-man and marriage and all
that was they wanted you know young
young spider-man like we remember right
what the fuck was the purpose of
ultimate spider-man then right you have
the red hot popular ultimate spider-man
about a young Peter Parker yep the high
school age buta Parker there that's a
universe to itself you can keep old
Peter Parker and married to Mary Jane I
have that I have all that we get the new
universe it's just baffling to me we
don't make these kinds of decisions rich
look at boulders
okay wait are you behind that guy I see
nothing unusual in fact these rocks are
down right go look at those balls I'm
getting I'm getting to a decade they see
nothing it's everything's fine
everything's fine those boulders
everything's fine okay look at tire
can't see it clearly from where I am
yeah yeah if we get the point get the
point
narrator there's a bug truck tire
nestled deep in the bud next to a
55-gallon oil drum that's probably got a
body in it it looks like the oils coming
out seat Search Search time first things
first
okay
look at drum
look at oil let me do something yeah
fuck off look at seaweed what's he
looking at
easily gonna have that same spot for
like the 45 minutes it's gonna take
forever to search this motherfucking
River that's why I have to zip around
and actually do the work
alright fine fine I don't need anything
okay I don't need you game oh my god
that's a like a boat but look around
there longer the river bottom vegetation
I see many large boulders no tires have
buried in the mud the wreck of a small
rowboat lies against the rocks what are
we looking for in the river again mmm
evidence from the body of the guy
evident well and the blood dragging on
the river swimming this body Oh was
there oh okay great
the blood and drag marks oh right I look
for seaweed in the river what the fuck
would you call this crap growing down
there what would you call it
river weed I probably technically not
sea weed but I agree you call it seaweed
stuff
you're getting pretty tired of looking
at rocks fine look at boat it's a wreck
no way to bail out of this baby
that's a whoa oh shut the fuck out
oh no I think I'm caught in the current
I realized too late that the current
through the rocks on this side of the
river is much too strong you die
did it die yeah I don't know
restore game oh wait I save later than
this I know I did not that I'm much
further behind than where I was anyway
right I guess I didn't thought I did
well it's fine it's really fine it is
you know tired and said Titans head says
is it wrong to hope that Batman vs
Superman bomb so they will have to
rethink what they're doing and not keep
Zack Snyder on board and this is
something that we've said a bunch if it
bomb if it bombs don't expect to see
much for a while right but also you know
you should never oh wait is that a pair
of glasses we're right below you I don't
think so it's a bit of algae kevin
underwater goggles lost by a swimmer in
the murky best that's really interesting
I don't need anything besides it's too
slimy and oh look at fish so if it's a
bad movie you should hope I look at a
small school of scaly skin sucker fish
otherwise known as cop they are
incompatible with the gullet due to the
numerous amount of bone hose carp if
it's a bad movie you should hope that it
does poorly too to inspire them not to
make bad movies anymore you we we never
hoped for a bad movie though I mean
except for with best of the worst
obviously but like I guess what I'm
saying is like if I watch Batman vs
Superman I am going in hoping that it's
a good movie I personally would hope
it's a good movie yeah but if it's bad
we can get some entertainment the worst
the worst is mediocre yes which is
honestly largely when I thought of the
new Star Wars personally so he's in my
heading Mike Jay really liked it but
like I was fine okay but yeah good movie
you can talk about how good a movie is
Mad Max fury road yeah you talk about
how terrible a movie is do you're blue
in the face yeah so yeah I don't mind
Rolfe movie that's that's that's big a
big release is terrible I don't mind
that
personally though
like the amazing spider-man 2 person I
guess what I'm saying is personally
though you want every movie you see to
be a good movie imagine imagine there's
a world in which you know we don't do
this you would want every movie you see
to be a good movie I can't imagine
someone hoping no because even before we
did best of the worst I had a lot of fun
making fun of bad movies yeah but that's
like a hindsight thing you don't go in
being like oh I hope this movie's gonna
suck if you've got some movie that's
thirty years old and a shitty VHS tape I
don't mind it being bad well this is
what I'm saying you don't go into I
don't go to the theater right hoping to
see a bad movie well that's not true I
had a great time watching The Postman in
the theater Kevin Kevin Costner's the
postman yeah where'd a virtually empty
theater it was great Texas Chainsaw
Massacre the next generation that was
great that was fucking great all right
never mind them that's rich
yeah that's rich I hope every movie I
see is a good is there anything to the
left don't swim up his ass
I agree tagging said if it's a bad movie
I hope it is not a financially
successful gazing into it is space I see
various items of jugs scattered along
the river bottom I see a huge builder I
see huge builders upriver and a
perpendicular wall on the far side
search wall my nod look at whoa I'm
spinning my way and fuck you
oh that's right thank you thank you also
remember that there was a thing with a
missing police badge in the river get a
walk get that wall look around
we can't flow around rich gazing into
the end yeah
check like behind that Rockets over
there behind those boulders like like
what's that right underneath you white
thing fighting a current here I'm just
gonna look at the rocks everywhere
oh wow they're they're really doing a
fantastic immersive job of recreating
the tedium of searching a river bottom
this is exactly also I think you can go
behind that rock over there up up around
that upper right rock
everyone it tricked everyone in the
planet to see it but not in America
didn't do that well in America made its
money back in America rich Man of Steel
Man of Steel relative to its production
budget did poorly made money but I ran
out of hair
it's fine it's fine
okay this game looks like shit this is
the new indie indie immerse this is like
a 30 year old game its water watch we're
about to we're about to get a phone call
you swim around and talk to somebody at
a radio you look at rocks for five hours
you just look at rocks that's all you do
you literally do nothing else okay head
up and behind that rock what
oh look at so yeah go to go to some of
the places over here and look at ground
like some of the spaces that we see
white things mutter what said mutter
trash okay
trash now so come back down here and go
over these white things in there look at
ground I think that's the key
yeah I'm not close to that little rock
little little rock I see the little rock
next to the big rock there's a white
patch yeah right there all right that
way nobody else doesn't like that
Frazier well that's not what you did
before right let go over the glasses cuz
we know we can interact with those and
say look at ground over there glasses
because we know we know the glasses are
something right
oh that's that big gray thing okay this
might be this might be just me reaching
to see that rock right in the center no
that's that's not it that's the big
great thing do you see this rock right
in the center here edge there's a tiny
gold thing next to it why would they put
that in there because cuz it's that big
silver chunk of metal that's too big
there's a tiny little gold thing next to
this one look at ground over there boom
boom that's call nice call okay I look
to the badge and think to myself this is
like finding a needle in a haystack okay
so now check bottom left over here do
you see like that there's black things
and that little patch of grass
oh my god
but volumes of water have rendered it
worthless oh I've missed a couple tips
sorry a stream oh so primo says here's
the tip for saying my name twice even
thanks a lot made my day
also please unban me did what were you
doing demos primo supremo that would
make us ban you it's most likely just a
day ban but I don't know what I can do
about that
I trust our mods Arnold Rimmer says
Batman after buying a vase sees a
mugging beats up beats up the bad guy
bath dish Paul after bad guy asked
what's with - Paul thought it was Kapow
Batman replies
I've got China in my hand sorry Batman
after buying a vase sees a mugging beats
up the bad guy bath dish - Pau after bad
guy asked what's - pow thought it was
Kapow
Batman replies because I've got China
and I don't get that joke at all I
believe that's supposed to be a joke how
to tell us massage that was the tip that
Arnold Rimmer would like me to say did
you get the badge yeah church keys what
what did that say nothing gonna press it
out old beer can nothing but it rusted
out a bit can I could tell it's an oldie
but the fact that someone had to use a
church key on it no pop tops in those
days oh okay okay so that was nothing
over there I just a wallet right but it
said you couldn't get it I'm just doing
okay so now head over to that screen and
we need to look for these unusual I was
using I was using searched ground I said
look at ground over here so I'm gonna
come back over here to look at ground
yeah okay
after picking it up by a look at the
object which is sharpen to a point all
of a sudden in your head a light comes
on I remember what the prisoner said how
the suspect held a makeshift knife on
the jailer during the escape boom I
slipped a knife into my belt and keep it
as evidence so I kind of it's it's like
calming but also a little stressful very
underwater ef3 being thorough now that I
know the proper oh we only have so much
time before your air runs out freezing
no we're doing fine we're doing fine
don't make air tanks like they used to
this music reminds me of those new agent
meditation tapes mutt by my aunt used to
buy yeah that's exactly what this seems
like oh really
looks like an old wine bottle it's kind
of similar right well there's another
one of those so wait no no no no no Rach
no yeah see them there's a red thing
there there's another silver thing so
there's a couple things next time I'm
gonna save when you're down here oh you
did great you got the badge I gotta go
back get the knife you know where the
knife is yeah swim faster faster goddamn
you now oxygenate your womb what
happened daddy daddy left me you left me
chatty you son of a bitch got that knife
got that knife got that knife nice shave
it again nice
Chetty X okay there we go yeah oh wait
that red thing down that was a little a
little can there's my felt yeah oh okay
that piece of metal you know what no you
too close to you too close oh oh wait
there's another thing like in the crack
on the bottoms half of that rock that
you swim behind fairly hidden okay
search works now we're talking
eagle eye
boom I've moved the rocks exposing a
human hand
eagle-eye Packard is on the case not
startled I don't jerk backwards because
I'm a man
fear is for for jerkwads and bums it's
just a human hand I killed dozens of
people every day black people because
I'm a cop
oh my god not having to regain my
composure because I was not startled I
take a closer look it appears to be a
body it appears a body is wedged into
the rocks look apart it would be better
to remove the get get bodies the most
disturbing thing I've ever had to type
into an adventure game get deceased body
my dining partner notices then found
something swims over saying take one
side of my partner what something pull
the body from the river dosey doe and
round she goes
see I like a dreamer same same old
rocket says search anal cavity that's
something you would have to do as a
police officer that could be something
more disturbing
oh wait Oh what is this voice this is
River guy I don't know if I answered
voice I gave voice to the river guy
thing oh yeah he's Donald Trump right
look at him no I was the gun guy that
was the demo guy
who was the river guy it's not a pretty
sight a Sonny has a perfect job
hello Sonny damn straight
yeah ahem stretchy no just like doctor
man poor guys just a few years older
than my kidney and how old are you
87 I do yoga I listen to these tapes
meditation I was playing him when we
were down there didn't you hear a man
nothing
not related to this place but because of
our our last stream yeah please question
Oh Adam watching what Columbo as you
should
Columbo is a great show Columbo is a
great character but I watch that show
and half the time after Columbo is very
clever about it that's where he comes to
a solution yeah I think to myself
that'll never hold up in court
no that'll that'll never work is
gathering the appropriate evidence so
we'll hold shit it's a bunch of shit
that usually gets a confession that adds
up to the lawyer getting the criminal
off I think you're you're an insane
person there's there's a lot of good oh
yeah I guess I'm leaving now only the
killer would know look at that camera
all right I'm just gonna pick that one I
didn't know what I was doing there's a
camera happen to be that one you got I
got nothing there's no card concrete
evidence that connects me to that many
of the cases they're incident sure it's
a coincidence there is a bunch of it I
mean is that really of the jury do you
really want to convict me to a life
sentence or or death so will be son
that's just because I have to grab that
camera right just one more thing just
one more thing here's what we found here
what I noticed is the exact time that
you made the call there was a bell in
the back when I kept hearing that bell
and it was ringing and ringing and
driving the crazy that Bell only rings
at 15 after the hour and you said you
made the call half hour after the hour
so something wasn't fit quite right some
sort of thing fell over hit Bell is one
of those things you think he'll ever hit
the bell but normally yeah I normally
only goes off of that one time but in
this case Jack Columbo is still only
inspector because there
four sentences what Oh like that's why
he's still a detective it's because
they're never convicted single criminal
any charge I can see that yeah I have
you the victim's body and see what
appears to be a boat I hear her I'm
gonna get cologne real quick we know who
the killer is because the way the
Colombo structured like I I was think it
was weird to me about Columbo it's not
like a mystery right the show flat-out
tells you who committed the murder and
actually most of the running time of a
Columbo episode follows the murderer
yeah okay if you didn't have that if it
were just Columbo investigating would
you feel confident in his deductions if
you didn't actually see who the killer
was or would you be like yeah anything
else during the investigation he is so
thorough III guess you know I'd have to
go back and watch of these specific
episodes you were talking about he's
usually so thorough and nitpicky and he
builds a little case that's what I love
about Columbo is he's not like he's
entertaining he's a great character
great care I don't nobody really gets
you solid conclusive evidence what I'm
saying that's all I'm saying
I view the victim's body and see what
appears to be a bullet hole in the head
and superficial cuts and scratches on
the throat look at bullet hole because
I'm a sick individual like staring at
things like that
look at bullet he's all the hair and
skin around the bullet hole have found
at pairs indicating that the gun was
very close to the victim's head oh Jesus
Christ and awful wait don't you have
something in your kit oh I know the kids
have it back in them always be savored
well if you're saying I'm a same gamer
and that's true and usually at the end
of every episode I don't know if it's
every episode he finds a way to get the
killer to confess yeah so he gets a
confession he and a bunch of ever those
killers are idiots
yes idiots or not as smart as Columbo
there was one episode had a woman who
faked like a kidnapping
to kill her husband
and he caught her by like getting her to
use what should have been the ransom
money if she could have said I had money
in a savings account that was separate
from that or I never actually gave the
money to the killers or not proof this
is a proof
that's how proof works it was enough to
trip her up that's all he's got to do is
trip her up let the lawyers worry about
convicting I just put the criminals away
see if you're the criminal oh where did
where did this money come from
only the killer would have looked at
that lamp know what's the point I just
let it was my lamp I looked at it it's
weird that the person was also killed
with a lamp and it was this lamp but no
at that time I was just looking at this
the original title unrelated for Colombo
before they changed it to Colombo was
conviction by coincidence and yes I know
we're two old men talking about an old
television show you know what it's on
Netflix
do yourself a favor if you have Netflix
watch some fucking or used to be in it
did you watch it end up again yeah watch
yourself some fucking Columbo it's great
just for Peter Sellers if nothing else
not Peter Sellers Peter Falk Peter
Sellers Columbo would be a very
different better call saul versus
Columbo no I'm just that's the thing
that exists anyways a sleazy lawyer
right that's the gist
well better call Saul is like pre sleazy
lawyer so he really sleazy ladies trying
to find his right righteous path but he
uses some sleazy tricks for good reason
is that the sister showed Columbo where
he gets everyone of Colombo's killers
off yes on technicalities and that would
be great yeah you'd have to show there's
one the detective show then the others a
sleazy lawyer show and then like yeah it
doesn't have to be Columbo and saw you
can create two different characters so
father this could be a totally be a
thing that exists one at seven o'clock
one at eight o'clock yeah we watched the
killer get caught and then we watch the
killer try you know we watch the lawyer
try to get the killer off yeah rich can
be an amazing show people NBC I have an
idea that will save your network call me
back what do you mean who is this
calling back this is a voicemail box
he'll buy anything
I'm the fourth banana from red letter
media it could be I'm partnered with the
third banana yeah you might know me but
I run a mediocre video game I got an
idea for you
oh I'm sorry who is this
Jack Packard yes it could be animated oh
I will buy that whole afraid if I change
you get my kid then so tell me about
this band Danish yes something's gonna
happen
yeah I'll take fourth banana I'll be
fourth banana sorry what's gonna happen
yeah see you Sonny though
that's all right I'm Jack back at that
guy who plays the robot that rapes
people have I got an idea for you Fox no
they've never remade Columbo they've
brought him back for a couple like
one-offs here there after the show like
a show on the seventy and there's
another one like later around the 80s
fairly fairly consistently Columbo for
like 30 years
oh yeah oh no I'm saying they never
rebooted it like there was never like
young Columbo no but it was bad this is
cool right it never first show he was
like oh it was like an episode here and
then like a couple months later another
episode they're never like brought it
back I think it somebody did it in the
first place it was part of I think I
think it was originally cuz I read about
this cuz I'm just cuz Columbo came out I
investigated in Columbo yeah there's
part of a series of rotating detective
shows they can keep the production
quality up by basically like having four
different shows that would air in the
same timeslot once a week so first week
of the month clumb Bo second week of the
month McMillan & wife third leave them
of the next effective that's great
Mark Ruffalo bought the rights to
Columbo I'd love Mark Ruffalo's Columbo
he'd be great you'd be great as going
though all right what do we what do we
need to do with this body help me out
here help oh oh oh wait no I know it's
in here I hold on anonymous wants to ask
us a question but now as we'll get to
that what's the worst attempt at a
remake reboot that you have ever seen
which while I look up the amazing
spider-man yeah
the amazing spider-man was terrible
Robocop I didn't see a Robocop it'sit's
something bland and uninteresting built
off of something that's just classic
that's what that's how I feel about the
amazing spider-man and that's just such
as gut reaction I'm sure I might be able
to think of a reboot that's worse i
hears that here was the the real the the
reason i say amazing spider-man is
because they
they did me they did a worse they did a
worse crime than just being a bad movie
where they got me a little hot
we've talked about this before and I
think you've given me that look before
right
probably where I thought that the movie
was going to be about young Peter Parker
solving the mystery of his parents
disappearance I thought that was going
to be the crux of the movie and so I
said some ice and then you know like he
was dealing with some like emotional
stuff with Uncle Ben right I was like oh
this is about like him dealing with like
you know a father figure that left while
searching for his father and mother and
like I thought it was going to be like a
little detective II Spider Man and I
said to myself that'd be a really
fucking cool movie like Spider Man using
his powers to like sneak around and like
catch people singing and stuff right
that'd be me and that's how they set it
up like it was gonna be a detective
story and then they forgot about it five
minutes later spider-man could be the
greatest cat burglar in the world
there's a series on that yeah there's a
short run on that where he meets someone
else who got spider powers who became
the world's greatest cat burglar sense
just perfect climbing the walls avoiding
security cameras it's perfect it's
perfect its powers designed for being a
thief yes
but okay back to the parents the parents
here's a question for you okay has in
any any media comic movie radio serial
what ever has has delving into Peter
Parker's parents ever worked out ever
like for good stories yes is there ever
been a time where it wasn't an epic
disaster
yeah it's kind of sick yeah which is why
I was not hopeful for the amazing
spider-man 2 1 or whichever one teased
the parents that was the one oh the kind
of I don't ride because I think I just
thought that that that can't end well it
never does it never it might not have
ended well but it could have been a
really fun mystery and then and then it
ends and it's like yeah and then I'll be
like ultimate spider-man was like what
we created the the Venom symbiote what
okay are we playing the game technically
but we're in a very chatty mood tonight
and it's fine I think that's
entertaining it itself we are we're well
and we're a spider-man so we're all
spider-man okay by the way yeah homicide
investigation procedures oh good good so
we are looking for here so the detective
must have reason to believe a crime has
been committed
obviously assess the situation use
extreme caution check vital signs I'm
gonna do it
close kid he's got a bullet hole in his
head check vital signs yes the man is
dead there can be no doubt I don't even
know why I did that
we enjoy melody and I'm very I'm very
by-the-book we have done our due
diligence here okay okay
if doubtful treat treat the victim as
alive perform okay but tell men
everything will be okay so we gather
evidence search the surrounding area
recognize who are you talking to
Michelle damage secured names of all
persons at the scene moat scene of the
crime officers witnesses suspects esque
man's name ask name okay done done take
photo did we take photos of the crime
scene take photos of body
great okay we can't dust for prints on
him because he's been in the water but
it says to do that
okay next we have to notify the corner
okay the corner takes possession of all
property and affects belonging to the
deceased victim unless specified as
evidence do we have to identify the body
I don't it doesn't say anything about
that
such buddy
okay okay is there a tattoo I spell it
wrong anyway bookmakers notified corner
because we're next
yep game was saved boom because it's a
Sierra game yep
