Episode 083
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 6)
May 1, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi8CElaRZk4
___________________________________________

okay are we playing the game technically
but we're in a very chatty mood tonight
and it's fine I think that's
entertaining it itself we are we're well
and we're a spider-man so we're all
spider okay by the way yeah homicide
investigation procedures oh good good
what we are looking for here so the
detective must have reason to believe a
crime has been committed
obviously assess the situation use
extreme caution check vital signs I'm
gonna do it clothes kit he's got a
bullet hole in his head
check vital signs yes the man is dead
there can be no doubt I don't even know
why I did that
we miss our melody and I'm very bad
buried by the book we have done our due
diligence here okay okay
if doubtful treat treat the victim as
alive perform okay but tell men
everything will be okay so we gather
evidence search the surrounding area
recognize who are you talking to
Michelle damage secured names of all
persons at the scene of the crime
officers witnesses suspects esque man's
name ask name okay done done take photo
did we take photos of the crime scene
take photos of body great okay
we can't dust for prints on him because
he's been in the water
but it says to do that
okay next we have to notify the corner
okay the corner takes possession of all
property and affects belonging to the
deceased victim unless specified as
evident do we have to identify the body
I don't it doesn't say anything about
that search buddy
okay okay is there a tattoo
I suppose wrong anyway with the figures
nor fight corner
I guess that's weird no next yep uh game
was saved boom because it's a Sierra
game yep so you both are just gonna
leave that body lying there just just I
gotta go use my radio so just gonna
leave that body lying right there duck -
man duck - man not - Keith right I'm
with you Sonny Columbo
that's Columbo oh yeah that's right - I
doubt I'll tell you I'm with you Sonny I
can do this I'm with you and unless hey
let's go out for a pastrami sandwich
afterwards I know this little place it's
it's it's not the nicest diner but it's
it's pretty good chili Joey yeah
listen Columbo always order for chili
baby boom riches Sonny Bonds is so
enjoyable if he was the spokesperson
can't read debating debating what do you
think it's obviously a slam against them
so I'll read up great we just say bonds
is so enjoyable if he was the
spokesperson of the Ferguson Police
Department
I'd be like hmm okay yeah I see all
right
I was a little doubtful but yeah we're
making fun of the Ferguson Police yeah
it's so good that I would endorse
exactly all right if he ended it with
and I went to the Trump rally last week
then I'd be skeptical which Evans says
rich have you seen the witch no mob
purge okay great no I haven't seen the
witch either and I haven't seen Jay talk
about it so who knows if Jason rich okay
dispatch five five three Mary two
requests in the corner at at ten twenty
will be dispatched to your tent honey
wine over a pole yeah okay do we wait
the cordon oh wait there's more
procedure there's more procedure
the coroner takes position of all
property requests a copy of all
available reports from the coroner's
office to be sent to police department
okay so I think you wait we wait for the
coroner
identify yourself as conduct interviews
follow-up possible leads submit all
evidence to police
apartments booking officer for
processing all reports originating from
outside agencies pertinent to an ongoing
investigation will be routed to the
investigating officer assigned to the
case so we might need to wait for the
corner where's the body again that's the
next 100 gay Sean Connery is back yes
yes I went to the man hole recently
which was nice from Mangalore buy
yourself something nice Thank You Mugler
we will we will how many you spoke
Corner yarn cor om er er did he look at
the trashcan did you look at the
trashcan I think I want to say you did a
couple murders
that's good optimizer that you never
bothered with the amazing spider-man
moves you really shouldn't their work
they're absolutely worthless and if you
are if you enjoy spider-man they're even
more worthless they'll just get you
riled up
watch ultimate spider-man the cartoon I
really like Alton spider moving the
garbage around fairly looking in the
garbage wasn't enough I had to search
the garbage
I find discarded clothing looking closer
I see what appears to be spots of blood
on the clothes
living the garbage around I find
discarded clothing no looking closer I
see what appears to be spots of blood on
the clothes so they're my wife's clothes
she had a period what are you thinking
kind of monster are you to think a bad
would beat his wife she cooks
she cooks and pleasures me when
necessary
boom I think to myself man these look
like jail clothes wait a minute here's a
cloth name tag so none to the shirt it
couldn't possibly be Jesse Baines that
would just be too shocking considering
the person wearing the jail clothes that
we've been chasing his name Jesse Baines
but that couldn't possibly be true look
at name Jay Baines my entire world has
been blown classic detective Cooper Bond
speaking of things being blown did I
mention that my wife used to be a whore
what's your name again
Sonny Bugs Bunny bus I called you Cooper
it's fine yeah
but a lot of people enjoyed the amazing
spider-man why are they wrong and you're
right so you're allowed to like what
you'd like I don't give a shit yeah if
you like it all right weird you're weird
you're weird for liking that epileptic
movie it's that Philip that's a good
that's a that's a nice adjective for
thank you
hey it's all over the place yeah it's
spread like the an idea will come up to
the in their head will it be like okay
now it's it's a it's a romance movie
we're gonna we're gonna concentrate on
Peter and going to nope yeah nope we
only give our opinions we're not telling
you what you should like if you like if
you're interested in our opinions you
watch what we have to say but but you
don't have to share them that's true I
mean you you know you can be an idiot
and like the movie but it's none of my
business none of my business
okay do you want to try to I drop the
blood-stained just stick him in a bag
stick him in a bag just stick them in a
bag
Michael Kody CA hey jacket rich thanks
for the great streams and character
voices you're welcome I do like these
games these police quest games yeah
they're fun they're fun fun get a little
tedious at points obviously you know you
have to take age of game as a factor
also as your mouse we've been on screen
all the time yeah it's I don't even know
of ages of factors you like this style
of game or you don't look how how
patient are you I mean this is a stream
you want things to keep moving well I
think you ran your own plan is you don't
care as much about the pacing well I
think I think age is important because
there are there are some gameplay fo
paws that as game developers grow they
kind of learn from food so like for
example when I was doing this face quest
thing and like you have to look under
the sea it wind remember we had to look
under the seat and there was no reason
for me to look under the seat yeah and
that stuff there were it's like in
modern day playtesting they would have
figured that out that no one was looking
under the seat
where can I find something similar to
Oregon Trail or this one I'm not a
massive gamer but a really enjoyed organ
trail something similar yeah well you
could play Oregon Trail modem jump or
this is there a modern equivalent of
this no no look it look up these these
all the guys that's fun
technically technically the modern
version of these games like a telltale
QuickTime event linear story games sure
it's not really the same thing in any
way shape or form pretty cute
I haven't played the new salmon Macs
games I don't know if they play like
traditional point and clicks which still
isn't like this where you type what you
do right which for the record I prefer
this because my brain is more active in
what I'm doing and why I'm doing it mmm
so said this a thousand times but I
figure there's always somebody new in
the chat history that point and clicks
you just get to a point sometimes you're
just clicking things and hoping hoping
that it does the thing and you're not
really thinking about what you're doing
or why you're doing it yeah or take two
items in your inventory and just rub
everything together hoping that maybe it
magically does something sometimes this
I think forces you to think outside of
the box agree well you got a spatula
well what are you going to do with it
other than just quick honor the things
with the spatula because the spatula
click everything with the spatula equip
the spoon click everything with the
spoon yeah click the paper towel click
everything with a paper towel this is a
cooking point-and-click adventure also
by the way
I don't think we have to wait for the
coroner I hope not
did you put the clothes in the bag no
what'd you do with the clothes what did
you do with the evidence that was closed
this doesn't this cares it doesn't care
dude put them in a bag
tell agon rich do you consider the
spider-man Raimi films as good movies
overall and what do you think of
spider-man 3 I personally think it gets
way too much hate well you know what
we're having a Spider Man kind of stream
and I'm ok with that
did you see spider-man in the trailer it
looks awesome I was i watch that trailer
a couple times that day really enjoy it
I that that specific four seconds of the
trailer multiple times the Civil War one
do something yeah I didn't watch the
whole trailer like not three I didn't
watch it once all the way through yeah
yeah ramie spider fine yeah I don't love
them I don't like the way they betray
spider-man that much but there they
exist in their own reality their own
their own tone unique to those movies
yes something a little bit more surreal
yeah Raimi yeah I think you can look
back at spider-man 3 isn't out the worst
movie to ever happen no it's even not
the worst superhero movie ever happened
The Sandman is not such a bad guy after
all that killed your uncle kind of dumb
also shoving him into killing your uncle
you know like there was another person
in the car yeah Adam the whole Hobgoblin
Green Goblin Harry Osborn thing was dumb
there's some good news spider-man 2 I
think is a really good movie it's fern I
think it's a good movie it's fine ok
I think the spider-man 1 if it's been a
long time since I've watched it I think
if I went and rewatch it it would a lot
of it would be so dated like effects
wise it would be quaint
and I don't think I would enjoy it as
much as my original viewing but
spider-man - I remember I remember
looking back on fondly I think we're
done okay
I think when I'm not a hundred percent
sure I'm frightened right I'm scared I'm
scared
you know just saving I mean we called
for the corner right and now I think
we're supposed to go to the coroner's
office notify the corner the corner
takes possession of all property and
effects belonging to the deceased victim
unless specified as evidence request a
copy of all available reports from
coroner's office don't need a driver
drive to station we're gonna we're gonna
loose give the evidence back okay I got
mucho paperwork to finish I don't like
saying mucho as Columbo I don't think
that's something you would have changed
I love it - it fits at dispatch 53 Mary
- a 10-8 from cotton Grove popular
centered from Carter calls dispatch be
advised we are in Road - to the office -
you have just come to the office we've
been here all day
in pursuit migration from a unit in
pursuit rich attention all units be
advised 50 through 10 is in pursuit of
fugitive suspect bays whoa the current
1020 is northbound on second street in
the vicinity of the airport
53:10 is requesting assistance and
advises he's losing suspect in heavy
traffic any unit responding acknowledge
I had this patch of history made to
advise we are responding to
53:10 1020 code two
a lot of numbers there now I say all the
years coffee coffee berry 53 Mary -
totally copy okay who is this confirmed
lost 1020 you've lost them you son of a
bitch
you damn asshole quick last seen in the
city of Airport acidity of airport okay
drive to airport yeah ah yeah how could
yes yes stupid motherfucker how could
you lose it 10-7 at the at 1:10 7:00 at
the office well should we go to the
airport or should we go drop off her
paperwork probably drop off paperwork
then head to the airport this is
technically your line
am I glad to get out of it it smells
like a camel arena all right oh what a
camel arena great traitor - - Zeek says
please use this to buy these three
currently on sale right now and he has
linked us to some games to buy with that
money I will traitor more games I don't
know they're just links what games would
you like us to buy Dawn of War a
warhammer game whoa
wow that's cheap and oh that's that real
time strategy war hammer you take the
interesting turn face war hammer and you
make it shitty art - yes out of it all
the war okay so he's given us money to
buy
we think we do know I hate RTS is right
this is what he wants this thing this is
the thing this is what he wants rich we
will buy them but there is absolutely no
guarantee we will play them it's just
the dawn of War Collection he wants to
display all of Dawn's of wars kind of in
like Space Hulk all the dogs Wars yeah
look at the crappy RTS games that aren't
fun well that's just peachy
ain't your money it's not a straight-up
art yes
okay what are we doing I was does this
guy have a voice guy who's behind the
caterer well we won dude I don't
remember any voices he's behind a cage
rich she's an animal
suddenly you scare the music Ben perfect
perfect okay what do you have you know I
do it even though he needs a little bit
everything but my mother was Spanish but
my father was Italian Russian Russian
Russian guy
the Russian guy yeah what do you have
you give everything to me I take
evidence hey Sid Meier's covert action
purchase it Jack you want the conviction
there maybe try giving me some vodka and
I help out a gruff mick military sent us
a tip and Big John the makeshift
knife oh that's right requests
fingerprints pointing out it was found
underwater boom I could have used the
fingerprints on the knife myself maybe
is that a thing I missed use powder on
no like there was underwater I tried the
fingerprints on the body but not the
knife yeah I hand the Blessed guests
footprints to Jon and request they be
checked for size and any unusual marks I
submit the bullets for the glovebox to
the jailers car I request fingerprints
and identification analysis I give him
the mcdb
give the empty holster to Big John who
examines it briefly and then says one
hostert taken from stolen car I turn in
the jail clothes and requests analysis
on the blood spots and turn in the badge
I found it at the bottom of Clearwater
River oh I had John the blood sample
that I got from cotton cold
I asked Big John for identification
analysis in my mind we've been busy
haven't we
hey you know he's busy is good your
Watteau we need to work great
my mother's photos got a lot of Russian
in him yeah what I know that he's all
Russian Russian Sara I will add you guys
keep telling me that a covert action in
school I will add that to the list of
games to play to Union do you have the
book all the chef's fine it's all fine
action added done
gruff Mik military rich yep says evening
gents ran into something today ran into
someone today who loved the witness game
I wanted to send her a link to Rich's
alternate ending decided against it let
her continue with her bubble of
mediocrity you don't think she can take
it you know what oh you don't your work
for today bombs oh you're up dirty is no
no you're off duty then alright I guess
we don't need to go to the airport and
look for the bad guy shouldn't we
shouldn't we do that oh well you know
your locker was overrun by the thing
oh god I'm mr. typo tonight open like it
like big clumsy meathooks slap slap slap
oh shit those 436 oh it was on the back
of your card 12:30 I'm gonna get this
I'm gonna get this I got it we love it
36 412 Oh where's the 12th floor I
remember what I just wrote great great
great rich yeah
postman or Waterworld in terms of one no
that's it that's all that's the whole
question comedy value um postman postman
is actually big you know halfway
entertaining movie what a world what a
world you know what water world's got uh
if you take it with a heavy dose of
schlock lot of roads pretty fun I don't
think I think coming off of Dances with
Wolves and no one was expecting the
schlock though my kids still in the car
nothing matters I don't think it matters
no I would say it's fine to leave your
kid in the car it's fine I'm gonna say
it's fine Jim I think that was the the
bigger the bigger problem with
Waterworld is there they're coming off
of Kevin Costner as serious movie actor
man and then you go you go from that to
Waterworld it's a bit jarring but I like
Waterworld it's it's a good amount of
fun shocked postman is ridiculous isn't
it rich it's the same it's an insane
movie it is it is a the ultimate
masturbatory movie over Kevin Cox for
blown ridiculous
give up give the worst b-movie a 300
million dollar budget and then make just
just the worst kind of like Italian
filmmaker script then let the star
direct it you left the biggest ego in
the world directed masturbate all over
the script and himself and the other
actors and then have him kill a bunch of
children like like repeatedly throughout
the film it's not like one incident
where kids get killed you could kill
deer oh then a lot get killed but he
does the same mistakes all over again
gets more people killed but you know it
fixes it get a current or no get get a
20 year old music star to make a cameo
in it I don't even think Tom Petty was
popular at the time again oh okay I'm
ready wave phrase that made it sound
like he was 20 years old when he did it
well I meant like his fame was 20 you
could have 50 year old music celebrity
to have a cameo in a playing himself ah
in the post-apocalyptic world boom and
then he pushes the bad guy at the end
it's all your name it's the dumbest
thing in the world asking like it acting
like it's an oscar movie yeah yeah it's
straight it's a ridiculous and strange
movie I kind of love it only because of
how ridiculous is framed it is I mean I
don't actually love it i ironically love
it a lot I love how much I hate it
dances with schlock dances with schmuck
yes how you described the postman yeah I
go home and spend a boring and restless
evening restless evening as I
contemplate the events of the day
eventually I had drift off to sleep
wondering why I never called Murray for
a date is it Murray your wife I came up
after the last dream and I think it's
the third game where they're Mary now
they're just dating
wondering why I never called my whore
for a day oh you forgot to call your
whore rich get on it forgot to call my
call girl oh you forgot to call your
girl oh my god it's the next day well
that was very quick very very quick I'm
over it I'm over it I don't know why we
didn't drive to the airport yesterday to
look for that criminal but you know fuck
it I was tired my knees hurt I was just
swimming and swimming takes a lot out of
you trying to move those fins against
the current no you know I died like five
times i drowned three times and I got
swept away by a current twice apparently
fatal to get swept away it occurred when
you're wearing an air tank I mean you
can get swept away for a while and not
suffocate yet I'm I'm assuming you would
come up for air at some point good
gobbledygook I gave up a little bit ago
I forgot to read it did you like Paul
Giamatti as a rhino
any thoughts on a Sony r-rated venom can
you also play a character who looks
exactly like or you can also play as a
character who looks exactly like
spider-man
in DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free youth box do we have after please
close to do we have to play DC online
universe do we want to rule the ongoing
thing the joke we could eventually the
joke gets ruined just by how long look
I'm almost certainly not gonna like it
I'm not gonna like playing in a game
where I get to watch Batman do cool
things while I'm just
schmuck I'm third-rate made up hero
watching Batman do the cool things that
sounds horrible Paul Giamatti is random
yeah all four seconds of that
performance what do you want me to say
about that but there's a cameo
appearance in a shit movie yeah it was
great there you go give me
give me a wad as far as Sony r-rated
venom concerns they've they've done such
a spectacular job of bumbling any movie
they've been a part of superhero why's
that
it's who cares if it's rated R it's
gonna suck remember the great things
that they did with spider-man I need to
get my keys again don't Iron III didn't
think to do it it's gonna happen yeah oh
damn you see Europe
damn you Ciara nope nope nope
oh I'm about to run out of battery
oh my god also I just realized I haven't
had my stand-up timer on rich but I'm
sure it's stand up time stand up time
god damn it oh I'm gonna I'm gonna get a
potato chip too funny your potato two
potatoes everybody stand up stretch out
them yam gams clams spam ma'am here look
at my computer
Oh
okay great
no you don't get you don't get
intermediate submission music you don't
get anything we just stand up that's
what happens that's what happens we
stood up
we stood up because we should we should
be standing up every hour because it's
good for us we've only we've been
playing for about an hour and 45 minutes
so we should have stood up earlier but
we missed one and we should be upset
about that start a new timer boom and
boom I had a tingle tingle in my legs I
knew something was wrong and I knew I
forgot to stand up I check the old list
of things to talk about list
oh that's something that rich might
enjoy we were just talking about that
oh that's right we have to talk about
that to talked about this if I demand
civil war I told you guys I caught Mew
right very excited about mule I've been
playing I've been playing with me a
little bit and II already even though
you catch him at a level seven
god damn powerful all he all he knows is
pound and just just kicking the shit out
of everybody powerful powerful Pokemon
really excited about that
over the weekend I got to see my local
theater was playing Miyazaki films and
they're playing my neighbour Totoro
Totoro Totoro Totoro and so I took the
kids to go see my neighbor totoro
and it was their first time seeing it
and we got to see it in a theater full
of people who were just excited to see a
movie and it was so great it was
beautiful it was a wonderful experience
that's such a good movie my neighbor to
Thoreau and it has a giant cats cat like
things don't Thoreau
Thoreau and it was super fun time if I
don't like animation I watch it yes I
mean you should any any of those music
you films
we're great I might you know I I
perfectly liked or I my usual favorite
is spirited away
cuz I like all the ghosts and stuff but
Jack I have beaten five trainers on
nugget bridge but I cannot find a
neighbor where do I get them if you're
playing pokemon yellow you actually have
to beat misty first go down in the grass
above the daycare center and that's
where the Abra is and then go back up
and to do the the mucilage I was just
saying no as I was telling them the
story over the weekend
my local theater has been playing
Miyazaki films and so I took the boys to
go see my neighbor totoro and it was an
amazing experience a bunch of kids from
the neighborhood where there a bunch of
families all watching a beautiful
beautiful film never seen it man oh man
I write I was then I was just saying
someone was asking if they're not into
animation should they see and then I was
like any of those Miyazaki films those
that's the starting point because
they're beautiful and imaginative and
their films that that just could not
exist as live act or something live
absolutely not right they need the
animation to make the wonderment happen
and that's that's a beautiful and
spirited away is my personal favorite
but all like you know Kiki's Delivery
Service or Princess Mononoke or Howl's
Moving Castle that's another really good
one you know but it doesn't matter
hey boys we have a traffic cop standing
by down the old warehouse district hey
what did seven victim victim took in the
back of the head well that could be
fresh it'll him looks like it could be a
professional hit huh oh wait this is a
new victim yeah new David honey your
dress is what safety westeros take Keith
and get over there 160 westeros thank
you thank you
good thinking good thinking champ
anything new or my basket Lord bellman
says a game you already have is the 7th
guest when are you gonna play that with
Jay because he likes all right listen we
we go we playing when we play him Lord
Belmont I know when you've gifted us the
7th guest oh he wants us to play with
you ok one-zero what do you want from I
remove the envelope which is marked
crime lab while opening the envelope I
think it's the test results on the
evidence the evidence I know that
because it says crime lab and it really
couldn't be anything else
footprint cast location found riverbank
finding of examination size 10 D 10 D
end of report
well I mean size 10 D that's important
to know that's important for for putting
him away because you can say oh the the
suspect also has Isis in D my favorite
part though is that instead of just
ending the report which would have been
the end of the report they say end of
the report my friend what was so long
and yes Lord Belmont perhaps for a
spooky Halloween stream that can be fun
for junior also Moki b85 says rich X
come to strategy question yeah before
you talk to you yeah what should be more
priority in the early months of
commander Ironman run base building
resistance expansion or weapons and
armor games kicking my ass
well you don't want to go Lacs on that
guerilla tactics cool because you need
you need those squat expansions so you
want to make sure you get that shin over
the other what was other things they
want a balance of weapons or what else
resistance expansion weapons or base
building resistance expansion it's not
that big a deal I don't I don't go too
crazy about expanding too fast I'm sure
there are people who who live and die by
expanding fast and making sure they have
a lot of cash on hand early early months
yeah no you want you want that you want
that guerrilla tactics cool because you
want the squad increases and I usually
go for the magnetic weapons before I get
the armor but it's kind of a toss-up
you're either either are good maybe if
the game is really kicking your ass bad
maybe you want to the armor you know
also the advanced warfare center it's
pretty good for the healing if you're
getting your ass kicked if you're
getting a lot of injuries
that's really true that's not bad I
think more more important questions
which enemies do you prioritize okay I
did a lot better once I stopped worrying
about sectoid sectoid czar the last
enemy I prioritize the grunts are good
to kill those little for health grants
here's here's a--here's insectoids work
right yeah they have a devastating
plasma pistol yes that they never use
all right the the way it seems like the
way they're AI works they prioritize
their mind powers they can reanimate the
dead so before they shoot at you they
will waste a turn reanimating the dead
and those dead guys do shit damage they
do decent damage it's just if you you
know the early pods usually have a
sectoid and a grunt you kill the grunts
as quick as you can when you're sectoid
will probably still be alive
but he's gonna either waste a turn
bringing back the the guy to life or
putting panic I'm going
soldiers as long as you kill that
sectoid the next turn it's not gonna be
a problem yeah okay couple more tips yep
good I've missed arnold rimmer the the
person who sent us that terrible joke I
would like to apologize for the terrible
joke here's some extra money to get a to
get back on track are there any games
you loved / hated in the past that you
think the opposite
more playing more recently if so which
one is well you know what here's what I
will say games like this these kind of
text adventure games our games that I
just ignored growing up mostly because
we didn't have a computer that could run
them but I mean I had friends who had
computers I knew of their existence and
I never would have touched these as a
child even that even as a teenager
these were way out of my my scope and in
fact like when I started playing these
on the streams I have officially fallen
in love with them so that's that's my
best example I know I never would have
touched these as a kid I can't I can't
think of a great example of something
then I hated it and no love I really
can't I know back in the day when it
first came out XCOM had no interest in
me like here the original 1993 version
hmm I don't know why I'm sure I saw ads
for huh and then I actually played it
many many like decades later 10-15 years
later by God's grace so I guess I guess
that I don't have a great answer for you
though
that's right frog factions is the reason
I love text adventures now that is very
true trader
tutus each actually rich I was thinking
playing Donna for to campaign with co-op
would be more similar to Helldivers with
the story the the person who gave us
money to buy all of it we can try it
I'm just not enthusiastic about it it's
all I'm saying so there you know that's
what they're saying
that's a guest strategy question I've
I've never played a real time strategy
game that I've liked
and I really wanted to like homeworld
cuz everything I love about homeworld
yeah I love everything about whole world
except for the type of game it is we've
had someone Q who keeps asking what what
and you've mentioned your your specific
distaste for realtime strategy before
going to it again well give us the same
they might not be here what strategy I
like to take my time and think about
what I'm doing real-time strategy games
are frantic stressful clique fests quit
fast fast and furious get quick on these
things and they just go about doing what
they're gonna do you give vague
directions you don't really feel like
you're in much control of anything and
then every unit is just has no value no
attachment you just build them and you
send them out to dine you don't give a
shit yeah because you can always build
more there's nothing about it I can get
attached to emotionally and there's
nothing I like about it from a gameplay
perspective I just find them stressful
and horrible okay one more tip even if
that's a dud oh this is traitor
traded to the Z CH again talking about
Donna for two even if that's a dud
there's also Space Marine the action
game which barely uses cover favoring
executions for health games oh yeah I
like that game well enough the Warhammer
Space Marine game oh that was fine I've
played it before steam name is okay in
case you're interested also okay the
gave us this team names in case you ever
want to do co-op the real they on guys
you should really sweet that's sweet
give me a name just the truth is I don't
I don't multiplayer game like hardly
that's that's the real truth oh the real
van has police quests no good you got
guys you should reload your save and go
to the airport there was lots to do
there yep also from the previous stream
you were supposed to go on a date with
Marie after you got off work instead of
going home
I got in a car and they just ended well
we you you know when we got back to the
station you gave your evidence and then
you instead of going home or whatever
you could have gone to the Arab or maybe
you could have typed in and go to here I
don't think we ever should have given me
in the evidence oh we should have gone
first what happens you want to do that
where where are we
that's the question is where were we
well we're here okay you want to do it
make sure I got the clothes
y'all clothes here okay all right we've
reload we've saved scammed we've done it
yeah it was fine a game like this not
one iota
Jack Frost did you get the thing I sent
you what's the thing yeah sure why not
what thing did you send us maybe was it
was it a wooden box thing was that the
thing not one iota
I should we're on our way to the station
right it's when we got the call right
right hold on I'm I'm looking for not
one iota to to respond
was it a wooden box thing oh you'll find
out more about that well but if it's the
if it's not one iota we guy can get his
info that's true yeah well I guess I'll
just give you the lowdown um wait wait
hold on yeah rich play I have not one
iota x' thing up here I can't type too
good the airport
all right the box uh are you are you
talking about that that that crate that
small crates somebody sent us with all
the stickers all over it because we have
it it's it's it's it's it's going to be
featured actually in the next best of
the worst episode and the way it's
featured I'm just gonna tell you now we
don't know how to open the box it
appears to be constructed in such a way
that you can't open the crate don't give
up too much information on the box
because I want them to prove if it is
their box cuz that you know I think some
people here might claim responsibility
for the box so don't give too much of a
visual descriptor
looks like it's constructed in such a
way that we cannot open the box without
pulling some nails out and essentially
destroying this amazing box and we don't
want to destroy the box just to open it
yeah and we were curious we actually
have it on the table the next best of
the worst we we're reaching out to you
if that is your box is there a secret
way to open this box without destroying
the box because we don't want to destroy
the box because it's beautiful we have
no idea what's in it right so and and
now not one iota is not responding is
that the thing you said you apparently
not not one iota okay I know I have to
hit enter I wanted to stop to have this
conversation right I definitely send
this box
throat hold on
protip you have to prove it we're just
telling this way to open the box so we
want to know those are wait open the box
not destroying the beautiful box not
even one iota that's true
no I didn't okay froude up didn't send
it he was joking that's why I didn't
want rich to to give too much visual
description because if you did send the
box you I would ask you to describe some
things about the box but um does the box
have air holes and can you hear
breathing I don't think they knew I know
I don't see one iota anymore and I had
them open but no I was trying to just
slide things around like maybe it's
puzzle box yeah we don't want to destroy
the box yeah because the box is
beautiful we can see these nails are
kind of like jutting out a bit it looks
like you're supposed to pry the nails
out the box I would also make things
fall apart that's a good strike yeah
okay
that's fine all right that's fine I'm
gonna go to the airport drive the
airport
oh and she already went through the
thing but this batch already went
through the thing yeah yeah sooner
minute is not it is not ours to open it
was a dress to red letter media so that
means it is red letter media open so we
won't be showing it on stream you'll see
it in the next best of the worst any day
now
tomorrow come on tomorrow the next best
of the worst okay let's check out the
parking lot sunny
no that's Keith yeah ha
I'll go look over here I'm gonna leave
frame again and doing nothing suspicious
right over here look around look around
you Jack tell rich no bases or unit
making in dawn of war all the units our
characters with dialogue I still don't
like the gameplay style of frantic quick
fast like focusing on this thing don't
me to tell you a thing and I don't mind
doing anything I don't like giving vague
directives in the middle of a
clusterfuck fucking fucking can't stand
it looking around I become a lady to the
fact that I'm standing in the parking
lot of little Municipal Airport that's
that's just great that's just great look
at cars look at cars yeah so far I don't
see a car that matches the description
of the stolen car no I don't remember is
it written down
notes I have a different car description
written down
did we talk to a did we talk to someone
with the stolen car yeah I'd say it I
don't remember I have I have a partial
license plate in a car description of a
compact Chevy
I'll lower Belmont no but Oh and wanted
to know if it was a specific kind of
puzzle box it doesn't appear to be no I
looked for like secret things I couldn't
find one
so uh I noticed that you got you got all
runned over there rich
you forgot to look both ways and wait
for the life didn't your mother tell you
about that span a pow pow pow
Ciara you just delight in this don't you
don't you serum you know they do look at
light no no no mellow soul that was a
finger slip oh that's what that was
you got a picture of that car's license
plate
it says cierra
yeah Fox is equipped with a button
that's all
press button push button I push the
button activating the traffic control
light I can now safely cross the streets
be the real van says we're before rich
plays dawn of war he should check out
and more time it's a lot like fantasy
XCOM turn-based individual characters
who gain XPS and injuries etc Lord well
was that I was lost in a game fantasy
exco which is more time more time okay I
don't know I don't know that swords work
as well as ranged weapons do next time
say the whole cover thing is neat
yeah percentage of the hit as opposed to
just taking turns slacking at each other
man you know I don't know IRA maybe
maybe that Viking game didn't really do
it for me and you can you could call
that XCOM like with melee weapons yeah
banner saga the bombers are got so many
we need a girl voice here oh hey there
big fella why don't you buy some flowers
for yeah sure why not it sounds cheaper
than money they give a 50 bucks or I
could buy her a flower that's how it
works
you're dating a whore
look at flowers which one do I want she
wants to know the the flower you're a
woman you tell me which one I should get
I don't know I don't have a vagina I
have some lovely flowers a single rose
and bouquet of carnation even some
you'll get a big kiss
I take the damn rose $2 its 1987 that's
outrageous
I'd pay the young lady and send her on
her way
it's still cheaper than the $50 would
have been so I'm coming out ahead ahead
did you understand what I did there I
did a thing kind of it's not a very
clever thing but I'm not a very clever
man I'm just above fascist cop that's
the best I can do when it comes to humor
looking at the license I can see that
the registration is expired
boom I'm going to write ticket really
yeah what is that also anal yeah well
can you look at license plate it doesn't
matter come on come on me expired
registration is no reason to seek a
search warrant look at license plate
search car goddamn it no
my cop instincts tell me that I should
put this guy in the slammer you spinning
your wheels I'm spinning my wheels
looking at look at man look at look at
Adolf Hitler they're sitting on a bench
he's got a tiny mustache right my rug
look look at man McMuffins I think the
Batmobile in rocket League looks kind of
cool I'm not gonna buy it but did you
see the Batmobile DLC what's the reason
usually there's no justice yes I was it
the ugly version - that looks like a
tank yeah
oh then double No oh it kind of looks it
kind of looks cool I would I would buy
it if it looked like the Batmobile
here's the thing it looks cool if you
tell yourself in your mind that it's not
the Batmobile like just has a cool
floaty tank it's kind of cool yeah I
really liked is the Batmobile have to be
a tank now it doesn't I mean it just
because that's that's what Christopher
Nolan did because he wanted a more
realistic Batman and everyone does well
Chris does really get traced back to
Frank Miller Dark Knight Returns but
that was that was weird post-apocalyptic
future Batman
oh sure you know at the moment a couple
of people are sitting on a bench in
front of the building entrance one of
them is reading the Litton Tribune that
filthy liberal rag the other one too
cheap to buy his own paper is reading
over his shoulder I'm checking my
horoscope oh I did leave but I'm the
Pisces man reading the paper says get
out of here pal I'm trying to find out
if my horse won the other guy says yeah
me too you're talking to a God if you're
not careful you'll find out which horse
wins in the slammer oh is that the
proposition you're slamming what you
don't know is that they win when they
find their way into your ass
la kitchen getting in there
would you like to would you like to come
down mine look around I'm inside the new
little Airport terminal building because
everything is new we've established that
the last time we played this game people
from all walks of life and all parts of
the globe walk by the little town of
linton is that at the 20th century i
feel proud that my efforts have helped
even in a small way to make Litton a
busy prosperous city even though i
didn't help because as we established in
the last stream i tanked the city's
economy by ruining the drug trade which
really was the only thing the city had
going for if it wasn't for the governor
giving us emergency funds we wouldn't
have all of this new stuff but it's only
because of the emergency funds which I
suppose I can take credit for that I can
take credit for ruining the city's
economy which caused the governor to
step in and save the city's economy so
thank you so really in a roundabout way
I'm a hero go to men's room I like that
were there any clues and they look
around I got the window I got so into
fucking around that I wasn't really I
wasn't really reading I was banging no
whose bathes on the type of criminal
mastermind in the cities of a seed
may I help you sir yes tell me about
this Bane's good now ask about crime ask
about crime I'm not sure what else to do
or their investigation procedures for
tracking down a fugitive oh maybe I'm
sorry sir explains the ticket agent but
the present journalist is confidential
information show man badge cop that
means I can do anything
yes yes officer what do you want ask
about passenger ticket agent hand you
over the ticket agent has me a list of
flights and passengers and says I'm here
you are officer I carefully look over
the list but nothing rings a bell
boom get out of my face
damn damn guess I'm out of here
what now what what do we do now jack
this is a team effort
oh sorry I don't hear you saying much
and so for life at except the mug shot
not me that since the follow bottle Adam
oh yeah that's a good idea
so mad mug shot I'm sorry officer but
that face doesn't ring a bell at all I
wasn't gonna be a moral system thanks
for wasting my time
so mug shot nobody can see the mug shot
from where I'm standing whi they blind
standing right in front of them why it
looks just like my cousin Rufus - the
compound
of course why you showing it to me
VAR y r-77 says hey you kids have either
of you seen at the expanse the first
season just ended it's fairly hard
sci-fi I think you'd both enjoy it
especially rich good writing great cast
I watched it I have I've seen the whole
first season really enjoyed it and I
here's the thing though I disagree with
you I think the cast is kinda weak the
the writing is very good but I think
despite the cast being kind of weak and
the writing being a little generic I'm
so invested in the mystery yeah the
story is very good okay and it's good
sci-fi a lot I mean some of the actors
are outstanding that that Thomas Jane if
you remember him from the first Punisher
or the second Punisher movie the first
no Dolph Lundgren was the first Punisher
I think you'd have about war zone just
three punishment three-pointers here
movies yeah Dolph Lundgren one doesn't
count
Oh like no totally kinks anyway he's
that Punisher understand from the yeah
he's in it he's very good there's a
couple really outstanding actors but
some of the anger but the story is very
good and it's a really good space
setting Earth and Mars are like maybe
possibly starting a war so they're
ripping off zone of the enders that's
the plot of zone of the Ender's is there
Earthlings on Mars yes oh and well and
but then there's also the asteroid belt
and the access gives resources to Earth
and Mars and there's possible war sir
that's exactly the plot of zone of the
Ender's zone of the Ender's of them
might have been ripping off the book
it's based off of a book I don't also
called me I don't know hey buddy you got
a fine-lookin life there she needs a
shave though he snap rich oh man bad oh
hey hey oh hey oh boy you got a badge
there
fellow well hey well I'm sorry you got a
nice looking way for that office hey I
didn't say she was a nice looking wife
yeah what I do ask the agent the wrong
thing the the last run thing I remember
doing was uh running a stop sign in
there and that was seven six years ago
away oh yeah oh sorry and for anyone who
didn't catch it I was talking about the
expanse sci-fi channel original show
based off of the book by the same name
my wife read the book really enjoyed the
book and the show is very very nice very
compelling mystery cool world neat about
how people who live and grew up on the
asteroid belt are fighting for resources
that Earth and Mars are taking and Earth
and Mars don't quite get along and that
is so zone of the enders so the diner's
might have been ripping off the book the
expanse I
when did the book come up oh you know
what
I have a computer machine in front of me
the expanse book the novel series
published in 2011 when did Sona vendors
come out before that be my guess
zone of the least early PlayStation 2
zone of the enders 2002-2003 oh yeah
2001 they're totally ripping off zone of
the enders well there you go there you
go
