Episode 088
Deadbolt... that's a little too close to Wedlock. (part 2)
May 10, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iepyssLtSJQ
___________________________________________

yes beefcake get another grapefruit beer
how beefcake how how does the how does
it taste
have you noticed a big taste difference
since you started pouring it into a
glass I am a good sing I am a good good
singer and I enjoy singing which I
probably shouldn't why a it's true let
me tell you by the way speaking of a
wild thing appears my Pokemon team is
fucking rocking it rocking
what
it takes about seven well that's all
right here a couple beers anyway my
Pokemon team is doing great
they're all level twenty now mu is
unstoppable and I haven't even learned
any psychic moves yet like just using
the pound that the Mew comes with you is
virtually unstoppable it's great
if you like deck-building games have I
ever play the DC version no because I'm
a Marvel person I really enjoy Marvel
legendary Marvel legendary is one of my
favorites at the moment and I'm really
really excited like we I play that just
just me and my wife we play that
sometimes just because it's we have so
much fun but we're marvel people we're
marvel
we've always been preferable
preferential we've always been
preferential to Marvel and so I haven't
played the DC one damn right jim breuer
and ski the deadbolt soundtrack is great
great mu is really good early but later
on his only benefit is being able to run
every TM but his stats news stats that
and they're great and he can learn any
TM so he can beat he can dominate
there's some great strats mr. sister
Pfister what has a quite has a has a gun
to your head choose one number one you
have to go down on a woman with blue
waffles what's blue waffles okay okay
well you have to go down on one with
blue waffle till she has three orgasms
to a disease to homeless man sucks your
dick three caught urinating near school
and put on list what caught urinating
near school and put on list I can only
like Oh sex predator I don't want that
for sure
arrows those are always dumb thank you
for donating but those questions are
always so dumb you know what I don't
know um I don't know what blue waffle
czar and I don't want to Google it
because I don't want to be put on a
different list
option D take the bullet or or try to
wrestle the gun all right I would try to
wrestle the gun away that's right to
wrestle the gun away cuz he's if he's
got like right up next to my head yeah
he's within grabbing range it's kind of
dumb yeah you don't want to be a gun is
a ranged weapon you don't want to be
that close you want to be that close
with a knife right your your advantage
is the range yes agreed
collecting data says my twin sister is
watching the stream tonight but not
chatting can you say hello to Susan
hello Susan or as I like to call her
collecting more well hello collecting
lore Susan the twin sister welcome to
the stream hopefully you're having a
good time and hopefully you know you're
not to put off by the by us talking
about homeless men sucking our dicks or
blue waffles whatever those are don't
Google it put channel list effectively
I'm not really talking about responding
somebody else is talking that's true all
right let's see anonymous if you had to
choose 720p resolution and 60 frames a
second or 820 P and 30 frames a second
you have to choose yeah
720 at 60 frames a second or 1080 at 30
frames a second and here's my answer if
it's a game 720 at 60 if it's a if it's
movie or TV 1080 at 30 I assume
Anonymous is talking about games I can't
give you an honest answer without saying
like a side by side comparison I would
say 720 and hands down at 60 frames a
second hands down probably yeah that's
gonna run way smoother probably and
remember that 60 frames a second isn't
just about how much you see it's also
about Mouse interactions I've seen games
that run 30 and I'm like that looks fine
sure so I don't know I really don't know
well that well I think that like this is
a gun to your head situation work for
there for the rest of the year like a
really fast-paced game yeah you know
maybe you want a 60 then but if you know
this is all I'm saying is for the rest
of the year you need to make this choice
like 30 frames per second that's
basically every PlayStation 2 game right
and my Rhino knows I think I think zone
of the enders tube famously got into the
60s I could be wrong about that I could
easily be wrong I have just literally no
idea I wouldn't kid Katherine cathode
ray tube right my god they're right CTR
TVs yeah could they even display beyond
30 frames per second no I know so
basically every console game before the
HDTV was capped at 30 frames per second
right
actually they were captain they were
can't even less because of the interlace
yeah so they were capped at like 15
frames a second than interlaced or no no
yeah they did 60 frames a second but
they were interlaced so came out at 30
frames a second okay entirely wrong as
usual fuck off I'm not a technician yes
and I said I got it wrong I got it
backwards NES was 60 frames a second
yeah TV shows were like you know 30
frames per second right
am I wrong above it TV shows yeah if the
if the TVs couldn't display fan well I'm
sorry I didn't know I didn't find out
the exact specifications it looks fine
that's like yeah let's find out looks
flat alright well that's the thing about
about consoles is yes they ran at 60
frames per second but they only
displayed at 30 frames a second
is very strange yes okay we had a couple
tips we'll get to those ah
all right the blue waffle is a shock
image so look I'm definitely not
googling that also Eric Lang has made a
lot of good games so his blood-borne
games should be all right at least I'm
very excited about the blood-borne game
I like card games and I like blood-borne
no-brainer no-brainer for me I'm gonna
get it I started following him on
Twitter just so I can make sure I know
when it's coming when it's coming out oh
my god I know
okay where are we two things I want
they're leaving La Mancha orange says
two things I want at Rich's wedding one
an anonymous ring bearer wearing a Darth
Vader helmet dry-humping a joy droid all
the way down that aisle why the fuck
would anyone want that do you think the
ball be do you think Karen would allow
that it's not an issue because it's not
gonna happen okay
there's gonna be nothing Star Wars at my
wedding I'll tell you that okay
oh let's see maybe number two maybe
number two they want your wedding vows
to include do you bleed and then you
could be like because I'll bandage you
up all right great
Craig good nation hey guys I love the
stream and prereq even though I
sometimes disagree with your opinions or
maybe I love prereq purely because
sometimes I disagree with your opinions
keep up the good work
oh thank you thank you sir egg nation
it's okay to have disagreements
you can all be civil ah can we uh we
should be sometimes sometimes it is fun
to get a little uh sometimes it's fun to
get a little riled up but we have to
make sure we remain friends uh where
were we Oh atomic mouse trap the novelty
of tipping an actor is too much for me
to resist rich yes thank you for space
cop you're welcome
yes thank all of you first base cover
can you confirm that Jack and rich are
going to be starring in a hypothetical
twins remake absolutely absolutely what
was I just thinking about cuz we were
talking about gun to your head where's
my a notebook
what was it called I finally got around
to watching the most wonderful
documentary the other day yeah all right
I write things down to talk about in
stream when we've run out of things to
talk about but also just to remind me of
stuff those are called back to the
source have you heard of this it's it's
the it's the documentary about kima the
historical European martial arts and
it's documentary all about these people
who spend all of their time trying to
realistically recreate fighting
techniques from the Middle Ages
okay so likes you know the use of swords
and sort Thor get it right Lisa forth
kima H II AM a historical European
martial arts and you can watch this
documentary for free on YouTube got back
to the source right
back to the source and the I was sold on
this documentary because they kept it
was sold to me by other people saying
like oh they go through like what movies
get wrong and how like the way people
sword fight in movies is historically
inaccurate and these people who do it
for real and that's actually a very
small part of the documentary it's
mostly just about these nuts people who
try to like decipher old French text
books on fencing you know yeah it's like
real-life LARP and it wasn't what I
thought it was going to be it wasn't
that a commentar I thought it was gonna
be which I thought was gonna be a lot
about fighting and it was mostly just
about this organization but I thought it
was really well-made and a good watch
especially if you like action movies
yeah they're kind of walking around
they used to fence to the death so if
you ever get a free hour and a half go
to that YouTube's and watch some watch
them back to the source good stuff good
stuff
Caesarion fart rich jack have you guys
ever considered doing a full stream with
rich in character as mr. blinken if you
ever do I would recommend playing a
Leisure Suit Larry game to go along with
it I did never had crossed my mind no
are people like sick of my planking I
could do that a lot for my explain it
well you know I think I think they're
split that was your shoot me I'm gonna
restart that was your fault completely
I'm terrible at this game is there a
quick restart button
Oh Phoenix oh let's see here added a
Michael Cote CA dear Jack enriched
during production of a half in the bag
or best of the worst episode what was
your favorite piece to film mine would
have to be the ending of the 2012
ketchup episode with all the booze what
was it what was the favorite thing what
was your favorite thing you've ever
gotten to film there's a general rule
filming is always miserable coming up
with ideas of things to fill this fun
yeah actually filming is almost always
miserable and and tedious and repetitive
or sometimes you're covered with fake
blood in a warehouse where it's 32
degrees that was not a lot of fun and a
lot of times the stuff that looks the
funnest what it's done is the worst to
actually film so my answer is gonna be
nothing the the the ending of our age of
Ultron that was no fun to film J kept
handing me sausage chunks and he said
they were gonna look like intestines I
was covered in cold blood our chairs got
messed up I gave you a whole list of
like the worst things yeah do that no
there's this one time where they throw
brick at me and I'm holding up like a
porcelain platter they throw a brick
yeah and the bricks coming through the
window oh yeah yeah and it shattered the
porcelain platter ribs in my hands cut
my finger extremely bad I'm bleeding I'm
like holding my head up you know you're
supposed to when you have a cut you hold
your hand over your head oh no Mike ever
like mad at me like there are matter
because I'm holding my hand I was like I
was like making them squeamish after I
cut my film finger and was bleeding
profusely they were actually upset at me
for making them feel bad cuz I was
holding my hand over my head putting
pressure on the wound that would not
stop leading yeah no that's yeah this is
terrible because you survived that's
fine it's a funny story
dickhead
yeah I'm probably probably one of the
the best bits in half the best skits we
film was the V be able to have one oh
yeah that was a great one that was
miserable to film yes it's absolutely
miserable and I was gonna point to that
as I was there only for a little bit of
that filming yeah I could help out for a
little bit but I had to go for some
reason and it was very fast and it was
very it's very chaotic and like the way
that Mike and Jay film thing is usually
not planned out you know they just kind
of know what they're looking for so then
it's you should just echo over here and
move over to the left and right okay now
we're shooting this now this is what
you're doing thank you this is what
you're doing
okay now go over here you know it's so
it's it's all it can get a little hectic
and frustrating
yes leftover beefcake mailman Tommy is
underrated
man oh man Tommy is an underrated
character and I hope he makes a comeback
I wanted to bring mailman Tommy back do
you remember do you remember that the
ghost girl who would scream there goes
there was a screamer basically she
looked like one of the ring girls Jays
ghost girlfriend Jays goes girlfriend
yeah yeah I wanted a love triangle
between Jay his ghost girlfriend and
ghost mailman Tommy
wait maybe Tommy's not oh man man tell
me he's got hacked to bits that's right
yeah I got that he died I don't know why
mailman Tommy hasn't come back but he
should have he definitely should have
agreed agreed
maybe one day mailman time that was
nicely done
well the rest won't be that's right it
was if that was in a very early episode
my mailman Tommy episode for anyone who
doesn't know I'd like the the bit was I
was a very nice I hate those fucking big
guys they're terrible you got to get him
in the head I was who was very nice I
was a very nice and courteous mailman
and Mike and a war assholes to me that
was the whole joke I thought it was a
funny bed it was funny good there's no
thinking about it it was a funny bed no
anonymous says it has a very important
question rich what do you think about
games so we're good to some learn what
do you want what you want I enjoy
spending my time playing them drink more
Ovaltine krokodil Brian hey guys mr.
stream this weekend as I was playing
Firewatch I couldn't stop playing it I
still love you guys even if rich doesn't
consider it a game keep up the great
work you fucks thank you thank you very
much thank you very much I'm glad you
liked it I liked it too crocodile brain
I thought it was I thought it was a good
time good narrative rich disagrees and
that's fine and that's fine it's okay
collecting data are you comparing us can
you open this question to the chat best
prereq streams of all time from the for
newer fans what Sabrina I don't know
what that question means are you asking
me what I think the better our best
stream was we've done just so many at
this point that's done Wilson is fun I
still like the was it the same night but
it was don't shit your pants and co-op
maybe maybe don't shoot your pants and
co-op in one night I think it's pretty
pretty amazing and I saw earlier today
someone someone has a spreadsheet of all
the games we've ever played on
previously recorded this right here rich
yeah number 200 this one this one right
here we have officially played 200 games
nice
I think that's grab me now it is nice
that is nice that's great
leaving lunch yeah oh you know what
actually before I get to you leaving La
Mancha yeah personally you know what my
favorite stream is Space Quest yeah me
playing Space Quest like I don't think
rich was in the room for any of that
like you Skyped in for most of that I
think so me just just playing space
quests and having a great time
loving text adventure games that's just
my that's my personal favorite because I
really enjoy playing the game but I
still think that don't shoot your pants
in co-op might have been the most
entertaining leaving La Mancha sorry
Jack now that you've got me now you've
got me curious about your planket and
just how long you can keep it up the
voice not plankin keeping him up all
depends on if he's taking his stuff
I don't think I do a very good point
good voice it's a great place I have a
brother-in-law
this isn't a very good this isn't even a
very good point of acceptable god
fastest all corrected at the last banks
of my fun
I dunno I don't do a very good thing to
place but it's great great voice
I hate shotgun guys they make this game
miserable the shotgun guys make this
game not fun they make this came not fun
I hate them
you need to try some different straps
what are your strats for the shotgun
guys shoot them until they don't die
well shoot them until they're done right
in obvious until they don't die cuz they
don't die well yeah you need a tommy gun
go down and get the time again throw
that they they shrug that off like blink
like like pop gun like I said shoot
number the pop gun yeah that young ball
gun nothing there's nothing I I don't
know I don't know
I don't remember uh you and you do have
$100 you can go buy a different weapon
there's a there's a headshot er weapon
that deals more powerful headshots
there's um there's other weapons that
you can get that might help you
upgrading your gear is pretty important
I remember talking to Mike very early on
about the blanket stuff it was like
after one after like the generations
review came out yeah it was after we
were shooting a feeding frenzy bit like
one of the generations reviews come out
or I don't know maybe the Star Wars when
I'd come out at that point I forget but
just talking about how like important
that voice was because everyone wanted
to do that voice you know it's great
what a great voice that rich invented
I'll always have Don Wilson always have
Don Dan Wilson Dan Don Danny Wilson I
don't know what TV Tropes dot-org is
that's a site that sucks in your soul
and doesn't let you leave for at least
at least five hours Oh apparently there
is a previously recorded section of it
now oh great that's great
don the dragon Wilson Don Danny Wilson's
oh yeah you got a shotgun now okay I
think you got it you got to kill those
to go down and kill those two but Tommy
gun I've tried the Tommy gun like five
times and I'm loaded clip onto them and
it does nothing and I hate it
here's your best bet
I hate going home going up and down the
stairs fucks with your cursor I hate
that too by the way it because it moves
your cursor relative to where you are I
also hate that I agree I don't believe
it was but I will ask him rich yeah was
the original plinking voice inspired by
Buffalo Bill no what was the original
voice inspired by trying to sound as
crazy as I could because we're making a
weird-ass movie where I was talking to
Mike and Ashley Olsen and the more
bizarre the person they were talking to
the better the creepier and the weirder
yeah yeah there originally its honored
it's not a more not quite done Wilson
was a bit more mike-mike toned it down a
lot when he did the reviews because he
had to have people understand what he
was saying yeah I think originally
played it was a bit more unrestrained
there's a little dog oh my god we're
gonna buy crab meat again your cameras
all apart in the floor and it was oh so
higher-pitched might have been yeah
things change over time yeah so just it
was just trying to sound bizarre
because the original it wasn't a serial
killer right right it was just some
weirdo who wanted Murray cave Ashley
Olsen to fix his broken cabinet and find
his missing medicine she had his hands
the more senile than than terrain van
oïleus than homicidal right right
definitely deranged okay here's what I
think you got to do playing the game
yeah I agree
I wouldn't say that hold on first of all
anonymous says has anyone at rlm seen
the zeitgeist movies I don't even know
what those are are those are those
things that Google makes at the end of
each year the zeitgeist
oh my god - Jack you should play the
Vedic game the soul sacrifice Delta it's
about some dude who sits in a cage
waiting to be sacrificed by Merlin while
a sassy Necronomicon teaches him magic
so we can fight back that sounds fun
that sounds fun learn magic I don't I
don't like the name then the name makes
me think of a JRPG you know fuck mages
fuck mages and everything they fucking
stand for yeah yeah I'm okay with them
you know what I like I like next girl
necromancer's just recently a fucking
mage yeah corpse mage the corpse mage
it's still a fucking bitch okay so go
back down here's what I think you got to
do with that time again yeah you go jump
up those stairs when that guy's close
and make sure you shoot him right in the
fucking head like wait till he turns
right in the fucking head get that other
guy then drop back down before the other
big guys until he turns up go shoot a
man head oh oh that didn't work well cuz
you shot like twice you didn't do
nothing
I held that it's a tommy gun I held down
the button I couldn't shoot any faster
what the fuck you want you missed him
you missed his head I liked it I liked
the idea of like the idea of using a
Skellington arm like what are they doing
nothing raising up an army of the Dead
you know what I'd do I'd raise up an
army of the undead of puppies everybody
would think they were cute
you're pretty day
you can do it no I really can't okay no
this says rich and Jack are the best I
mean that's true obviously Jack I enjoy
how you sometimes naturally end up
playing the straight man in rlm shows
you know I just think I might be one of
the more normal ones here I also love
your Russian kicker video yes that's a
great one thank you rich you are like a
tasty slice of man meat okay I'd like to
tell you that I agree all right let's
see here VAR Vey 77 hey Jack and rich
I'm wondering if you ever played the
baldur's gate D&D; game from back in the
late 90s not my favorite turn-based RPGs
definitely recommended no and I never
play daddy
Deanna Jones and the giant ants dancing
Jack trigger joy said is not true I love
pizza rolls ie pizza rolls probably more
often than I should as an adult but I
still love them and I think you're a
crazy person
I get that cursor on well then oh please
the glooms the second I go up the stairs
I hate that I despise that you should
hate that you should hate that
you kind of gotta like find the area
relative to where you are then when you
go up it'll be about there
yes more often than I should equals at
all as an adult I should not eat pizza
rolls I'm going down the stairs and the
cursor moving is fucking awful give me
your fucking awful from your mouse pad
whoa whoa okay I can do this what are
those things
he opens doors yeah
now everyone keep in mind I have been
playing this game a lot more than my
chess I'll keep that mine just in case I
did something really phenomenal chaos
Rodney says you guys ever played
Kingdoms of Amalur reckoning I am
thinking of picking it up on Steam it is
an RPG done by a famous author and Todd
McFarlane art well no because Todd
McFarlane art that's that's an instant
know by yep
why is he demeaning himself by drawing
in this day and age Todd McFarlane yeah
time of from a nerd that obviously means
he hired somebody to draw it right it's
opening doors is hard on a keyboard like
you ever see him try and draw a fight
scene I do say try
is anyone in our LM Irish this is
someone in the chat does it sound like
we're talking with an Irish educated
lootable we're all American that's
having this conversation with killing
today yeah just kind of bullshit what I
mean ancestry is just kind bullshit my
my ancestors came from Scotland so the
fuck what
how does that impact you or your life in
any way right
my great-great-great great-grandfather
was the Archduke of Scotland
well isn't that big step down for you
like it has nothing to do with you your
ancestry ah you know it came from you
care about you like that where you came
from you came from your mother's womb
well yeah but some people care some
people care about stuff like that
except they are your ancestors look if
if the sins of the father should not be
visited upon the son that's like a
saying right neither neither should as
accomplishments then matter where the
fuck your genes came from matters what
matters is what you're doing now rich
that's deep you didn't hear nothing you
didn't need another big guy I don't want
you talking about you didn't hear
nothing go upstairs ancestry is more
interesting than this game probably yeah
you know it's uh it's just interesting
that it knows it's like trivia so yeah
that's like masturbation what ancestry
yeah oh that's right by this point I
might have been using this you can buy a
suppressed pistol unless people come to
check on their where we get the
headhunter what do you want the
headhunter hey fuck you want I did a
suppressed pistol and then eventually I
got the site he was great
extremely powerful headshots homes five
bullets let's try that I did the I did
the suppressed pistol on my run so we're
gonna give this head shatter
you know what we're just gonna try to
make it through this level that's gonna
be our goal for now you know people like
the kiss beyond Irish shirts no I'm
willing to bet they've never even been
to Ireland they never seen Ireland right
they don't know what life is like in
Ireland right yet they're there they're
trying to claim it as part of their
identity and I I think that's kind of
bullshit I I am a good part Irish yeah
I'm at least a quarter and I don't give
a fuck yeah I guess what I'm saying is
I'm with you like you know unless unless
it's a big thing for your family like oh
my mother would tell me stories of my
grandparents like I know who the fuck
cares my mother's side that's German and
Irish and I'm only assuming that because
of the names I don't really know because
I don't care sure and on my dad's side
I'm I don't fucking know or care
all right we got the headhunter now I
gotta be very shot though Evans is a
Welsh name all right so what does that
mean no question ultimately so what I
feel a deep personal connection with a
people that I've never met then a
culture I know nothing about the Welsh
where is where is Welsh I assume that
somewhere in the UK sure
where where where is that I have just no
idea well it's just like the name of the
people where they from are they from
Walsh from Walsh where are they from
I figured it out
I figured I would have to do with I'm
kind of being an asshole help I'm
exaggerating
for comedy but I could not point you to
Wales on a map they actually that that
would not that would not happen and I
did I did know it was Wales
so they'll come down here look around
right cuz I shot these two guys cuz I
got the head shatter so you can kill
these guys with one shot then what's
gonna happen or what happened last time
is all these mud fuckers are gonna go
downstairs leaving their boss
unprotected gone here got a shotgun okay
so not trying to kill everybody not
trying to do I proved totally approve
drop some kind of gun
and the pistol oh oh there was even a
sneaky way to go so now we have to fight
our way out
I'm keeping the mods on their toes
because I'm talking about not caring
about Anne's history what topics are
taboo apparently not this ancestry is
very important to a lot of people we
should start just mailing people your
plugs they could for our streams she'll
need prereq brand earplugs actually I
kind of like that oh I'll piss on every
single one of them my plan did not work
great are we going to do so much on
kilos being an asshole you gonna do
something about that hiss in the audio
someday question mark John keel we got a
little bit of a late start today so to
answer your question yes not at the
moment
so also settle down
can you please stop using the compressor
until the his situation is solved the
hiss wasn't that bad
guys you so the hits just was not that
bad and for the evening out of seven
glorious boys I think incredibly worth
it
honey snuggles has stopped being jerks
apparently honey snuggle is Cobra
Commander I like thinking that go
downstairs or whatever oh wait am ia
jerk because I'm asking what the big
deal with ancestry is you don't like
that the answer is it's not it's
meaningless I can't deal with the truth
I can't deal with the truth right can't
handle that new way of thinking about
life and Wales Wales is very important
to me Wales doesn't mean anything but I
don't mean anything
Rachel Wales is very important to me and
my family Cobra Commander yes yes car 2
and Cobra Commander had the elongated
essence
they asked my Irish because tomorrow is
st. Patrick's Day yeah ain't no I don't
give a fuck about st. Patrick's I really
don't you see I'm wearing green today
I'm probably not gonna wear this
tomorrow
so there you go they have got to sort
out this whole gun moving when you go
downstairs thing I I thought you were a
super experienced well I thought you're
super super experienced enough maybe
it's just your mouse I didn't I did not
have this issue when I was fun tickle
this is my mouse the studio's mouse this
is the streaming mouse oh well then I
know anonymous says Jack rich what is
one of the most memorable moments of
your childhood also you play DC Universe
Online it's free as fuck you fucking
fucks
stealing your stealing someone else's
bit anonymous unless unless that's you
listen s gobbledygook with a mask on
maybe the most memorable moments your
child I don't know let me let me scan
every moment of my childhood right now
if you could Sheldon I'm glad it's over
I'm essentially glad it's over
you know
Bom Bom life watching super grill you
guys kind of know though who the whole
story you know I don't actually remember
a whole lot for my channel I have a very
bad memory
like look at this so like here's my
mouse why did I add my head level right
I got on stairs
boom it's up there yeah yeah I know I
know why is it up there it's super awful
super awful I was not having that well
she hears you know the worst part is
it's like like position it on his head
before you go down oh yeah and it's
still off when you go down because the
camera moves yeah what fuck I want to
control her up up control it which what
is your favorite film produced by
Lucasfilm damn her straight back
the only answer you can have legally I
believe legally well I take that back
No
Raiders is pretty high on my list of
favorite movies
ooh nice nice recover there right yeah
one of those two it's one of those two I
love me some Indiana Jones all stinky
games on now
oh no I won't have my sneaky game almost
worth rich I'm sorry oh I had it should
play it again because it almost worked I
think I got it
why did why did you come up you never
come up before no for your envy I like
Jedi the most when I was eight look when
I was younger I probably would have said
definitely Raiders you know yeah Indiana
Jones was this shit yeah
ya heard that when I was younger in
terms of Star Wars movies I like Jedi
more than Empire there's lots of
spaceships flew around me and blew
things up absolutely not that I hated
Empire as a kid and definitely would not
say that
jyggalag 35 says for me Jedi has the
best moments and the worst moments in it
Empire still has the best moments I
agree that that Jedi is a weird mix of
greatness and and mediocrity mm-hmm but
the Empire has got that this was just
all of the best stuff han Solo being
frozen you know that died you know I
know you know Luke's hand getting cut
off the whole walker sequence oh yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah let's put Tetley says
supposed to the prequels which were a
combination of mediocrity mediocrity and
other trash under a combination of
mediocrity and utter trash where the
hell are you getting mediocrity using
they never even achieved mediocrity
so three bouncers come down the stairs
when I got them all over the town
together rich please tell him to stop
stop no I'm a bottom guy can get him
okay
so there which was the worst comic book
I've ever read parts of it good good
answer the story that caused me to
boycott spider-man for years
okay
one more day I never read one more day I
knew what was going to happen at it
I knew the spoilers you know why would
you even give the money for that hyper
giant says hypergiants you're an
American god damn it that's all that
matters
got any good horror movie
recommendations I want to get that into
the genre I want to get into the genre
my bad my bad I'm not much of a horror
movie guy I thought with my gallery 1014
714 haven't stand up and oh you didn't
even finish this question huh we can
finish this question goddammit you
finish it do you have any war
recommendations because I'm not a Whore
guy my favorite horror movies are all
horror comedies I would I would put down
like Evil Dead 2 gremlins critters
gremlins is a great horror movie
second-rate gremlins critters - where
they grow into a giant ball and eat cows
hmm yeah I guess chess is a collection
gets his dawn of the dead yeah done
that's pretty good
there were the Romero trilogy before he
made the bad ones you get you got your
night the Living Dead and what does he
know it's classic dawn of dead is
fucking great I rather enjoyed the evil
bed Oh chance mentioning the fly
first of all well but see here's the
thing the fly is Cronenberg hora yep
he's talking about getting into the
genre and then do you want to start with
the fly sure why not why not it's it's
it's I don't think it works that way
it's just a good movie and you watch a
good movie and you would enjoy it the
fly is great the thing is great which
I've never seen you've never seen the
thing that sounds depressing it is it
sounds absolutely depressing and buckin
grave I don't need that I need that in
my life and I love I love John Carpenter
yeah and I love pretty much all of the
John Carpenter movies that have started
Kurt Russell yeah
anyway I don't like anybody is liking
this game I'm gonna play one more level
because there's something that we keep
forgetting so I'm going to play one more
level while rich tells a story well I
tell a story yes you we have yet to say
Oh in my notebook your your interview
your you know you don't want to build it
up too much this is amusing story but
it's not the end-all be-all it's no I
just you know an excuse to tell story
I'm just gonna buy another weapon here
and play one more level
oh well as you as you probably know chat
me and Jack had the the the interview
with the XCOM devs and we'd never done
an interview before and I was little bit
nervous vibe beforehand and the the
night before the interview I had a
nightmare and you know it's a big cuz
like also XCOM is a game that you love
yeah we're talking to people that made
it it was the first time we've ever done
an interview we we were hooking it up
through Skype we didn't you know didn't
know if it was gonna work
so I get here for the interview and you
know we're super sweet right we're
trying to set up the interview of we're
having audio problems right off the bat
we couldn't get the audio tour not be
staticky crap in fact the only way that
I could hear the audio which for some
reason we're getting audio through like
the microphone so in order to hear what
they're saying I had to hold the
microphone into my ear and it was like
staticky I could barely make it out it
yeah what yeah okay and then you know
this is time for the actual interview to
start start recording and I couldn't
find I couldn't find our questions
because we talked about questions
beforehand and I'm looking for the paper
that has questions and where's where's
the where's the questions and I'm going
through the questions oh my god I can't
I can't find him there's all these
papers and suddenly this you know we
only had like sheets paper in the room
but suddenly this just like paper
everywhere I'm going through words that
I can't find that which one's got the
the questions in it and then and then
like time as time is ticking time to
second the Dead is just sitting there
and it's like awkward awkward me with a
microphone in my ear like
shit oh god oh god and then eventually I
just like fuck it
I'm gonna I don't need the questions I'm
just gonna win I'm just gonna ask him a
question why I ask a question so what
was it you know what's it like
developing a sequel to a popular game
and and the response from the XCOM devs
and my nightmare was hey I just hit some
buttons Oh everything that could have
gone wrong I just love my favorite part
of that is the visual of you holding a
microphone 11 yes to your ear while like
shuffling through paper I think that's
beautiful that is just beautiful
just beautiful rage
I missed your donation questions Jack
maybe I did because I'm weird oh there's
a scroll thing
anonymous says have you guys played
rodent it's not like this game
but what turn-based ninja moves half nun
I say I have not even heard of it I have
not even heard oh wait no that's uh
that's a samurai without a master
nevermind the matter and I'm distracted
looking for this
suppose we lost donation question that
I'm not seeing unless it's old or lot
further down oh yeah you know like this
definitely has like a look and a feel of
a lot of other games the deadbolt this
is a jack you should play the Vita game
soul sacrifice Delta to be back into
them miss yours - Lord Velma I'm
honestly unless you're showing up as
anonymous I don't think I'm just I don't
think I'm seeing them even yeah here you
rich dozen I don't know thing doesn't
know things or stuff all right you guys
just fuckin with us now
have you guys played Ronin you're an
American goddammit Jack and Rachel is
the most memorable moment of your
childhood yeah we've read all of these
if it's possible that uh you know what
i'll do a lunar arc on and i will film
on i will shut down the tipalert ER and
restart it in case it needs to recoup
you late we can Bobby we can be both
nope still coming up as those those are
the last ones we have I'm very sorry
there's Nick Nevinger Jay seemed to
enjoy playing outlast a while back do
you guys think you'd be able to convince
him to come back for another Halloween
stream to play amnesia well I think we'd
just be able to come back for Halloween
Jay comes whenever he is able to come he
will play games when he feels like
playing games Jim this is the thing you
know I know we get these quite we these
types of questions a lot about both Jay
and Mike Mike would love this game
Jay would love this game answer your
question Mike would not love this game
Mike whatever game it is Mike would not
love this game Mike and Jay are not
gamers they will not invest their time
into playing anything yeah you know why
they're not gamers they don't they don't
enjoy playing games I've had you know
like I've had Jay over a bunch and he
has played a bunch of board games with
us but I think that's more about the
social aspect yeah and it is about the
board game also if I just said hey Jay
come over and let's drink beer he would
just do that so Jake would rather make
like a gory monster prop yeah exactly
rather cover something with fake blood
and throw it at a wall and film it he'd
rather watch a movie he'd rather edit
stuff so it's like that's that's the
thing about Jay and Mike I I agree by
the way and I know it's frustrating as
gamers you want to share these wonderful
experience with as many people as
possible possible but I'm barking up the
wrong tree
can up the wrong tree boardgames yeah
yeah I've played a bunch of board names
with Jay and he's gotten and and has
enjoyed himself but again I think that's
more about the social aspect when we
have who is Jake rich talks funny
sometimes you guys know that so in any
who it's the answer's no it's just
probably not gonna happen man Jake I had
a nightmare I made a short film with
Jack and we were shooting outside and
freezing weather and Jack had his shirt
off what hey we did make that film it
was freezing and my shirt was off I got
my DVD by the way Jake Thanks thanks for
sending it I was in I was in a short a
student film called space cadets and it
was very cold then I had to take my
shirt off I'm sorry because they want to
see this rocking bod you guys seem the
masterpiece that has gods of Egypt I'm
sure I'll see it once it's once it's up
video wasn't son DVD nothing comes out
in video anymore it's gonna gods of
Egypt is gonna come out on VHS do you
know what that probably will be just
high watch I find another thing to play
harder why don't what he want to do here
we don't know mystery in a couple hours
we started late we did we should get
another game I don't know I don't know
if we should do more police quest or
something else though how much can we
okay if you're not in the mood then
we'll find it something else to play it
would be better if I were in the mood I
mean I can force it I'm gonna just a
jibber kind of this is this is more time
in the mood for it right now just
talking then we can jibber then we can
jibber away I mean if we want I can hook
up my Pokemon machine if you want to and
we could you know I guess this is my
question to you rich is do you feel like
playing or do you feel like
gibbering okay some people are asking
for FTL I can never I can never top the
last FTL stream that is that is now
impossible loner Archon says I'm
donating again Jack if a client asked
you to make a series requiring the use
of an audible laugh track three times
per episode how would you make it and
what kind of show would it be requiring
me to use an audible laugh track I what
I would probably do is try to make like
a very serious drama I'm just gonna say
the same thing and and then and then
someone at 3 and 3 points during the
very serious drama someone would make
the worst pun imagine wouldn't you
wouldn't you just do it though when like
I'm sorry your mother's dying yeah
oh really oh no like like I would do it
where it's like your mother's dying up
in a horrible car accident I'm so sorry
well she was driving me crazy
you know just like the worst pun
imaginable then you get the then you get
the laugh track when I streamed that
when I was playing said I'm your mom
time where's that saved Etta Oh was that
was that on my laptop it was in your
laptop you're not this laptop
unfortunately oh you mean the mega punch
the mega punch the mega punch save might
be on my lab check here check your files
I know I know that wasn't on my PC yeah
then then it was on my laptop which I
don't have with me okay that would be
worth continuing because that's just me
doing this I won't even look at the
screen I'll just talk I'll move your
character and then when you battle you
just press the one yeah
well we will continue that we have at
some point though I guess you just get
your 30s and just regular Pokemon you
can show off your mule that you caught
off off stream my glitch EMU yeah no
okay I'm gonna do that in your
automotive you know I brought it's in my
bag here I'm just going to update the
stream really quick okay Pokemon that's
a little too close to wedlock okay
remove game so many Pokemon game the
last FTL room the last FTL run I uh I
had a secret de stream I hadn't off off
night stream Bob said Monday right yeah
surprised me too I didn't know your text
until I was a little bit celebratory I
now have a new car I'm no I'm now
driving again yeah I'm now able to get
here with the PC on my own yeah and I
you know I came in that night whatever I
was stream tonight yeah and I did an FTL
no pause run amazing I figured it was
doomed
yeah there's no way no way I was gonna
win and so you know I picked ship and
name people after the crew members and
then they came time to name the ship do
run what do you wanna name the ship
somebody suggested doomed the doom
that's pretty good and something else
like altered that a bit and said well
all the Damned and like oh yeah I had a
no pause run with a ship called the
damned nice and I kicked
FTL's fucking ass without pausing at
least during the combat like every time
I alt tabbed it would to change
something obscure pause but and I said
you know I'm gonna name my car whatever
we name the ships my car is no name the
damn I love it yeah okay yeah yeah you
get your pokeyman
I can't I can't stop playing Pokemon yes
I'm sorry taco salad Tuesdays I had a
full crew and I ran into the chance to
get a azole time Taco Tuesdays for the
human and they didn't have like a level
of a piloting they didn't have levelled
up weapons or engines no hey I kicked
him out of the airlock technically
technically we let him off with a space
station
he went off he had a very nice severance
package yeah okay yeah all right can you
go to your probe well first you should
quit back the deadbolt little ABS don't
go to ABS go to all the programs for
Grammys all programs and this computer
yeah I remember I had you downloaded oh
yeah yeah yeah you can't set it up just
for this I just have to remember what
it's called now it's probably a program
let's go to Program Files yeah go to
program files mr. Rago sure watch we're
gonna just find out like viewer or like
something 3ds
oh wait last night we must not have put
it in there okay I do hey MA
did we just put it on we wouldn't say
put that on your desktop what are we
what do we
we'll find it it's not envelope my porn
did you put it in the twitch streaming
no don't remember when it's called go to
search programs and files and just type
in 3ds you were about to type it on the
laptop you're adorable
I don't think it's got three - yes name
well shit rich
all right those last donation we've read
here we've read the out last one mmm
when our chances and I apologize that
this one got read my brain doesn't work
sometimes well our con says I'm donating
again Jack if client asks you to make a
series we did that we do that oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah why I you know I
didn't read the whole thing before I
started oh sure also Lauren says rich
would you stream an FTL hard mode also
I'm considering donating wwe2k16 for
when Josh comes back to the stream would
that be acceptable that would be
acceptable that would be acceptable yes
as far as FTL hard road maybe someday I
mean I haven't done yeah cuz I didn't
feel like getting my ass kicked
normals normals still plenty fucking
hard mm-hmm I guess it's the only way to
go what you doing no pause runs on
normal mm-hmm anonymous says any chance
you'll play Smash Brothers sometimes the
new one or n64 one I have zero interest
in the series but I know for a fact that
Jack loves him some Smash Brothers it's
not out of the question I'm certainly
not going to initiate it though rich is
too chicken for hard mode FTL yes so
what
it's not telling me what the name of the
program is you know for fuck's sake
right give me your mouse I'm gonna root
around in your computer for a little bit
my god it's gonna find all the porns I'm
just gonna find all the porns would we
put it in here maybe don't go into the
folder labeled double D those returns
don't go under the folder level blue
waffle just don't go there nice rich
Hojo separate offices you two are the
saviors of twitch thank you that's thank
you I don't believe you it's true it's
absolutely true absolutely true it's
absolutely true this is happening
what's this hey rich you probably
discussed this already but with Indy
five lucky it's likely taking place in
the early 1960s the only plot to
properly make up for crystal skulls
misfires is to fittingly end the series
with Ford as the lead stead of Indy face
off against fugitive Nazis in South
America no they've they've milked the
Nazis to death I I don't I don't know
that Indiana Jones has to exclusively be
a Nazi fighter right there are more
ships on temple of doom but it's a fine
movie it's a fine movie I mean it's no
it's no Ark but it's a fine movie
that
thanks lunar ark on our John
yeah do you like any movies that aren't
just pure entertainment just dark City I
would say is food for your brain trying
to understand what he means by that is
there something I was just not dumb but
I mean anything that you like isn't that
by definition entertaining Ryan right
you know my favorite Star Trek movie is
probably Star Trek the motion picture
and that's that's the boring one that
really emits probably tied with Wrath of
Khan right I'm a graphic on it
ratha Khan is the great one rich I like
I like I like the motion picture they
discover a nun don't think it's it's
it's pure Star Trek it just know the
whole thing is discovery and not could
you could you it just needs some editing
okay edit out the half hour this is fine
surprise porn it's fine I'm with you it
just needs some goddamn editing what the
hell did you do with this are you sure
we can install this I am 100% sure
remember we had to go through like all
the drivers that's the one who forgot
what it was called
you know it's just you had me install a
driver or something that's not
necessarily a program you sure it won't
just run it's plugged in now yeah it's a
program where's your download you might
have just had me put in some kind of
driver I don't think I remember a
program yeah totally a program there's
so much shit in there and you're never
going to find it I never I've never
cleared out I forgot to downloads folder
oh my god I see that there's a shit ton
of stuff in here but there might be what
I'm looking for
even capture setup that's that's
probably not it right now uh-uh
ooh-hoo ding-dang why don't to bring
back who sang okay so back-up plan
back-up plan what's the back-up plan
jack Josh shit
I saw them make you want to fire up the
wrestling game you won't wrestle why not
what about anything I don't even give a
shit that'll probably take a while
download we're gonna accept your gift
loner our John thank you for rasslin
okay we need a game
I saw them say down well do you have
down well no huh I don't know we're down
Willis I saw them say it type that in
type in down well there ah boom buck 50
playing down fuckin walking simulator or
is it a game Oh what is it okay it looks
like a game it looks like a game we're
gonna play down once neat it's half off
right now it's a buck fifty we're gonna
play
