Episode 090
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 8)
May 12, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qS-TvaxV-Is
___________________________________________

we know it says for streaming usually
the check us mounts usually usually you
guys say something
oh hello it's nobody gives you shit
today nobody gives you shit the name
apparently not or we're not streaming
even though OBS says we are
I think everyone's too worried about the
Batman vs Superman movie I really
thought that came out last weekend it's
just like a like a huge delay I guess
there could be a huge way Elson oh there
is a huge delay look now yeah yeah huge
delay what what is it going on with
twitch they're changing a server or
something because Amazon bought twitch
yeah a while ago and now twitch is
switching over their servers to the
Amazon servers yeah and so we we have to
update our chatty which we use chatty to
keep track of your chat while we stream
and we have unfortunately with the
watcher beefcakes twitter is not
functional so some of the mods will have
to keep track of our subscribers and
also apparently there is a huge lag
between when we say stuff and when it
goes live so well ladies we're streaming
oh shit one more thing to do as long as
you're out of the game is turned down
the OBS volume in the mixer that sub did
not show up by the way okay Eric luxury
great the subject and and beefcake knows
about the problem beefcake who's gonna
work on it for us but he said it won't
be ready you need to mix her yeah yeah I
clicked on the wrong thing that I don't
that happens occasionally I didn't know
I was making sure so beefcake said he's
gonna work on it for Wednesday obviously
it's just a nice thing you've made for
us so no rush beef cake but got to him
at him aside right I've got pen and
paper ready for the subs oh thank you
beefcake we really really appreciate
that
so everybody women we get up the
copyright protection thing
one moment
Kriegers
783 thank you for subscribing I'm going
up we're gonna get him no beefcake is
writing them down for us
well if I can get some as we're going
that helps I say suppose you're right
but it's like them words that the first
I'd I know I don't know that I think
that was the first I there could have
been another one I don't I just don't
eighteen months in a row
Krieger seven eight three okay and
favorite customer thank you for
subscribing oh oh shit where's all my
police question oh you're missing tabs
this is it that hard a person this is
really hard
beer Meister 2089 that looks like an a
the zeros in the AIDS they were there
very close thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
I'm a terrible detective your eyes and
what twenty eight twenty eight twenty
eighteen twenty eight I was right
alright okay hold on where was it that's
fine
where was I let's see if the check even
with a huge delay let's see if the chat
can be jacked to the copyright
protection on this blonde dude here keep
my eye out can you be jack even with the
comically large delay oh oh I got it I
got it
a beer Meister 2018 you don't have to
apologize it's the font on Shetty that
has to apologize your neighbors your
name wait I thought I had it looking
looking at the monitor from over here
and and DOSBox really fucks with the
dual monitor so I don't have chatty font
does not as large as I would like it on
the side of
mmm it's hard to tell the difference
with my old man eyes alright somebody
saying Gutierrez sure I want chanting
someone else that you had to confirm
that before I click on it cuz it's wrong
as we know if I'm wrong
oh here it is oh I got it what is it who
is it blond guy deke deke somebody else
somebody did get it think that was a
dick earlier but it was so early I
thought there's no way I found it I
found it
it took me way too long to find that I'm
really sorry yeah she can't you one day
IC ke y di c ke one deke good work good
work chats up no that's true that's true
no that's true and good work jack
I found it eventually and I have the
manual Holden oh we're at the start of a
new day are the start of a new who
remembers what happened yeah yeah
anonymous wants to know does this cost
money real money I need to talk to my
financial adviser about this
something-something hack frauds well
thank you anonymous thank you Oh bother
rich said thank you chant thank you Oh
bother
well I'd scrolled up I didn't notice who
said Oh deke first thank you it will
bother Oh and rich you got all tab again
why Jack so you can move our face cam to
the right side of the screen right
because it's in the way that's fine
people can that's fine that's fine then
people can't see you like thank you
should we make a small well if you would
do what you want to do rich Omega small
earth text boxes text boxes are even
more visible be tiny
Ratman smash puny Superman I just do you
bleed like an all weekend oh go Batman
towards make Angry so you might notice
that we don't have the compressor
because the hiss nose was a little too
much so you know your ears might be
bleeding I really thought that came out
this weekend for some reason I had it in
my head that it came out the same
weekend as daredevil and so all all
weekend I'm like checking the news to
see like how well it's doing at the box
office I was like wow it must be tanking
I'm not hearing any news on it one of
Justice it must it must really be
tanking Dan so I can't make jokes
because I don't have a compressor round
that's just fucking peachy if you're
gonna yell rich just lean back here no
no like so here's what you do so like I
won't think to do that and knock into it
and then if you yell you yell appear a
way for the microphone I'm always loud
wonder I just keep the mic a little bit
full sure or that or that sounds bad but
I go bad smash and dreamer TK you might
have told me that it came out next
weekend instead of this weekend or
whatever but I forgot and all weekend I
can check my phone there might not be a
stream Wednesday oh yeah heads up if it
might come out on Wednesday and there
might not be a stream or there might be
just a solo stream because no matter
what at least one of us is gonna have to
go see it right away
exit rich can't it not be live that's
true
do you have your keys
yeah the first thing I did great great
all right here we go
new planket review does not come out
tomorrow but a previously recorded comes
out tomorrow oh well I will be done
editing the episode tonight / tomorrow
morning and and that'll go up tomorrow
our new prereq which I'm excited about
it's a good conversation and it's
another it's another like short and
tight one like like super like like like
Firewatch if you see Batman vs Superman
Wednesday does rich want to postpone V
the miniseries a week more I'm not sure
no no it's fine it's fine
Thursday I'll be fine all right
I got my gun and got my ammo for my gun
okay great what are we doing now I
forgot like we're just weird eight weird
eh - okay
hey yak what do you think of the new car
that rich got please express your
thoughts on both the make and model and
license plate number I have not written
in it yet it's just a practical car it's
just a car or truck or minivan I'm Jesus
oh you even let them know that yeah
that's going out and limb they're right
hey bunch we have a traffic cop standing
by down the old warehouse district
well what did seven victim they called
one eight seven on a motherfucking cop
look old warehouse district old
warehouse district let you come in the
back of the head oh no Sonny
your dress is 160 West Rose take
anything home blur boom let's go
no ever gonna know I got no tea no quick
note on my notebook
I was in again I forget somewhere
somewhere I didn't write it down
now I don't know where to go oh wait we
already have 160 West Road has written
down I think we started this and then we
stopped okay
shortly after oh and I have I have pixel
to tits address as well nice nice
yeah yeah what get on the trolley Jack
what No
uh oh you you you go ahead that pod now
I'll be right out I'm gonna I'm gonna
stay back here and do nothing suspicious
at all I won't be I won't be doing
anything I gotta I gotta call the wife
make them a meatloaf sandwich okay great
come axion if if I do a solo stream on
Wednesday I will be playing sultan
sanctuary it it looks fun
the
art-style looks like it was drawn by a
seven-year-old though I don't know like
it looks like an incredibly ugly game I
watched a video of it I was like hey I'm
excited to play it I bought it so I got
I bought it but so if I do a solo stream
on Wednesday and I only assume I will be
because rich will be seeing a movie
wrong car I will play that on Wednesday
that's my plan
most viable time bonds
what no neither of us have played
starter Valiant I haven't I'm going to
shortly hmm I played it a little bit
actually
I started it I found out something
interesting about stardew valley yes
made entirely by one person really yes
and you can tell they're not an artist
okay some way some of the sprites are
just just hideous just hideous that's
that's fine it's fine it's fine
and the the village itself looks like a
kind of cluttered mess but people seem
to be enjoying it everybody's playing it
purple space bazooka says hey guys would
you be interested in some ps4 games and
a DVD boxset of the wire yeah sure why
not give me yeah no I don't want things
free things I hate free things also you
can skip the division that burn through
it in a weekend it was nothing special
thanks and lol fuck my cock we were
planning on skipping the division anyway
it does not look like our thing but if
you have extra ps4 games send them we're
always looking to be fair Dragon's Dogma
looks awful generic and while it is
awful generic it was still fun so fun
that's true you know what rich you're
right that's why you always even even if
you don't think it's gonna be your thing
you got to give it a chance if you don't
have to you should you don't have to
give it because then you're giving every
literally every everything everything a
chance all the time you'll you'll spend
24 hours a day the rest of your life
just playing random games you know 99%
of which you hate yep yeah but you gotta
give it a try
you gotta give it a try rich so you
don't always always gotta give it a try
would we be interested in 25 free copies
of the order 1886 yes we could find
really fun ways to destroy them yeah
actually we could do that we could we
could make a a weekly video series in
which every week for 25 weeks we find a
new way to destroy the order 1886 that's
not bad that's not bad
so if you have 25 copies of the order
1886 or just a copy that you're looking
to get destroyed in a special way send
it our way we'll find a new way to
destroy it comin coming this fall
in any case purple space bazooka I don't
know I mean about the wire but the ps4
games sure and if you have the wire you
know people like the wire what was
Murray's address I don't know if it'll
let us but I'm just curious - - - West
peach yeah I'm sure there's nothing to
worry about so let's not waste any more
time thanks is all look cut off weird
yeah okay dispatch five three Mary two
is ten eight from the office Roger
coffees from the office it's letting us
drive there oh no we're gonna we're in a
fuck of the game or what we're doing
something it doesn't want us to do oh
whoa we're going to peach yeah yeah it's
like it's driver let's find out let's
find out what happens after yesterday I
was hoping for a slow day hole yeah - me
too - - to West Beach Street you're
giving it your all with this with this
dialog but you know what you're all the
dispatch back and forth is the most
boring dialogue you got it you got
that's why you got a wacky it up you
have the power to impro improvise sure I
have the power
the princess said constructed by Oscar
Cato incorporated this track was
completed back in January 1978 three
days before the Dallas Cowboys defeated
the Denver Broncos by a score of 27 to
10 in Super Bowl XII 12 for the laban I
know all of the football because you're
a man there is a note pinned to the door
look at note take it off the door first
I should take the door of the note off
the door before I could maybe it's
folded up get note good note
is he gonna Chad me it's telling me it's
the letter and I have to call it a
letter it's a flashback what happened to
the other time take the note off the
door read note the note says I've gotten
read note the note says dear Sonny God
shopping love Murray open this is
Murray's house door is lack you can kick
down door rifle through underwear drawer
fortunately I know there is a spare key
hidden above the door I get the key
unlock the door and replace the key I'm
horrible oh we're skipping ahead I'm
gonna go back the appearance of Murray's
living room speaks for itself
my heart sinks in my head studs oh she
got kidnapped she's obviously been
kidding she's kidnapped Oh Murray I
think what is the maniac done to you all
right we're going back we're going back
I'm not you don't like that you know I'm
skipping no no all right drive - what
was the actual place we have to go 160
west of Rose Ridge Mall Tamar I'm you
know I like the games I like I dislike
the games I dislike I and I cannot help
it you
the regu Altima was saying I'm not sure
which I like more when you guys dislike
a game that general audience is like
like alien or when you like a game that
general audience is dislike like
Firewatch dude general audiences dislike
Firewatch I think well sure we're split
on that but and I think everybody's foot
on our comments by the way the comments
on that episode are split 50/50 half the
people are like yeah I'm with Jack that
games really fun and half the people are
like with rich and saying what's wrong
with you Jack that game is bullshit half
50-50 split just like we are we are
representative of all the though
Internet
Jack and you just agree with my opinion
all the time please I will try just this
guy you know it's who always agree with
your opinion
don't don't about things you don't like
says favorite customer yeah that's good
advice
to be fair Jack got majority screen time
in that episode I don't think so well
it's about the time Asadi I try to make
it even in my editing and there's a guy
with a blood dripping from the tank he
says oh the door was I is that a lock
that one of the keys on the side I said
I'll uh I'll uh staring a barber man I
took at the keys and open the trunk and
that's when I found on the manor with a
hornet of his hand
oh no this car is that is a registered
or woody Roberts O'Connor the Cardinal
are you gonna take Oliver to this
amazing Sonny I never I wash my hands if
I have to go make up like a pasta I
could make a pasta my family people good
yes like I call it a copper pasta I make
little badges and a gooey just like a
mummy I don't go back on the pizza pie
it's nice you have to say oh sure Keith
I'll search the cast on you can examine
the trunk
you guys wanna I see the blood coming
out keep-keep gonna do something no I'm
from a pretty useless detective I'm I'm
more here just to really just to make
you I'm lucky a wingman some people be
like how's that Sonny Bonzo he's a great
detective
oh yeah that's all to work I just float
along with you really I'm just here to
be a bullet sponge or a red herring
everyone thinks I'm bad
you're writing the cream all the way to
the top that's what looking over this
scene in this rundown area of Lydon I
see officer Mario Gallucci and a goblin
it's trunk open great dr. Mario a nice
non stereotypical Italian name it's all
about knows it at all days I put the
like it's Saturday why are you a racist
step oh my god a racist stereotype you
will not need to use the word racist in
this game very positive message but it's
completely unrealistic we're talking
about the police can't we learn a lesson
from this game we don't need to use the
word racist again guy the victims guy
there's no obvious clues I suspect that
the murderer the murder was committed
elsewhere yeah looking trunk yes I'm
gonna get my kid fist oh yeah
open trunk get kid closed trunk use
powder on car wash open the kit first
open kid not that's right one finger
pointing at someone else is three
fingers pointing back at you
gainfully I apply the fingerprint powder
and not wig processing okay now with
probably this is this is fucking
fingerprint powder powder does that ever
come into use Tiberius Kirk says on the
compressor could be an impedance mitchum
mismatch the compressor is not sending
enough signal to match the zoom nice
yeah if I do it in this screen that
could be I try to I tried to fiddling
with a bunch of settings on the
compressor and it didn't seem to how I
work but I also tried like you know
turned phantom power off on the zoom
turn the compressor off on the channel
on the zoom and nothing really seemed to
be working I will figure it out and it
might just be a bum compressor
no actually the input gain is set to
negative input gain is set to negative
ten and if I turn it down anymore I'll
need to turn it up on the zoom and we
have the exact same problem that hiss is
just there can you write down the
license plate number California to be CW
- five six - B C W - five six California
and this is a green it's green with a
dead guy in it green car okay great
looks like he took a bullet the head
there are no other obvious wounds check
vitals um how's it phrased in the manual
like like oh yeah yeah yeah we we have
there is a very specific procedure but
first oh actually we have a couple tips
sorry I missed an anonymous earlier says
hey are you guys going to e3 this year
time to write you know what not only are
we not going to e3 we're probably not
gonna do a video or anything because
those are always it awful they're just
awful we sit in like for six hours and
watch all the conferences and it's
terrible time
thanks Tiberius Kirk I will read that
later also gruff McMillan area and now
for another gritty episode of prereq PD
starring rich Evans as sergeant Anthony
Bologna Bologna sergeant Anthony Bologna
known by the punks of Lytton as Tony
baloney
okay I like it I like a crop okay anyway
to the manual where I got to do to this
corpse I will tell you in a moment
we should do three games and start with
the letter e ah
III I'm not a terrible idea not a
terrible idea
oh I had a I have a fun idea maybe I
can't say soak up to you people but I'll
tell rich later you know what we'll give
a special advance to anybody who can
lip-read what what's the
you
okay
where the game go what here okay there
okay let's see here
oh that's right we are looking on Jack
has an idea it's a lot a baboon drive a
tank no I think we're wasting time the
karna is arriving Sonny oh well there's
no I felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms homicide investigation
okay I'm going to I'm gonna load a save
so we can do things we might oh all
right fine thanks what's a did you the
last one I have drive to the 160 West
something goddamnit a region that's fine
it's fine
West Rose
I say the racist things I up a bar but
yabba-doo it's uh yabba-dabba-doo okay
I'm gonna not help that's me I'm gonna
go to the front seat here smoke
cigarettes I'm gonna get drunk all right
they were caught up already that's where
you gonna scratch my balls okay so one
thing you should do is check for vital
signs once you get there okay
if doubtful treat the victim as alive
okay
check vital signs the man has no pulse
no breath shows no signs of having and
shows signs of having been dead for
several hours okay now we gather
evidence search the surrounding area
recognize out of place unusual or
damaged items take photos as soon as
possible
take photos yeah I take pictures of a
murder scene and return the camera to
the get dust for prints prior to
handling an object worth trying okay
collect appropriate samples Serge body
searching thoroughly I find it a quarter
of an envelope clutched in the victims
left hand powder envelope yep
yes carefully I have no word processing
that's right okay it's fucking worthless
why do I carry this shit with me so
sorry if I need powder I shouldn't use
cocaine because at least I can snort
that get some kind of fucking USANA then
you put the envelope in a bag gathered a
and the the envelope thing can you do
the thing get envelope
look at hand yeah why won't you let me
get the fucking envelope collect
appropriate samples I look at the blood
and I don't feel squeamish at all
because you're a man
damn straight news dropper I use the
eyedropper to draw up some of the
victim's blood nice turn the dropper to
the kit and add the vial of blood to my
inventory of evidence get note get
letter you already took it
good thing you can't get that you can't
get that rich no thank you what do I
have okay
can you put envelope in bag here open
victims hand is that something you can
say you have no reason to do that open
hand not sure what I'm not sure why you
would want to open the victims hand
because he has something in it
horrible dick I see what appears to be
powder burns around the wound indicating
the gun was very close to the victim's
head okay okay
get the fucking envelope you can't get
that
why not the good game we try to open
hand and it didn't work right just you
just said open hand use fingerprint use
powder on envelope let's try that again
why not use powder on envelope not work
process okay they say type exactly this
take envelope you can't get nothing okay
um you get the envelope in your next
location they're saying how stupid is
that
that's that's pretty stupid we should be
collecting that as evidence putting it
in the baggie
well you got the eyedropper right you
got the you took pictures Yeah right and
then we just call the corner there's a
dead person in the trunk
great all right plastic baggie there's
nothing I put the cam in the baggie they
use the camera well it's like you should
put it like put envelope in baggie just
in case
I don't know how I feel about the Chad
reading like guides and something's oh
is that what that's yeah hey hey Chad so
they can feel about that we don't have
tweezers because movies do urgent why is
this why is this better than point and
clicking because point and click it's
just that's fun I'm solving I'm solving
the puzzle here you have to use a
different part of your brain and it's
very yeah like like remember that that
puzzle with a locker finding the locker
combination
turnover card mm-hmm how do you do that
to point-and-click where you're we're
weird we're actually using your head to
do that not just clicking that thing
it'll something happens Oh what if I
turn the card over you have to use your
brain to think outside of the box and
that's what this has over a point and
click the the downside to games like
this is sometimes the logic is very yes
yes there is a downside yes I'll take
I'll take the pros with the cons I'm
with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm
going to assume that's all we can do
then probably safe yeah
oh sorry oh hey here comes the meat
wagon yeah but if the grocer by
assigning how's it with the person gonna
do that do another is really you gotta
send the vino-antica where is this body
I don't see nobody
yeah let me guess
the drunk of course where else would it
be
I've I've been drinking just get the
body out of the trunk I know I hate you
I've had the most yes very bomb
definitely looks like the fusion how the
fuck did you get this job Jerry I
I have dirty pictures of the
commissioner you need me that Irish up
your coffee hour over the body as soon
as your yes I'm done I think I'm done oh
well this is a is heavy man it hurts
just not into this one Jack I'm being a
drunk guy okay okay I don't like my
drunk guy boy yeah you're drunk guy
doesn't care what's going on your
dispatch voice he just did he'll care I
was I was the dispatch voice was me not
carrying this was the the drunk that I
was in character race all right he was
that has fair enough office to go
Meredith officer Eagle epsy and the
quarter struggled and carried the victim
into the back of the coroner's vehicle
lies
I had dig up a date wait so I couldn't
get the envelope oh do we maybe we can
go to the coroner's office later
hold on search trick maybe it's just
lying in there now oh sure Oh find a
note which had been hidden by the way
body powder first yep powder powder note
open kit powder nodes use powder on no
gainfully I applied never precedent if
hold on if we never have to use that
powder mr. anonymous once once asked us
if we can read some more 101 wacky kid
jokes not at the not at this time let's
see here the note I found beneath
Woody's buddy iron is written you're a
dead man Sonny bunts oh no God
turn over notice anything on the back
but no tin bag
I have no reason I Drive why would I
wanted to put the evidence in a bag
which I would make any sense goddamn
game
and then do you find the subjects on me
yes that's a great I hope it helps to
catch you the Meritor and they want you
dead they don't care I have me really if
you die a job position opens up for my
family 15 children there's another matzo
balls a matzo balls wait that's a this
is Jewish that's a well yeah spaghetti
is so much forgetty
am i just immune to caffeine now it's
way after appropriate coffee Sam well I
plan on staying up a little later and
it's a small one I've reduced its it's
just a it's a small coffee of course you
haven't found any clues Keith cuz yet
Keith and you don't find clues
i I've been I've been up here scratching
my balls for five minutes haven't found
anything in the sack
Batman smash Batman it's bother
Badman like Wonder Woman we're gonna get
a Batman that's like like Frank Miller's
all-star batman and robin egg blue
really I'm just that's where the goddamn
Batman comes from the goddamn Batman I'm
the goddamn Batman it's a thing okay
ex comics twitch welcome to the chat
yeah you came in at a weird time you
came in at a weird time we were doing
Batman impressions and I'm sorry if you
came in at just that moment like oh I
want to watch someone play an old Sierra
text adventure game Batman it's BA
Jesus Christ what kind of game Chuck did
I get into a yeah ah Jesus Joe is this
Christ I am I'm the Batman Forever Bane
I'm like basically I'm just solomon
grundy at this point I'm Batman Solomon
Grundy
