Episode 093
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 10)
May 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kC0j6p9XYM
___________________________________________

okay here's a situation parents went
away on a week's vacation
I have hotter leads to follow
apparently I do okay fine I'll go to
burgeroo's okay boom okay I got mucho
paperwork to finish it's gonna be crazy
yeah we'll come here see you at the
office we're going to have a major party
alright here we go alright Chad I will
try read envelope I like that what do
you roars look at back at envelope
okay okay all right good should have
gone to Murray's next what do you think
we should do next we go talk to Burberry
should we go to Marie's well we skipped
ahead right we know we know some shit
went down Murray's so it's like no
matter what when we go to Murray's it's
gonna be all turned over right so
fucking talk to burglary we're here
right now let's do art let's if I didn't
know that Murray was kidnapped it would
be like let's do that thing you do yeah
absolutely
well we did it with a clue in the
lipstick right but you know a lot of
Dame's use the lipstick making them ups
or making them up huh see paint give man
evidence and you tell John who Kobe is
what who's Kobe you turn in Kobe's
business card and you tell John who Kobe
is what are the business cards here
did we write this down no are you just
going back look at oh look at the
different card okay
that's it yeah that's yours no what's
your entire look at Colby's Colby's
business card Colby down that nervous
Colby's imports four oh seven five five
five three three two three okay great
great great it's quite possible we've
missed points because you know you don't
need all 300 points to win the game
that's just like high score 20 points
are we at I want to see it say enough
they said we were just add we're at a
hundred and fifty out of 300 okay we
might have a ways to go oh yeah Colby
jack cheese it all adds up a wee and we
have no idea what the weird framing on
this police station is the only thing we
can guess is that if they frame it like
this they don't have to draw the entire
station but it's very very strange and
it's frame like that
don't look now but with rich looking at
evidence and Jack making notes they're
actually role-playing as cops just a
little bit that's the whole idea
I love that I love the idea of like a
certain game like making a player write
down notes like I used to do that back
in like NES days you know you have to
write down like the save codes ya know
or you know you have to like draw out
the Zelda map because like it didn't
come with a map so it's like okay I know
this is here and this is here you'd have
to hand draw it out it's great
you ever play the Who Framed Roger
Rabbit game of the Ness oh I did I do it
was not very good at it yeah but there
was a password to get in the door oh
yeah yeah
that wasn't like like a password like a
saved passwords I get like well it said
yes I'm like that you had to write that
down and remember yeah yeah it's fun in
certain games makes you get outside the
game opens oh yeah oh shit I'm breaking
this yeah you are
he just told me about the motel incident
yep good thing keith was there with you
go ahead and follow the procedures that
keeps a great cop
I know you're Keith work together a lot
you're not half the cop that Keith is
sunny I'm gonna give Kim the promotion
bust your ass down I've been thinking I
like what I see put one the murderer
victim wedding robbers testified against
Paige on his trial last year point to
Bob she also testified against Bates
last year oh no I what what okay what
three you alright no but we traffic
motel yes me this whole thing shit
buzzer for demo you just you just
noticed that he's not a bright Muppet
you boys better start digging we appear
to have Rachel baby oh come on hands
Oh
so I just got up and then not getting
back up I just got up for anyone who
didn't just get up it's time to stand up
time for the standings can you tell me
the phone number first you want to call
the number the phone number the phone
number is four zero seven four oh seven
that I was three four zero seven five
five five spec shock three three two
three hello this is detective bonds from
the Linton Police Department oh yes oh
hey there what do you want things here
isn't that going okay whoa big the
earlier I tell Kody about the weather
and Steelton that's not what I did it
all well I don't find that very
interesting but I'm hey I'm happy that
you're having weather
oh well I'm sorry dear mister but I
don't have time to chat with you dear
okay now I'm gonna hang up now have a
good one well that was that was
something that was weird you know okay
okay I wasn't in that last best where
was Jack I'm that best of the worst I
was not in it sometimes I'm not in the
best to the worst episodes I'm upset
that I wasn't in that one though because
it looked like a lot of fun
oh that's right we're supposed to talk
to burglary
why didn't they talk about the box I
think that was the whole purpose it's
like just to leave it there
oh we got the we got in contact with a
guy I think okay so it was moot point
okay point mode for a pop-up scooter
that dude bap suitable back tap do you
got a boo boo boo what what
Miami pistachio ice cream I was either
in Miami Miami well thanks
the f5 walls I missed me in best of the
worst - I do enjoy being on vessel worse
but not and every one of them oh and
Josh isn't in nearly as many as I am so
he's there yeah yeah we're just going to
burglary okay do it and go to burglary
look at Keith look at asshole feet up on
his desk smoking a cigarette
ah you know sometimes I just do have to
think about the case there bonds you go
ahead you go to burglary I'm gonna sit
here and you and just think about it for
a minute cuz you know sometimes that
helps just sitting and thinkin hmm
thinking about her
I am sandwich bonds I got an idea
my bonds ask about shotgun is that what
we're supposed to do no I suppose asks
about a different burglary thing right
there oh that's right
we just work Theresa uh-huh oh yes we
just once we some pawn shop burglary two
seconds sir to automatic with thousand
and ammunition as part of the police
officers outlets program I am a deaf
detective I get it I get it
not you can use the word pom in this
again
that wasn't a shotgun with a sign so
that was a 32 with the silencer two
shotguns a 32 and something else oh yes
oh and ammunition two shotguns a 32
automatic with science or an ammunition
so we got one shotgun accounted for
there's another shotgun and a 32 with a
silencer I don't know what else asked
this man I should have said I was Lou
Ferrigno isn't that why he talks that
with those because he's mostly deaf yeah
great great I'm deaf and that impression
offends me despite me not being able to
hear it um we're Baines aliases was it
Billy Cole I think so yeah bill Cole or
Billy Cole Oh Frank Sloane
Frank Sloane was an alien
Rick asked about Frank asked about
Jessie Jessie Haram hold on did you have
these written up
I have Frank written down I don't have
Jessie Jessie Hyrum okay he cool
banes okay and the recent one was cold
right William Cole bill Cole was bill
Cole that equals bonds to right there
are Baynes
yeah okay great wanna try that again
407 who's Marlee Matlin the deaf actress
oh she's not happy with me right now
thank you okay Frank
okay oh wait no no Frank
hello this is detective bonds from the
Litton Police Department
oh hey there what do you want now
calling me up at such an hour it's
almost 1:30 in the afternoon there ask
about Jessie Jessie Bane's has escaped
from the Linton jail you'd better be on
the lookout for him because he's been
getting rid of anyone who helped put him
behind buzz oh that's kind of hard to
believe I'm in Steelton though under the
witness protection program so I'm not
worried it's pretty nice up here I got
to go like oh he knows nothing he has to
know because the card tell about card no
he's done hung up I'm calling him back I
don't care him I got a point hop I can
do what I want you got a point
I want more points yeah one all right
yep well that works there you go
also yes not a very good witness
protection or program if they kept his
same phone number phone number was on
the card yeah but who was that guy I
could look him up in the computer if we
wanted to around at the computer I guess
I mean I just want to know who he was
pbbb peep
beep-beep-beep okay one of the passwords
pistachio my spelling that right I will
tell you in just one moment P is ta SCH
io next us tonight ice cream oh how long
director you they could have not done
this annoying good
Miami was the other one right yummy and
iced Korea ice cream not iced cream one
would ice cream like that like that whoa
whoa it's not a very detailed final
isn't for a man who was the Death Angel
no no it was not I know we're looking
for you
Julia South Jason Sally Jasper goofin
fucking it's fine
great let's go let's rock and roll let's
roll let's roll
so what's next
do we go to Maurice sure why not
fuck it
I wonder if Jay has seen the witch yet
as well I have not been updated on Jays
seeing of the witch
let's go to Maurice okay to to to West
peach gotta see my pixel tits I'm sure
there's nothing to worry about this
let's not waste any more time you know
I'm sure she hasn't been kidnapped in a
hug okay five three Mary to 1080 from
the office there we tried going to the
address we found on the envelope on the
tour I don't think it would let me I
could try again mismatched coppers
tonight from the over fear you're going
to see our pixel intense yes you you've
adapted to the square breasts I was
raised by them born from them I wasn't
five five six
look at him alone what I can't I guess I
probably again I got it five five five
six Oak five five five six oak just ok
just don't didn't say Oak Street Oak
Street you don't need to drive there you
have hot of leads to follow
I do you have hotter leads to follow
and we're going we're going to they're
going to Peach Street fucker married to
to to to West Peach Street apparently my
partner needs to get laid he needs to
wet his pet Willy ten for wedding his
Willy I am going to stay outside maybe
look through the window actually I was
kind of hoping you could come in
you know joy this flip it I'm more of a
watching the corner while smoking a
cigarette kind of guy yeah so do you
want to do that also hide in the closet
look through the window and what is
packed there's no door yeah we're gonna
read it a gern what I've gone shopping
yep it's Murray's living room speaks for
itself my heart sinks and my head starts
swimming Oh Murray what does that maniac
done with you trying to keep my
composure which I have at all times I
say to Keith okay Keith why don't you go
check out the back of the house I'll
look around here
should I get the kit yes yes you should
I'm just gonna kid you can still look
around the back of the house Oh fine
whatever
I'm good I'm gonna be quite honest with
you Sonny um I'm I'm scared and I'm just
gonna stay next to you okay I know I
should we should it would be more
efficient for our police work if we
split up but I just kind of need a hug
if you could have a hug for me I am
physically incapable of having a hug for
you girl if you could give a hug for me
to me okay I guess I'll leave I see a
lamp turned over on the floor and an
ashtray next to him look at lamp it'll
never work again ah barely Miri smokes
look at ashtray all right
in the ashtray I see a poultry bird
piece of paper oh yeah let's do it let's
do it
I know I know come on camon I pick up
the I pick it up but carefully unfolded
I read over the list of names
Roberts Wilkins Coby Barnes
oh my god it's a death list oh no oh I
did not mean that as soon as I said it I
knew that was the wrong thing to say
if this is a death list hopefully we can
solve this case before we turn into an
old man in jokes you know I love them
no summary oh I suppose Marie did
testify against him yeah okay where's
where's death list there's death list
merci merci nothing to myself as I
realize this is Baines hit list and now
that murderous scum bag has Marie oh no
well fuck I'm gonna have to pay for it
now pay for what you don't cousins
sweet sweet cousins taxes she does
really good at doing taxes so now you're
gonna have to pay for your tax way to
get my taxes done little fake potted
plant almost looks real no clues there
can't find them clues wait who's the
other name on that list
Colby Don Colby oh okay table this bear
the phone was on it look at fool look at
her old nose on the sofa with a cord
ripped from the wall oh no if I were to
sound the sofa with the cord ripped
involved oh I said the deep crevices of
the sofa and fine how about that a $2.00
bill I don't see many $2 bills around
really the credit kind of rare thanks
for keeping it light police question I
slipped the bill into my money clip I
mean it's probably stores you know I
mean in spite all the tragedy you just
got to be practical yeah $2.00 is $2.00
right I agree I agree
it's not even dusty I did this Murray's
a very good housekeeper yeah that's how
you knew there was something wrong turn
on TV sit on couch relax
the 19 inch Dinah view color poor Dinah
Dinah view 19 inch that's putting your
whore money to use you get yourself the
big TV the dine of you look at chair
nothing unusual any other clues and look
around okay look at struggle you got to
check everything every little thing
every little details about how
insignificant might be a thing what's
back there look it's nothing that a
kitchen you should go you should
probably go into the kitchen if you want
to look at the kitchen
rich there's signs of a struggle in
Marie's bathroom Marie is not here I
closed the door oh okay I guess I guess
there's nothing to investigate in there
oh I'm back oh wait oh all right all
right that's a kitchen I can't get into
it oh I can't get in here at all oh hey
I found the right pixel look around
somehow the middle of all the met in the
middle of all the mess the kitchen
remains tidy and neat Marie's a good
housekeeper not the best cook the
kitchen hasn't been used in 20 years and
a house is only 10 years old look at
kitchen
alright alright
why is there a kitchen here if there's
nothing I could do in the kitchen
it means I have seen you the kitchen
look in cabinets search cabinets no
clues there looking oven
I think that's an oven right in front of
you there is seven head no sorry you
spoon exact well it's fine it's fine
exactly you're asking the exact wrong
person world building yep it's world
building yeah people have kitchens in
their house take pictures you need to
take some pictures probably take some
pictures before you got the points that
no points for this basically worthless
just say like that's that should be like
your number one job is we want fresh
pictures of the crime scene right every
crime scene
I'm fiddling with this I need a fiddle
confirmed by Jack people have kitchens
in their house yes I know Keith Keith
what are you doing in the bedroom Keith
Keith is taking care of it keep taking
care of business taken care of in
abstract art by Sierra's very own
graphic Titus vu dust the note for
prints for the love of God what note
not worth processing nothing is oh shit
there we go Keith isn't done yet just a
few more minutes nope
oh hey looking closer at the note I
think this is definitely not Murray's
handwriting now dust note a wasted
effort
I don't think gone shopping is
underlined knowledge junkie I think
that's supposed to be the fold in the
paper the note was folded and on the
door so they're saying dust the list
that's almost certainly not going to
work
you do me okay someone is saying they
looked online and they're not gonna tell
us where don't tell us where but they
say the powder is definitely used at one
point in this game that's what they're
saying
use black light on Marie's bedroom Oh
God in the game not necessarily here
just somewhere in the game don't tell us
where cuz with that what when when we
can finally use the powder and obtain a
fingerprint and we're popping champagne
bottles up in here
we took a fingerprint that was
processing all right all right all right
all right that mean did you get
everything you should probably call it
in right yeah
look at the handwriting on the note we
already did that
Yeah right
fuck
like are you supposed to compare the
handwriting on the hit lists to that of
the note to make sure that you know that
it's Baines
maybe if is there a way to do that
just this guy you know says remember
that time rlm posted context lists
pictures of rich dying was that just
because there was nothing new to put on
the patreon or is that just one of
Mike's hobbies probably worth Mike's
hobbies
what do you mean pictures of me dying I
don't recall this that's the thing I'm
not a patreon so I don't I don't know
the stuff they put the patron for the
patrons compared lists you know we'll
try that that's hard
this is police quest two stars Barry
I would absolutely believe that posting
pictures that make it look like riches
died is one of Mike's hobbies back in
February I'm pretty sure rich posed for
them yeah Mike has always had a strange
fascination with me fascination slash
hate it's it's a no it's not a hate he
loves you in a very weird way that's
that's very true very weird way but I
mean that's just Mike he's a weird weird
guy Jack was always conspicuously absent
from the picture on patreon I have
nothing to do with the patreon just
nothing at all
I mean I'm friends with Mike I think
you're good or what is there anything
can you go down that hallway no no are
we just gonna say we're done here I mean
it looks like we're done here I'd ask
the chat I think we should do anything
else but they'll just check the answers
don't check it yeah no but josh is in
the rlm patreon pic what I'm gonna look
up the patreon thick
creating weird internet videos you know
what I don't actually think I've ever
like looked at this no the patreon
picture is like the empty set
I mean Josh might be in it they had a
they had a an amateur photo shoot you
guys had that photo shoot done for the
first best of the worst and I wasn't
there for that episode and we've never
had another photo shoot yeah
so I'm not any like any of the promo
pictures that they use for best of the
worst weird I'm not in any room just cuz
I wasn't there for the first episode of
best of the worst so it's weird it's
weird that you're not in the promotional
photos well I wasn't there I want so
weird we should probably get new ones
but that would require you know like
doing something or stuff you have lines
I'm not gonna tell you read them because
I know you despise the dispatch oh that
was a possible 207 kid no I'll bring
over the information thank you oh we
copied the two or seven kidnappers you
don't great well we'll get it back Sonny
you don't want we're gonna come what
kind of get it well good I mean and if
not everyone else has been dead but
there's gonna be plenty of fishing to
see you know what I'm saying no but some
of them I pressed into yeah I'm
listening I I'm not saying that I
disagree with your choice in in partners
but you know you could find a nice lady
who didn't take money for sucking dicks
if he didn't want to you know there you
go that's what you could do all right
okay
wouldn't want to leak patron only
content but here just this guy no it's
not working
be kept properly because it's patron
only content but don't worry about it
don't worry about it why did you guys do
promo photos for the release abassin it
was like I think like a friend of a
friend was a photographer and wanted to
take some photos and they took some
photos a good reason not to exactly and
you know there have been like their
there has been stuff written about best
of the worst and they've used the promo
yeah the promotional photos like getting
promotional photos is a really good idea
something to hand out easy right and I
just wasn't there and we've never redone
them we probably should redo them yeah
but again we are not we don't think like
that we just make stuff and put it out
there you know we don't think oh you
know it might be good for our brand in
our business if we have promotional
photos maybe we should put out some sort
of press friendly packet we don't think
like that we should do we should take
swimsuit photos for best/worst
absolutely
no we told Keith it was cool to smoking
in the car and Keith asked us if it was
okay to smoke Oh
what choice did we give him half cares
hello sunny you must be like really
scared me I mean my my we've been busy
haven't we oh that's Big John he was the
big dumb guy everybody's big dumb guy to
me we've been really busy man who's your
weight we have sorry here about me sunny
the employees of a solid lead nose time
bring it up bangs
while you were out I dug around the
files and came up with a list of folks
who testified against brains yeah hadar
what are you Robert Todd call me Murray
Wilkins and Sonny bonds Oh hmm everyone
on this list testified against Baynes
and now whether or not only the dead or
missing except you and call me why I
can't Mike I got nothing I just got
nothing I don't know what to do
I guess you fucked I guess you should
probably talk to yourself and see if you
have any leads because there's no one
else we could talk to question is Sonny
will go after you or Kobe next the
evidence see at page no no we're cool
beers oh Jesus Christ
we know this we knew that five minutes
ago captain I'm I'm so far ahead of you
that it's it's kind of a joke it's it's
a fucking joke I mean I personally I
personally got on the phone and I called
Don Kobe five hours ago
five hours ago you know what he told me
to fuck off the man told me he was he
was too bored to talk to me I told him
there's a there's a killer on the loose
and he wants to murder you and he hung
the man the man hung up on me and now
you're telling me that there's a
connection when would I mean for God's
sakes Keith figured that out look at
Keith over there it's it's true captain
I don't know how he's staring at a wall
he's sitting at his desk and he's
staring at the wall he's not doing
paperwork he's not writing anything down
he's just staring at the wall cats
didn't to be fair something might happen
on this wall Sonny I can't tell you for
shit up Keith I'm talking to the cat for
something very talky I'm why am ia the
only man who knows what he's doing why
do I have to do literally fucking
everything pardon my language
Sonny can I can I get up from my desk
now no okay
you know what keep staring at the wall
that's all you tell you good fuck Keith
just stay out of the way and I'll do
everything fucking do everything don't
worry about it I'll tell you what Sonny
I don't even
this is my desk I'm gonna be honest with
you I don't know why it does is the one
is the one in front by the computer yeah
actually they gave you the new computer
oh good
the captain was so happy with your
police work that he gave you the
computer and not me I've got some papers
on a desk yeah I have to use a pencil oh
good I like the computers one ain't what
I seen you I can't say I'm really good
at Oregon Trail I know I can cross all
the rivers and and I know how to use my
ox tongs they let you play Oregon Trail
and a Sierra Brad computer I thought
those were hard-coded only two plays
Sierra games
fine fine upstanding Sierra games like
police quests had to I had to moderate I
even though I'm in a complete imbecile I
know how to mod the computer and I gotta
shoot the Buffalo you like that Buffalo
shooting
you can't shoot too many of them though
cuz you can only carry some what you
meet but yeah I still shoot them all
anyway I kill them all just like my
ancestors what this job brings most
likely is kidnap read user his hostage
he's trying to suck your own other
shuttlepods
even though I just flat-out rather than
everybody else he kidnapped for some
reason I'm gonna assume that Ray still
alive maniac my bomb beams is hard to
read boys you've got a blank check to
proceed all over you feel oppressed I
know how to proceed let me get my gun
I'm gonna need a rocket launcher I don't
care if Marie gets blowed up in the
process yeah Toby sure sure
Oh
Kolby yeah 407 five five five three
three two three nice Oh was it three two
three three three three two three four
three two three four oh seven yeah I
missed five five five three three two
three the phone's off the hook
done done good you fucking get over
there how do we get over there
exit hang up the phone yeah
get up exit gate movie and lazy ass oh
we've got sweet things did blend save
him I think I'm saving it like constant
okay great
it's amazing how much you can save the
game once you put your mind to saving a
game tauntaun the call is coming from
inside the police station
five five five six what does the e oh
shit I got it and I'm on it I wrote it
all down five five five six Oak Street
you have hotter leads to follow oh wait
what about what if we go to a seven five
three third Street
did we go that way that's the hotel
right yeah that's the motel okay um did
we ever look up that green car whose
green car that was do we know who's that
dead body was yeah that was uh what do
you rubbers was it who's woody Roberts I
think is one of guys listen I gave it
away oh fuck it some of the chat asked
me to get woody Roberts is that five
five five six oak street hmm woody
Roberts is at five five five six oak
tree that's his address Oh what was the
I'm in third Street was the return
address and that was the motel then
there's Colby's imports
I still got em oh great and then
that's all I got that's all my notes
that's all I got
probably not gonna be in there yet but
no crime lab okay great
you think opening the envelope I think
it's the test results on the evidence
footprint cast who findings size 10 D
end of report all right come on it's not
awful
come on not helpful at all can you get a
handwriting analyzed here probably
tomorrow Oh
evidence will be analyzed intubated you
tomorrow oh sure sir about Kobe's and
what was he address in that card the
address
there is no address just a phone number
I believe so I don't remember I don't
remember
hmm
damnit
