Episode 093
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 11)
May 15, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0NdrrH77eQ
___________________________________________

I'm just gonna I think I've told you
this before sometimes I just need to sit
and like think my thoughts but but I
know better
he's not even doing that Oh apparently
he's less and less food it's like I just
like to it helps me just to kind of
stand blankly at the humming halogen
lights it was a different city right
Steelton Steelton yeah I believe so I
mean worsen Tiberius Kirk says it was
Steelton - somebody else said something
about yeah he's in Steelton I don't I
mean I can only assume that's a
different city we know we know there's
an airport okay apparently the twitch
email about the stream just went out now
the twitch is moving their servers
there's gonna be some hiccups sorry
everyone who's late
welcome to please Chris - you people
know we stream on on evenings like this
and I sui's I sent out the tweet but you
might not have check the tweet is fine
he's four everything's fine all the time
but you know maybe like they were like
oh they're probably running late again
because they run late all the time
call Steelton police department says the
real day out bad idea
yeah hello Draco got his 15 minutes ago
hey I'm sorry
daddy please
helau hey their name or whatever then
four oh seven five five hold on - six
seven seven four oh wait seven five five
five - rich - six seven seven time I say
Oh police department lieutenant Miller
speaking what was the number - six seven
seven okay
this is this is detective study bonds
from Linton PD I won't attack the bonds
- something I can do for you whoa here
she comes
watch out boys she'll chew you up Jessie
Baines escaped jail yesterday and has
gone on a rampage killing anyone who put
him behind buzz Donald Kobe lives in
Steelton now and could be the next
victim
you should Ted Kobe's phone to see if
Baines goes back phone taps a good idea
information I'll see you later
certainly don't need any more
information than that that's all I need
you don't have to tell me who Baines is
or anything like that I can watch the
stream but I haven't got a tweet or
email yeah I tweeted I tweeted the the
great start time tweet tweet tweet
Rock and Robin can you give someone the
papyrus voice I miss him oh sure of
course if I can remember the pup hire
his for his I'm curious since we put the
the last of that on on YouTube yeah yeah
you got a lot of tweets bitching about
the last two hours of the game I've seen
the YouTube comments bitching about the
last two hours of the game and like I'm
done with it I don't care
I just do not like it's fine I didn't
care it like the gates a fine game it's
a fie sweet little story yeah I just
don't have it in my heart to care about
the last two hours of the game I'm sure
there's more to the story we beat it I
don't care so we I don't know if we've
gotten many tweets but I've been reading
the YouTube comments and Jesus Christ
people want us to finish that game
I'm not saying immediately right would
you consider it someday someday
everybody's very late very late very
late it's 9 o clock
here's what's going on if you were just
showing up yeah twitch was what we
assumed was going on with why these
tweets are showing up late yeah twitch
is like moving what are they moving
servers what is the deal specifically
they're changing over to Amazon or their
well a while ago Amazon bought twitch
yes so twitch is now owned by Amazon and
so now they are moving all of the
streams the chat the everything from the
twitch servers to the Amazon servers
which is a really good thing because we
can only assume that Amazon has better
servers so hopefully once the switch is
made it's gonna be nice nice easy
experience but it's everything's a
little cattywampus today yep give you
some ideas Jack I'm at a dead end so we
need to figure out where baines's every
expense to be expensive expensed where
mariae
he just to go to the Jewish drive to the
airport and fly to steal Tintin is that
a thing we can do he's probably not
going there right
that's what they're there people are
saying go to Steelton that's the only
thing I can think of how would Bane's go
to Steelton drive fly whatever he's a
criminal on the go we did call Kobe yep
we did call Colby and now Colby's phone
is off the hook we have a new alias for
him right though that was a bill Cole go
to the airport ask about Cole sure it's
very anal about how close you are to the
door Baines went on the plane yesterday
we we can't get ahold of Colby the
number is busy what do you mean Baines
went on a plane yesterday is this it
true when we went to the airport last
time did Baines take a flight is this a
true I'm trying to wrap my head around
what happened like last week I don't
remember the details
we took a plea what he went to the
airport right today do you go on a plane
he couldn't hang cuz Murray's been
kidnapped since then whenever we had the
date with her he could have flown back
okay
we know we know as of as of after we got
off work yesterday
in game that he was still in the area
because he had to kidnap Marie after the
date with Marie unless unless he's very
good Murray Wilkins impersonator that
whole date was just him to throw us off
he spends well then that would still
mean he's in town he spent all of his
time in jail figuring out how to act
perfectly like like a whore unless he
just hired another horde poses rubies
they all look the same and bought yeah
bombs whenever they're all the same -
Sonny pawns as long as as long as he can
see a tits I'm just looking at your cans
lady he oh he bought a plane ticket says
huggy snuggle he bought a plane oh he
just bought a plane ticket okay he
didn't fly out until today bump bump
I dispatch I would operate on second I
don't care it's in horrible dialogue
it is horrible dialogue there's an
airport I've been on an airplane once it
was a long time I forgot to pack my
toothbrush shit now my teeth are gonna
smell like shit Keith Sandberg we looked
in the back of the toilet already right
what did we find in the back of the toy
gun we found a gun that's right
okay now safely across the street oh I
see I see Hitler's back you never love
they've just been sitting there the
whole time as this is um this is that I
live now
this is my home as I can no longer you
have to look twice they're saying look
in the toilet again hey brick all right
say brick now Hitler has the paper oh I
got it from my friend my friend gave me
this paper right you gave it to me yes I
gave it to him he is my friend it's my
way hey butter from home dark tub tips
oh yeah it's up there what can I do for
you
here you are officer but nothing rings
up bail mm-hmm Oh who's that handsome
man oh I just eat him right up girl it's
he free mustache rides over there and
Maharaj
oh it used to be a rather tall gentleman
oh hey hey hey hey hey there mister I
wasn't looking at you I wasn't looking
at you look in toilet again don't unfold
water you people are full of shit
Janet somebody keeps taking the lid off
his toilet gaff is really annoying okay
like it's not the biggest deal have to
put the lid on but like what are you
doing back there what are you doing yeah
we're trying buying a ticket yeah yeah
all right oh yeah
would you be please be more specific sir
they can take a distill Tintin oh my god
that'll be 160 dollars please that's
such a great bargain oh how far away's
Steelton now like this is next town over
it's literally a 5-minute drive I'm
gonna drive we can spare any expense and
we're gonna go in style first-class baby
look at the folding cash in my money
glim panned know beyond the shadow of a
doubt that I'll never board the flight
for Steelton if I have to pay for it
myself oh I hate Sonny put your wallet
away let me call captain hall for the
authorization of purchased uh to get the
hits he said we could spend all the
money we want it right I'm gonna go find
some hookers and blow
I'll be right back all right let me use
that let me use that this phone i 1-800
a hooker yeah I need some hawkers here
Keith calls to arrange for the purchase
of our tickets my mind okay what's
furiously to not work amen
it's all set off lecture has a purchase
order for our tickets and he's getting
it cleared with the ticket agent
right now so blow you in diamond you win
alright alright let's get some blow blow
and hook got allowed to do drugs rules
that apply to me dick yes the captain's
name is Fletch lovely nod a lovely nod
to fledge
what happened to Columbo oh yeah my
Columbo slipping a little bit into just
like weird Brook like New York Columbo
doesn't necessarily fit the character
I'm right so you know your tickets
gentlemen the Floyd will be boarding at
gate 12 up the escalator into your ride
right oh I guess you're going that way
cuz I'm going this way
oh you're going to I think I really
think I had it too right the first time
but you know you tell you tell me
something love you up the escalator into
the left escalator I'm gonna be real
with you Sonny I have a crippling fear
of escalators I mean what are they
they're like they're like ghost stairs
the stairs that move by themselves how
do they work I don't like him I don't
trust him I got I gotta go I gotta go I
don't like him
okay there's probably something where
she's done last time we're here
come over here I didn't even know that
hey I didn't I didn't know either hey
there we go
list of car rentals Louise pet patatas
rented a guy using bench a big to myself
that punk has rented a car using the
jailers ID I'm right down the vehicle
information 1988 rip okay we've done
that well we can we call it the car is
already found with a dead guy inside of
it well better late the different you
know I get all the weight where you
going
I go I missed the escalator I'll be okay
hey hey this is gonna you want you want
to draw the hilarity of trying to go
through here with our gun without saying
anything first yes yes your field kit is
calling out to you well we're probably
gonna get shot so first things first
smog to the magnetic field my gun sets
off the alarm
one minutes oh that's a he's poorly one
minute sir alright let's let's get let's
get the kid pullouts gun
better safe than sorry right yeah right
yeah yeah we're gonna walk all the way
over to get a kid a wall my back from
the guys good telling you don't need
your kid on the plane and they're gonna
have to put the thing that I'm just
gonna happen yep yep f8 draw weapon yeah
see that's what you need to do at the
metal detector draw your weapon yeah I
was just taking it out to show you that
I'm a cop up thought down computer app
thought down computer now with my
thought up the chanter trolls rich nose
yeah I'm hoping to see her happens
anyway what's the harm having it with
you
fuck yeah police quest that's right
which is such a client I was doing best
of the worst
what's a Clyde it's an one of the ghosts
monsters why if it means something else
I not it's some kind of old Street lingo
oh yeah yeah square or is like a square
at your slide that guy's it's a Clyde
man looks like where is it the man is
either a square or the man well the man
would be a square that's true but not
all separate not all squares are the man
it could be both much like rectangles
stuff to put put the record straight cuz
we had some kind of color issue with the
cameras we basically somebody sent us
pacman ghosts monster rain ponchos right
yeah and Jay handed me one I said ow
Clyde oh yeah and Clyde is the orange
one uh-huh in pac-man but on camera it
looked red in one of the cameras and
with orange in the other people we're
wondering if I had the ghost monster
wrong and the pancha was really red oh
the pancha was definitely orange
actually why not Arabic are you gonna
wear the punch well it's time to stand
up anyway so rich how crazy that rich
stood up the exact second that our stand
up timer went off that's actually a
little crazy rich that's actually a
little crazy that is orange and you know
I don't know but I don't know if the
color information will pick up on the
webcam but you would definitely say that
is definitely orange the cameras were
probably not white balanced beforehand
because Jane might usually don't white
balance like pre shoot and then you know
everything looked fine so they if I
didn't worry about white balancing post
shoot hey Jackie
you should go ahead and say oh that's
right that's right that's right thanks
Obama I got so distracted by your ghost
poncho that I forgot to stand up so I'm
free to sit
Oh stretch out that Handy's it's blue
goddamn it
one minute say please head to your
buckets I have it in my head that uh the
Death Angel Jesse Baines that's gonna be
papyrus hey Mac you pecking a gutter
something freeze right where you are
fella the garden passed me down and
finds me yeah yep
oh but not before I got the kid so I
gotta get the kid again
oh no yeah yeah
oh man
those cashews have been destroyed rich
not destroyed whoever sent those cashews
they lasted maybe four days gone all
right
fucking gone here we go okay
never get sick of the heck frogs shit
what do you mean I just being called
hack frogs having that be part of the
repetitive yeah YouTube comments or just
can't you get catch people be more
creative
you really just you're just gonna quote
this shit over and over again seven
years later you're still saying what's
wrong it's all part of the thing it's
all part of the the the in jokes it's
fine
but our relatively few of our fans jerks
even if they're not necessarily creative
in the YouTube comments
I don't know they're really jerks no
they're not just so yeah we got that
there's a twitch admin in here
well welcome twitch admin we're playing
police quest to enjoy bed
checking checking double-checking to
make sure we're actually playing a game
what is this shit doesn't look like a
game what the darn heck are these two
doing
did we ever open the magic box yeah you
guys did open it right it was like they
opened it off camera but they got a hold
of whoever sent it so they didn't mean
to like make a-holes think about it in
the episode
look can you show him your badge
come on oh you have to show him your
badge show guard badge show guy badge
boom well puzzle robber officer just
remember no partaking of the spirits I
know that you couldn't hey you can't
partake of the spirits also don't drink
don't talk to ghosts and don't drink
please have a fun time now save your
game Oh Keith and by the way look Keef
is gonna get right does Keith have a gun
on him oh okay
hey hey sunny sunny please wait for me I
get scared when I'm by myself I need an
adult
I need an adult keeps kids a little slow
gift Sonny can I sit on the windows oh
my God look at this fanciness holy shit
welcome aboard at Guana Airlines hey you
having a job will fly can you save your
game please how many times you wanted to
say like five seconds ago I wasn't
paying a penny I like literally the
second I walked through the metal
detector I was not paying attention I
know you weren't because you would have
been pestering me about that shit Sonny
I said I wanted to sit by the window
please I I like to look at the plane
when it takes off Sonny find your sleep
would you fellow can I can I sit can I
sit by the window please thank you
Oh keep this sitting by the window I
thought keith was no you sit next to
Keith where's Keith oh he's in the front
he's the very top left he's the very top
left
you get a Scudders seatbelts nice we
just stood up a little bit ago actually
I need to reset my stand-up timer as I
feel the engines begin to roar that
captain makes an announcement attention
ladies and gentlemen he says yeah this
is your captain speaking
no we're about to take off this time we
ask that all passengers take their seats
and fasten their seat belts thank you
boom fasten hi purple space bazooka I
had to say fast fasten fast
tender it's the Hades fuck those seat
belts yeah yeah right I relax it's the
plane pit bears that taxi towards the
runway Sonny Sonny looking out the
window the planes taking off Sonny look
at that loss so cool oh my god the earth
is disappearing jesus christ almighty
said run there Sonny then there there
that looks flat the horizon looks flat I
can't see any curvature I can't see any
curvature of the earth the earth must be
flat it must be we must be floating on a
flat rock out everything I could caught
was aligned Keith would be a flat
earther here Keith relaxes the plane
into pairs that taxi towards the runway
oh oh we're not having one of those
flashbacks again we're beginning our
ascent at 25,000 feet please keep your
seatbelts fastened until we have reached
our maximum altitude thank you for your
cooperation
so I tell me there's gonna be a
hijacking an attempted hijacking I want
Keith to light up a cigarette so uh can
I stop smoking or what what's going on
can you please press f8 I'm not trying
to be funny I'm honestly just curious
what happened wow you just saved okay
we'll save again and then you don't need
to use your gun now that's what happens
when you try to pull out your gun just
as I feel the aircraft live without the
captain makes an announcement attention
ladies and gentlemen
is your captain speaking yeah we've
reached cruising altitude please feel
free to move yours remove your seat
belts finally our stewards at your
service menu have an enjoyable flat I'm
gonna smoke this shit out of this
airplane we have beer wine bourbon sour
water ain't coffee I would like one
bourbon and one wine also one beer not
now I mean you can't coffee that's Keith
I thought you were referencing the
George Thorogood song bourbon one Scotch
whoa that's probably what this is
referencing button
don't take a coffee because I'm a cop
yeah have an on-duty captain here you
are water and coffee or complimentary
wincing I drink the coffee and think my
god the guffy back of the office isn't
so bad after all you like anything else
just call me bye bye whore wife back but
until then you can sit on my lap do me a
favor hike up that skirt a couple inches
your skirts are awfully long here these
days what is this Mormon Airlines I like
to see a little butt meet a little bit
like the edge of the butt like the
bottom edge of the button
incoming 80s style racism yeah yeah
we'll see what's gonna happen
would it be is it any worse than Mario
the totally Italian stereotype oh I
cannot talk to anybody from where I'm
sitting would not be proper we have to
wait plane to fly you can get up it's a
three-hour flight we just have to sit
here you can get up I don't think oh no
I cannot you can undo your seat belt
I did oh because I'm waiting for
something exciting to happen oh it's not
gonna happen but we'll see yeah go see
if you can talk to the pilot get like
the little wings I can't get up the
wings I can't get up how do you wanna do
this there's so many buttons there's so
many buttons the CAC there's a cockpit
door and exit in the front and a door in
the back leading to a bathroom we'll go
to the bathroom I do not have to go to
the bathroom I see a blue sky and the
clouds drift by I'm looking out the
window what the fuck something's gonna
happen oh that was right tourists yes
what'd you shoot him shoot the
terrorists what height you look at
terrorists what hijacker no they haven't
hijacked yet the stewardess struggles
trying to break free the man screams out
what with pigs I would've brought that
brings these Blamey czars she commands
in the name of the sheik of the gorman
silence oh okay whoa
we were out of line saying Allahu Akbar
this is obviously the sheik of the gold
just noting the captain speaks out over
the PA system oh yeah this is a captain
we're we are being hijacked please do as
they say and don't try and be a hero a
tie-pin be hero these people ain't
business they're armed and they have a
bomb on board shit dawg all they want is
safe passage to their desert filthy home
of bum around Egypt I get it bum around
hostage negotiation immanuel immanuel
immanuel immanuel immanuel annual be
here oh did you type in be here oh uh
yeah that won't work it's probably just
gonna get somebody shot well save and
then be here oh okay let's see here
radio procedures shooting range
procedures rob Vader 12s right bonds
cannot exit hero mode police computer
procedures let's hear those computer I'm
just reading you all the procedures
felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms well that was almost certainly
happen oh um homicide investigation
procedures I think you just gotta shoot
a man there's no hostage negotiation
that's right you gotta fucking shoot him
there's no there's nothing here you
cannot talk to anyone for me yeah all
right fine
Oh what he just shot her
you see that he just shot her well Oh
nope he didn't shoot her
did he throw her down hold on yeah I
think they were done did you just say
that to Keith no I think oh he shot you
all right all right you shot you this is
this is going sour okay
he unshot her right she looked like it
looked like there was blood on the
ground when she fell down and then he
picked her up and you notice you notice
that Keith did not lift a finger he's
he's still looking out the window
wondering where the earth disappeared to
he doesn't even know that a hijack is
happening oh my god I got I got two all
of these newspapers I got a call I got a
call my mother tell her that it's a flat
earth and it disappears when you get
into the metal tube don't go in the
metal tube because the earth disappears
I'm so scared I'm so scared and yes
that's true because Keith ordered the
Bourbon the wine and the beer he's also
drunk blue beads la la chic dudes they
say to go to bum to get a good day to go
to bum bum Island Egypt
okay here we go and we proud no wait
what what what do you want don't get up
he's gonna shoot you again now shoot gun
what because you're good we have to do
that every fucking game day we sighted a
gun at the beginning of this fucking
game a gun does not have you fired your
gun besides at the range we fired at
Abbes it wouldn't lose its sight
oh shit we did well I mean that was that
was yesterday apparently does it um do
everyday day
no we calibrated the fucking gun at the
beginning of the game now I haven't
saved over any well many saves I've been
mad I've got like 19 different ones I
wouldn't worry about that oh fuck it all
goodnight yep what time is it
it's 9:30 we've time that we start at
6:30 no three hours yeah yeah okay I
think there's no way that your gun would
lose its sighting in a day with minimal
usage like that and you know like after
you know like every every couple of
months you check it out if you using it
all the time or if it's going in and out
of your out of your thing I'll be a
holster when's Mayibuye L says finishing
daredevil season 2 has really made me
appreciate the quality voice acting you
gentleman provide blond loving chubby
friend and black cop couldn't act their
way out of a wet nutsack oh you're crazy
I like them all I'm liking daredevil
season 2 so far I don't know if you've
seen any of it now yet I'm only I'm only
a couple episodes in I couldn't like how
bad is the costumer he gets a new
costume
yeah but how bad is it no it's the new
costume relative to the the black
makeshift one ah you know what it's been
a lot of darkness in the new costume so
far oh I'm not talking about that it's
not you know you get used to it it's not
here's I mean it's no black costume like
it's that black mask was awesome yep so
it's it's not that nothing's ever gonna
be that and it's not but I'm only like
three episodes in and I'm enjoying it so
far really like what they're doing with
with Punisher really like I just watched
one of the first Elektra episode and
it's like
Jack sets off
Cortana all the time do you have
something going with her Oh am I talking
to your computer
am I am I saying hey Cortana hey Siri I
mean let's go um I don't know how
leftover beefcake you plan on getting us
the subscribers I'll work on citing the
gun while you get the list but we are we
are wrapping up here so I don't know if
you've been writing him down you just
take a picture and tweet it at me or I
don't I don't know how what we're gonna
do here to thank subscribers rich is
gonna recite the gun because apparently
we have to do that shit rich was facing
the man he was looking at the terrorists
and I said you gotta you gotta you gotta
the game said because your gun was not
cited specifically it was specific yep
yep this is a huge list I know beefcake
that's why your program is so important
to us yes because it's frequently a huge
list it's frequently a huge list and we
that's why we enjoy your program just so
so much wait do you need to cite first
before you fire no we need to find out
how it's off if you wrote it down like I
said just like take a picture of it
behind to trial thanks for your
discussion on pizza rolls the other day
I had some for the first time the other
day I don't know if I like them or not
is there a feeling I should try it
here's the thing you could try eight
different film now they're awful pin
they're all they're all gonna taste the
same I love them but it's not like good
food you know I love mom
oh they're saying ear protection I
haven't already you haven't already he
has it already he has the ear protection
already typing it up you won't be able
to read my handwriting that's okay
beefcake take your time Rich's fire and
his gun
so Jack not a fan I'm a fan I'm a fan of
all food good food bad food and other
food you know good food is fine but
every once in a while you just need to
fill your oven with as many pizza rolls
as you can shove in there and just spend
the night feeling sad just makin eatin
pizza by the way is it upsetting that
when you have to shoot someone you don't
get a screen like this that's you know
just a little it's fine a little more
you your that's your action gamer
speaking out yes yes it is my action
gamer speaking out
for bill holt is there another hiss
we're not using the we are not using the
compressor today so there should be no
hiss I just arrived I'm eating pizza
rolls at this moment congratulations we
are properly aligned great they said you
were properly aligned yes
fuck man Sierra that's Sierra man we it
said properly aligned last time we did
this we have done it it's a new day
that's dumb that's that's really dumb
that's why I'm saying Oh Sierra oh I
didn't talk about the thing Might Be
Giants Joe I did I saw they might be
giants the law yesterday oh I went to
the Veii Might Be Giants show it's
probably their last tour who's all right
it wasn't you know they're the late
Might Be Giants are one of my favorite
bands ever and it was great to see them
live again they put on a shockingly
short show yeah
they had no opening act just They Might
Be Giants starting at 9:00 they were
done by 10:30 then they came out for two
encores but each encore was only two
songs and so they were done by 11:00
which like as like an adult who is shit
to do the next day is like oh actually I
kind of like that they did not have a
confetti cannon and they did not I mean
it was a good show they didn't play a
lot of songs I liked mm-hm
they played nothing off of
Oh am I gonna forget what it's called
now I am I'm gonna forget the name of my
favorite Apple it's not flood was just
just shocking to me right I did not take
my kids no they did play doctor worm for
their second encore they came out with
doctor worm which is great no flood is
not my favorite album oh my god what am
I am i why am I
spacing on the album name I did not
bring the shoe factory showroom Thank
You cracker man they didn't play
anything off a factory showroom they
didn't play an ax Inge they didn't play
snail shell they didn't play you'll need
a crane they didn't play she's an angel
oh she's an Angels one of my favorite
favorite favorite they might be giant
songs they didn't play they didn't play
a lot they didn't I mean I've obviously
like they have a huge catalogue right
they have a huge huge catalogue so it's
not like they can play every single
thing but you know no no Anna Inge like
I really wanted to see them deuce one of
those songs
don't forget your kit
status of the list I know nothing of the
list I last I heard beefcake was typing
it up but in any case it was a fine show
I don't know what I was expecting but
you know it was nice to see them again
they you know you know what they they
seem to tired wait you have your kid
yeah are you sure
I don't know then we're gonna need it
even but yes wait
yeah feel good yes okay
in any case oh great sending us an email
in any case it was a fine show they just
seemed tired that's why that's why you
stopped touring and that's why they
stopped touring exactly I did not bring
my shoe for them to sign because I
looked into it and it didn't sound like
they were like doing anything after the
show were signing in other places and
when I saw them 14 years ago like they
were they weren't as well-known I guess
there was a smaller venue and they were
signing stuff so I didn't bring my shoe
but everything was fine
everything was fine there's a fine night
we had the kids stay with grandparent
and the the the grandma picked them up
early so Lisa and I got to watch some
daredevil before which honestly I was I
thought I was more excited about but
that's nice to get up it's nice to get
out okay waiting for an email all right
boom here we go we have an email you
want to save did you save did you want
to finish the terrorist bit since we're
here with the gun if that's what you
want to do oh sorry names huh I'll start
reading it okay lovely field of shrimp
welcome can you read that you're just
like five at a time
do the loot sir we've read a couple of
these but we'll read them again on
camera of course
Kriegers 783 18 months in a row favorite
customer beer Meister 2089
the Rob Roy
16 months in a row whack man viju gruff
McMillan Terry
Ussery name
17 months in a row tip-of-the-tongue
welcome turbo Jesus 5000 Chakotay has
culture shark Spierer
17 months in a row
no we MN Tiberius Kirk Carey Lasher
debate pad Bay and Galaga I'm sorry what
Peggy Gallagher perfect but handset
frosh and rail means rail 13 months in a
row I'm gonna read this one just cuz I
see it here G shots 18 months in a row
where did you leave off reming's rail
yep Rob radar 12 lady Denning cracka man
5 to 6 14 months in a row top Robbins 13
months in a row and mister thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
that's true we really do we really do
and you know what we'll do the Terri
will kick it off with the terrorist bit
next stream yeah yeah this I mean this
is this is huge this is we're leaving it
on a cliffhanger look she's got a he's
got the stewardess gun to her head
what's gonna happen what's gonna happen
rich that's gonna be the key it's gonna
be like a hip hanger okay I love it I
love it oh no I don't know what's gonna
happen to me I should start hiking up my
skirt Oh what the fuck I knocked over a
bottle okay and and
