Episode 096
Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 13)
May 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KF4FrblzVEo
___________________________________________

okay I did the city of stilton's
underground sewer complex the deadness
subdued light gives me an eerie feeling
loosen up my jowls oh yeah that would
help I could loosen up my jowls look at
clue maybe that always a clue no
restraint the dark jag
oh oh I fell in the sewer Owens the last
thing we saved just before I walk down
oh good night
I'll tell you how we're gonna pay for it
I'll tell you how we're gonna pay for it
is we we we close the corporate loophole
taxes and all those corporations are
gonna be fine with it they're gonna be
absolutely fine with it we start taxing
the 1% at appropriate rates that's how
we pay for all of it free college for
everyone it's gonna be great yeah well
that was a close one
you okay look around what do we got no
oh no I was why would you have a
diagonal in the game that it's a
slightly different diagonal from the
diagonal your character wants to walk
when walking diagonal why would you do
that I don't know I don't know arisen
I'm very sorry it's not it's not the
greatest Sanders I that's my first
attempt at a Sanders but I think it's
good it's good enough for this and and
we know we'll need the next character
gets for somebody who just developed it
it's great you know you got to work on
him having that wall well there was a
little crow there's a little bridge back
there you want to go that way first I'm
just fine I would I would want to go
right first but that just could be the
Mario Brothers in me
that's the Mario Brothers in you yeah
yes my first exposure to fame up a giant
was the Tiny Toons adventures in 1991
with particle man and Istanbul that was
apps I after I saw that I ran out to my
local music store and bought the flood
and that was the first album I ever
bought because of Tiny Toons
no sunny is not a super spy he's an
ordinary homicide detective open drain
closed drain
Spelling valve right or such as because
steam and the company that is correct
that's correct yeah it's the same valve
thing that thing there's a thing I don't
know what it does
and yet for everybody we're not I'm not
saying I'm not making any political
statements about Bernie Sanders I'm just
trying to do an impression so don't
worry about making any political points
in the chat what step into a bath water
spewed out of that pipe and knocked me
into the source you can't crawl out of
the sewer that's not a thing we can do
honestly at that point I might just be
so grossed out I'd want to die just let
it take me I'm covered in human shit
whooping valve get half-life 3
valve doesn't make anything with the
three in it
valve doesn't make games anymore and
they've moved no they don't need to yeah
they've gone on to bigger running steam
is a full-time job
oh my god right yeah
a soda to Jack for the excellent Doc
Brown impression he's put together
yes very Doc Brown very Doc Brown knows
better Bernie Sanders if I did that
exact same impression but talks about
gigawatts gigawatts instead Trent Trent
here's what I'm gonna tell your mommy
here's what I'm gonna tell ya it's
burning it's burning all right as soon
as I said Marty yeah Marty the burning
sensation in my eyes that's right you're
feeling the burn you're feeling the burn
everywhere you go breathing comes leave
it and I can't seem to get enough air Oh
get out of there we try something let me
let me try and break break break reality
okay what happens turn the other way son
do you realize it's methane gas the
silent killer rich says seven of
Borgnine what do you think of Adam
LaRoche retiring because the White Sox
not allowing his son in the clubhouse
from we should never have had a
handshake agree with the lettuce son in
the clubhouse there's I don't know all
of the Deacons there's a thing I follow
the whites I don't follow the whites but
I live in Milwaukee right and the
percentage of white sox news that makes
us up makes it up to Milwaukee is 0%
that's true that's absolutely true so I
haven't heard much
about this there was an incident with a
player the play early and retired it was
fired because there was a lot of how to
do about him having his kid in the
clubhouse and one of his stipulations
for being on the team was like a
handshake wasn't written into the
contract was a handshake thing but they
let his kid hang around like all the
time and I'm assuming sure other players
probably complained about there being a
kid around constantly and being a
de-facto babysitters and Bingbing young
crude athletes who have to watch their
mouths around a small child or or maybe
not being able to bring in their own
child for like daycare or whatever you
know yeah for every baby and everybody
should be able to do it of course of
course it turned into a stink sure and
so then they they took back the
handshake deal yeah I just where I'm not
clearing the details I think it had
something to do with that yeah you're
right actor Jay everybody it's time to
stand up from from what I heard about
that he was like he's an older baseball
player and like he has like injuries and
hasn't been doing too well anyway I'm
assuming you've never heard of dick
Hayhurst dick Hayhurst is a he had some
time in the majors yes Tana but I was
familiar with him when he was a minor
league player because he had a he had a
blog the non prospect Diaries it was
kind of you know hubris he wrote
humorously about his experiences as a
baseball player okay and he was on the
radio talking about that that incident
with a guy's kid track it down if you
can find it he did not mince words he
was talking about like horrible things
they'd done in the locker room he was
he'd turn on the radio he described an
incident where when he was a player
where they took the ball boy the the
mentally handicapped ball boy to a
prostitute bad boy sorry you know the
shit that goes on in locker rooms and
children should not be around this oh
man dick dick hey Hearst with an H
there's a dirt might be dirt I forget
Dierker dig hey Hearst Dirk Gently I
know he wrote a book which I really need
to read ok I've reset the timer for
standing up
Michael Cody CA hey Jackie rich and he
plans on doing conventions again would
love to see you guys come to Toronto
it's the best of my knowledge there are
no current plans now good plans just got
here has rich ever read ball 4
no okay oh shit
I made it through a pocket of deficit so
they're not everywhere what's a my
what's in my inventory to give you still
have your scuba gear no can I use the
lipstick that'll block out the methane
gas oh sure sure okay uh rich I forgot
to ask what's sigh what hat size do you
wear says 7 abort 9 oh I forgot it's
been a while since I bought a cab this
is just a generic yeah piece of shit I
think it's 7 or 1/2 all right all right
well there you go
also anonymous says thanks for the hours
upon hours of excellent entertainment
I'm not sub because I usually work when
you stream so hopefully this will
suffice
keep up the excellent work Thank You
anonymous we appreciate the tip oh my oh
my you are dying yeah and you don't have
anything
Ciara wait a minute
what look at my inventory what's in my
in the tank gun x-ray I'm a club key
ring unmarked car keys money clip thank
you letter death threat wallet handcuffs
feet yep you trying to open that
upstairs yep I did Sierra Sierra whoopsy
dupes ah there you go
I don't see anything particularly
interesting this is why we need Keith
he's a smoker send Keith in first to
flick cigarettes that'll burn out the
methane
can you guys come to the Glasgow
comic-con I mean it's just a trip across
the pond you know you pay in telegin
nope yep yeah can you run no okay
look I have something to it that valve
right the valve by the ladder there yeah
I don't know
which is beneath the drain into the main
sewer no no that's just that flowing
water just do a standard look around
walkways grates pipes now you I don't
think you can interact with any of this
stuff that with your nap typing
oh oh that's a good that's a good
question did you try turn mouthed you
try to open and close valve oh wait yeah
you will not need to use the word valve
turn a handle handle I mean it's called
a valve button you know who knows no oh
wait what so go back to the other screen
yeah have you always been walking on the
left side
did you try over walking down the right
side yeah you did yeah okay and you
still died yeah for methane yeah okay
actually the only president died methane
was walking across here I got killed by
the pipe we need to jam something in
that pipe
can you take off your jacket no I mean
you already took it
so that pipe just gushes water I like
that idea go back upstairs and get one
of the ducks shove the duck in the drain
I think that's the worst idea I've ever
heard I can't imagine that's true
I can't imagine you have to shove a duck
in that pipe if this were a police quest
that would be a solution this is place I
mean ah space quest yes if it was phase
quest
and you don't think you can make that
that corner nope I could try if you want
yeah just keep walking just don't stop
don't stop believin Jack I stopped
believing
feel a the fear just go feel your eyes
burn go go go go go go go go
yep go go go go go go go go boom
Oh bullshit just gotta push through rich
that's not a solution that's about shit
that's not a solution I agree that's a
bullshit but we made it there was no
indication that that was the correct way
to go there was no clue for that puzzle
as well see what's down here absolutely
more methane my guess blue you think up
or search
oh what's that
and you just saved right yeah yeah take
a look at what's in there the clue was
you seem to have made it past the pocket
of methane now I guess you can do it I
can't type Jack I've been fat me fingers
see a gas mask Oh
boom boom
can you only put it on when you run into
methane we'll find out you all right
it's now or somewhere now no methane is
gonna stop us so I'll probably go down
now right no first okay okay then dear
talyn's congratulations on just having
finished watch space cop it's an
ordinary letter
remove cover I don't think it's gonna
punch okay that's fine that's fine then
we got to keep then we got to keep it in
the sewers rich keep it in the sewers
the noise I made alerted Baines but
fortunately he missed and fled he came
out and shot at me why it was exciting
well I missed time I know you were
looking down you missed the whole
fucking thing little man came at the
bottom corner of the screen and he said
of a gun
so Baines is down here right now yes
shit rich motherfucker that Baines
dickhead
Oh
boom
there's an open thing over there rich
right
I see walkways and grates that lead
around dark and smelly sewer pipe
sliding the walls and lights barely
illuminate the darkness look at crown
what is that a great eye looks like it
looks like a great hole maintenance hole
you don't happen to have a flashlight
with you do ya
no all right maybe we'll find one ya
can't fall down and that was that was
the thing what I fell down oh you can't
go down it you fall down it this is the
action conclusion this I I feel a
detention it's super tense in here rich
I'm glad you like my bacon Brussels
sprout recipe
Richard neutral I think it's a good one
I don't like just make recipes I don't
even know where I got that one for him
to be honest with you ink veins thank
you for subscribing also galactic Sean
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Oh a door yeah
Touche game Oh what it opened
oh that's different oh my gosh asleep
walk into the room I can't believe my
eyes when I see Marie I'm Rumble loudly
under my breath I've located Marie and
Marie just goes no boom showing
excitement from seeing me Marie
struggles against the restraint hearing
this is the control room for this sewer
there is a control panel in the back
wall Marie scrubs excitedly in a jazz I
approach she says save the game yes say
is it coming fast and furious now oh
yeah fuckin well we're officially at the
spot where I no longer I like have no
memories of what happens I was part of
that's great
I have played to this perform it was a
very very long time ago sure he's tied
up at a chair
untie Marie I never struggle with the
rope finally I listened to her bonds and
set it free I loosen the bonds instead
of Reeve you know what I mean I think
later tonight you're gonna let the bombs
loose
she whispers in my ear about how happy
she is the CMAs and then and then she
smothers being a lipstick now there's
glitter all over my face she likes like
that fucking glitter shin it's fucking
this glitter everywhere
I always tell her you shouldn't have n a
prostitute you should have got a fucking
showgirls I'm so happy to see you oh oh
I'm done fucking you my cock looks like
it belongs in an eight-year-old girls
toy chest that is an inappropriate
sentence too sad leg pony pony he is
right there was it exciting
crying loudly she tells me how happy she
is to see me and then all of a sudden
Baines of is in the control room huh I
can't type Bane says the drop on me as
he says I have you right where I want
you oh wait this is this is Bernie oh
yeah yeah Bernie for weeds that way they
said the next voice is Bernie
technically in the last game I did
George Lucas for me oh this is this is a
crazier kind of version of this
character because he's a crazy man with
a gun is right sure Bray's probably
better
good should we leave it to the chat do
you want Lucas or are Bernie Luke I see
you won Lucas already Lucas Lucas okay
Lucas Lucas it is I have you right where
I want you pig iron yeah that's way
better just in time to see the fire from
day on oh Jesus
next try try to calm her before untying
her that makes sense what it makes sense
with what I want to let you know it's
not very appropriate that's not a very
appropriate way of saying a police
officer should never talk to a lady that
way Richard Pat Murray
No
first she looks like she what she wants
to be what give Maria hug at that sucker
give Maria hug
because the first time I've ever removed
your gag you have to calm her down first
keep gag in mouth huh she's excited
right just gonna scream let's keep the
gag at her mouth that's not gonna where
you have to calm her down before she
gets up tell did you say did you try to
tell Murray to be quiet
okay now teller would be quiet okay
anything no no yeah we met me messed it
up Baynes is here no can't do it
can't do it fucking Murray I think
they'll come you don't shoot her shoot
her too
because they've had a hypocrite Baynes a
hypocrite they've added like five pixels
to her bustline it's very like the
detail okay place arm on place hand on
Murray put gun down because slapping
calms people down this is not this is
not a horrible mean-spirited sexist
thing to do it's not me being violent I
need her to calm down
I've never understood why slapping
someone would cause it's startling that
would just make me more riled up though
if someone slapped I think this I think
somebody did that as a joke into some
kind of move your TV show weren't have
the app it did yes in effect place hand
on Murray oh that's it I can't tell her
to stop the coats it could become I just
have to calm her all right that's fine
it's not too I mean I thought to do it
on my own so it's not a terrible puzzle
I think the key to doing this type of
game right and I do like this type of
game right is you need to realize these
people are gonna try a lot of different
ways to phrase things yes that might not
be the developer's first choice of
wording well and you know programming in
such a wide vocabulary
yes that's gotta be very good absolutely
absolutely okay now she's calm to the
fuck down
Oh nervous and trying to stay as quiet
as possible Murray whispers please sunny
let's get out of here before he comes
back the sound of approaching footsteps
interrupts my plans and Maurice's oh oh
my God he's coming back now what did we
just say about counting down Oh Sonny
you must hide yeah it almost looks like
there's a cabinet in the control panel
know what's like a cabinet right right
maybe you and just need to hide behind
the pipe maybe we're thinking about this
too much that could be it no yeah yeah
yeah that's it
yeah definitely
oh no not work jack he saw you right
away did you have to have your gun out
maybe Wow
no wait did you call her yeah okay I
didn't know reserved and I'm be right
there it's fine okay he's coming you got
you had a higher boom
I don't maybe that's not where you
supposed to hide
can you look around now and find a place
before you entire sort of doing so nice
nice control panel on the back tell me
something with the control panel right
right look at control panel no rich look
under control panel those look like
drawing like slighty things do you need
to retie up Marie I'm gonna say no
how sunny sunny I think maybe he just
needs a time you're shooting a little
differently maybe I have no idea rich
wait
oh just hide
it looks like a cabinet but I don't
think it is one
wait until later then you'll be doing
all sorts of stuff behind Murray whoa oh
whoa whoa
restore not restart okay great
I'll try the tying thing I think maybe
just wait till he gets a little further
up have your gun drawn first you're
gonna tie her up then you're gonna get
behind a rich your wedding night with
Murray is gonna be a hit so I try the
timing thing here I just did oh no no
the timing Oh timing what do you want so
draw your gun hide behind the pipe and
just try maybe you just tried to shoot
him a little too early wait think it's a
little further up try again try it gun
shot
try again
try your gun draw your gun I was that
maybe I was sticking out a little bit I
don't know firefight but I think he was
gonna give us a hint
nope now you see zero no I think you
just have to wait until it gets a little
further up there like he'll see him turn
hit the button
shoot use Murray as a human shield you
monster I'll just get ready go
what was your what was your shoot
f10 f10 the fire fight between you and
Bane's
ends with him winning remember the one
with the quick gun and enough ammo wins
what what we have a full ammo no
interesting no no no no no f8 I like I
like this this might give you a little
edge
he still notices you
okay
you're just not fast enough for it you
got to go faster you can do it I believe
in you I believe in Sonny bunts guns out
well rich gotta Oh can't wait so it's a
little further up there you don't have
you don't have the JFK magic curving
bullet okay it's gotta be a way to
actually hide or they wouldn't say hide
I don't know you're shooting at them you
were shooting at the world fuck off I'm
just gonna fuck off just this is all
these are all the things you got drawn
boom whoa what a lame puzzle but at
least I got to pull the trigger this
time is that all that firing range
practice bait of checking Bane's I find
all bottles vital signs of cease yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah
I have you Bane's at his deceased state
deep down inside I kind of feel sorry
for him well not really not really the
reality however is that the destructive
vengeance of the Death Angel has been
silenced
now come here Marie and deal with my
murder boner sex over this guy's corpse
yes Oh Sonny you might be strong here
whoo back home in Louisville oh god I
miss the thing and I spend needed
leisure time with Murray and await the
results from Litton PD internal affairs
shooting Review Board the three days
finally passed and now the findings
conclusions and recommendations from the
shooting Review Board as follows the
review board findings Oh God this Board
finds that homicide detective Sonny
bonds while on duty was involved in the
discharge of his weapon at another human
being during the process of rescuing
kidnap victim Murray Wilkins no mention
of the terrorists that you murdered
that's an entirely different look I have
so many shootings we have one one board
investigation at a tied-up yeah we do
them all at once it's just one giant
mess whether the shooting resulted in
the fatal wounding of Jessie Bane's
escaped fugitive uh-huh the board notes
Jessie Bane's while using a stolen
stolen 32 kind of a Browning automatic
first attacked and fired at detective
bonds with the intent to commit murder
oh I wisely picked up his gun after I
killed him and just fired at the wall
sometimes you got to do that well you
know what what's more important is you
have to actually use his hand
yes you know what you don't want the
fingerprints even though no cops never
take fingerprints barely in the police
quest universe but you have to you have
to get the powder burns on his fingers
that's important so you have to use his
hand to pull the trigger then the then
the burns will be on it but then you
gotta be careful not to get the burns
from that powder on your own fingers
like long yes it's very kind of love
look basically I've just I've had a lot
of practice at this it's a skill you
learn over time okay great the board
concludes that the shooting death of
Jesse Baines by homicide detectives
study bonds was totally and
unquestionably legal and justifiable
legal murder others late and Tara's
shooting on the other hand that's still
under heavy investigation there were a
lot of witnesses for that one everyone
just saw him plug that guy when he walk
out the door with his gun just up in the
air everyone you know he's just yelling
I surrender I surrender as I kept
pulling the trigger I was gonna hard
time get out of that one this board
recommends immediate cancellation of
administrative leave therefore returning
detective bonds to permanent active
status until the terrorist
investigations will see and very hopeful
nobody likes them terrorists so I think
I think the judge is just gonna look the
other way on that one
the review board is like what terrorists
we didn't even hear anything about
terrorists you shot Terrance that's
great you want a medal detective study
bonds will receive Litton PD's silver
commendation award for shooting a punk
boom one less punch room hunting the
streets with his slime and mullet his
slime mullet and fanciful mustache
bollard recommends that city bonds
participate a two-week rest and
relaxation period prior to returning the
duty nice not only do you get a medal
and four months of sensitivity training
know that what they're saying is you get
a medal and a free vacation the next day
the next day oh my god Jesus Christ the
three-piece band strikes it up the
skeptic let your hell presents me with a
silver commendation of would look at
pixely stands proudly by my side
as the band plays on look at her face
though that's a terrible band look at
her you couldn't you couldn't get
Metallica although I know it's a lie he
vows to quit smoking by the time I
returned from the island paradise which
is okay he'll just get cancer Souter and
I'm fine with that since this is a
special occasion I wonder why the
captain can't quit slurping licking and
smacking ice cream long enough to get me
out to get me out of here oh well I
guess it's better than the old habit he
used to have sniffing glue
congratulations over the awards ceremony
out of the way I board the plane and
then oh please please more terrorists
please mortars oh I need to murder
someone need to murder one more person
she's not a vacation unless I'm shooting
a brown person wait it said high school
swear we writing history high school
sweetheart Marie
well let me she was a friend my friend
in college before she became a whore
after I dumped her there it is
Marie what do you marry me my face is
falling out now you are my whore wife
for real - Ching see it hello
that's great I love my hook ly all right
now I could stop doing sunny buns before
people think I'm really am a horrible
I loved that last one it's the character
is to be true to the character ah that's
great and now for the mile-high club in
it yes yes you're right we need to
restart this isn't a perfect 300 point
score screens cut off me what are my
points what are they looking like how'd
I do obviously we missed the finger
prints well yeah what was the final
score we cannot see it because of the
way our TV is oh also sigh late Silas
Silas thank you for subscribing to 60
out of 300 that's it is prevent and down
dark zone II thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
two-six I mean to 60 out of 300 we we
defeat we killed the Death Angel we did
everything we needed to do you got Maria
back look at look at that dress
she wear no bra that's our braless whore
wife we got her back I just know after
20 hours of Sonny Banzai we need to do
something just to prepare my reputation
we needed touchy we need like a like a
help help refugees game is something
like that if you play this game we'll
donate money to UNICEF
