Episode 536
XCOncore (XCOM 2) part 2
May 22, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbTiENogyKU
___________________________________________

we've been using OBS for so long and I
we started using it because it's it's
free yeah there are other streaming
programs that you like pay a monthly
fees or monthly and you know OBS has
always been free it's it's you know like
highly customizable we like and now that
we know how to do it I think it works
really well but uh I just realized cuz I
follow them on Twitter that it never
occurred to me that you could donate
money to OBS
could be a - yeah yeah are we not
streaming we are seeing everything fine
and hearing everything fine massive
audio game loud game audio I can't hear
the game we can hear the game too much I
can hear the game in 37 times the speed
of light and no video there for fuck's
sake
they're high
facecam work so good well then I guess
that oh hey look at me oh yeah look at
my arms that's some quality escapism
right there I guess that was the whole
point it's like I'm it never like
because we we got OBS because it was the
free alternative and like have learned
how to use it it just never occurred to
me to like donate money to them will be
donating money for them by the way I'm
gonna be using some prereq funds but to
it about two years a back pay couple
bucks good thank you
I'll give them a few dollars for all the
good they do for us I'm gonna give them
a few dollars yeah maybe if you turn
down the video quality hold on everybody
everybody settle down cuz you probably
have it set to like super right
there's maximum boom take it down a
notch medium don't you thought that you
shut the fuck up mind your own goddamn
business
it's a very nice computer but you know
we're streaming there's a lot of
programs running audio is perfect now
great thank you
handsome Rob wants to know if you guys
opened it the best of the worst box yeah
somebody made prompts related to Eloise
Cole the grief club the demon grief Kyle
the demon grief like like demon like
ancient tablet type things
oh nice I need to remember to go see
those I have not seen them yet okay
here we go here we go now we are ex
coming
we are ex coming all over your face
show us the props I'm sure that J and
Mike will take pictures of them and post
them to various social medias or they
probably won't because they're busy
editing so remind them to post what was
in the box to various social medias okay
I'm saying that's a chat
great oh you're right rich our facecam
moved over to the other side you don't
have to you don't have to you don't have
to but if you want to I'll tab over you
could just scoot us back to where we
belong we belong in an insane asylum
yeah no no no if I die thought yes I
think we've been long enough I'm upon
them it's quite possible the next
blinker review food of you didn't hear
it from me but check your old inboxes no
they no one's being worked on people are
actually gonna start believing that I
know and here's the thing here's like
the glorious thing is it might actually
work out where we'll be streaming and
we'll say that as a joke and it might
come out to you nobody knows you're a
cruel man I know I know this is a
download the thing mission so we have to
download the thing mm-hmm
what is Mike always editing I'm Mike and
Jay alternate editing best of the worst
and half way bags also you guys know
another project that Mike is working on
right now that he is adding various
things and when they're not doing that
they are doing things like I imagine the
thing that Mike is working you probably
not gonna see much on it until that's
that's available somewhere well he
didn't get footage from the fan who I
don't mind him I would I would say
that's almost certainly because no no
but also like beyond that Mike Jay rich
the process orders they build the sets
they update the websites they update the
patreon they work on the Twitter they do
all they do all the everything's you
know when it snows someone has to shovel
the walk so there are always things
Venera there are all these things like
secretly editing all of his YouTube
bread videos oh god yeah a jug add
sounds like it's related to porn right
you to your head by the way why would
you call it YouTube bread if you know
that redtube is a thing that exists
because there's really dumb or maybe
they're hoping that people will think
it's a porno site and subscribe then if
thinking it's 200 buddy wants this
YouTube bread call it red - it's the
best we can hope for oh man I can't wait
to see all this porn on YouTube Bret
wait what PewDiePie pewdie Beauty bunny
that's the best way to handle this I saw
that hold on there was a subscriber I
saw that Magnus PU 14 months in a row
thank you for subscribing
it's like maca's p i but was it to you
hmm
like it stinks I think a lot of people
sell subscribed to porn I think it's
crazy but I think they do well they had
to be making money or nobody would make
it
there's that thing that was the right
answer what is YouTube red YouTube red
is YouTube's pay service yes there are
they have exclusive shows and you can
watch all videos without ads that was a
that was a great anguish if if you pay a
monthly fee and I don't even know what
the monthly fee is that's like that that
is what YouTube red is their pay service
exclusive content and an ad free
experience
no mr. coach YouTube red is mr. go says
YouTube red is for people who don't know
about adblock YouTube red is because of
people who use adblock it's very true
mr. glitch this very good YouTube red
was created because people use adblock
and they are trying to recoup losses yes
you know my feelings on adblock I do not
much care for something horrible and
deadly and dangerous it sounds it sounds
like creepy ambient noise coming from
the game but we can't hear any of the
game audio right now I don't know why by
the way what the we can't hear the game
audio I can't because we have the TV
turn down another ok ok next time I
sleep but I need the knowledge sound
of course you can't get close to any of
the company that's fine that's fine
that's fine
yes I'm still not fine
the wrong squares I'm in danger
oh I ate doughnuts I would liked I had
done it says I really enjoyed that your
ex come to dev interview I'd love to see
you guys talk to the fire watch team
that would be an interesting one that
would be an interesting one for the
record the fact that me and Jack got
into an argument over it does make it
sound like I hate the game more than I
do
what do you have to say that I like yeah
I just don't I'm not filled with a spite
yeah I really like the story I just
really wish there were a game in there
somewhere right and you know we won't we
won't rehash this we if anyone does
anyone from the fire--which team we'd
love to talk to them love to be great
made a game because they they couldn't
get the money to make a short film which
is a crazy person
there has to be an interesting one yes
riches brimming with hate for Firewatch
brimming it's too loud yeah want to
insisted I want to hear it I like
hearing noises you're like all kinds of
crazy things my gag at the end of what
at the end of fire oh yeah I like to the
end of the fire watch where rich walks
off and I'm yelling at him that's funny
I thought that was funny reaching rich
had a gag rich had a gig and the at the
end of this the super hot episode that
didn't quite work out yeah why why
didn't the work out it just didn't work
out mostly because I was talking over it
and I couldn't get rid of my audio and
so then I obviously I still put the link
in there you know to the XCOM thing
because you were talking about it but
the gag did now did not pan out so I
thought it might be good just to cut me
off so low five six yes I and I hid that
from rich we had we actually filmed the
fire watch and super hot episode on the
same day and I was like oh so we should
we should probably talk about fire watch
first because I wanted to surprise which
rich with my fire watch t-shirt which I
enjoy I think it's a cool shirt because
I really liked the game I thought it was
neat neat game
I thought I was gonna get line-of-sight
with my specialist on that Advent
Trooper I'm very sorry I do not have
lighter side I'm very sorry I am stick
man grip thank you for subscribing 14
months in a row
thank you stick man grit yes Oh Tim you
guys know Tim you guys know Tim Tim has
been in a bunch of things he's been a
bunch of my videos he's been in a bunt
he Tim is actually in the very first
half in the bag you probably know him
best as the hipster he's one of the main
hipsters heidegger Tim Timmy Higgins
wrong Tim tim is the mayor of the moon
and the bartender in space cap Timmy
Higgins in the very first episode of
half in the bag is one of Lucas's goons
and he's been in a bunch of my videos
he's a local legend with you do have
line of sight
well he's mustache man he's great he's
in comedy sports here in Milwaukee
he gives brewery tours at MKE brewing so
if you're ever in town and want to do a
brewery tour go to MKE brewing Tim
Higgins gives great tours and he's also
the face a mode that everyone wants to
get rid of and I love look at that face
look at that timmy face
it's my favorite
I'm working on a new project with Timmy
right now
yeah the beer me guy yes they passed me
a beer guy has Tim Higgins yes he did
shave off his mustache that was from a
different video I did with him and he
shaved off his mustache for a little bit
and it is back now as he's now
contractually obligated to have that
mustache at all times it's the one time
I'll use a sword doesn't double damage
against the sectoid Oh sort missed
oh no the sword missed Oh No would you
believe that who thought that the sword
wouldn't miss weird really we get an
answer to the mustache but not the
reason the Tim emoji is wearing
something he oh that okay so that is
from a video I made with him it was a
commercial that I made with him and he
had to wear this like ridiculous outfit
and it was it was I'm trying to I'm
trying to remember what it was like it
was like a couch camouflage deal and the
his outfit matched to the couch and and
the face he's making I just loved it so
it was like a couch camouflage Snuggie
to hide from his wife was the was the
bit of the commercial and I just love
the face he's making I don't know if I
can I don't even know if it's online did
I hate the truth I did not
let me let me see if that's online rich
Evans is mind control that sucks that
just sucks hold on
Oh God who do who just died was this
thing called secure the data secure the
data really yeah you suck Bradford you
suck dick oh good it is online here it
is hold on I will get you I will get you
the link throw the grenade ah not a
happy camper I'm very sorry
there's the link for everyone who wants
it for the old Milwaukee home camo suit
3000 was that very loud for everyone as
there go my headphones yep
Richard soon as you get him on right now
maybe two all tab over to obs we need a
lot of things renamed very sorry about
that when we restarted OBS we forgot to
turn down the volume
man is why shotguns are better than
swords was it awesome seeing yourself
shotgun an alien in the face yeah was
that awesome would've been awesome if I
didn't lose a soldier
fuck you Bradford fuck you
Tiberius Kirk with me as the narrator it
keeps costs down I'm a cost-effective
video producer all right what do you
want to do with this we wanted to in
your mixer well then the game sound goes
down again
I assume the game know the game sound
does not go down yeah they go why can't
we just get that fixed because I'm not
in a game right now
I will mission yep I'm very sorry I'm
sorry Michelle
you can't you killed a Michelle way to
go
yep and there should be a couple fun
things you notice about that video yeah
Tiberius Kirk yes I need I need to take
the oh my god sounds drastically lower
the volumes re-upload them through the
night dev thing and relink them to OBS
and I just haven't gotten around to it
cuz I was editing and now I'm playing a
new game this should be significantly
louder for quieter for everyone so sorry
so first commissary Barry hey Jack and
rich do either of you know why max
landis referred to Mac and me as his
father's film on best of the worst I
can't find any link from that movie in
John Landis that's that's why he did
that it it could quite possibly be that
that was a joke seek says hey guys a lot
of youtubers slash streamers talk about
how the troll comments start to wear on
them does the trolling and hate comments
ever get to you guys sometimes yeah yeah
what's all I mean they are yeah yeah you
know there there's a especially like if
there's just like a constant stream of
hate but you work past it filled with
doubt I'm constantly filled with doubt
but you get past it
it happens it happens that's why it's
you know what that's why it's nice to
have like a partner cuz we can we can be
like hey we're doing good yeah we're
doing good okay like a real person to
talk to that's the thing I bother it's
like like no matter what we've made
something and like yeah you can like
nitpick the thing we've made but it's
it's a lot like what we talked about
what Jay and I talked about with Len in
the Len cap izinski interview where it's
like a creator always has an edge up
over critics even stuff we criticize the
creator has an edge up because they made
something and that's the same with our
web content that's the same with video
games that we think are terrible the one
that confuses me yeah right
something confuses you let me know this
to my tears streaming yeah it's about
two years at this point you think of it
didn't like it they wouldn't be watching
yes the you know they're just going
there to be a prick without a doubt the
very minute one of our new review videos
goes up there is a thumbs down within a
minute of it going live someone hasn't
even watched it they just see they are
subscribed to us for the sole purpose of
thumbs down in a video absolutely I
think you take that too seriously no you
can't and you know it like it's really
frustrating sometimes because they'll
like especially with like was super hot
so many people in there were just like
we're completely yelling at me saying
you know Oh Jack you know jack said the
story in superhot its convoluted but he
liked the story and Firewatch and how
does that make sense and it's like well
because they're too fucking different
games and people who just have no sense
of nuance or gray area or anything it's
it's it gets very frustrating sometimes
something about the internet is told
people there's no such thing as a gray
area right it does it now no longer
exists in the public awareness yeah did
you see these
GP gray video this video will make you
angry no he is a wonderful wonderful
video called this video will make you
and I believe it's called that someone
linked to it please in the chat and it's
it's basically going through the the
mental steps of why internet flamewars
start and how hate is a virus Agent
Smith you're like on fibers every time I
come to your world I'm covered in the
stinking sweat oh thank you a bother
what is it called that picture of young
George Lucas this oh wait okay I got
that I got the name right this video
will make you angry great watch that
it's it's a really really interesting
video on how people get so passionate
and so black and white in in videos like
this but mr. Anderson in any case yes it
bothers us it does not bother me enough
to stop doing it because I really like I
really like hanging out with my friends
and watching movies and playing video
games and I like making videos about the
video games that I play good work if you
can get it it's fine work if you can get
it so did you hear that Batman vs
Superman is the worst movie since space
cop I think let's see I think that's
funny people have done better
well oh well oh anyways back to back to
the Timmy Timmy Higgins and the the Old
Milwaukee camo suit 3000 you should
notice something very fun about that set
is is we built that set for the
commercial wonderful set and then it was
reused in the future J in future Mike
half in the bag episode those walls are
all over space comp and those walls are
all over space cough and I was really
upset J painted the walls if you notice
in the in the half in the bag the walls
are bright chroma green and so in the
half of the bag they were bright chroma
green and I was really upset with J for
painting them that color and I was just
like they're chroma green why are you
why are they that color he's like oh I
thought it looked nice and so I actually
purchased a program to digitally change
their color in toast so I could have
them be not chroma green in my video but
the old lady's house that's right
there's a seven shades of fuck yeah yeah
extract all units well oh you've tracked
these two guys up here okay I got a
fucking turret down here and I got two
guys on this roof on Jesus and where do
you have to go in here I'm just gonna
have to go stealth yeah
who was the old lady she's just an
actress just a local actress I don't
know who she is I don't think I've ever
met her which lady the old lady in that
and half in the bag episode
on average how much money do you spend
to tell other people they're wrong well
I didn't I didn't tell him he was I mean
I I that wasn't the color I was looking
for but we just didn't have time to
repaint it before we shot so you know we
could have repainted it but it was just
easier to shoot it and then fix it in
post fix in post
right
what I think I'm just gonna say we're
never gonna play Dark Souls 3 just to
start a shitstorm yeah we're never gonna
play darts
no this dream will be when Dark Souls 3
100% Dark Souls 3 free when it comes out
we're gonna be playing DC Universe
Online so I'm very sorry of course of
course is rlm seen as a reputable
company among actors in the area or to
all the local talent agencies talk shit
Milwaukee has exactly one talent agency
that I know of something went right
everyone know yeah no one no one knows
that many people why do you think why do
you think I'm in space cop so much it's
because we have one acting town agency
in Milwaukee this game is just fucked
not happy with everything that has
happened everything yeah I'm dead
everybody I'm dead oh yeah they killed
rich Evans I think we're done yeah we're
done William I'm sorry I'm so sorry rich
yeah and you know what you have a long
night tomorrow you're a long night ahead
of you tomorrow yeah I got lots of shit
don't know wrong going on the run what
are you gonna do
rich here's my question for you yeah
what are you doing to prepare for the
Batman vs Superman dawn of Justice
discussion I'm just gonna place to start
a family
you know we want to do I mean obviously
you're gonna push up you're gonna do
something you're gonna push ups chin
Yanks and you're gonna do some research
into Zack Snyder's directing style you
going to do some research into the
characters of of Batman and Superman
obviously Ryan you're going to read some
some comic books discussing the the
altered reality state of demigods versus
Hunchback Jack and Halla but barn thank
you for subscribing I'm really
appreciating we I've been I've been
thanking people are good good let me
make sure I got all the tips now get out
of the tip style yeah angry comments
absolutely Milwaukee does not suck so
much we just don't have a large acting
pool to pull from Milwaukee's great
anyway right in front of my face