Episode 099
Getting Salty (Salt and Sanctuary part 1)
May 23, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXo2EQfbv8
___________________________________________

hey hopefully you can hear us I don't
know if you can or not
I don't know if we're streaming or not I
believe we're streaming a laptop
I blame me
I blame rose Evans III get to the studio
I know we're filming stardew valley
review and i got other things need to
work on an item I pull into the parking
lot like oh shit we're doing a stream
that I'd I didn't bring my PC so I
called Jack I'm like Jack forgot to burn
my PC if you want to play a console game
I could just bring your console to that
and said yep and I said I said to myself
it's no problem I should I can stream
from my laptop I'll bring in my ps4
we'll play that that hit new Dark Souls
2d game something sanctuary and
everything on my laptop exploded every
single program I would try I tried to
run crashed and needed updated and I
restarted my computer a million zillion
gazillion times
and so we're streaming directly from the
ps4 that's fine but we still have we
have the we have the Twatter up Thank
You beefcake I got I got the Twitter the
new download thank you we have the
stream tip alert er up and the volume on
my laptop cranked to the max so we'll
still be able to hear that everything is
gonna be good
we're not going to put our faces my guys
are gonna put your faces or not risking
it well I don't know what that means
I think they want a face cam we have no
face cam because we're streaming through
the ps4 and we don't have the ps4 I
camera now if I'd brought my mic PC we
could just stream through by PC great
but rich for goddes be
but I would have gone home and gotten it
we knew your laptop was gonna blow up
the twitch subscriber watcher we call it
the twat
so in regards to Batman vs Superman dude
you bleed you gotta cross that with bein
rich this is my blanket yeah better
because he's like a voice modulator yeah
that didn't bother me at all
yeah yeah it makes it makes perfect
sense Bruce Wayne is fairly known
celebrity and not everybody can be Kevin
Conroy that's true only Kevin Connor in
plan is
similar to the force awakens on
Wednesday we are going to dedicate a
section of Wednesday's stream to pure
Batman vs Superman spoilers Wednesday
Wednesday yes and you know what we'll do
it we'll do like maybe an hour or so no
spoilers no Batman talking and then like
just go into it a lot like force awakens
where we just get fucking delve into all
of the Batman V Superman spoilers on
Wednesday today no spoilers for anyone
who wants to see it over the weekend
however unlike the force awakens I don't
give a crap who spoils what in the chat
I just don't give a crap
you know both rich and I have seen it
the Batman's you don't feel good about
it
it's why I flew these options
not many options this is my first time
playing salt and sanctuary also so I
have no idea how to play the game yes
there are real spoilers and there might
be things you might not want to read in
the chat if you haven't seen the film
and intend to the rock yeah yeah there
are sure get the full no there was no
secret was well we went in there with
the fucking mic either the zoom the zoom
really yeah I did I didn't see the whole
episode I know I just was watching it
was that was a little thing called that
little the audio record yeah I don't
know what it is called but the little
audio recorder zoom yeah that is another
bolt zoom it's about the same oh okay so
I went in there were the old zoo okay
oh that's fun yeah yeah that was legit
in case you cracked up laughing I wasn't
you know like completely crack on
there's some snickering during the
flashback to Man of Steel it opens with
the ending of Man of Steel say I'm not
gonna say that's a spoiler the
destruction at the end of Man of Steel
uh-huh
I started just laughing at some of that
because it's so ridiculous
sure okay so so far quite possibly the
ugliest character I've ever come across
in a video game yeah a little look too
bad right there
lack of nose is just weird
I'm gonna try to go full full me origin
oh this isn't a spoiler either Ben
Affleck is the best part of movie by far
you know I grew up and you know what
fine Batman yep Ben Affleck fine Batman
I honestly think my favorite live-action
Batman because not everybody can be
Kevin hammering they say you fucking
nails Batman oh there we go that looks
like a nice pale meat I think it's some
kind of salamander man actually oh maybe
cell ooh a paladin a thief they sell a
Mandor rich I can be a chef oh my god I
kind of want to be a chef guys how
fucked am i if I'm a chef I'm totally
fucking of being a chef look at that you
got a pan you got a pan definitely gonna
be a pan I'm a little yeah salamander is
a little weird that looks pretty much
like me I only one with the salamander
because he was the palest you know you
go with whatever you want
oh here we go this is pretty good I
don't know what any of these affects me
so we're just gonna say none I'm totally
gonna be a chef though because the chef
is awesome all right are we ready to
venture forth I have a giant frying pan
rich mm-hmm
venture forth how would I feel about
Kevin Conroy is a live-action Batman I
don't know if he's got to look for it
yeah yeah and he's getting up there an
age at this point - I'm sure it really
know what it looks like but the man's in
voice-acting care reason it looks like a
guy Affleck nails it no yeah it looks
great
okay so you got your stamina bar certain
things aside which are the scripts fault
and not his Affleck is great okay and
you have the one handed in two-handed
versions a very very dark Souls
blood-borne what's neat so far did you
pick the chef's outfit okay okay there's
those Don's role role is a right trigger
oh fuck I just threw something after a
potato I rich I have a potato oh my god
I make very excited about heaven they're
too long though I can fix that are we
too loud to someone who is a subscriber
to us tiny turnip says were too loud
anyone else tell us if we're too loud
I wasn't laughing constantly throughout
Batman vs Superman it's a very dour
movie that's it excessively from to our
movie everything it's I I had a
permanent frown on my face you know
watching a movie they'll want to kidnap
our lady and ransom
Oh oh my god I think it gets sued by by
the Dark Souls people by from software
different
oh can you copyright gameplay yes yeah
something you can't fucking frying-pan
Donna it wasn't like it was a very it
was a very glum movie no I wouldn't have
to feel good so feel bad movie of the
year really not kidding about this whole
Dark Souls thing so you kind of have to
die nice you've been a flotsam washed
ashore like the rest of us huh shelter
sanctuary but what is sanctuary do you
keep the New Gods you don't keep the new
guys rare pilgrims our answers no no no
you do you hold no God's at all my a
mountain no shit this might be important
this the iron well I like the sound of
the iron ones but I also kind of want to
be the goddess of life you know what do
you think you'd be the goddess of life
yeah I'm the goddess of life Oh Davari
now you worship someone I told you I
don't worship anyone can I not worship
any one can I be a man of science and
blows up gods
are you up okay then yes it's also
giving this a tip cutter stars is happy
springtime holiday oh my god we've
missed several tips anonymous would like
me to say hey hey hee hee I make poo poo
and pee pee quality YouTube some video
that's a quality quality tube county
video al resources did you get the beer
I sent from tap brewing a few weeks back
I don't think we got any beer we did get
some coffee I put a bunch of beer in
that fridge I'm sorry I thought about it
and I think you forgot it was we're busy
you can check their Jackson checking
beer we didn't get a bunch of beer
there's a vibe from my ear too I think
it has something to do with the game
how's everyone doing just out of
curiosity everybody who has not seen
Batman vs Superman just those of you who
haven't just in all caps type and ot an
informal poll everyone hates the The
Crow Jack oh yeah well people haven't
seen them that will avoid spoilers
holy fuck how did this movie make four
hundred million dollars and rlm fans
haven't seen it and you think this is
that we're the target audience for this
kind of shit it did an informal poll
anybody who hasn't seen it I said type
in all caps not and they're just like a
stream a huge stream of nuts I think
there's a lot of people are saying I
poured myself a legacy IPA and I'm
pretty excited about drinking it but I'm
trying to get away from clothes
we block
that pill and I think the major spoiler
is that the via Batman vs Superman
stands for visits
they go out for coffee like and a very
polite conversation it's weird because
everything you see in the trailer is
actually a flashback to an elderly
Batman and Superman visiting each other
great I don't roll that is nice fucking
carnage walking blood everywhere walking
canach what sanctuary how do you heal
that's a good question I have a potato
potato
oh we picked up a tire town oh we can
today oh there you go earth thin vessel
okay use equipped items like that I have
to date it on hold on some inventory I'm
going to be order inventory
don't you think that'll be lovely Oh
what is it Barney Barney what's going on
hey I don't have literal I have no idea
what's going on here
you just wanted you turn into a crazy
man uh yeah you know I I don't know if I
had dinner well whose fault is that it's
100% my fault
sanctuary fuck
chant I would actually say that Batman
vs Superman I would say it's better than
Man of Steel there's word of the meta
still largely because it's Ben Affleck
the movie doesn't like Superman and it
doesn't care about Superman and we're
really rather than Superman wasn't in
the movie at all but that's an
incredibly accurate state yeah and and
the movie has no idea why Luthor is
doing anything he's just doing things I
think you have a stole tree well I
noticed that I was gonna go anymore
anymore so
I don't know that Eisenberg was bad per
se just the script gives him zero
motivations to do anything he does at
any point in the film he might not be
the way you'd want to see Luther
portrayed but I don't think it's
inherently bad no you know because he's
like new businessman you know yeah like
that's what Luther always was right was
kind of like a businessman at least
Luther I knew yeah my Luther has always
been just like a weird evil businessman
who wanted wanted you know power and
Jesse Eisenberg was playing you know the
new kind of businessman the faith
businessman and you can portray a
character sniffing way my problem with
Superman isn't just that he's not
officially Superman it's just he's a
walking conviction he's a hero but like
murders everyone you know I would pick
how you want to portray him is he a
monster you can do what has a monster if
you want but like I also get it that you
want to try to portray a complicated
here he's he he is a monster but the
movie wants to treat him like he's a
hero right ending up in a problem
there's a fall damage yes there is
something you gotta test it out
sometimes rich oh god I don't have
nearly enough salt 500 game audio is
loud as shit I don't know if there's
anything we can do about that streaming
through the oh you're like you're like
yeah there you go Jack bid you 50 like
happen I hope Murray keval is balding
worse than rich Evans well fuck you too
and he seems like he has a glorious
Senate and you know both rich Evan to
end our harvey crap this is coming from
me who's very bald hit me a break zombie
he was a great son really huh what
Harvey Carell yeah yeah okay got some
coin here we go
waters a blessing I can assume that
hears me pouch of salt
Henry Harvey what are they Henry Henry
Henry I don't care Henry's the new
Superman that's the only name that
matters
shoot Brandon Rose
you know what else will be known for
nothing he's basically just that one
weird super head that's his legacy oh
he's gonna be part of the the new DC
Universe no he oh oh no no he's already
in the DC you the DC Universe televised
music oh he plays the atom on legends of
tomorrow a TV show very very bad is it
wise or stupid to have the TV DC
Universe and the movie be Jesus
obviously do you think it's wise no I
think it's stupid what is their thinking
behind this their thinking is oh man TV
is is a different is a different beast
than movie there's no way you could get
continuities universe between TV shows
and movies it's not like any other comic
book studio has done that Marvel has
done it reluctantly weird I don't know
why don't I can I don't in the movies
want to acknowledge daredevil and their
ilk in any way yeah yeah it's all part
of it oh wow
look at that nice crisp script about
though I had 400 salt
what still oh ok so salt is sold by the
way mm-hmm salt his blood echoes in case
you were curious
I gotta get better at rolling I'm not
I'm not in a because of the 2d nature
but I'm not in a very dark place yeah
they like Souls you just gotta be bit
more defensive yeah oh oh they come back
oh that's a dick move game they respond
that
Oh dick I know dark so I'm supposed to
run past everything well event
eventually when you get tired this guy
has all my salt always the upgrade okay
I got my salt back I'll spoil something
Oh almost spoiled something you owe in
the garret you're ready to spoil about
anything oh I didn't I said almost I
stopped myself obviously it's a hidden
thing to kind of yeah yeah we're gonna
I'm now gonna drink this beer that
someone sent me thank you to whoever
sent this oh that's a fine I be a legacy
IPA fine a PA
you know what some people might care
we're we're gonna spoil the shit out of
it Wednesday and really after Wednesday
we're not gonna care about spoilers
anymore you I know stardew valley well
for one that's on my PC which I forgot
to bring Bob pom-pom for another Jack
really wanted to play so I'll take to
worry yeah you know this is obviously
we're big fans of the blood boys and
people keep saying this is like a from
software game so I've been definitely
interested in playing this and you guys
mast want me to play it obviously not
you in particular guy who just said that
but we have been asked to play this salt
back setting up there what's that
glowing thing I'm tell that's a door no
no no no no no they're just thinking
lunch just glowing
I do like that I wish they had like a
slightly different sound because it
seems to be the exact same sound effect
every single time mhm
bear it up a little bit oh I got a
throwing beggar shit
I don't know how this works
my interested in other DC movies that
won't be directed by Schneider actually
I kind of want to see Ben Affleck's
Batman directed by Zack Snyder not
written by him oh you know I don't
necessarily disagree tone wise it's fine
for Batman there's just no contrast with
him which is weird
rich asked Jack to give a Pokemon update
please Jack what's your Pokemon update
Pokemon update I just defeated Team
Rocket so I got this with or the Silph
scope my team is all like around level
27 28
just fucking murdering everyone I come
across and it's beautiful I got I did
get psychic forum I'm you
and so now I'm use a psychic type with a
psychic attack which is extra important
because if you're the same type of
Pokemon has the uses the same attack
it's called a sting attack and it
actually does 1.5 times damage so you
know super important are you attacking
me up there what can you get attacked by
that thing from below yeah I I didn't
know it could jump with my phone just
standing around like that
I was too worried about the dog sign
this time I was very worried about the
doctor
so anyway I'm about oh that's nice kind
of carries it back so right now I am
gonna go up the the ghost tower and deal
with some ghosts keep on keepin on but
mu is is murdering just everyone use a
murder beast yeah okay keep all the
treasures do you want to know how to
feel
since hardcore yes love - yes who would
love to know how to heal which which
item heals is it water of blessing
pigeons six one five since this games
art design is annoying right or am I
crazy and have no taste Jack
this might be the ugliest game I've ever
played look at him look at your
character look at you dumbass characters
growing on me he's good seeing it on the
big screen it looks better than when I
saw him a little like preview video last
week oh I think this is dumb I think
this is ugly how do i heal do you heal
you will should I start just start
messing around with some of this stuff I
don't care yeah go ahead mess around
stuff water of blessing wheels okay
although if you pray in an other Creed's
tipping your get a different healing
item which has cements you all work it
happens it happens we all make mistakes
especially me so there's other temples
and I had a bad guys losing okay
how long you guys streaming for I don't
know that is the most correct answer
rich
go back to your salt oh shit you're
right thanks Oh taking a beating check
taking it oh oh you know I got about my
salt rich oh oh shit I didn't even see
that guy excuse me - this game looks
cheap you could probably say the same
thing about the blood more really if you
haven't played it and were you playing
it you know the first time was really
cheap but you learn you get better I
don't know that's gonna be the case here
did you heal uhit's a heal water
blessing heals there this dick that's
got me so give myself bitch give it
thank you okay what there's a fucker in
the late look at that here's a question
should we stream stardew valley at some
point not tonight we can't do it tonight
don't know if I want to share my farm
with you I don't I don't know if I want
to do that I wouldn't think that's the
most exciting game the stream I would
imagine that's one of those games where
you stream it everyone would say that's
boring before I change it this is boring
am I wrong about that no I think they
would love it because we would spend the
whole time talking about other shit
every time we play a game that where we
talk about other shit the Chad thinks
it's boring okay talk about how boring
it is no matter how interesting our
conversation you know what stardew
valley would be a perfect choice for me
mm-hmm Jay is here we're gonna babble on
about about whatever movie nonsense
horror movies or whatever Jay wants to
talk about right what's this
oh that okay that healed me I don't I
don't necessarily know what I do
oh that must be like a lantern I made it
far enough to get a lantern where you
know so Jays Jays here we're talking
about nonsense and bullshit and we just
need pretty visuals in the background
oh okay didn't I has Jason the wish it
you know I'm just gonna go ahead and say
yes and he loved it just to shut
everyone up absolutely Jay love the
witch she saw it all it was great he's
great he told us it was great you know
what I like that like getting your yeah
shortcuts yep
basically and Mariano starter Valley is
not Harvest Moon meets Animal Crossing
it's pure harvest mode there's not much
animal crossing in there anything okay
Oh Karen did I played very little what
what is probably the more accurate
statement is there is there's a good
amount of Harvest Moon there Animal
Crossing is kind of be paired down how
the zoo is what I'm assuming
I've never played the Harvest Moon hmm I
played Animal Crossing
you've played Harvest Moon what you fled
Harvest Moon because you played starter
Valley oh it's really jarring how
identical it is well you know like all
Animal Crossing is is Harvest Moon
without the farming it's harvest moon
with this is Harvest Moon with with more
generous and time limits in your day and
crafting a little bit well I'm saying
animal crossing okay is Animal Crossing
is Harvest Moon without the farming okay
okay you collect stuff you sell stuff
well the villagers are all in the
villages and houses itself pretty
randomly generated there's not like
pre-scripted characters am I wrong about
that
you know you get the friendship level 5
and then you get this this pre-made
cutscene with that character if nothing
is there stuff like that
an animal process on this had been a
while
oh my god
I'm still like getting the buttons down
first bosses number one ball see watch
me weights all those Wow here go nope
nope nope I don't I didn't want any I
didn't want to help with the status I
became still 900 salt oh I probably
should have gone back and leveled up
yeah yeah you probably should but I
really probably should have gone back
and leveled up I get what you're saying
now did you pick the heart of class on
purpose no I was go baby I I picked the
chef because I thought he looked silly
and so you don't have to be the chef
we'll just start the game no you could
be like a guy with a big sword you could
be a thief but I thought the chef looked
silly and look he fights with a giant
fucking pan and I think that's hilarious
oh my god
what am I doing here I have no idea what
you're doing do you know what you're
doing I don't know what oh shit
I'm wasting valuable not evil what I
just wasted a healing proper well I'm
stumped well yeah that's available on PC
or no I believe right now it's only ps4
okay but the chat might very well prove
me wrong right about I guess I'm ready
to posit ok I felt like I did pretty
good for my first boss encounter Salalah
says how dare you make choices based on
fun games are serious business like DC
superheroes right try to jump away rich
do you watch I hate everything no I just
hate everything I don't need to watch it
I never know what it is he lives it I
live it man
roll I got a roll I'm jumping I don't
know why I'm jumping
oh I lose 900 salt forever oh wow do I
still read comic books no and it's been
about a decade or more what was a decade
like shortly after Civil War was about
when I jumped out of comic books which
was I know that wasn't a decade ago I
think that's about a decade ago that
might have been it's about a decade ago
I want to say that might have been like
eight years ago I mean the close to a
decade I guess that's bad choice fuck
you tasting I gotta get some salt rich
yep yeah I get some soap
get some coins what's this it's mine now
Civil War was 2006 to 2007 2006 yep
I'm shocked by this information time
flies when you get older apparently yeah
it's not like you're a kid in a month
felt like forever and I was like holy
shit sperm Funke we're good we're good
what did what did you what did you say I
said that outside of Batman and Superman
and these characters are largely crap
and I stand by that you should stand by
this fire their heroes go green arrow
the flash with us no fucking interesting
villains green arrow who is basically
low-rent Batman
yeah that's exactly what green arrow is
green lantern I guess our eyes I like
the Green Lantern who who made goofy
stuff fairly vague powers we make
anything that's green do whatever and do
what powers whatever is limits I yellow
cover that Blue Beetle Blue Beetle oh I
like cyborg I enjoy I think cyborgs meet
I never liked red a solo cyborg comic
but I I I know of him through various
other things and I find his story to you
yeah you know you've got robot powers
and he can assimilate anything like
robot II or mechanical and use it in his
in his
if you combat feels nice
I'll tell you that I think the game is
ugly as sin but the combat feel mostly
because when you kill people they go
where I mean if you could list all of
the interesting Marvel characters and
then list all of the interesting DC
characters one of these lists would be
really long and the other would not is
all I'm saying
I mean I agree with you but I'm a
horrible Marvel fanboy but I think
that's because I like their characters
better he'll x-men Iron Man definitely
Raqqah Fantastic Four the Avengers
spider-man Batman Superman flash runs
really fast
you want someone who runs when you guys
forgot that there's villains like the
guy throws a boomerang they also run
really fast they kind of have to really
I mean running really fast is like the
most overpowered thing in the world
they also like run fast that's cool Blue
Beetle and Booster Gold you mean not
spider-man and who you know Booster Gold
it has an interesting backstory if I
remember correctly Booster Gold is from
the the distance distant future that's
all I really know about him to be fair
and all of his powers are fairly
standard in the future and he's like an
actor yeah and he uses like he has like
all this technology and he gets thrown
into the past and he's kind of a
dickhead
okay but he has all these powers that US
in the in the present don't have and so
he he tries to be a superhero okay I
think that's you know what I'll give
Booster Gold these games maybe chance
bring it up Nightwing you made Batman
white do you mean that you mean
spider-man
Nightwing is Batman like yeah is anyone
even the parent spider-man well
it's what they do when they want Batman
to be more like spider-man because
Nightwing doesn't have Batman's money or
resources he's underpowered he's in a
new so oh fuck man oh I forgot my
Walkman Jack let's have a conversation
about how awesome Hawkman is oh it's
over all right we haven't started the
conversation and that's not the big of a
Marvel fan boy I'm sorry DC character
just largely suck
right you see their heads fly okay when
you kill him big let's go flying
oh my got some new shit I got some new
shit I got some robes gloves can I can't
wear these no wait I can't wear those
okay great better pants DC has great
villains though Batman has great
villains DC as a whole I'd say less so
Darkseid
who's when he may have came first he is
the less interesting Thanos Lex Luthor
you got Lex Luthor Darkseid and Lex
Luthor Hades dark seed have we had this
conversation start I'm pretty sure sir
sure sure uh person
Bizzaro
no I'm not counting retarded Superman as
a great villain he's a famous villain
but he's not a good villain he's cute
thing just looks like it should be a
thing I think maybe I'll even throw a
gorilla Gruden there you know what
because talking apes are fun
really Ron Grodd you gorilla Groot look
at the gorilla who's also a tree Harley
Quinn yeah we're throwing currently
Quinn in with the Batman villains know
who I fully wouldn't admit Batman has
like one of the Presley the best rogues
gallery Adolf comics yes
maybe I get like double-jump hours later
gorilla grodd
I'll give him a pass because he's a
monkey this is what you said oh I have
salt I can go I can go level up
I can level up I should go do that I
should definitely go do that stop
fucking around
Vandal Savage nobody gives a shit about
Vandal Savage just honestly nobody gives
a shit about Vandal Savage spooky spooky
guy who's spooky and old it's so spooky
I can't even deal with this spooky great
Vandal Savage
we'll get right out of town great Marvel
William the ones that owes dr. doom oh I
don't even like the Fantastic Four of a
doctor to integrate I'm just fucking
awesome yeah he's got a whole thing
especially later dr. doom when he gets a
lot very he just got like he's gotten
governing to deal with magneto
juggernaut Sinestro apocalypse
apocalypse is meat candy I do like
bigger than that but they're not the
funny thing the release of apocalypse is
that you meet new - visual kingpin gang
man spider-man's entire rogues gallery
you know spreads cocoa and Red Skull
kind of just low-rent dr. doom you know
galactus go like this fucking Galactus
what a wonderful idea
just just you know a giant being who
eats whole planets and doesn't give a
fuck about anybody oh hey what's this is
there somebody else here what is it half
of spider-man's rogues gallery is just
spider-man with the spider replaced with
another animal so what that doesn't mean
they're bad villains
villain eads to be somebody interesting
for the hero to fight for whatever
reason what and Doctor Octopus he's just
such a kooky visual you know this is a
scientist guy with four weird-ass metal
arm just coming on the side oh that's a
great visual
some figurative offer the stone
merchants to an altar to allow merchants
to do business in the sanctuary
oh hello look look at it look at all
these ugly-ass people look at all they
do it looks like this game was
originally a Geico gecko brawler but
they couldn't get the licensing right so
they just slapped on the human skin this
is gross
all green goblin heads is a different
color scheme from spider-man
no green Goblin's gimmick and they
should have kept him killed off but his
gimmick was great it was the mystery of
the identity and that was unique that
really was unique he should have stayed
dead though
should I buy any this shit ah okay done
who can I upgrade my pan venoms
overrated a lot of people love venom
though dams have been 3 Venom's
his motivations were awful after after
the initial one like I can see the
initial you know like you could use the
costume the suit had better motivation
than Eddie Brock by far yeah how I need
to salt okay
you ruined my career off panel by
catching a murderer I hate you
spider-man that's Eddie Brock's
motivation and it's terrible yeah but
you know what that was that was just
enough to it for this suit to take to
convince him to work with you right yeah
and so like the initial story works and
then like you said admit what if this to
it like jump that was the initial idea
yeah I think that would mean great after
Eddie Brock I think I'm supposed to be
dr. octopus supposed to get the surgery
oh yeah would have indeed
ha ha ha they didn't do that though
because venom was insanely popular but
you could still have venom I hey hey I'm
not in charge Marvel you you know what
you're right Laura isn't there was an
interview with David Michelin who was
the creator of enemy huh he said it was
gonna be dr. Rock I'm so yeah I'm just
gonna I just gotta go from person person
really gonna be this thing yeah yeah
that could've been a really fun story
line okay I have now leveled up I'm
level two all these bitches are back
there in here Dark Soul style
and he thoughts on flash of enemy not
crazy for it but a lot of people love it
I haven't been to a comic book store in
10 years so I know excuse me I know very
little about Flash venom other than
flash has the venom suit he's a good guy
but I'm not yeah oh yeah he's effort
that makes in fact a lot of things that
season ended last week fYI don't pick up
that DVDs what I'm gonna end up doing I
presume it will be out on DVD at some
point wait a minute jack city hasn't run
a comic in years and you mentioned he
liked reading Kamala Khan's Miss Marple
Ridge hasn't read a comic book in years
as it turns back in fact has as it turns
out rich and Jack are different people I
don't understand that and I know they
don't understand that but it's really
true rich and Jack are entirely
different people in fact I have been
making a real effort to read more comics
because I really enjoy comic books and
so I've been getting out there and
trying new stuff some stuff is stuck
like Kamala Khan I love the new Miss
Marvel and I thought about but that
shit's expensive it really really
expensive digital really helps because
uh you know it's just less expensive
what none superhero comics hooked you in
preacher fucking experiment is Jessie
still have it I think I've managed to
get it back from her I need it I want to
read it like it oh I need a chard oh I
need a chard doll
rich I thought I would be able to
upgrade my shit that's why I came back
here but I need a charge at all
did you know that part part of a part of
a something saying I mentioned John and
John Bryan Superman yeah so Bryan a
burger
yes I'm jumbo John Byrne's Superman is
farm boy Superman ok like classic
Superman before that like Silver Age
he's he's orphaned alien pining for
Krypton Krypton is forever lost him
Superman and that that Superman to me is
really kind of creepy and alien and I'm
not sure I like him ok but the kids like
the science fiction I think so that's
that's like that was insanely popular
Superman many years then John Brian burn
burn I keep I always wanted to say Brian
that stuck in my head even though his
name is be wiring he did the Superman
who was the the farm boy he'd put the
heat width of the man first okay
an emphasis on bond Paul yeah I remember
his origin had you know them jor-el
sending you know baby Superman to earth
and he was like well it's just a
disgusting filthy planet full of these
eight men but when our son will be
really powerful he'll be able to take
over easily he'll be like their king
okay I like that and this plot is foiled
by these these these kindly farm folks
who raised him turn him into a good man
and that yeah that was by far my
favorite version of Superman
that's hot at night all right I'm a
level up now so I'm gonna totally defeat
this ahh denied I just need to remember
roles
I jumped instinctively and rolling is
where it's at
except for that time good fine John
Byrne wrote the story where Superman
killed people
he brought the story where Superman like
murdered Zod and his crew but it wasn't
something he did lightly and it haunted
him greatly afterwards
now that's only gonna be a 5% chance of
beating this guy you know yeah yeah I
totally agree by the way I'm surprised
are giving me that much
like Nick waiting back under any DC
characters other than submit submit in
Batman or think are worth anything well
define worth anything we're talking
about like characters who can headline
their own comic book and maybe
interested well
logo gets old quick logo can be fun but
logo gets old very quick don't worry
about it
like Lobos a fun supporting character
from time wavy lines saying Plastic Man
could hold his own that's totally true
Plastic Man is the greatest comic book
character of all time better know what
about what about the Sandman comics rich
but you really consider that it was a
traitor to Z would you really consider
that a DC Universe character really
Sandman's really well he technically may
have been in the DC Universe I'm not
sure it really stands out as home that's
the second so it's pretty much a
separate thing almost like Swamp Thing
technically it's Marvel what come that's
one things you thinking a Man Thing
some things that Marvel we said
technically that's Marvel when I said
Swamp Thing oh sorry no that was a
question Swamp things not marva nope
really some things DC clothes thanks
vertigo these days man maybe I see
like if you did a Sandman movie it
wouldn't be anything like a superhero
movie technically Superman could go and
say hi to Morpheus
what about the creeper what about him
he looks really stupid worst costume
design ever and I like Steve did Co I
really like Steve Ditko can you roll
through him
yeah Thank You Burt off rolling through
money does that combo okay turn I got a
run when he does the combo I got much
farther than that good good you can do
it jack
I know I can I know I can I feel I can I
know I can I feel it in my bones
oh you good farm I level up I could farm
but I just want you know I'll defeat
those guys then I'll worry about farming
the sodden night
Oh God oh fuck yeah this is so far this
is a no no it's not your best friend
we're pretty much using the weakest
class with the weakest weapon I think he
looks funny does that count
no listen I saw I saw the chef with the
giant iron cam and I said I want to be
that guy it's fine can you do what you
do jack you're doing you doing you don't
let other people tell you what to do
dig they're not gonna rich
oh that's his new one oh right right
right take it easy take it easy
you can do it you do it I have faith in
you Oh Teddy heel oh I tried to heal I
didn't do it I tried to heal calendar
man
yeah calendar man is great he's the
power of holidays
