Episode 107
Udderly Ridiculous part 3 (Stardew Valley)
June 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKO_E9CVTjI
___________________________________________

oh right they're just selfish it was
dumb I could have taken that exit
earlier without wasting my time
gathering useless rocks and wasting
energy for some reason I never didn't
notice the exit had spawned anonymous
says hey rich you just wanted to show my
support for naming an FTL crew member
after Dylan snack Dylan also I'm just an
anonymous fan and definitely not Dylan
not Dylan looking forward to FTL mochi
b85 says Oh No whilst in the mines watch
out for all those zubats
HAP 78 says I was not having a TNG
involving the Dominion War would have
been far better than the shitty bet ku
storyline pillar was a great TV writer
but my god his film scripts sucked
hey I gotta be honest the the back who
storyline that was probably the best TNG
movie
I don't know that it was a crew built
for the the cinematic experience there's
just too many characters in a movie you
probably want to be more focused on a
handful why the the Kirk Spock McCoy
dynamic worked well in film and that's
why the the TNG movies just evolved into
a card beat shit up and so does data um
can mix Ian's 1:20 says rich
I left prereq and everything else you
and Jack do if you called my candor J
right now to come where you are now if
they knew Jack was at home and not
dressed like a clown they would not show
up they would hang up on me
and continue doing whatever they're
doing even if it's just sitting around
doing nothing
aimless kosair says not internal I'm not
entirely sure why but I have a sudden
urge to listen to she rap and think
about how miraculous magnets are anyone
else feeling this or is it just me
anonymous says what's up with the weird
costume today I'm not sure I like your
new look mr. blinken oh yeah it's not
really a new look actually I've had this
shirt for a while it just been a long
time since I've worn it I think I I dug
it out of like the bottom of the closet
recently but yeah it's just my just my
mega man shirt I've ever worn it like
I've just played Santa for you can go go
back and look at older videos I'm
wearing this shirt so there's nothing
new about it handsome Rob says why no
trigger warning on this stream
my second cousin died of clown virus his
deathbed words was just him sliding a
sound whistle down it was devastating
that sound haunts me to this day
2:56 is it like clown day is it National
clown day I thought it might be because
of The Killing Joke news but then it
wouldn't be just clown all clown nothing
but clown talking about Batman he'd
reference The Killing Joke directly I
I don't get it I don't get it okay just
so you know the minimum donation for
having it read is $2 I would like to
have it well that's the minimum where
you could donate I don't I don't know
anything about the technical details
behind that the reason we're doing that
you know me and Jack Jack's not here but
reason you know I say we when he's not
here because it's polite it's polite I
don't want to be an inclusive it's just
so you know we don't get flooded with a
ton of one cent donation so we're gonna
get flooded with donations it's gonna be
$2 donations which hasn't stopped us
from getting flooded but hey at least
it's $2 yonder yonder says you can thank
the Dragon Warrior Games for slimes
being a staple and the fact that Dragon
Warrior fans specifically and JRP fans
in general don't want anything to change
in their games okay I mean the genre is
not one I've ever been particularly fond
of so it's largely oh I found the exit
I'm gonna grab this or
ah you're not dead
a sturdy slime tired sad says hey rich
there a Batman villain not yet shown in
the films that you'd like to see a
future in a future Batman movie is gonna
say Ra's al Ghul but then I remembered
he's in Batman Begins which I've largely
forgotten about to say the honest truth
I didn't think Batman Begins was
especially memorable he was never even
an especially big villain in the comics
either but I always thought the Reaper
was a fucking awesome visual if you
don't know the Reaper appeared in Batman
year 2 which was probably not as good a
follow-up to year 1 as it could have
been but the character was neat he was
the vigilante in Gotham City before
Batman and he had no problem murdering
people and the Reaper had this like big
kind of red armored costume but the way
the armor was designed it looked looked
kind of like muscle it was kind of like
the armor and Bram Stoker's Dracula and
he wore like a silver a chrome skull
mask with his giant black cloak and his
his fists were these two kind of like
maces with a scythe coming out of the
top of the mace and there was also a gun
in there somewhere because I always
thought he was just kind of a badass
visual so I'm just gonna say the Reaper
bacon Jacob says hey rich
have you ever had a long thin balloon
pop directly next to your left ear it's
an experience that it's hard to get over
I hope it never happens to you best
wishes
it's so weird I'm gonna drink some my
birthday my birthday cake soda somebody
sent us his birthday cake soda and I'm
thinking there's no way that can be good
and it's fucking delicious
you usually refer to a soda as delicious
do you however you refer to it it's damn
good die Nazi slime what was that this
thing here I'm fighting that reminds me
of that weird that's some kind of glitch
oh he hops around cuz he's still alive
it's not a glitch I've never had one not
pop instantly into my inventory before
that's kind of great um what would I
rather have there's not much I can do
with the but I can't really sell rocks
either I'm getting rid of the rocks
shadow elite oh here one set shark
shadow elite five one sent short I stick
to my guns all right
I don't see stairs that I hope I find
one for running out of too much energy I
did I got a chest what I get I got boots
that's fine
boots are fine actually I'm gonna wear
my boots which look pretty much exactly
like the default shoes I think they're a
little bit brighter
all right can need a lot more or if I
want that watering can
I'm gonna need at least 25 of them at 13
it's 5:00 shit I hate those things I
have until midnight or until they we're
out of it energy or health oh you fucker
die oh I hate these things
cheese that's noxious we're going down a
level
oh definitely Elvin Fox's rich here's
money for any soda of your choice from a
the only person I know of who doesn't
drink alcohol for the same reasons as me
cool filmmaker freak is donating 50
cents so I read shadows message you know
I'll do that oh you know what I'll merge
them I'm fine
who is this weird clown where is Jack
what TF is going on here read this you
hack frauds this weird clowns rich Evans
thank you for insulting me you prick
Jack is at home watching his children
tonight his his wife had a thing
call me a clown lord knows everyone
knows that jack was the one who went to
Clown College
you're calling me a clown clown College
can you believe that shit
Jack went to Clown College tired and sad
says rich did you ever play the mario
RPG force nests also what was your
favorite game for the first generation
system like the PlayStation 1 or Sega
Saturn oh that's cute the PlayStation
was not the first generation your if you
want first generation you're talking
like the fucking Atari like a guitar
eman and there were no good games on it
because it was the fucking Atari 2600
far as favorite games if you just want
to ask people like my favorite
PlayStation game is I think Mega Man
Legends is highly underrated and I never
played Super Mario RPG
I didn't play Super Paper Mario I like
that anonymous says hey rich is it just
my excuse in front of hallucinations or
is this solo stream positively wacky yak
yak yak yak have a lovely rest of the
stream and lol fuck my cock oh it's kind
of wacky I guess I mean reading
donations and we're playing some stardew
valley I said extremely wacky but I
guess one's definition of wacky can vary
from person to person
it's wacky for someone is positively
normal for someone else
deep deep now is this thing worth it
no bug juice I could use later but
that's kind of much later I definitely
wanna keep my coal and I only came here
for the or I don't want to eat some
algae dr. soya neighs says hello make
sure I could pause this rich when you
see jack please let him know that the TM
BG show in Houston not only included Ana
ng but also the album flood in its
entirety but don't say anything to the
clown he may start crying what clone
walk alone
many the Vera King says rich the empty
chair to your left blocks some of the
game interface how much money is needed
to knock that share over with all your
might I'll do it right now there knock
that chair over
time is it 1040 I got plenty time plenty
of time not plenty of energy though
don't want a round of energy in the
minds
oh good
fuck fuck I am Keith David says rich you
hate any actors that are liked by most
I've never been especially fond of Will
Smith as a dramatic actor I've liked his
comedy stuff as far as anyone I hate
who's well-liked no one I can think of
off the top of my head I guess Adam
Sandler I think most people hate him in
reality or at least a lot do not most
HAP 78 says rich please inform Jack that
whether he be fuck bite vibe I read this
again I'm sorry about that rich please
inform Jack that whether he be fuck pop
5,000 a master voice actor or creepy ass
clown that his verbose ofnews has been
highly missed this stream I will let
Jack know that you miss him next time I
see Jack actress I hate you I hate huh
hey I'm fine yeah I'm fine with most
people it's fine
I heard anything like an actor I
wouldn't see the movie if I thought they
were in it I have tried I don't know
that I'd go as far as to say I hate him
but Tom Cruise has a tendency to make me
uncomfortable watching him on camera
hates probably a bit strong
Anonymous is rich how much money does it
take to punch that clown I there's no
cloud I don't know why keep talking
about clone tired and sad says who's
worse Jay Leno or Jimmy Fallon all right
now I didn't list him because he's not
an actor but I hate this shit out of Jay
fucking not funny at all Leno so when it
comes to Jay Leno versus Jimmy Fallon
fuck Jay Leno fuck Jimmy Fallon too but
especially fuck Jay Leno we have enough
money to buy some crops ali reza says is
that a sun-eater I'm not I'm not sure
what a sun-eater is but I I don't know
things what do you want Clint will you
care about my rocks Clint none of your
business rocks I have
for absolutely no good reason I'm
thinking about shakes the clown I don't
know why but you started thinking about
shakes the clown
now can i craft a first why need it Oh
20 or oh shit I guess the order is
useless to me unless I can melt it down
anyway
so alright that's gonna put off my my
water can plans even longer hence a
frosh says being a huge mass effect fan
from day one are you looking forward to
Andromeda at all
I'm I would no longer consider myself a
Mass Effect fan Mass Effect 3 the ending
was so terrible I actually honestly
would say it retro actively ruins the
first two games for me I tried to play
the first one like after playing Mass
Effect 3 it felt like I was part of a
funeral procession because it's all one
big train to fuck you
so I no longer even consider myself a
fan I am NOT looking forward to
Andromeda in fact if you send me a
physical copy of Mass Effect Andromeda I
will destroy it on camera
did the lackluster ending of any three
spoiled for you are you unbiased towards
future and me installments there you
have it I already answered that before I
even read the question many the Vera
King says so I'm pretty sure you are
being haunted
not only did that share fix itself back
up right but I bet the floating beer can
we'll get closer to the screen with that
spooky ghost noises with spooky ghost
noises sorry you're all y'all are and
going to weird places tonight
filmmaker freak is since please retitle
the stream Wonderbread I'm not sure why
just I need this weird places the night
you guys are going I don't get it I
don't I don't get it I'm just having a
boring stardew valley stream a very
boring start
Valley Stream it's all weird do it I
know I need some of this shit no hang on
Oh Eddie to the furnace
I need for the first we'll do some
crafting orange stone don't have stolen
lying around how much do I have just
enough just enough and then we'll
probably have to go back to the fucking
mines today but fortunately every five
levels you get in the mine it remembers
your progress so I need a plan today - I
can't go straight to the mine alright
boy they so much shit to do
it's not easy work being a farmer man
orange orange Joe one two two zero the
pixel guy says so Jack didn't get upset
that I depicted him with the light beam
bouncing off of his head
funny story I showed Jack his little
pixel guy where the light beams bouncing
off of his head and he's just staring at
it and I'm like why isn't he smiling and
I thought oh and I said jacked you know
what those are and he said no I said
that's the shine coming off your head
and he laughed he laughed and I like the
ha ha that came with mine I'm pointing
and I have a little zipper ha ha thing
there's a great those are great I love
them
whole lot a little bitter I'll read some
of these later I want to get the tongue
Oh goddamn it I'm so used to my game I
was gonna hop on my horse but I don't
have my horse yet I don't need that now
I will need you that's a tongue I'll
just buy as much as I can't fuck it all
right drew JN says when you go back to
the shop please have a Don Wilson
monologue I feel the stream needs it
legend have done Wilson must not be
forgotten say you can't you can't you
can't put pressure me on my I mean like
that it's not it doesn't it doesn't just
happen it's not magical
it seems magical but I've gotten so
lucky with just finding Don Wilson Rance
where I shouldn't have I'll do it and
Don Wilson's voice but I can't I cannot
guarantee rent in any way shape or form
yeah and we gotta kill half an hour to
do to to to to to to to to to to
last night all right we can go in now oh
wait that cost money the geodes aren't
worth it it's not were than I need to
buy as many seeds as I can
we're gonna be the crop kings
finding love produce I'll take it off
your hands reasonable price
like I like there's many apples as you
can get me I need apples I got a I got
AI got a loose tooth it's not that loose
so I need a lot of apples to make sure I
get it out I kind of just moves like
like you really it barely moves at all
but I'm just gonna I just like get rid
of the tooth says that's pathetic that
was that was just pathetic
what else did I have to work with III
you know what did I have to work with
her I tried nonsense
ever since that last will the worst I
now have an avid interest in mushroom
hunting seriously so thanks for making
fun of that poor dead mushroom fuck keep
up the good work I'll tell you something
there are more L mushrooms in this game
yeah known for potatoes I'm down with
I'm down with potatoes that's probably
more than I can water so I think I'm
good with that I don't I don't know that
we're gonna get to the point where I can
afford a cow to named after people
and it's starting to run a bit choppy I
don't know my computer's happy with me
right now
oh yeah well you got
we got Jackass that now it's all fine
it's all fine don't need some of that
shoot at the goddamn Museum oh I ain't
even talked to this guy yet
M Ismail not a single piece in the
entire collection I say I say son I say
I say I can't do you somebody Sam this
guy's totally using you somebody Sam
them what's all this you found something
let me see it yeah yeah all right what
you got here now is that looks like you
got some things remarkable yeah yeah I'm
very old now yeah I'd love to the son is
in greater detail but it says this is
yours I'm not just lost it I had it for
a second I got a favor to ask you
you consider donating it and do our
facts minerals that you find we can make
a groundbreaking discovery together oh
who knows you keep donating I might come
across mixed items in your way your
rascal
yeah that's terrible
I need jack for voices look if I'm not
doing Sonny bonds or Don Wilson I'm
failing I'm covered in flop sweat does
that donation bring that object for
disco an area y'all use ooh here's what
naughty heart
yeah sure
take this shit I don't need it jack
jackass I miss my horse I'm so slow
without my horse
look choppy to you or just me
okay all right a lot of fun to do I'm
going to take a break and then I'll
hurry up my farm and whatnot I'll be
right back
okay by the way I owe Milwaukee an
official apology I I had bitched months
and months ago maybe even a year and
your year and years ago that there were
no good gyros in Milwaukee and people
said well what about what on Oakland
gyros and I've been to Oakland gyros
before I wasn't impressed I was not
impressed at all and the other day I was
just I was just in the mood for a damn
hero it's like fuck it I went to Oakland
gyros and maybe it's because I went to a
different restaurant a different Oakland
gyros I don't know it was good it excuse
me said Jones :
it was not the best I've ever had that
still goes to Mickey zeros and on Cicero
and I think it's still in Hope forest
but it was pretty good know what I do
have an issue up with with Oakland
heroes don't make me assemble my own
fucking sandwich if I asked for like
sauce and fed up on my gyro
put it on the ear oh why do I have to do
this work myself that's weird that's
weird I just I want these things or I
would I would have asked for like plain
or hold of this or that like I finished
my gyro and it was good and then I
noticed like this this big hunk of feta
cheese they put off with side whoa I
didn't know there was feta cheese over
there don't don't make me put together
my sandwich that's so weird but was good
it was good
why is rich bitching about this again
I'm not bitching about it I'm
complimenting it I said it was a good
year Oh y'all go fuck yourselves you
didn't want to see me as a hater
you don't care about truth or facts you
just want to pretend I'm a hater I hate
everything
oh that's everything
taking a fork
collecting data data data data
collecting data this is rich next time
you see Jack tell him he is awesome
thank you I will do that
thank you collecting data I'm not gonna
tell Jack not getting Jack a fuck
himself
Pokemon loving fucking idiot
Firewatch is a game where you get lost
you gotta find your direction but you
gotta turn half of the game off before
works
I don't bad for saying that
you know Chuck Chuck might watch this
happy fact I feel bad for saying that
that fucking faggot I said it nothing I
can do about it I said what I said to do
but go with it go full asshole alright
that's all the work I'm doing today in
this game um Michael Cody C aces rich
kudos for mentioning quake 2 the other
day no one gives that game enough love
and what is the next best to the worst
I can't tell you when the next best
immerses but you're welcome on quick to
on inflamable says it's Jai it's it's J
Rho u Farkle J Rho dou P dou you think
Perry is the capital of thumbs but I
went in the restaurant and the man at
the restaurant who was Greek who ran and
owned the Greek restaurant told me it
was called a gyro when I specifically
asked him how is the proper way to
pronounce this so fuck off fuck off
um wait it's just this is no this is not
the next day men sherbert I think it's
always past men sherbert and his men
Schobert actually it says fuck Firewatch
yeah fuck it
shadow elite 5 says rich would you
please switch chairs it would give us
the weird satisfaction in the chat no oh
well not fine where I am
follow the beat of my own drummer not
you not your drummer I don't care about
your drummer your drummer is an asshole
all that helps Nestle
I can't I can't tell if someone's here
or if the wind just keeps blowing shit
around that's some win
like I don't remember hearing the door
it sounds like someone's walking it's
just the wind that's when the killer
walks in the killer has dressed like a
clown walks in and and slits my throat
his clones are inherently creepy I can't
tell you how much I hate clowns they
make me so fucking uncomfortable like I
can't believe there are people out there
who enjoy and are amused by clowns
it makes no sense
all right 9:00 a.m. it's early
everything's watered and I yeah we're
going for or I need or want to upgrade
my shit that's my plan
is there such a thing as clone porn
probably I wouldn't doubt it
I wonder I wonder of clowns have sex by
like making balloon animals genitalia
and and like fucking like a rubber
rubber balloon with another rubber
balloon I wonder if that's the way the
way is that clown masturbation
Oh
quiet down Louis I don't care about the
story stuff right now I don't even tell
you till tell you my grandfather said
goodbye because I hate you Louis
apparently
do they come confetti I don't know if
clones come confetti but they probably
show up at the gangbang and just one
tiny clown car that's where all of the
clowns from the gangbang they just get
out of the one tiny clunker that's all I
know
the real van says in modern Greek before
front vowels the hello in modern Greek
before front vowels the velor stop gamma
has become pol analyzed into a glide
versus what has happened in English
where it has become the Africa J so
basically rich is right okay
like I mu I don't understand any of that
because I was always very terrible at
English which you've heard me speak it's
my primary language and I'm a horrible
at it then terrible in English class
skeletal snuggles is rich does it ever
worry you that maybe you're being
silently judged by a clown in a very
very far away place not anywhere close
to me well I don't care if a clown's
judging me what do I care are some clown
thinks clones are clowns are less than
human really they're the scum of the
earth
fuck clowns
Michael Cote CA says she thought you
guys should have a Star Trek commentary
or video were you were you guy and Mike
were you on the jam some evening J and
Mike talking about the episode movie and
just oh maybe you're not and just forced
J to be in there and have to listen and
comment on the show so this is the whole
thing going out of here I'm not gonna
get to any of this shit tonight but
you're gonna upgrade the community
center by doing things for the the
magical little apple Goblin guys we've
have to go talk to the wizard or
something it's fine I came here I came
her to mine and mine we shall
what happens if I don't upgrade the
community center nothing because the
game doesn't give a fuck what I do yeah
the game is nice like that you do
whatever the fuck you want and I think
I'm gonna get through one more day of
this then I'm gonna turn on FTL I think
I think should be a good run I'll do a
no pause run and you know jack won't be
here to distract me with blathering or
anything no distractions and I can have
a successful no pause run Oh shadow bugs
lettuce more mate I'm just gonna leave
oh god oh god I hate this books
yeah I don't have my nice mouse with my
custom pause button on Oh tight loose I
went on there now their money I'm brain
dead
there's no vanity on out it's all fine
it's all fine
oh wow the Batman vs Superman thing is
to love it
Harris all right all right I'm gonna try
this no pause so I'm probably not gonna
be reading many donations
I probably want to nonnamous says hey
rich in past solo streams we've all
watched movies together if you plan to
play all night do you have any
recommendations I don't thing we're
gonna go all night tonight I'm just not
feeling it
and get him out of the way now handsome
Rob says I know you guys hate
point-and-click but have you ever played
day of the tentacle full throttle or
even the original Sam & Max humor alone
makes those games worth playing I
actually haven't played those nearly
I've played on Lucas ends Lucas arts
side I've played maniac mansion
there's only vaguely point-and-click and
grim fandago really from those part
gruff militaries his friendly reminder
second request gruff volunteering for
FTL crew duty and Dylan that Dylan says
hey rich I've run out of clever ways to
remind you to name an FTL crew member
about me after me but if you send me
your address I'll order you a pizza and
have them write a reminder on the inside
of the box that's the best way to do it
all right and I'm will like I said I
mean you know no pause so I'm probably
not gonna be reading donations except
those last one corpse lot says I know
you guys probably don't like taking
suggestions take suggestions but I think
your stream would really benefit from
something more whimsical
perhaps a clone just spitballing there
we go Lloyd pizzas no pause will mean
silence in this stream also did that 25
mean we still get an FTL next stream if
this goes well if this is a victory then
no if I fail early then yes is that some
fair I want I want to I think I'm one
good full FTL run I think is fair
not a half-assed one though I I want to
I want to click new game and I'm looking
at the OBS screen where it shows what
we're streaming and I almost clicked on
the new game like in the window that
shows what we're streaming I was weird
for a second I thought I saw it cloned
alright new game I did kestrel last time
I use Osprey a lot let's go with let's
go with an insane we stupid stealth ship
run
that's dumb that's really dumb Dre is
now Dylan
Dylan not dylan nida fromage no one
fucking thing fucking alright who else
we got here
Oh Graf Mick military and I think
leftover beefcake asked earlier to be
named after a farm animal but we didn't
get a farm animals so get beefcake
ah it's fine it's fine he's just gonna
show up as a gruff anyway we're throwing
told me if that's too loud you should be
hearing it though should be hearing
something all right
into the breach everybody take a nice
big drink my birthday cake Cola still no
sound all right hold on hold on so Hank
if you're out why you're getting no song
nothing
a pain in the ass
what do I know
why not
Oh
now this is kind of weird stardew valley
conflict going on or what
oh and you don't um you know I might be
maybe it's turned down on my mixer yep
all right now let me go back to OBS
defin everybody well this does what am i
what am i mouse cursor go now I were
cursed its I can click on things but
it's invisible I have an invisible mouse
cursor unless this thing is just dying
are we gonna have to restart the stream
that would be obnoxious
what the fuck get out of there you
cocksucking battery
why are you you're right you in there so
good not even convinced the batteries
the problem all right
my old battery is actually jammed into
the mouse Oh God
I never want to do that again that was
awful fucking awful
still no mouse cursor well it's just
peachy peachy keen
all right interesting
no that's not what I want you to do it
all
all right we're gonna restart the
computer
