Episode 110
Hyper Light Playay (Hyper Light Drifter(Part 1))
June 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofbmuSIUPCU
___________________________________________

that's fine you know what Richard I
think it's fine I think it's fine paper
light search searching hyper light
drifter
okay update stream info successfully up
dated
okay now we're very tiny but I think
that's okay
there's hyper light drifter we're ready
to go riches oh shit yeah fuck yeah I
get to play I'm gonna play hyper light
drifter it's gonna be great yeah a
little bit not terribly much okay boom
hyper light drifter I'm gonna start a
new game
are you okay with this yeah I don't know
there's different slots okay great empty
and two named Jack yes that is the cover
art free a heavy metal album tents on
them see her
there's a heavy metal album okay let's
do this
octo Jay we have 32 minutes before we
have to stand up again 32 minutes I did
reset my stand-up timer did you change
the industry I did change in a ministry
everything's updated we should be good
to go oh that's pretty that's pretty
pixel art right there - look at that
I took someone weeks
oh look giant people Oh dead people
no idea what's going on it looks neat
yep that's my feelings about the game so
far
yeah it looks neat and I have no idea
what's going on yep looks neat oh and a
puppy I would watch an entire movie with
this art style someone who says it looks
like an animated movie yes if this was
an entire movie I would absolutely watch
this it's beautiful
mr. Gore that's exactly what I'm saying
everyone's really excited about chiptune
they'll
look really neat but was also just
beautiful hand-drawn art style yeah and
you know like you play is like old
Viking gods and you have to work like
fight your way into Valhalla
fuck yeah kind of top-down isometric
fighting game and just dull shit fresh
down to the deep paddies I don't know if
it hasn't used he just sits down he
takes a break oh here she I'm really not
sure it
oh just rests it well you hope the fire
hurts okay the fire hurts just press
actually sometimes you just like stop up
coffee blood Oh fine
all right the real van sink says it's
pronounced yotan yotan sure I'm reading
that so I'm still not a hundred percent
sure right that's a proper pronunciation
jotoon yotan sounds much more Viking
cool it was just it's a dull game and
it's blood-borne is that he wasn't
sharing you kinda have to pause the game
he'll sure I did I did hear many of this
game has blood-borne ii elements Souls
these Souls these elements crossing with
Super Meat Boy just just in the dying
you start again right all those in the
same area sure you are mine now so I'm
so happy I love a sort of animation his
sword animation is fucking awesome those
strikes look like they hurt he's giving
it as all fuck yeah
Jack did you see Kung Fu Panda 3 with
your children no okay
I I did see the Kung Fu Panda one with
my children and they enjoyed it in
general and then we didn't see any other
ones well anything difficult from now on
shat is gonna be called like souls even
though it plays nothing like Dark Souls
just because it's difficult there you
say oh that's just like Dark Souls oh
you think
yeah
look at climbing animation what what
striker 1 1 2 1 you don't get a soul
sense from this really because it's
really not like Souls you're absolutely
right a gun
oh I get it I get it
yes shoot the thing yeah shoot the thing
for people compared to Zelda I've heard
I've heard his old it was an inspiration
for this
I don't really dig to vaguely see it I
mean it's top down on this kind of an
open world but sure good that was the
right one to kill first he had a gun
yeah yeah I saw that I did that
strategic didn't used to dodging yeah
this yeah get used to that
okay / - charge gun weed a monster am I
gonna fight you
shocking we know oh I was like I was
like okay this is the this is the thing
now maybe later okay okay maybe later
maybe they're just setting that up yeah
I've played for like an hour a half okay
okay gotcha dodge roll staple of Dark
Souls and a ton of other games before
Dark Souls
yeah dodging that you know the staples
of Dark Souls our enemy respawning
getting upgrade items from your enemy
that you can lose if you die but regain
collecting the things you lost
collecting the Quincy lost yeah there
there are other things that make a Dark
Souls game Dark Souls not just dodge
slower paced meaningful action I would
say they're not hyperkinetic button mash
fest very purposeful action yeah you
figure out what attack works on that
thing and do it constant sense of dread
in the best the best possible way
bird it's not your bird had either of
you seen the 30th anniversary zelda
tribute with all the pixels traded out
for voxels yeah it's an in-browser they
recreated if this is what you're talking
about they recreated the original Legend
of Zelda with a 3d environment that you
can play fully in browser I haven't I
haven't seen it it just sounds like an
ugly way to play The Legend of Zelda
yeah but you know what I've heard about
it I've seen like a screenshot it's cute
sure it's cute is what it is I don't
know if you'd actually want to play it
but it's cute 3d dot hero yeah 3d value
is actually a great 3d classic Legend of
Zelda game 3d nine heroes is good you
hate it too I think
I didn't hate it I was just like it was
it was just too it was far too similar
didn't it didn't offer enough new things
to keep me interested it's going to get
a lot harder oh I assumed I definitely
assumed I was um yeah it's taking like
just a hair too long to get moving
yeah but they're building atmosphere I
get it I get it
turtle DeWine says rich what was the
name of that movie you recommended
earlier in the stream something theory I
think is it as good as roar if if it is
as good as roar it will be amazing
hahahaha okay the movie I recommended is
called blind fury and it call it's
called blind fury because it's a movie
about a blind Rutger Hauer who kills a
bunch of people with his sword that
doubles as his cane that's great it's
just great it's a very fun action movie
that nobody ever talks about it's
probably not like roar is it soul is its
own special kind of weird enough
familiar with work roar is the movie
like with about like people who train
real lions and there's real lions in the
movie and apparently like the actors
work Oh scared as shit while making it I
heard about that I read about that it
was it was that be fest this year and so
didn't that lions get like writing
credit because everyone had whatever the
Lions do with it that's the joke sounds
like a horribly horrible idea that
should have killed somebody I don't know
what I'm doing
what Jack who Skrillex app zap this is
hey guys have you seen Batman V Superman
seems like something you'd be interested
in also what is your take on Days of
Thunder I think they're being I think
they're big I think they're being funny
I haven't seen Days of Thunder though
yeah yeah I have I've seen Days of
Thunder I just don't care about race
cars NASCAR is just like the dullest
looking thing well that's why you watch
a movie cuz they can edit it they can
edit it to look exciting
I can't watch NASCAR for more than like
three minutes like they're going around
god this is so boring
they're just going in a circle yeah you
won't find words in this game
I noticed that Oh fine I don't want to
talk to you either
apparently I can't buy that yet I want
to buy that okay I can't talk to you
fine all right
most of this area is nothing but shops
which you can't buy anything right I'm
just gonna go out here then see what see
what's out here bones
there's some bones you can shred boxes
sometimes there are things in boxes
cool
okay I think your angle was slightly
wrong but I think and get there from
maybe not from there you're probably
hitting the tree maybe from that other
does that look like you can get there oh
wait no up it a little bit diagonal
I think like the Gap area okay oh
there's nothing here
oh this might be him down there oh yeah
see there's the thing can I get that
thing I can oh good something happened
yes I figured out what those are but
okay yeah well that's neat
I like I like that the we have to use
the your super - to cross boundaries
oh no no WDS I've not played battle for
wesnoth not even even know what the hell
it was not this I don't know if that was
an enemy or not but I killed it a little
black thing yeah you moved so I killed
you
I have my gun we have any major projects
in the book now it's space cops done
nothing nothing on the scale of space
cob I'm working on a thing for best of
the worst yeah but there's not like it's
not like currently a plan for another
movie currently was my favorite
platforming game I've always been fond
of the Mega Man X Games though the
classic Mario's are all great - it's
probably a boring answer but I'm gonna
go with either Mario World Mario 3 or x1
x2 or x3 Megaman X you know you don't
get to shoot things as Maria really well
you get the fire brick yeah it's not the
same I agree breath he's throwing those
fireballs he's clearly got some mighty
number 9 I might play just fine
obviously I've not played it but I gotta
say visually my t9 looks ugly as fuck oh
man and they've released some test
levels i backed my t9 yeah and they've
released some some like early levels and
man do they play like garbage
really oh Jesus
no yep that's sad what okay all bad guys
okay that's what he said there's a bad
guy up there this is what happens when
you try to tell a story completely
without words and you're not really that
great well yeah it just takes a little
bit we gotta get into the world into the
world like okay cough and blood
something's gonna happen I'd love for a
little bit action to happen I'm itchin
thank you my dear
what does Jack's favourite platformer
can I can rich tell you me tell them
what Jack screams sure Jack's favorite
platformer is a sewer rat that's Sega CD
game or was it my trap nice I think it
was night I dread night rap is my
favourite platformer absolutely nailed
it rich what
it's kind of amazing how badly they
dropped the ball on mighty number 9
considering the company who makes it
just does mega man and mega man light
games what's his face drama Plunkett his
name the Mega Man guy yeah
who's making mighty 9 maybe maybe it's
maybe this is why they stopped making
Mega Man games at Capcom you know maybe
it has something to do with it it could
be that maybe he got bad at making games
maybe he lost his touch
I don't know throw that out there as a
possibility it's it's very possible ever
played maximum carnage it's a Spider Man
game it's based on the single well well
I can't say the single worst spider-man
story of all time there's been a lot of
terrible ones at this point but at the
time it was the worst spider-man story
ever I played the game and this again is
fine carnage is such a lousy character
you found a secret I didn't find that do
you define that
no shit mean there's a glowing thing
there's a glowing thing right here I
know what's up I'm great at games I play
them all the time
Dubey sandwich the juubi sandwich going
back to dog films I tipped on the last
ring have you two heard of the film
white god if not you should check it out
and Jack you should see this with your
kids it's family fun white god not hurt
it you know what I can only assume that
he's being facetious Oh Oh dick
I can't hit him when he's higher in the
air he swoops down when he charges out
here then you might be able to hit him
with the gun don't forget you had a gun
I did I did forget I had a gun that's
exactly what happened Thanks
doink doink did you guys try it out
wonderful 101 no but the name is
familiar but is wonderful 101 it's like
a superhero action game that's that's
all I got oh that was a platinum game
right and I've not played
well what'd you think Jack I'd like more
things to happen but the art style is
very compelling I'm just really hoping
that they don't have their head up their
ass
story-wise where they they're like we
don't need the gameplay because we're
telling no there's gonna be game play
yeah I'd like that to happen sooner they
were getting close yeah I feel like I'm
getting close so I'm not too worried
like this across the Rob Vader 12 says
Brave Little Toaster versus all dogs go
to heaven which is the better film
I never celebrate a little toaster
what's the one with the rabbits then
I'll buy when they're trying to go to
their new home that's the better film
rabbits what's the one where all the
cute things die that's the one Rachel
likes do you guys ever consider trying
out the original killer instinct game oh
I'm not a big fighting game guy I would
consider trying it out but not super
hyped about the idea is one more day the
reason I stopped reading spider-man yes
yes I would say it's the final nail in
the coffin I I dealt with maximum
garbage that I then I had to deal with
the the fucking I am the spider shit
that that overrated hack was doing was
his fucking name like not david
michelinie
what everyone loves what I killed Kraven
I can't think of his name the Metis were
where Peter Parker's parents came back
and there were the chameleons robot
clones and then Spiderman pouted and he
only wanted to be spider-man ever liked
that story I suffered through that
garbage that I suffered through the
fucking Clone Saga
then I suffered through fucking John
Byrne and Howard Mackie fucking
everything over then J I'm asking him on
and the book started to get really good
and then when Stacey had fast aging
goblin babies and one more day was the
last straw
but it did they worked at it for like a
decade they slowly chipped away at your
will to ever work for back issues I
don't think I have a little um
spider-man yeah cuz what I around the
time I started reading is around the
time all the garbage started to happen
my spider-man love was fueled by back
issues I'm sure many these were as the
that is the gift in the curse of
superhero of comic books in general is
there's there's so many there's so many
iterations and so many different things
to love you take little bits of
characters that you like from this story
and then a new writer gets it and take a
little bits of that character that you
like and to make it perfect perfect
thingy beamed what did I think of
spider-gwen I'm just not reading by that
point I read I read a couple issues of
spider-gwen
and it takes place in an alternate
universe in which gwen stacy good
spider-powers and it's like I don't care
that's what I said I said didn't care
but yeah there's a glowing thing
yeah and you were fighting oh and it was
like something update on your map check
him out
you have glowing things in your back now
let's go north
no go down just stuff north - that's
what a big bad guy is but yeah this
thing yeah I want to see what I want to
see what he did
I don't I don't love spider-gwen like I
love Kamala
what are your I'd doughnuts is what are
you feeling about bottom limb bottomless
pits in games as they're handled now
doesn't it defeat the point when you
just respond like right by the pit yeah
I don't like bottomless pits at all in
games I hate I hate the cheap one
instant kill deaths I always hate those
ah speaking of Jetson you can't get this
one now oh why the fuck not it showed my
map and instead of glowing thing was
there it also showed going blowing
things up and to the left
nobody's gonna show you this soon they
said there's a new glowing thing
appeared down have either of you guys
watched spectacular spider-man it's
probably the best spider-man series ever
I would say it's even better than the 90
series is Craig nation yeah I hated the
90 series actually no less big yeah
spectacular spider-man fucking awesome
there's probably a clip on YouTube of
when he fights the sinister six watch
that and it will sell you on the show
okay spectacular spider-man spider-man
vs. the sinister six it is it is the
best Spiderman animated anything I've
seen a couple of the the ultimate
spider-man's the new cartoon where he
has like the big head and the anime shed
every now and then yeah have fun with it
me
have I ever seen the HBO animated series
of spawn what I think I have and I don't
remember anything that happens in it
spawns kind of thing you like when
you're like 14 oh my god fun so cool and
you're not quite smart enough to realize
that time McFarland's a complete hack
who had no direction with what he was
doing with the book it was just drawing
shit he's gonna have so many muffled
guys double the flavor game and he's
gonna have like claws wife dark
it's got he's got a motorcycle spawn
something you grow out of that is
possibly the most accurate description
of spawn I've ever heard rich
Hey
whoa settle the fuck down I hope I was
supposed to kill you cuz I did spawn was
like the stupid version of The Crow whoa
can use your Dodge man you played you
played blood-borne dodge listen there's
too many Neil Breen says rich boy is RL
I'm selling priceless movie memorabilia
on Craigslist the space cop car belongs
in a museum
uh is that on Craigslist it shouldn't be
it I don't I've never look you might be
getting scammed I've heard nothing about
any spacecraft memorabilia being on
Craigslist it's possible he's impossible
I don't really know nobody if that's the
thing nobody mentioned it to me is
probable you're getting scammed it's
possible I have a feeling we would have
been told if stuff was going up for sale
oh shit
what do you think about okay I'm not uh
you know yeah how about that yeah
not like a hundred percent Soviet button
goodnight
the art style goes a long way to get me
in the mood you know
i'ma try clicking on this do it how do I
open listener new URL open URL
it was just automatically do it it's
like a boss weird
oh yeah it's boss yeah but obviously
that's a completely unrelated car well I
would've loved to have used that one for
space cop though that looks great Oh
oh yeah that was great I'm gonna say
it's a shame we didn't have that
errotica says jack and hearses game
reminds me of Titan Souls Jackie you
played titan souls yeah is it no okay
Titan Souls Titan Souls is a game
comprised of only boss fights and has a
simple premise which is you only have
one arrow and you only need to hit the
bosses once to kill them and so it's
it's more it's it's very different this
is this is an action game this has this
has minions
I mean I haven't gotten very far of this
image there's a lot of potential in the
combat yeah and like I can see with like
upgrades and stuff that already I'm
digging the dodge yeah technicals like
does have like a roll like you know it
doesn't it's not just about like the era
you do have like a roll so maybe that's
what they're talking about but I
wouldn't call this like Titan souls very
different you tuned or whatever you
called it earlier you know to yotan is
very much like Titan cells where it's
only boss fights Jack Tripper Joyce
what's the game where you roll around
collecting stuff making you get bigger
and bigger Katamari was a diamond scene
Davison DC cut them out Adam I see hey
everybody it's time to stand up TPB time
to stand up take a little break time to
stand up and take a little break I'm
gonna grab oh no their beer while I'm
standing up to take a break
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo taking a
break take it off break dig it up break
break break
sweet Mary Joseph and Jesus and all the
saints okay
everybody welcome back got to married
Emma see what a great game great okay
here we go here we go ah but yeah so
this isn't anything like Titan Souls
this is an action game this this has
more potential Titan Souls got a little
oh that's well you can just shoot I do
definitely need to utilize my gun more
you forget about that gun real easy to
forget about the gun
ah fuck you fuck everything jack
fuck everything now I'm getting my gun
and slime mixed up why you're doing
terrible and help me no no I got all the
all fresh health packs you got a time
that you can hit him or right look right
before they hit yup now or shoot him
don't it's not the biggest fan pixel
honor but he respects the skill that
goes into making it
are there any urge sounds and you are
not a fan of but can respect not a fan
of but can respect oh it's deep
III think if there's an art style I
respect then I'm a fan of it yeah you
know like it kind of goes hand in hand
where it's like listen like it's not
about pixel art it's about good pixel
art like obviously this has a ton of
detail and this is not anything that
couldn't appear like on an NES or Super
Nintendo they weren't trying to cheap
out they want they had a style in mind
and so you know
she's like a saved Lord Belmont says I
am really looking forward to doom I
really hope you have a doom Street what
else are you really looking forward to
battle born with a watch bravely second
Mirror's Edge total war Warhammer
uncharted form I am really looking
forward to overwatch multiplayer online
only it's I'm going to want to play that
it's gonna that's my gonna be my tf2
replacement I'm waiting for it to come
out of to come out of early access is
still in like beta and whatnot
I'm I'm looking forward to it it looks
fun all I've read about it looks so much
fun a very exciting class-based
multiplayer online only shooter oh damn
that's gonna be my jam
I don't frequently get super hyped about
things that are upcoming these days what
a while but doom is the closest to it
okay I wanna play there - doom sure nope
no like I wasn't loving some of the new
monster designs but if it plays good
those are matters if they can capture
that kind of old-school fast pace sure
yeah I'll be down with that I don't
think I'm supposed to be here yet
oh I know I've been paying attention to
thee to the drama surrounding the the
lady and over watches but jesus H Christ
the Rising Sun says hey rich this is a
really dumb question but I remember a
while ago Andrew Garfield Andrew
Garfield mentioned Peter Parker being
Jewish which some people disagreed on
Jeff any thoughts on spider-man's
alleged Jewishness Jewishness Jewishness
um I never saw him as being Jewish the
character believes in something he's
he's mentioned God in the past rarely
but it's happened sure
Catholic makes a certain amount of sense
if you want to play up the guilt angle
no I'm dead serious
I'm laughing because I agree with you
cuz yoga's a theme guilt guilt is the
fuel that powers spider-man's
responsibility engine and South's ISM
has this whole fuckin guilt thing
absolutely
so that makes some sense to me but you
know like if if Andrew Garfield was
talking from like how he wanted to play
Peter Parker then obviously that's his
choice you know hmm that's his choice as
an actor like oh I'd like to play him
you know I believe Queens has a large
Jewish population so you know it's
possible I think I think Stanley has
said that he's uh a Protestant a
Protestant okay sure I could be wrong I
could easily be wrong on that but I'm
sure officially according to Marvel its
unspecified yeah oh god of course cuz
they want Peter Parker to be as
relatable to as many people who are
white and male or black and male right
now yeah as possible that's someone I
keep seeing someone say like have you
read any of the Miles Morales comics or
will you read any of them are
comics you know maybe once they sort out
their fucking universe I'll get back
into that I haven't even read all the
Miles Morales and I didn't mind the
first run but then they had their stupid
Secret Wars or whatever and it's all
fucked again the universe is fucked get
your shit together Marvel I know I'm
just gonna go back to the village
because I'm not really sure what I'm
supposed to do now
I can warp Stan Lee is Jewish mother
would be impossible for Stan Lee even to
write a character who wasn't it's
largely irrelevant it's largely
irrelevant it's not of his religion and
his culture is rarely a part of his
story lines unlike you know Daredevils
all Catholic now yeah which is something
I hate but that's not a major thing in
spider-man so like let him be whatever
he wants because it doesn't have any
impact on the story can I hate you can I
talk to you I said if I can't talk to
you and I can't hit you what purpose do
you serve no can I buy a sword thing now
hey can I buy a sword amen
no I only have one dollar and if it
wasn't Stan Lee I definitely read one of
the spider-man writers saying that he
was a Protestant but well what I'm
saying is is that is his faith or
culture or something that comes up
no even even semi-regularly in his book
no right so then it doesn't matter then
he's then whatever he is it's not that
important yes yes so it shouldn't be
that important to us
I hadn't thought the other day okay you
know back Batman vs Superman Manistee no
Zack Snyder with this whole Superman is
Jesus thing you know how weird is it
that a character created by two Jewish
immigrants is now the poster boy for
Jesus how weird is that I'm really glad
you remembered I think I think it's
beautiful I think it is you know what it
is is just a whole bunch of Zack Snyder
not getting it again it's great
I love these things I wanna let you know
that I love the abandoned giant mech
things that don't fight you but it seems
like you should fight them
bones how dick but rich can't Superman
be interpreted as as Moses figure his
father sent him in a and a cradle to
earth yeah oh yeah I'm just saying the
Jesus thing makes no sense
the Zack Snyder Jesus thing makes no
sense at least it's weird
it seems inappropriate almost knowing
that his creators were Jewish yeah that
could be I'm sure that wasn't what they
had in mind
the dog fountain but we watch a Zack
Snyder slash Michael Bay movie about
Jesus robots yes yes yes
abso-fucking-lutely
perhaps a fucking Lillee that would be
awesome
Jesus robots I have more trust in
Michael Bay than I do Zack Snyder
because Michael Bay might make
incoherent movies but I feel like
Michael Bay isn't trying to say they're
not incoherent you know yeah it's full
is full of giant fucking robots that
fight each other if you can't keep keep
up that's your fault
have you gone into a dungeon yet I don't
think so I think like an elevator down
oh I tried going in one but I couldn't
go anywhere once I got down there or
maybe I could and I didn't know I could
because I haven't been to this area did
beat a couple of dungeons in that North
Area so maybe maybe I couldn't go in
that dungeon and I just didn't know how
to do it maybe there was a thing you had
to shoot maybe there's the thing I had
that you and I constantly forget I have
a gun yeah that's my biggest complaint
so far is I constantly forget I have a
gun
which is not a very big complaint there
was a teleporter in that dungeon
somebody is saying oh oh look at this
thing oh it's like a hand it's like a
giant hand holding a giant sword that's
the fucking art right there what does it
mean jack what does it mean it doesn't
matter what it means kind of otherwise
just masturbation you know it doesn't
matter what it means that this world has
a rich history is what it means rich
rich fucking history
hello I never been here you skipped over
everything I did I'm sorry I mean your
robots trying to do a thing oh oh oh I
get it
I get what's happening somebody's saying
it's one of the Titans that's sort of
different little hard I figure that yeah
yeah that's creepy
um commit seein 1:21 snow if you play
your Vita anymore I haven't because
right now I've been on a Pokemon streak
as everyone knows and risk of rain comes
out soon
on the Vita and so basically every as
soon as risk of rain comes out it'll
probably be mostly risk of rain on my
feet
but right now I've taken a little break
because I've been Pokemon II I be the
leader of the Rockets at at the Silph
Corp
and right now my mu is absolutely
goddamn Myrtle aiding every single
fighting type in the fighting gym and
that's my Pokemon update going through
the fighting gym made it through the
Silph Corp I can teleport here cool
great
right
and can't go there
and I'm having a generally great time
I'm a little worried that without
without the ability to evolve my Pikachu
which really pisses me off I'm worried
that I might have to ditch him for a
different Pokemon but right now I'm
still still the same team which I'm very
excited about I love it when you get a
good team early on it
don't touch the green stuff Dynamis says
yeah Hollywood she reboots Superman with
Wes Anderson Jon Hamm playing Superman
Tina Fey playing Lois Lane heaven take
place in the 1940s is a fun
tongue-in-cheek adventure you know work
you know what I thought I thought you
were being sarcastic until you said that
that could be fun that might work or
just make a movie that's not garbage you
haven't even said in modern day but just
making that garbage have consistent
characters that do things for logical
reasons it's like I have to I have to
look around this large keep popping
screen yeah you do you got that P poppin
get that pee popping rich I think I'm in
a dungeon
okay I don't know you're an area that
I'm just not familiar with so Oh
oh shit show me I think it just hit the
fan jack heel I thought I could I
thought I could hit him with my sword
I said synthetic was that I could not
dealing with my core
kill it with your oh fuck there's
another one of course there's another
one oh no Jack are you going to catch
all of the pokemons no no in fact I
haven't even been catching any all I'm
concerned about and you know I've never
actually played much posts elite for
Pokemon game I you just concern myself
with beating really at four and then I'm
done your kids ever ask you why you're
playing a children's game
I usually actually only play it at night
like before I go to bed I just get out
like an hour and before I go to bed or
so I don't play it during the day
because I work during the day sometimes
sometimes I'll pick it up and yeah yeah
my kids I like when you play pokemon
that's cool why does it look so awful
because you know it's still the gameboy
version so the chap thinks these things
look like the monsters from Trevor's -
oh yeah not the graboids with the little
grab lines grab mites maybe their bites
did they have a name moon ones
oh I'm sure whoa exploding before an
exploding corpses is what that was
something to watch out for
fuck you fuck you go go go go behind
that thing in heel oh my god oh my god
poof I'm Vader 12 says honestly want to
make good DC movies hire each director
as they wrap up a new Star Wars film
you'll get a good solid film with
nothing ridiculous to drag it down ah
you know Abrams might be able to make a
decent superhero make sure all the Star
Wars films are gonna be good makes you
so sure they could be cracked it could
be crap all one is not a one is not a
trend we have one okay movie yes wait
till it wait till we have a couple and
then maybe you have good characters that
you can you can build from but it's an
okay movie force awakens I liked it I
thought I liked it I didn't love it yeah
it's out is it yeah I thought it was
just out in digital how I could be wrong
about that
fuck oh here I'm here is it out on is it
out on the blu-rays DVDs yet I thought
it might just be out on digital shadows
it on the blu-rays I don't know I don't
know rich doesn't care don't worry you
don't have to care it
no the new characters were ass I
respectfully disagree then we're okay
they were fine raised fine
what's wrong with raid nothing she's
fine Mary Sue so what she's not a Mary
Sue there's no such fucking thing as in
married they had a good arc fucking
movie it's a movie where magic happens
all the time
BB 88 was cute dog remember we give it a
thumbs up with a little fluff fire
thumbs up that was adorable 8 or 88 you
know what I don't bb8 8 okay
I just find it funny because the movie
gets a lot of shit for being just like
Episode four yeah it is yeah but don't
think same people complained that kylo
Ren isn't just like Darth Vader maybe
it's not the same people it seems like
it is it's fine
it's all fine bloated corpses I'm
remembering things
wow-wow-wow
gonna die
fuck help help help health
bb-8 stole the film he's adorable he's
an adorable little robot JJ
seeker wants to know how you're like in
the game um alright I don't like the
style of difficulty it reminds me of
meat boy just do it again it again it
again so you get it right kind of yeah
you know I think it has a little a
little more you know like meat boy I had
a certain amount of like level
memorization that you needed mm-hmm and
I think this this is a little more skill
centered you you know there's some
there's some gotcha spawns I know I know
this is where the gun guys spawn you
know I think like if if you're good you
can get around it but uh I'm still I
don't know like not that's the most into
it not the most not into it you say just
would you say you're disappoint compared
to what you would have liked covered how
cool opening no no I would not I mean I
can't be yet I've only been playing for
I don't say they didn't like Super Meat
Boy Jack love's Super Meat Boy I love
Super Meat Boy but Super Meat Boy is is
is a wonderful example of like a
modern-day platformer that that gets
it's so fucking right I'm not super into
it it's it's fast its tight some of the
best controls of modern gaming Super
Meat Boy is great it's frustrating
there's you need to be too perfect yes
demands perfection I don't like doing
the same thing 50,000 times in a row and
that wasn't work so good yes I don't
feel that's rewarding I feel like I just
got like it finally did it that once
I understand disagree I understand
people love that game you're allowed to
love that game that's saying you
shouldn't love it I'm saying it's not
for me right it's good as small doses I
love super meatboy super made boys
brilliant you feel you feel the wind
through your meaty hair every time you
place it for me boy
are you guys gonna play the char with
your dad game we already did you missed
it hahahaha
Jack how does Super Meat Boy compare to
your favourite platformer night trap how
does it convert an eye track you know
what I real talk yeah I've never played
that no six streams are disappointed yes
it's it's crap just like every full
motion video game was right right should
Warner Brothers bring on Bruce Timm to
be there Kevin faiza or is that too
smart I wouldn't want to take them away
from their animated projects to tell you
the honest truth
mr. clerk says if you have a gun in this
game I suggest actually using it are you
fuckin know you have very limited ammo
you see that that thing up the top of
the screen the bigot you get six shots
the pink is your ammo that you can
recharge by by sorting by sorting but
you know what like you get so into the
the dodge and sword that you forget that
you have the gun things are constantly
trying to kill you what it takes time to
aim right it you can't you can noscope
you can yeah you can just shoot in
whatever direction you're facing okay
but you get so into the dodging sword
that you forget you have a gun and this
is my first hour playing so I will get
there I would like to get past this
section the bomb is the bomb use damage
them no I checked fuck you okay
I forgot you know what I forgot the
health pack anyway I need to help pack
the there's something lacking in the
combat system and I don't know what it
is yet it doesn't make me feel powerful
yet
I don't insist is he doesn't know but
he's speculating that maybe this is a
later dungeon could be and you should
probably maybe this is the thing you
should tackle with upgrades and that
could be and he's asked me if I thought
the other the dungeons I played were as
hard it's hard for me to say because I
haven't really played this right there
was something there were some nutty
combat sections though and when I play
but without having played it I can't
tell you if it's harder than that like
you jump yeah got it you got a jack
I have faith in you oh your faith is ill
place oh I'll give it a couple more
tries and I'll switch it over to me sure
this is the most want to do just do some
else yeah cuz I know I'm this on my PC a
place whenever I'm shitting yeah but I
can just die
oh fuck I don't like it I don't like it
I don't like it it's the truth
just take a move stick and move stick
and move you gone for the combo stick
and move Jack move fuck fuck stick and
move
dr. Jack Straw says protip use the gun
oh is that as easy as you think dr. Jack
Straw 10 I'm out of bullets - I was our
bullets you know like just thinking -
blood-borne which is a very difficult
game but you know once you kind of
figured out the combat system every loss
kind of felt like your fault you know
either you weren't either you weren't
fast enough you weren't prepared enough
this doesn't this has this has me
feeling helpless in battles any and part
of that is just me not knowing the
system yet I'm not super comfortable
so you know like I'm not I'm not saying
this is a good that's a game fault this
is this is me my faults on Iran charlie
getting on that trolley Richard say I
think I think this game has too big a
hard-on about being hard yeah it's
difficult yeah I get it
you're really hard I get it take over
for a bit there's a health pack up there
that you need to grab cuz I'm out of
health packs
bt-dubs I the Great Gazoo hanging around
is your little robot friend that tells
you when you need to open doors that is
his only purpose in life he tells you
when you can do something
which game would you consider harder
Battletoads are ghosts and goblins
I've never played all Battletoads well
most people haven't it's been a while
it's been a long time simply Battletoads
Battletoads is probably harder ghosts
and goblins is more difficult on a
challenge scale because it's actually
beatable altos I believe is unbeatable
it's just that one section of
Battletoads it's unbeatable right maybe
the direction you go on the map in which
dungeon you go dictates the difficulty
the direction you're going really oh
maybe I should have stayed up I went
right I don't know what that means read
that again how about no
Jack the direction you go on the map and
which dungeon you go into dictates the
difficulty let's see here rich and Jack
is joss whedon really a great writer and
director people seem to love him I don't
get it he seems that action films fanboy
claim he is their Lord and Savior yeah I
mean I I think yes I really enjoyed
Firefly and I really enjoy the Marvel
movies he has made I think not it's not
just about action and whatnot he's
really good at sambal casts he handles
characters very well and he handles
character interacting with each other
very well so I mean you know it's just
an opinion if you're not a fan of his
then you're not a fan but like Firefly I
think is an amazing show I need to use
it when I use it I just hit the button
at the wrong time I want to aim the gun
and accidentally hit the heal button but
I think like with if you look at
something like Avengers all the
characters work really well together and
he balances them all out very well
and it all comes together but I know a
lot of people really like Buffy I've
actually never seen Buffy I know I know
people dig it
but was it my thing oh Sh ultimately you
don't like Firefly you should watch
Firefly it's great keep wanting to aim
with the left stick you have the problem
yes yes oh my god you dodged you right
into that bullet seems like a blend
between Titan Souls and nuclear throne a
little bit a little bit this is a little
nuclear throne in it not a twin stick
which is what rich was just complaining
about it's not a twin stick and it feels
kind of like it should be a twin stick I
like this one like the third or fourth
John Wetton does not make every
character a smartass quit machine he has
setup man's - I would not call Captain
America a smartass quit machine in the
Avengers
I can do this I could do this right it's
it feels like it's doable
it feels like it's doable we use the
controls here if there's anything
remotely redeemable about the Phantom
Menace what would it be
Ewan McGregor some days wasted in the
movie he's wasted
