Episode 112
Welcome To The Gungle (Part 1)
June 7, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaF1pEuWdUA
___________________________________________

is the game setup are they gonna see the
game yeah I gotta turn on I wanted to
see that one of the intro to show Jack
that was very happen are they gonna see
the intro well they should
okay I don't know there's no
particularly good reason they shouldn't
okay I don't know what's happening or if
it's happening if it's happening at all
I don't know it's happening right no
they are seeing it that's great oh good
old evolve er yeah they got their
fingers in a lot of pies still think
they know how to make an old school
pixel gamey thingy I've been making them
are they just doing some kind of
distribution I don't know I think they
just doing distribution out of distant
planets a grim fortress stood
until a deadly force part in the heavens
and descended upon the key
they brought to ruin the ashes of that
place hold an artifact of impossible
power Oh though though brought to ruin I
fucked that up you did fuck off
a gun that can kill the past over time
the fortress was rebuilt and some who
hear the legend would risk everything
for another shot yes I'm that person I
guess - haven't played yet to claim
their prize and make what was done
undone oh they must and the gun John all
right rich you said you messed with some
of the options oh yeah got roles
hold on
yeah I guess she's Xbox yeah I recognize
that where's the finding you know
bindings is there a default narrator but
while you play with in vaults and you'll
see what you think of defaults
okay I think they do some weird things
we can always you know change you again
not a deal
okay okay great the marine the pilot the
convict the hunter you know we'll start
off with the rain hold on actually just
looks like it's turtle devices hope you
are both well new commentary hey can you
at least check to see if I can buy it on
Amazon Instant or am I gonna have to buy
this John oh please don't make me
purchase or watch pixels will be pixels
marine its first availability you talk
I'm suing you're talking about enough of
the movie I'm not not sure up top my
head oh I'm here let's go go you let's
get you to the tutorial head up that
pathway to the left I figured out what
role is already know that one not that
one go down down down down go up by that
that the convict blonde girl I see you
found the role already and you can
definitely fall off things we look at
that animation that's really good
actually generating
I think I didn't usually most things we
do a commentary on we make sure it's
available somewhere yes heed my words
and I shall show you how to survive this
hacker said labyrinth continue I'm
ordering this try flipping these tables
are kicking the barrows with the a
button yeah oh yeah flip tables are
covered oh okay look you can push him
eat those barrels explode
I would assume yeah great Oh do you have
more to say or no okay let's try talking
to him nice roaming skills you'll need
that later this is the most important
lesson you can dart all by pressing left
bumper and a direction you are
invulnerable to gunfire during the first
half of the dowser all but vulnerable
again when you hit the ground this means
you can dodge through bullets another
hazard it's a request prize timing okay
great I say
boom-boom-boom easy peasy getting out of
here okay bye you just want to get right
to it
well I learned the control don't blame
you an impasse use your doctor oh right
this door is open but you've got one
last picked across time it well what oh
I already bet you're pretty already past
okay the doubt roll is the first and
best way to avoid a gunfight sometimes
though the number of bullets can be
overwhelming oh Jesus there's no dodging
through that but there is a way to clear
the path these are called planks enemy
projectiles in the room okay by kicking
lipstick and right stick in the same
time cool excellent blanks refill every
flow also use them when you need to
there can also be found throughout the
gun but I wouldn't rely on that oh I get
a good yay okay shooter baby's first gun
Oh try shooting it me loud with you but
first I need something to shoot one of
the gun Jen's natural inhabitants cruel
savage bloodthirsty it's a blocking
bullet No get him
Oh bumper bumper to shoot yes we can
change it yeah but we're not weird
why would the right bumper be the
trigger what is what is the trigger
special items really yeah that's okay
that's gross we're changing that right
trigger go down to use item and make
that the bumper see still have a use
item okay and then I also changed a
blank just because I found I was
accidentally shooting it off just when I
was moving around oh sure but I think
yeah all right great confirm how weird
Oh
okay so it auto reloads some guns
actually most guns seem to just go Auto
- does that one yeah I don't gonna just
hold it down yeah okay Allen there are
limited bullets Oh Jung was probably
more than enough for the tutorial but
I'm just letting you know
oh you have to press the trigger to
reload okay
Oh ex reloads to happen okay mixie in
1:20 says BBS spoilers some BBS from
when Batman threw down the spear got
angry could tell Affleck tried to save
shit scene and immediately in the next
scene
he is just Superman's friend equal movie
broke bacon Jacob since rich I didn't
know you were a musician and secretly
toured as mr. blinken and he's got an
image like I can see right through your
Sherrod jafer are try to be a little
more discreet I am tone-deaf turning
that down a little bit okay great great
you know yeah the so the reason that
Batman and Superman are friends spoiler
alert
obviously you know like nobody cares
good
did you hear by the way before we get
into that that the boss you know the the
Jenny McCarthy movie or the Melissa
McCarthy movie the boss sure have you
heard of this no she plays like a Martha
Stewart type billionaire who like gets
tax evasion that has to go straight or
whatever that already be like and its
opening weekend be Batman vs Superman
really like I'm Melissa McCarthy Shalaka
comedy has already be Batman vs.
Superman is opening weekend but any any
case oh they became best friends because
because Batman saw the humanity and
Superman is what we're supposed to
believe yeah because they both have a
mother named Martha that's it it is oh
it's absolutely broke I say if Batman
were struggling with the idea of
murdering somebody that would have done
mm-hmm and it would have been less
because they have mothers and and more
because
he's like the person that shot his
parents know if he's trying to kill
Superman now would have been neat but
they didn't do that at all in any way
shape or form a way that wasn't paying
attention
none of us says do you think that
Captain America represents the Hobbesian
hobbies hold easy and I'm not even sure
that were is I've never heard that word
either how busy an idea of the state of
nature in his rejection of the social
contract superhuman Registration and
civil war post scriptum make rich say
trapping so I was just a lot of
deliberate nonsense yeah yes the answer
is yes
that grenaded Jeff I noticed that
if you
so wait am i playing an hour yeah
oh great you never look for a different
gun yeah I wasn't sure if I was in the
game already well this is still tutorial
but uh okay
this part plays like the game okay great
don't forget about that dodge roll oh I
didn't see that J is not here today J is
a sometime Street jaysus J's is
sometimes food also hold down Y just so
you know this you can swish time doesn't
pause but does it slow down when you
have wine okay cool great that is really
good to know
Anonymous's can I get a spoken word
rendition of the peepee poo-poo song
uh no no no you cannot you're saying no
I don't know the lyrics oh okay
hey P people fools all I know okay
that's all that's all you need to know a
peepee poo-poo yeah a peepee poo-poo
yeah peepee all right something yeah
that's all what else do you need to know
you got it there like any other
sometimes like treasures in the room
I've never found treasure that way okay
I'm not saying there isn't good is that
I have never seen it great
well speak with me when you're all ready
for your final challenge you should have
said not yet oh yeah yeah oh well I am
ready so he says oh it's him
look ceasefire you've bested me I the
great manual so long I have ruled these
halls on this be undone by the likes of
your the reign of Sir Manuel master of
the gungeon
ends unceremoniously yep peace boom okay
cool
I know all the basics actually I think
I'm gonna switch to Dodger also this
burger okay just because it's it's you
know why you have to you have to move
your hands to get it up here why would
you make it you know these are these are
sometimes controls not all the time
controls buttons bumpers the bumpers are
sometimes buttons is left trigger even
anything ma'am oh the man which is
important to use that teleport it's
really handy the teleport okay I the map
will be the bumper and dodge roll will
be trigger and great previous gun next
the gun and quick resume alright so
where do I go just to play the normal
dungeon dead center of the center center
let's fucking do it
fuck it look at that roll animation
that's really fun okay great
okay if you say not know to man well
yeah he says what do you do just roll
around and then if you roll around
forbidden he says well I walked right
into that one oh that's like those other
doors yeah you see some of them
important up
that's just like crypt of the
necrodancer or you can rescue um you
have keys you can rescue people in the
dungeon and then they have like special
shops on top oh okay even use the
equivalent of their diamonds to buy
items that go into the game oh it's
unlock stuff and stuff I don't have
enough to unlock anything right now I
might you could say they had anything
new in there that's cheap it's it's time
quarter I only have one like nine unit
it's a little like binding of issac chat
still sold out of the other things yeah
yeah yeah okay cool it's a little like
binding of issac obviously it's a
top-down twin-stick shooter so you know
already it's like binding of issac it
controls a little bit differently and I
don't know if items stack like the big
thing about binding of issac that makes
it so special is that the randomly
generated items stack making your your
your shots crazy well there's more than
just regular guns there's other items
too that the passive things okay laser
sights and whatnot okay I'm assuming
there's things like faster bullets yeah
so there's probably some of that already
just right out the game dodge eye and
you know what I defaulted to um to
bumper dodge yeah you're used to that
I'm hiding behind here dick oh haha haha
gotcha dick great but you know I can
tell already much like Binding of Isaac
you know you clear a room and then you
get a breather
which is nice yeah I really like that
it's clicking on stuff
yes clicking on stuff don't mind me I
like I like getting a breather swords I
can't have a sword all right okay I only
have one gun don't forget about my
blanks don't forget to Todd roll and
infinite bullets with this gun so you
can reload whatever right oh yeah I
should do that
oh I thought I hit roll dick its first
time first dungeon doing fine doing
great I feel great jail except for that
except for that walk right into that
just literally fuck literally walk right
into it
fuck fuck fuck much like binding of
issac you know like looks like we have
procedurally generated levels map
different map layouts which is fun oh
another one of these guys
teabag for glory same teabag for glory
that name do you guys have more or less
hope for the oh you guys have more or
less hope for the director's cut of BBS
given that exec Snyder we're talking
about and will you watch it but I doubt
that our rated footage has like the
missing characterization you need to fix
my movie it's not gonna give Lex Luthor
motivation and it's it's probably not
gonna have Superman do anything besides
murder more people so no I don't know
not really excited about it no unless
for some reason all of the character
motivation happened during full nude sex
scenes and that's why the head they had
to remove those to get the pg-13 rating
there's there's no guarantee that that
missing footage is going to be what you
would need to kind of fix the movie
right
what the measure thinks it will totally
fix everything wrong with the narrative
I I highly doubt that then why then why
why take that stuff out because people
will see it anyway and if your movies
half an hour shorter you'll have more
showings I don't know no I know nothing
nothing in the art there's nothing
that's rated R that was taken out of the
movie that would fix the movie tour
guide Nixon says have you guys played
our heard of a game called Lisa it's a
kind of neo earthbound RPG a little bit
like undertale sub side scrolling and
darkman tone strikes me as something
you'd enjoy we've heard of least heard
of it I know nothing about it though and
the second you said like like it's like
a JRPG I honestly lost like all of my
interests I think we've we've we looked
up Lisa and if it has your classic JRPG
battles I I think it takes a piss a
little bit I believe we looked into that
for one of like the first four hours
over whatnot and yeah I just decided it
might be boring greatly increases
accuracy is what loosen up those I like
that by the way the book that you just
go right to and shows what you got so by
the way like binding of issac you kind
of have to guess what everything does
and they're really they're really vague
about like the upgrades and whatnot
here's like greatly increases accuracy
boom all right this is an item I know I
like hold facing enemies memories oh I
don't know that means oh okay it says
speeds reload time oh great that's
that's something you get just with the
marine okay cool mr. host looses hey
guys happy to see you playing this game
are either view or mic and JE going to
watch hardcore Henry oh that's a good
question
what is hardcore Henry that's the first
person oh no it sounds like a terrible
idea
I want to see it I'm curious I rarely go
to the food right the honest truth is so
I'm just curious I like I just want to
know if it like if it'll work
like like most things with me maybe I'll
see it as like a Netflix or a rental or
something under whoa whoa what the fuck
who did this bro up there yeah I noticed
that we got all sorts of shit gun back
there was a gun fairy I think that was a
Navi
yeah we got gun ghosts gun na vi's these
are great I feel like there should be a
secret here you know because it's got
like the two pillars over here too like
a hidden door no okay I don't know you
like that that's Isaac and me the Isaac
and me is like there's a hidden room in
here there's a secret room somewhere if
only I had extra bombs okay this one guy
I don't trust that good look at a
first-person shooter and say that's a
great way to tell us story you need a
gimmick rich you need a gimmick gotta
get the butts in the seats
where's this secret room
fYI yeah the default weapons can't
reveal fake walls
oh so there are fake walls
apparently okay I just need I need some
better guns suck it
I love that the enemies are walking
bullets yeah I think that's adorable
this lock door I want to go through that
on the other side Oh boom lobbies hey
blobbies okay I see they're leaving a
goo trail I like that I dig that I dig
that I'm on it I'm on it like a fuckin
fuckin fuckin fuckin fuckin goo blobbies
will be a fast mouth bags now get out of
it I'm not sure if the red goo has any
kind of negative effects I know I know
there's a green goon uh-huh and that's
poisonous maybe the red goo does
something like just slow you down maybe
I'll all I know is if it leaves a goo
trail you don't touch it that's rule
number one
right look his mouth maybe just
breathing hard okay I can't do this
anymore
these guns are really heavy this is
space marine armor is just too thick
he's getting winded no well evil books
even books I love it get out of here goo
monster I will never be comfortable with
the idea of a holding down a gun that is
not a an automatic you know like you can
hold down the trigger and you just boom
boom boom boom boom but I I want to
individually shoot a gun like this
that's just me you know if you want I
and I have been is I guess what I'm
saying Nana says rich you and Mike
becomes friend because one of you
overheard the other talking about the
Star Trek TNG and can we get a rich
Evans is right t-shirt in the rlm store
I became friends with money because we
had an art class
together in high school and we just sat
near each other talk our class didn't
care if you talk I just got the
socialize and draw for the most part
flare kind of interesting so their shops
yep ooh aqui yep do I need a key
I don't know you have none I can I
cannot afford both could get a flare gun
that could be fun
good be there don't you don't tell I
haven't used the floor okay I don't know
I honestly don't know in that case I'm
gonna you know what I'm gonna I mean I
won't get a new gun trip oh sorry
because a new gun is always is always
best right there is a limited animal
okay oh yeah I see that yeah turtle the
wise says hardcore Henry doesn't work
there is even a giant DEATH BATTLE cage
that was reminiscent of the shakey giant
death in your one best of the worst
shows this movie should be a youtube red
release and that's probably how it
started off life could have gotten you
actually it wouldn't need to
that would've been Evan about a bad deal
oh well the door one for the best
speaking of YouTube release do you
remember last stream we were joking
about real-life super hot yeah the very
next morning rocket jump the people that
constantly make real-life video game
stuff released a real-life superhot
video how did it work well everything a
lot of things they do are good so I
assume it's good I didn't watch it
because I just don't have time for that
stuff anymore I don't have time to watch
anything anymore but it was just it
struck me as really funny as like ha we
were just talking about someone making
this last night and they released it I
just want to see what this gun does oh
oh one shot one kill motherfucker looks
like it has burning damage nice burning
damage is nice
I don't like the wait what is it what
are triggers do again triggers their
item and map yeah right your item right
now I believe calls down ammo you can
double-check okay here's what I'm gonna
do here's what I'm gonna do rich ammo
yarmulke ah here's how I want to do
things you you tell me how you want to
do things and then you do them because
you're playing the game um left trigger
interact reload right right
all that is good okay use the item we
are going to switch we're gonna switch
some things around yeah yeah good so the
gun menu we don't I don't care but
here's what I want to do is what I want
to do where is it oh here to the next
gun and previous gun I want those to be
the bumpers think up so I can quick
switch guns okay so next gun is gonna be
right bumper and previous gun is gonna
be left bumper and but then I want to
switch what what brings up my map and
and uses my item so what right now
what's B what does B do I want that to
be my item use B is nothing great B was
an alternate for dodge roll I think okay
okay so where is use I here use item
will be the B button and then the map
where's the map
did I miss it a canopy popper off take
this bee popper off we don't need it we
don't need it right now
comical it's ridiculous a little comical
yeah oh that's so much better I was like
dillhole straight I was like doing this
oh yeah yeah okay and the news map is
gonna be why okay okay can you changes
yes oh yeah see look now you get the
quick gun switch that that's right next
to the triggers that's exactly how I
have my Team Fortress 2 controller
bindings so I'm saying just use the
steam controller and the back triggers
we we don't know if we can use the steam
controller here's the deal I bought this
off of gog.com ah which means I'm not
leasing this I actually owned the game
uh-huh and I don't need anyone's
permission when I want to run the game
oh I do need a key
ice and someone did is thank you by the
way someone did gift me this game on
Steam so I guess we can always load up
your log in to you yeah if we want it to
dual-control
yeah I'm not I'm not sure how well the
steam controller will work we'll play
with the non-steam version I don't
remember how well that worked last time
right here reviewing it I haven't
touched the steam controller since we
talked about it okay let's take a look
at the map here I want to see if I can
get a little more money and buy a key
because there's a there is a thing
fuck fuck get those birds I'm trade
burn motherfucker burn motherfucker boom
are there any music genres else is a
teabag for glory teabags for glory
are there any music genres or artist
that you enjoy that might surprise us if
not what have you guys been listening to
lately
mom what would surprise you I like the
doors like Nirvana heavy metals cool
that by the way that the first time you
said like the doors was your favorite
band that surprised me you for a doors
fan I need to look up his name an album
that I've been really enjoying lately
and I actually been listening to while
editing is Rodrigo y Gabriela and it's
two Spanish acoustic guitar players it's
like classic guitar so it's just two of
them gonna ping ping ping ping E and
yeah they do the whole like slap on the
guitar thing Rodrigo y Gabriela and it's
beautiful it's a beautiful album see to
sell two cellos two cellos they do
thunderstruck there's a video that I'm
doing thunderstruck with cellos nice
what is what is the what is the horrible
vortex meeting wrench I think it just
takes you back to where you were you
before you warped okay cool oh good oh
is that who's a Kannada how is Rodrigo y
Gabriela a hipster thing to like I'd
like you shut the heck up but I think
it's amazing and it's a great album and
it's it's a nice instrumental album to
listen to while editing which is very
important the off switch says deleted
important r-rated scene Bruce and Alfred
are in the sauna with hookers Superman
is nothing like us he needs to be
stopped
feel free what if he's just like us what
if he has a family
that's exactly that's exactly the kind
of shit that it needs this guy is not
taking burn damage fuck by the way on
the the vs. screen knock oh don't forget
about your blanks oh that's right thank
you I absolutely did oh you're so dead
yeah I noticed that about me oh snap did
you see that that was a bullshit that
was you got blasted in the face me that
was it's great it's great it's a great
game
oh yeah I mean this is this is literally
exactly my jam anted Ganju that's my jam
now yeah enter the gungeon trying to the
old gunslinger
okay
so one one day before the Dark Souls 3
release I am too fucking crowded with
games right now as it right I still want
to play more stardew valley no because I
like stardew valley uh-huh and then I
was kind of when we had our stream of it
I was kind of lukewarm about hyper light
drifter yeah but I've been playing it
more on my own I'm actually starting to
like it a lot
ok and then no I'm just started playing
into the budget there's already three
games I want to play I'm like a deer
caught in the headlights as it is right
how about how about you add a little
dark souls to that it's just too much
I'm not playing anything now because I
don't know what I should play none of
all these things I am awful I'm noticing
that fuck whoa fuck got him got him
cookie says love you guys can't wait see
your dark souls 3 stream thanks cranky
joy that's the thing we won't stream it
I'm just saying as far as like shit that
we're playing no I'm swamped yeah yeah
well who did
how can I give him stuff I don't know
yeah there's a lot there's a lot out
there there's a lot to play a lot
there's always there's always too much
to play which is it's just a great
problem to have fun and now I put down
steam earlier uh-huh I'm gonna say
that's one of the benefits of students
it's really easy to find things on sale
yeah
then again I got this for the exact same
price on GOG right so the Capitals
partner says rich you may want to play
alone but the real joy is gaming and
gaming is playing with your friends and
family be blessed my little soldier that
wasn't a donation I just wanted yeah he
blessed my little soldier I have heard
there was local co-op in this I thought
Jack should have some alone time cuz I
bought this like a day or two ago and
I've been playing a little bit here and
there
and Jack has not played it at all first
time seeing the game you know Jack get
into it first yeah let me play first the
question of the day is will the steam
controller work with a GOG version of
the game oh I think it will unfinished
guns still still warm all right probably
sets things on fire my guess is the warm
part I would assume you interesting
Anonymous's hardcore Henry is based on a
Russian music video titled bad
motherfucker created by the same man
I've seen that I've seen that music
video the movie is like a mixture of
crank and Mirror's Edge and accomplishes
a lot despite the low budget
rich ever considered trying out
different types of hats I I bought a
fedora like hat once yeah I don't think
it was technically afore I had a smaller
brim you had a trilby sure and I I
brought her home and then I looked at
myself in the mirror and I'm like wait a
minute this I look like an asshole yep
that's what everyone should say when
they were Toby
I think this does more damage but it
doesn't have the range I think that's
the unfinished part of this gun
never never warned again sitting in my
class isn't covered in dust right now
bat back Oh BA me bat grenade that that
nade the baton aid don't forget about
your cover don't forget about your cover
don't hate and don't don't fuck around
with those grenades or the ninjas well
this is a this is a nasty one is that
gonna have any neat effect no III think
it does more damage up close but I I
can't I can't really see anything it
does you know different than the other
guns but it is fine yeah that's fine gun
this bigger clip than my gun so I'll
take ad Oh Oh with this jerk wildlife
I'm glad that in some way we could be
there for you
jerkwad you jerk you jerk wad live ion I
have a new active item Oh briefly stops
time you can send me a cap I won't
guarantee I'll wear it on best of the
worst and it's done don't know what the
Hat is uh-huh oh yeah I like that I I
now have a thing that stops time which I
will gladly take just so you know that
that us that dropped your item that
drops em over love's right okay see no I
did notice that but thank you for the
heads up there's a shop
no way there was a secret in one of
their places - what last time at work
kept somebody sent me it was filled with
comments about how I look like a gangsta
is that flat brim one yep I remember
yeah look at this there's definitely a
secret behind here that's you just need
to that's a there's a that really a
secret then you just gotta find a way
around
wow it's locked on that side okay maybe
you can blow it up but I'm not sure I
could get a cure I could get some armor
armor versus key I don't see a treasure
chest armor only last one hit the key
you can bring to you the next floor and
you're bound to run into some kind of
treasure trust treasure chest
sooner or later yeah I'd go with key
okay
reload boom Oh speak Oh oh shit oh shit
it's gonna blow up and I don't have the
key I should have bought that key it's
gonna blow up now do I have to get out
of the room no just get away from oh you
didn't buy the key I didn't buy the key
oh I thought I would explore a little
bit first and then go buy the key they
didn't see I haven't seen a chest with
it like a timer that's different what
else we got here ammo don't need ammo
armor all right I'm gonna get this
alright so they won't know how does
Gunjan rate versus Isaac and nuclear
throne now that you've had twenty
minutes a game nuclear throne is
definitely a little more intense which I
like about this actually like I really
like clearing a room and then taking
your time like I'll just walk around for
a little bit now right nuclear throne as
soon as you're done with a level a
portal opens up and sucks you to the
next level so there's barely any
breathing room okay so this is a better
experience than nuclear throne and the
nuclear throne is a little more intense
if that means anything
Oh an empty room that's weird
this wizard is that something that
should be something don't know
could just be randomly generated
weirdness yeah I think that's what it is
trying to break open all these pots see
if there's anything inside is there any
is there ever anything inside this I
have never seen it myself okay
don't mind me as far as Isaac is
concerned they're a little bit different
so far um like Isaac is in the risk of
rain boat where your items stacked to
make ridiculous combinations so far I
haven't noticed stackable items here it
plays like Isaac which I like
where my god any more rooms with bigger
maps so yeah I so far my opinions are
favorable okay so far this is exactly my
kind of game let's see if I can beat a
boss this time good luck jack good luck
we got this we got this I got my time
stopper I got my I got to remember my
dodge roll and my blanks awesome a bird
with a Gatling gun yes get lingo that's
great oh shit
I think there's decent damage yeah right
up there be careful with you wait a mo
Oh watch out watch out yeah I see I see
I'm with you
how about you shoot yourself with one of
those huh I like that
all right we're yeah yeah yeah I see you
come on do you come on oh my god yellow
guys know I'm on I'm on him
I got I got his number rich I'm almost
out of ammo I see that shit
do it jack you can do it
if we heard that Jake Lloyd has been
diagnosed with schizophrenia I have not
but I'm one to say I'm surprised either
and for that we're at in sedating ed
with the law he had an incident with the
law yeah he's got a mug shot
well let's see how my Bell work works
pretty awesome no I hate middle of your
salad so something rich hates games and
general
oh yeah that's because I hate middle of
your solid that's true oh yeah that's
very true just because I hate Metal Gear
Solid yep I hate all games I heard that
about you or you can fuck right off take
your take your overrated piece of shit
with you oh fuck yeah well give me that
shit what is that shit I want it
I mean I'm liking you know
welcome to the gungeon yeah yeah that's
not a real game and you and you you were
just saying how you're you're starting
to get into hyper light drifter - and
how you really like started Valley but
it's too bad you yeah you haven't had
time to play it but you hate games all
games sniper rifle scope creep
I'm can't wait this gun is still the
process of being forged it barely
functions in its current state but could
be a viable choice it's a truly
desperate Oh actually apparently uh this
is a really bad gun the master 20,000 I
don't hate artsy fartsy storytelling I
hate the fact that Kojima doesn't know
how to tell a Metal Gear story eh these
silly and then he's serious and it flops
back and forth I don't like that No More
Heroes suda51 game it's consistent with
its silly tone so what happens when I
leave after the boss I mean like so now
here's the next room what happens well
why are you asking no what are you
afraid of oh well I guess basically what
I want to know is like do I leave this
level and the answer is yes okay let's
see if there's anything left to explore
there's not I did buy that key all right
great
why are you why are you asking just do
it just do it why are you asking
Oh what does the e mean in this room e
yeah Oh elevator elevator room okay
and you know really it's just a what are
you enjoy the game that's I am are you
gonna say it's just a Metal Gear thing
really
I like Jima Kojima did this Yoda the
zone of the enders games yeah I love
them
right I love the story in them I love
the games I know that about you
whoa oh that's it that's a pit that's a
pit I got a deal with pits now rich I'm
not from I'm not mentally prepared for
pits oh god I don't want this gun oh
haha
whoa sucking Rick I'm sucking pits I
wasn't I wasn't looking out for pits I
know you weren't I have that problem too
yeah I died on a boss earlier today you
you walking oh yeah that's right that's
right
pits they're the pits pits are the pits
Part C first he's good when I think
somebody actually has something to say
sure and they're not being artsy fartsy
for the sake of being artsy fartsy and
they're not saying anything yeah it's
and you know that's a really fine line
where it's just like you can say
something and try to be meat like we're
we're not we're not cynics just to be
cynical mm-hmm if someone actually has a
message that they're trying to get
across and they're in their game yeah
and they go about it in an artful way
that's not a bad thing but in what if
instead of that instead of being artful
they just go this game is about art you
know there's like like super hot right
mm-hmm they just beat you over the head
with their art and it's like that was
dumb but portal said this had the same
message and they handled it correctly
smoothly subtly I think it's super hots
case the feel the vibe I get yeah it's
it's it's more they didn't have any
other ideas for a story they just had a
bad gameplay idea and I would need
something yeah but still they still hate
you or they hate their dumb I agree that
yeah yeah so but is it hard I'm gonna
keep playing I'm gonna keep playing this
game I just know what you know that this
is the thing that's gonna happen I'm
just gonna keep playing this game I
missed one there's a couple new ones
none of us says yes you guys are swamped
with games that is fine but please use
this tip for a gift copy of no thing on
Steam should not take long to enjoy and
use Jack for best results keep being
great no no thing we'll keep it in mind
so otherwise says rich I saw blind fury
based on your recommendation it was
awesome and ridiculous
great any other excellent movie
suggestions watch blind fury again not
off the top of my head if I think of
something
some kind of weird movie that I like
yeah I'll let you know
optimist new Oh
says Jack yes per your recommendation
I'd picked up and just finished reading
the wool / silo series oh yeah I
thoroughly enjoyed it
oh good outside of a few minor nip --ax
in your opinion will it make a good
movie it'd be tough like the first one
you know wool there's three books in the
silo series and the second the second
and the third book are not as good as
the first one they they kind of like
just carry off of the momentum of the
first one and it could make a good movie
there'd be a lot of really amazing
visuals I can already picture the
trailer there's one shot in particular
as soon as that shot happens it's gonna
make a beautiful trailer but it could I
don't know what they would cut because I
love it all wool is amazing wool is an
amazing book everyone should read one
Richie would love okay I got it
Shemp I know I've mentioned sherry 3000
before but it's no blind fury sherry
3000 sherry 3000 is kind of like a
science fiction movie uh-huh about a man
who hires a tracker to take him into the
wastelands to find a replacement for a
sex robot wife after she breaks down
this sounds awesome yeah this sounds
great
Neal Breen is the best sense says it's
true was there was there any reason why
you got a ps4 inch 7x bone also I picked
up a steam controller today it works
fine I've played a few test chambers in
portal and got used to it after the
second one good congratulations
I never quite got used to it neither did
I it's not significantly better than a
real right amount of real than a regular
controller that was my problem is I'm
you know what it's I'm very happy that
you liked something no I'm happy that
you liked it yeah was there any specific
reason I think we were just looking at
the exclusives the reason we got a ps4
instead of an Xbox one we were looking
to get it for what something was coming
out is that why I think we got it for I
got it for alien isolation yeah and you
didn't have a computer that could run
because I didn't have a computer that
could run it very well and then we were
looking at exclusives that we would want
to do for the show and like Metal Gear
Solid 5 was there the bat it was on
Batman Arkham Knight another that was
exclusive blood-borne blood-borne was
annexed the order was the order was an
exclusive yeah so just looking at
exclusives we decided to go that route
and yeah have and a lot of Xbox one
games are also available on Windows you
know just so there wasn't a real reason
I I had a general bad taste in my mouth
from the Xbox one based on their their
pre-release shit with the weird that
control all your content and fuck you we
hate you you cussed me son that was
verbatim that was part of it fuck you we
hate you but the sub degree was a coin
flip and I because of blood-borne I
don't regret it at all the the only
thing recently is I hear good things
about that quantum break no which is an
xbox one exclusive fruit or I think it's
coming to Windows but it's much like
Arkham Knight
it's Django's what's that about I don't
know there's something about its from
the makers of Alan Wake but you can also
like slow down time or some I'd I don't
know okay
I actually know very little about it
besides I have a note in my brain that
people like it okay go gun ghosts manga
lore says any plans for a Western or
musical special edition no Lloyd beat
says Jack rich have either of you seen
the show video game high school oh the
show video game high school made by
rocket Jones pretty corny and I'm
definitely too old to be watching it but
it's growing on me one of the creators
is Freddie Wong of rocketjump okay I've
never even heard of it so okay yeah yeah
he they after you know making YouTube
regular video game thing to YouTube
videos they started making a regular
show it's on Netflix now I think called
video game high school I watched one
episode and yeah realized I was too old
for it or it just wasn't for me
you know just one of those I probably
would have been really into it when I
was in high school but in the chance
sinnerman is sing quantum break more
like computer broke that is what I hear
is the much like Arkham Knight the the
PC version is very busted
cinnamon melted rock what is that no
fucking idea what that is it's just a
fucking rock or a pitchfork I don't have
the money for that they're nothing money
for either I don't have the money I need
some money what's back here
oh this little goofy guy oh you can give
stuff to him did you bring something no
what does he want
you can drop items and so I assume if
you like drop something in there you
have a random shot of getting something
okay
so like last time I got that gun that
was uh that was half melted apparently
it was a bad gun Oh what do you used to
drop things no no it's a button hey guys
it's time to stand up let's uh let's
stand up real quick just hold on I'm
just gonna stand up and stretch and
we'll be back be sure one
right great
okay by standing up what if my ass
groove goes away and I I apologize if
standing up diminishes your ass groove
in any fashion
there's something up with these rooms
I'm gonna have to figure this out this
is another fireplace room but then with
the same wizard
there's something up with these rooms
here's the thing about standing up but
I'm not ready to commit just yeah that's
fine you don't have to so here's another
room like this rich with a fireplace and
like the wizard painting and again like
the other room there's there's no
enemies in here
it was empty there's definitely
something up with that room I have a few
times I've run across like an altar in a
room you go up and yell too you can
click on it it says there's nothing on
the altar so I'm sitting there sitting
you can do with that - sure I don't know
you could drop items maybe you can drop
an item onto it oh oh oh we are made
like throw an item into the into the
fireplace
maybe yeah yeah let me try that I don't
have a knight in the throne Oh see a
sucka nice use of Clips oh but you know
probably if I toss them into the cliff I
don't get there I don't get their
goodies maybe but I was just thinking
about staying alive
use the melted stone on it damn it the
fireplace maybe oh sure
where'd you go gun ghost boo m--
caesarean part says yet another game
recommendation for you I'm will see
sunless sea
it's about captaining a ship on an
underground ocean it has some things in
common with FTL ok but a slower paced
and a little more story-driven they let
into it I got I got eight thousand games
on my plate right now how about eight
thousand and one I can tell ya I got a
good wait what was it called that
actually sounds interest sunless sea
sunless sea I will add that to the list
we'll put it on the list I'm doing it
right now but I can tell you I'm blocked
up with stardew valley enter the gungeon
and hyper light drifter right now I'm
just completely gawked up Dark Souls 3
is coming out tomorrow and I'm just like
thank you I can't do it no time for Dark
Souls 3 that looks like a shotgun fuck
yeah it is a regular shotgun oh I don't
care I'll take any shotgun
who wants some two shots dead
boom regular shotgun Oh boom
fuckin love a good shotgun Dave cool
bond hearing chat says you guys move not
real games from the list there'd be
about 10 like this isn't a real I know
you know that right right if you have
fun playing a game fuck it man if this
isn't a real game is better than a real
cave boof it Oh
shotgun it's not a real game unless it's
Metal Gear look right those are the only
real games
does it have did it come out on me on
the Xbox does have a 3d graphic Jack
real games real games don't have pixels
real games are first person through this
it's not a real game unless they're
voxels even if you don't need voxels huh
oh oh I can go buy a key Boston
technicolor says yeah I just discovered
the CollegeHumor bad man shorts oh yes
those are amazing starring Pete Holmes
yes Holmes is great at doing a Christian
Bale Batman thought most of them were
pretty funny have you guys seen them I
didn't know they were called bad man I
saw one I'm assuming is what you're
talking about with the Riddler yes that
was pretty good yeah yeah oh there's a
whole series of they're great so that
was the asset of one worries like trying
to find the voice right yeah was that
the same that's the same one there's one
with Patton Oswald as the penguin that's
really great
I didn't know there were more I'll have
to look him up yeah you need to like a
follow him there I saw the Batman voice
one ages ago
oh you don't you didn't save up for the
rock this is it I think okay I mean I
only have the boss left it I see they
say so I would have loved to save up for
the rock but there's ah there's a
treasure chest here you know and I saw
the one we're just finding the voice
like like years ago you know however
long ago that came out then yesterday I
think I saw the Riddler water I don't
know there was a series oh yeah you
gotta find them all they're they're
pretty great they're pretty great really
read the one I saw I thought I really
loved this cape that Cape that Cape
looks great that was your thought that
was my thought it's great in addition to
it being funny oh this is good trigger a
blank whenever a table is flipped oh
that's a nice pass oh that's a great
pass oh no all right let's go do a boss
Anonymous's just gonna list a couple of
games that I personally enjoy curious if
you play them and what do you think go
Max Payne 3 and blade it and played any
of the max pains really even the first
one I get say why mister of bullet time
I love the look on his face okay
no I I yeah I know I just have a nut I
have avoided it it just never played it
spec ops the line on my list never never
played it the Metro series never played
it and Wolfenstein the new order I
intend to play that yeah heaven but I
intend to start a valley and then landed
in this in the map
oh just you can dodge those ma'am that's
totally dodgeball listen I'm just you
got you gotta learn to walk between the
bullets Jack like that let's how you do
it
Oh like I've heard thee that the
artsy-fartsy Ness of spec up the lines
is the thing to be held is the goodness
it's all the goodness it's really just
artsy fartsy news for its own sake
yeah with no real point that I hate yeah
but but you didn't like fire watch I
didn't like fire lunch that was active
person I didn't like the game aspects I
like the I love the characters in the
dialogue I could love the things of that
game that you would call Artie yeah but
I actually kind of liked yeah okay I
didn't like the the non gameness of it
you mean game of the Year fire laughs
you didn't like no I didn't like the
game portion of the game Firewatch you
didn't like there was no game portion
like the game for the game game of the
year car wash is that what you're saying
yes it's not saying
Anonymous's I'm just gonna list a couple
of games that I first witness oh did we
get through that whole list uh yeah okay
fisted buy dope smoke says I recommend
that you play whatever the fuck you want
please also consider voicing your
opinions in YouTube videos lol fuck my
car I need to put things down yeah
you've gotten a clap oh ammo belts
shield of the maiden I kind of want to
know what that is yeah very slimy guy
I'm sure at this point people are just
fucking with us because we said we're
swamp of games get it I get the joke
boom
cinnamon you're standing out to me today
cinnamon and the chat says the game of
the year version of fire watch now
includes the dlc more walking it's true
it's true 20% more walking
we made the paths longer
if your basically if you're being
arty-farty see you can suck your own art
dick I hate it visually picturing an art
dick I'm an artist and this is what I'm
saying if aren't I great for saying this
look at these colors
what does that mean to you why do you
think there's a mule there why do you
think there's a mule there that's what
I'm saying I'm asking you what you how
you interpret the mule that's standing
in the middle of the room hey what's
this why can't I touch it yes yes Tobin
the gnome I don't hate art I hate
pretense yes yes and yes what is this I
can't stand pretense they want you to
use the tongue again well I'm saving
those for the enemy I'm saving up for
the N bus like these guys I can handle
with just my little PA still here and
you know if mo is as scarce and we know
it ammo is scarce I want to save all 350
47 bullets for the for the N boss which
I've been having some trouble with art
for the sake of art for the sake of
sucking your own dick specifically what
I'm saying art for ego oh that's better
there you go no one likes art for you go
Zack Snyder Zack Snyder
oh they hide behind Shih Tzu Oh yep yeah
so distracted because he was hiding
behind it I can get a few more dollars I
can get a shield a Maiden's shield
Gref Macmillan Teresa's rich I know you
have in her games to play
here's to 801 I know you'll love it a
JRPG realtime strategy online shooter in
all grays and browns it's called why
rich Evans hates us all but it feels
like some time think you'll really like
this one rich the sarcastic come it just
feels like my actual life Oh what
happened there anonymous says Oh
Jonathan blow me rich
Neal breezes hey rich and Jack I donated
$60 would you stream the awesome party
platform game ultimate chicken horse
that is on our list is it yes I actually
want to just check the list the proper
response was if you donated $60 yes but
now you fuck that up
well it's not or less it's on our list
we don't have it I hope oh here's what
I'll say sir we do not own ultimate
horse let's do the let's do the
financial math how much does the game
cost however much it costs donate that
much Oh Jack on the one it's not how you
run a business you okay rich Evans is
gonna take care of this you know rich
I'm gonna shut up you go ahead
ready hey if I donate $60 where you play
also my chicken hearts oh you know what
how would it take a look at ultimate
chicken fours first one I take yours
first
something I don't care I like chickens
Jack chickens oh they're part of the
things I hate okay great I'll say maybe
Caesarion fart says what do you guys
think is the realest game you've ever
played the fakest game the unrealistic
aim is it unrealistic please agree with
my taste or else I will be sad
lol , fuck my cock
casual horses guys just caught up with
the last few streams in the name of the
Breen get someone asked rich to stop
pulling his pilot out of the cockpit
during battle in FTL so many innocent
people have died rich why do you pull
your pilot out of the cockpit so often I
think I did during the I don't you
that's something I usually do really I
do it if if there's a like a fire in the
cockpit sure or or if I'm being boarded
yeah I might bring everybody to the
healing room but I think when I was
using the the mantis Cruiser or whatever
it's called the Mantis ship
I was doing it a lot because the pilot
was a mantis and I needed soldiers and
Manta and his people are good soldier
okay
sure sure usually I don't think it's
something I do all that often
plus I'm I need to drop item hold up
okay so let's see what this works so I
got this shield
and I'm gonna try to drop my ammo okay
great
I got the maid in shield let's see what
that is it's good if you have something
extra yeah like a gun or or an extra
item that you can drop use to block
bullets oh I got mr. blank is saying
let's be honest rich does a lot of
things wrong FTL dude I pulled up
fucking no pause run live on stream pull
F&O; pause run guys people are jerks I
wonder if that's just something you can
do like I wonder what could the cooldown
on this is I don't want to you know I
don't want to use it now should get
another key after jackknives two more
times would be a good time for co-op
yeah well I know let rich play for a
little bit to warm up and then then yeah
we'll try some co-op when you try
different character oh yeah oh yeah yeah
I just figured you know like I always
start with the standard character right
that's the time I go to get out of here
candles dumb candles alright Tommy gun
fully loaded shield ready to go let's do
this Who am I fighting rich come back to
me when you beat challenge 5 and
vanquish rich I passed I didn't know FTL
was vanquish Oh
rich also pulled off a nobody left why
run many times it's not an easy game
that's actually one of like the selling
points of the game it's a little harder
I don't quite understand what that
shield does I'll tell you what
it probably blocks every bullet that
hits it yeah but I can't move when I use
it well it's a good if you have a flood
of bullets coming your way
oh sure what's the cool down like on it
ah fuck I tried to head it I tried to
hit it I tried to hit my my blank and I
didn't did you upload that no pause run
to YouTube you don't tend to name the
vids usefully something like a no pause
run I would label a no pause room and
it's not been uploaded to YouTube yet
it's it's on our twitch page you can
look back at all past broadcasts right
this very moment on our twitch page we
upload them to YouTube just as a
convenience because some people find it
easier to watch them up in our junks on
YouTube but all of them are available
for viewing right this very second I
think the name on it this kind of fucked
up it's fucked up not named wrong it was
uh I was sitting in the stream real
quick and I'm very nice having wireless
keyboard issues so Asperger area the
convict I'll try the convict
what does she have she's got she's got
some awesome guns no let's do this let's
do this rich yeah the the twitch videos
on demand like the past brodcast do
expire but we also have the highlights
which are just the one-hour chunks those
never expire and you can watch all of
them right now or on youtube or you know
we try to make it easy okay got a
sawed-off shotgun a budget revolver and
that's it
oh and okay okay okay so we got some
guns we have and even even than the the
FTL no pauses that it hasn't passed the
expiration phase yet what no that's
still Richards on top that's still in
past broadcasts yeah which is on top of
all
that's something to get used to a little
you know this one has six bullets
all right handsome man purple space
bazooka says hey guys my birthday can I
please have blanket are done Wilson or
Lucas wish me a happy birthday also pay
whatever the hell you I'll play whatever
the hell you guys want
thanks for the streams lol fuck my cock
Oh have birthday at large a playable
hopefuls race Mizzou dong oh where we're
neighbors it's a goofy name I'm John
wagga muffin ragamuffin Kentucky's
largest beet farmer that's where the
real money the farms not large I'm large
I gained like I came like 400 pounds but
sweat all that pizza
so you're the world's largest beet
farmer that's oh that's great rich
Larry's anonymous says here's some money
crocodile brain thank you beets are
normal size AB leaves are perfectly
normal
I'm just a large man I saw those beats
by dre we're pretty popular so I'll get
into it I didn't even get large eating
beets it's pretty healthy all said and
done sorry my own beats all lose weight
I'll make my beet diet program call it
beat the weight oh nice nice done
Capital idea capital lose weight and
avoid scar V the Dan wagon whipping away
and I'm wearing a muffin Wayne
wait do beats ward off scurvy I don't I
think it's and vegetables the vitamins
something jerk I don't know beats heaven
but I'm just I'm just saying it's done
Wilson I gotta gotta go somewhere oh
okay nope fair enough fair enough
absolutely I'm with you
yes fruit you don't yeah I know when I
kind of knew after I said it like I said
you're going off this what happens when
you go off the cuff that's Don Wilson
Don Wilson doesn't care about facts
maybe Don Wilson doesn't understand the
facts of scurvy have you ever thought
about that you know what I've never
thought about that before I will be
honest with you it has never occurred to
me that Don Wilson might not be up on
his scurvy
they kill everybody yay yay I'm
designing and I love Star Wars pixel
figure for you any ideas for another
Jack what the guy who made the pixel
losses oh yeah what's an IDF front of
you he's doing something with me and
Star Wars I love Star Wars I'm gonna do
me jerking off a droid which I don't
appreciate it all quite frankly sure
what about you fuck bot you could make a
fuck about one that would be great you
can make a fuck about one yeah you could
make a Tommy the mailman one with me and
my beard I think I was bearded this time
the mailman
which would be creepy
I got a badass rifle oh my god
yeah that looks like the old Nintendo
super scope six it might be it might
you'll Breen says here's the donation
for taking a look at ultimate chicken
horse thanks guys we did it
great then we will take listen we are
much more likely to play a game if we
have that game it is very rare that like
you know this was something I was
looking at anyway enter the gungeon
hyper light drifter was something I was
interested in anyway but like if you
really want us to try something out get
it for us it's like I can't gauge an
interest level because I literally know
nothing about the game about what the
hyperchicken oh and I'm neither do i by
the way ultimate ultimate chicken averse
neither do I know nothing about that
game except for the name which is silly
oh fuck you you ran right into it I did
I was more saying that to myself oh
there's two shops this stage it's no
look at the map look at their heads
interesting Oh unless they both lead to
this probably two entrances sure shop
that would make sense
I don't know nothing I've only streams
yes I thought it might have been steams
for second I think it my old man
squinted Ivan least rinses rich plead
reeds Wow rich plead read this please
please read this read this rich yes
please read this ah the French Champagne
has always been celebrated for its
excellence there is a California
champagne by Paul Mason inspired by that
same French excellence oh yeah yeah yeah
ah the French the French you have to be
a low price oh oh the French
French Champagne has always been
celebrated for its excellence
there was a California champagne by
Palma song inspired by that same French
excellence some as close to Orson Welles
as I'm never gonna get only have one key
but the shop has another key they also
have if you knock over those things by
the way and leave some fire trail
who needs that's I haven't have you ever
gotten a grappling hook yep okay they're
selling a grappling hook I have not
gotten a lot of things I've played this
for like four hours tops
sure tops more importantly they have a
heart for sale which I think I don't
have to buy it probably closer to two or
three ringing of nimac friendship no
probably it probably turns people into
allies be my guess not actually a ring
but rather a small creature pretending
to be ring emits a strange its psychic
tone only recognizable - mimics
preventing them from attacking I didn't
even know there were mimics well there
you go whatever a mimic is it ain't
fucking with me now
oh shit oh shit it's not the same
commercial where he's arguing about how
to deliver the lines right with whoever
was making the commercial yes yeah I
know how to say it don't tell me how to
sell wine yeah I think it's a little
drunk
just in general oh I used my key okay I
got a buy I gotta buy hard gotta buy a
heart so far we have not used the steam
controller on this actually I think it's
gonna be a pain in the ass to set up as
I'm using the gog.com version of the
game that's completely DRM free and the
same price this guy so it makes it like
far superior really to the steam version
of the same game but then you don't get
you don't get the achievements you don't
get you don't get the the fuck cares
about achievements I do why they're
literally they're nothing they're
literally nothing they're completely
meaningless like him that's nice work
there Jack felt pretty good about that
oh shit oh that one he was selling peace
poor Orson Welles
I was doing good is the force nope how
about you nope
how about I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
and I didn't oh hey you played for a
little bit let me take a little break
alright you take this laptop I don't
think that that laptop like device I
will take this laptop like device of a
yep Oh someone has gifted us ultimate
chicken horse alright there you know Nia
Breen thank your nail Breen
we now have ultimate chicken horse what
does the pilot have what's he doing no I
don't really I don't really expect your
daughter okay
you were just rhetorically yeah this
paternal asking ooh
chance to pick locks Oh could only be
used once per lock all right better
nothing reduce prices at shops nice oh
okay nice
okay yeah I can give you a game
what's your steam name if you you can
send any sort of steam gift to prereq at
red letter media calm
b2b pew pew breaking bang motion
controls are different
oh sorry they are they're all different
you can change into the way you know
them
you can change them we don't have any
ps4 controllers here either we have a
steam controller here as a backup
controller and we'll just wow I want to
use my dodge oh sorry
the trigger makes much more sense at the
point I changed things though I'd
already been using that for a bit yep no
I'm with you I'm with you do you pew pew
so it when you die in this game you
perma die yes yeah it's it's one of
those rogue you like slash rogue lights
whatever we are calling them now where
you have to make it through the entire
game without dying or you start over
from the beginning
oh and it's that sweet sweet procedural
generation so every time is different
that's fine that's fine
rich Jack rich hates everything
including me and he hate you most of all
yeah the real Vance is that and
apparently he doesn't want to answer my
questions so I'll ask you have you seen
the road one trailer oh yes it's it's
fine it's fine you know what what every
trailer looks good these days because
Hollywood has perfected the art of
cutting a trailer you can take a shit
movie and make it look good we have the
trailer looks good what does that mean
right now nothing right I think we
talked about this before where it's like
the force awakens I know I really like
the force awakens and rich-rich is okay
with force awakens so we can all agree
that the Forrest awakens is fine but one
is not a trend
we cannot gauge if they will continue to
make fine or good movies based off of
one good movie the trailer does look
great I love to see in the 80 80s they
you know it's super fun yeah yeah it
looks interesting I don't give a shit if
it's like the Dark Star Wars or whatever
as long as it's a good story that's all
I care about
I just want to watch good movies in a
sci-fi setting it's fine everything is
fine wait until the movie comes out do
you expect a Darth Vader cameo I don't
fucking know probably maybe not maybe
he'll be a background character it
doesn't matter
the wait till the movie comes up
yeah I thought I actually liked that
about the 8080 so like that they weren't
you know everybody thinks of ha when you
think of 80 80s and so like just to see
them not on a snow planet it was kind of
cool and they looked good and we can
only hope that it's a good movie like
you do with any movie I hope it's good
because I like seeing good movies funny
thing about seeing a walker yeah it's
something other than hawk isn't the
advantage to a walking thing like that
attraction in the snow is her gonna I
was kind of a snow vehicle otherwise you
could shoot some kind of tank or
something right
oh and I guess I just have figured it
was the big it was the artillery you
know or artillery artillery you can put
our till around like a tank it's
supposed to like a legs yeah but all
their things had legs you know like the
80s tees and when they were on Endor
right I guess I guess other things kind
of had legs so I guess I always just
assumed it was just our killer
oh I just changed that - what
it didn't save my settings Oh the 80 in
in 88 e stands for altering alright so
and don't change it back for no reason
you fuck did you confirm it I thought I
did okay it must not have okay their
artillery they're just badass troop
transports know they have big-ass guns
on them they're both really I guess
they're both yeah they never made a big
deal and keep in mind I know nothing
about the expanded universe so it's
quite possible that there were troops
inside the belly of the 80s they never
showed that in the movie though right
troops inside the belly under the toys
had like a big open compartment and I
don't know whatever okay ah let's see
here
movie Boozer says speaking of Orson
Welles read this rosebud
yes rosebud frozen peas full of country
goodness and green penis wait that's
terrible I quit from the critic that's
from a critic oh I had B before it okay
I think I know what happened you forgot
to confirm no I had be like tell it to
use that as my blank but instead be his
back I didn't hit a first apparently 88
e stands for all-terrain attack
transport okay okay so there you go so
it's base so don't give a shit about any
of this can I can I double up on that
Ridge yeah I I don't give a shit does it
look cool in the movie and facilitate an
action sequence that's all I care about
okay great penis they're like there are
people that know all the names of all
the things in the movie like well Luke
Speer in a new hope was actually
seven Class B speeders so there's no way
he should have been able to make it back
to Tashi station
you know like bullshit like I don't know
any of that stuff there we go which is
better Superman 1 or Superman - I
haven't seen both and so long I'm not
comfortable answering that I know when I
was a kid too
but because super villains yeah so I
really need a good solid modern
rewatching then ages super you know
Superman - also had the the Superman
loses his superpowers plot when he
decides to marry Lois land and give up
his superpowers and then he has to get
him back I was never comfortable with
him getting back his super car I never
understood why he would need to lose the
superpowers to get Lois Lane right that
inherently doesn't make much sense to me
this is what I'm saying
and so like even though there were super
villains his whole losing the superpower
thing really made Superman to feel a
little weird for me always so I'm gonna
say Superman 1 and in Superman 1 you get
the you get the poetry do you remember
when Lois Lane is flying with Superman
and she reads a poem I don't about final
sherita's she literally reads a poem
it's great
because women take ass oh I get it
Thank You great geek did you know that
eighty 80s are polished with 54d
military-grade wudu hide oil before this
decent decent idea did you know that we
have a landspeeder
gonna 52 kilohertz for Vigo sorry what
are you what are you speed up the
passive versed a passive nice noise okay
here's an important question rich by
favorite does it involve blue hide it
does not involve MU do hide okay you
have to make a choice
yeah live without 80s music or live
without 80s movies and live without 80s
music yeah specific well okay now these
were like the best decade for movies now
assume that your livelihood doesn't
depend on movies no no either way so
okay old any easily I'm not a what a
super huge music guy yeah and doors were
70s and novato's were 90s so so really
I'm pretty safe you're just missing out
on a lot of hair the hair metal yeah no
one cares about that
there's some good 80s music it just some
sure I'm sure not to poopoo all eighties
music at poopoo
Oh
what a fun game this little game right
here it oh that's a fun pretty fun
I'm into it pretty into oh sorry
actually we do it we have a tip um X
comics twitch says hey guys it's my
birthday - happy birthday economics
which thanks for getting it off to a fun
start while I await Jay in the manhole
can I get a Donna Wagner muffin or
flowers shoutouts stay awesome why did
the last one I think it's time for
flowers to make a return do you know
what that means you're one day closer to
death all parts of flowers look glad
you're sharing your time with me
see dr. Sonia's I don't think we would
lose they might be giants though they
just wouldn't produce any music in the
80s and most of the albums I liked from
them come from the 90s sure they got
their start in the eighties but we
wouldn't lose them in the 90s die hard
back to the future aliens the Empire
Strikes Back Return of the Jedi
Robocop Robocop Ghostbusters goes it's
not a question yeah it's not a question
if if getting Ghostbusters means I lose
they might be giants I'm gonna have to
say that's worth it and I'm really sorry
too they might be giants or you know one
of my favorite bands but it's not it's
not the question
gremlins The Goonies the thing you guys
are right Bladerunner you're talking
about like the best movie decade yes is
the best movie decade hmm you can open
that one can't you and I'm the key slug
I think that one doesn't take these blue
or brown ones and take these right oh no
nevermind
we would lose all music from 80s movies
then whoo maybe if it only exists in the
movie you cannot remove it from the
movie interesting ilmar I were just
gonna have to disagree on that el Mar
says 70s is the best movie decade and
disagree on that start naming certain a
man shit
I'm just our name and shit right I'm
sure there's I'm sure there's good stuff
in every decade but we have a choice
between 80 or we're not choosing between
decades of movies we're choosing between
80s movies and 80s music I would take
80s movies over 70s movies whoa that's a
cool gun
alien Mad Max Star Wars yeah these are
all good one the first Mad Max the good
one is the second one which came out in
80
yes yeah this one this guy for some
reason is really hard for me some bitch
so I'm a bitch
some bitch that's the nature of these
games though just a bunch of dying I
should have done I shouldn't I should
not have died them yeah I think I I hope
better for you you've been playing
longer than me it's a little bit ooh
boldly the road a little thing called
Wrath of Khan 82 is that true yeah oh
shit dog - or maybe he that was his
defense of the eighties movies yeah oh
god we get Wrath of Khan fuck yeah
everyone loves graphic on eighties were
insane for movies insane yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay Oh
Jedi fan says great 70s movies Chinatown
Godfather 1 and 2 Star Wars the sting
the conversation Halloween alien
Apocalypse Now taxi driver exercies deer
hunter a lot of great seventies movies
sure but I'll take the 80s over there
I would I would agree with that and
again we're not deciding between 70s and
80s movies we're doing
I changed the question because I just
think that's far harder sure it's far
harder pick between the 70s movies and
eighties movies I still take the 80s
movies but you know what I'm with you
I'd still think the eighties movies it's
just such a non conversation when you're
talking about 80s movies versus 80s
music yeah if 80s movies okay so 80s and
70s movies I'm still taking any movies
absolutely Robocop over taxi driver I'm
gonna take that oh yeah I'll take that
too and you know and I like taxi drivers
no really of course exams good movie but
I'm gonna take Robocop you can have
Kramer vs Kramer I don't care switches
do oh okay yeah yeah you guys gonna have
Network and Serpico or whatever
we'll be over here my future ruins oh
okay here we go
oh no I'm taking 90s 70s versus 90s
movies and maybe this is just because my
age but I'm taking nineties movies sell
me on it I think we go in 70s 70s vs.
90s movies
I mean Jurassic Park Jessica Park Dark
City Pulp Fiction Reservoir Dogs yeah
Tarantino Yeah right
clerks which was huge for me but ya know
for me I wouldn't have a twister you got
twister right yeah
90s was the era of the bad CG movie yeah
oh no you know like all the only thing I
thought about was me personally let's
stop trying to tell a story because we
no longer have to was the 90s mantra
Fight Club 90s yes oh you know what so
many Coen Brothers movies in 90s yeah
Coen Brothers Coen Brothers win that's a
maybe
so there's there's enough good stuff
mixed in with the seasoned crap yes cuz
I think 90 is the first thing I think of
this like shit like the arrival and
species the whole know but antsy like
the like you know we get Fargo we get
the Big Lebowski we get the hudsucker
proxy we we get yeah Barton Fink you
know we get pulp fiction we get the
Fifth Element
shit yeah we get shank redemption we get
Raising Arizona literally all of the
great Coen Brothers from the nineties
would be gone so fuck anything else 90s
we get spawn you're right we so you know
that's all you need maybe you may be
bringing me around them yeah I'm this
one Barton Fink is is what is one of my
favorite movies Barton Frank is
beautiful oh is Raising Arizona 80s Oh
Raising Arizona zany stuff so that's
another great a teaspoon it's another
great 80s movie oh sorry sorry then
actually then Barton Fink is probably
80s too right
yeah we did they said a at raising
Arizona was 87 okay
so then actually yeah Barton fingers
Friday 87 - but that's okay still a lot
of good Cohen's in the 90s
basically yeah I guess part Barton Fink
was 91 boom
great thank you Royal Tenenbaums oh yeah
you get you get your Paul what's his
name Thomas Anderson Bob W Thomas or
whatever his name is
you know his movies you get out you get
Rushmore Rushmore person um I saw once a
long time ago I remember I wasn't super
huge on Oh Rushmore alien the resurgence
of the Murray I know I need to see The
Big Lebowski that was 90s right that was
late night yeah you have to see the big
one you haven't seen the big let us know
you have to see the Big Lebowski there's
water world to get water world rich in
the 90s the 90s followed the eighties
era of the great blockbuster movie with
the shit blockbuster movie you you went
from ghostbusters to Waterworld yep from
et to the arrival what decade gave us a
cocoon that's the 80 from from Nightmare
on Elm Street 2 species oh gods uh
accidentally hit the blank again really
you have a problem that that's that's
weird time you two I'm too aggressive
with the controllers okay what end of
the sticks
Trickett witness see you happen again
that one probably actually helped me out
right but accident it's very surprising
usually usually like it takes a real
concerned effort for me to press down on
a stick
let alone both sticks you got the help
you got the help yeah I need the health
later yeah
breathe okay good got one down
yeah where you hide away yeah I'm not
impressed not impressed you know what
you made it so I'm impressed
okay oh oh is that so it's like a magic
spell it's a gun not a passive hold up
oh you have two keys okay yes uh solid
row as a question force which is better
2020s vr porn or 1890s minstrel shows
nostalgic jerking off intensifies I'm
gonna go the vr porn probably the vr
porn than 20 times gonna be pretty good
they're gonna have worked out all the
kinks
I get it do you
oh yeah works out the kinks I get it
rich I think that was pretty good I mean
I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna lie
there
I need some lotion for that hand I'll
let all that patent on your own bags
probably probably drying out your skin
you just didn't react to my to my clever
wordplay so I felt like I needed to
spell it out a little bit yes my my
intricate my intricate wordplay that was
not very funny
Oh his sunglasses like fly off huh
that's great Lloyd beats
did you guys hear Warner Brothers is
spending millions on reshoots for
Suicide Squad to make it more
lighthearted since Batman vs Superman
sucked hard for being too dark and
somber know the horrible success and
they're happy with it even though
they're completely restructuring how
they make movies now they're super happy
with it oh you're a tough whomp
even though Melissa i'm melissa mccarthy
comedy is now beating it at the box
office has been a few weeks
oh no I think its opening weekend is
beating is what they're saying no no
that manner not better for Superman
something we can no neuromotor
McCarthy's opening weekend yes oh oh I
get what you're saying sorry I was
confused yes yeah it's been out if you
want a few few weeks there one week how
long has it been out Batman vs Superman
Batman V Superman month or close to it I
think some three or fourth week okay um
am i right
maybe I'm wrong time time is but a shell
you know oh I gotta change that key I've
wasted wasting blanks left and right yes
I hate that can you pause yeah fuck it
now I'm out anyway oh you know they're
doing all this stuff to to reshape their
new movies but they're still letting
Zack Snyder be in charge of the big
franchise you know that's the that's the
thing for me where where they can they
can't it just admit a mistake don't
forget to change your setting and that's
the thing you like job like a movie with
two of the most popular fiction
characters ever created should be number
one for longer which is the big thing
and it's it still is not is not a
beating their predictions for it and
it's not performing as well as it should
be seven hundred million I don't think
it's fair to say it's an horribly either
no no it hasn't done horribly which is
the problem it hasn't done as well as
they thought it would do but it didn't
do poor enough that Zack Snyder loses
his job right but you know there are
other so it's a moot point there are
other factors nothing nothing's getting
better no nothing is getting better I
think there are other factors and you
know they I think the real problem is
they're not taking any blame for the
problems right the reason Zack Snyder
keeps working is because he is really
good at following studio notes he
listens to the studio right that's why
he keeps working and so the studio would
have to admit that their notes sucked
in order to fire him oh it tends to
freeze okay great
gun chest
see what the fire thing does oh it's a
muncher what does that put two guns in
there I have two guns but I kind of if
you put two guns in there a new one
comes out I really like one of them see
I gotta figure out what this does I bet
you can I don't want to get rid of
either of these things yet let's this
flame hand sucks sure sure sure
I was Marie all of us at one time used
that ammo drop oh yeah so you know zack
snyder's gonna keep working because he
will make the movie that the executive
board at WB wants him to make and
there's a there's a lot on fire it's us
well you know what you could light them
on fire switch weapons you know but I've
died because I switched this fire yep
yep slow rate offense low redefine
didn't do that much damage that's a
great weapon yeah
do you see movies that are more just
part of an overall strategy if they
believe in this video banking yeah but
now like now they're banking on a Harry
Potter movie with no Harry Potter in it
wait what's going on WB they're the
their next big franchise movies are a
Lego Batman movie which will probably do
pretty well and strange beasts and where
to find them which is a part of the
Harry Potter universe but it has no
Harry Potter in it you know I think it's
his dad or something Oh what want the
flippity-flop
this thing that's crazy
what's that green fuck the top of his
head man I don't know jack I don't know
great oh whoa that's great
oh I need a shopping it's locked
Oh
a shrine to Shelton mo elemental deal
with the devil the shadows grow darker
weird I didn't know what I got from that
I think you just got Mamo
oh alright but this what who dat
I don't know go see I can't Jack oh wait
I need a different key you need a
dancing key I did have a key but it's
not the right kind of key right universe
I thought I didn't have a key at all
right right okay okay Oh what's her face
from adventure time Marceline yeah yeah
it does
yes Schneider is the polar opposite to
Eden but I mean I know I know you guys
some of you guys don't like Joss Whedon
but he note he knows how to handle an
ensemble he knows how to tell a story
that man knows how to direct movies he
knows how to direct big movies with lots
of characters lots of moving pieces he
can handle his shit
all right oh shit
this fires faster than I thought it did
though oh yeah it's not that bad you can
spam pretty fast noise yes I have heard
that early early viewings of civil war
going over well are going over very well
surprise Supra great so when I like it I
get to be called a marvel fan boy right
deseeded people fighting and people said
was bad
no rikishi marvel fight good DC fight
bad solomon grundy confused
