Episode 114
Welcome to the Gungle (Part 2)
June 8, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnlDwEZkidI
___________________________________________

previously recorded plays the first four
hours of uncharted 4 let's the engage
okay oh my god oh it's a Skellington
we're loading again welcome to loading
screens after it loads it needs to load
the load
8h remember if it gets too exciting just
crouch down behind the wall and wait
guessing it up here you did it
this is fun I do believe people find
this to be fun yes Oh in all fairness I
do think this tutorial level is adorable
yeah that you know like instead of the
enemy shooting at you it's a nun that
grabs you by the ear oh no it's that
kind of shit that I don't like about the
series now it's you know like the fake
tension you know the tension not created
by you the player or by the enemies but
just by like it's it's it's it's a
basically a jump-scare
gotcha jump-scare are you fine yeah yeah
I'm good good
fake tension yep can't fall off I can't
fall off that's pretty safe you can do
some sweet dance moves up there though
oh this will oh no did you do one-handed
he didn't want handed ladies and
gentlemen that exciting action sequence
till sam hears about this
like you know classic platforming me I
want a running start and but you
probably don't need one right don't go
until get one don't come on yeah that
was from a standstill yeah okay great
scheme is nicely animated the movements
are oh yeah no it looks great
hi so some of you know some of the
actual animation or some of the actual
like textures seem a little glitchy but
the actions have just the right amount
of exaggeration yeah
like that weak combat system yeah has
some really weighty feeling punches the
weak combat system I think I need to
reminisce the games
they come take cover bullseye this is
good
that would have made a cute little like
moment in a scene in a movie to be fair
it was a cute scene in this it was dirty
I let you know what I liked these
touches by the way like dirty laundry
yeah like that's a real house right
there look at this
that's exactly how real people live beds
not made beer or Cola I need to choose
beer Cola but it's up to you jack
my wife asked me to grab the food
grandma grab one of these things and see
what happens I'll grab I'll grab a beer
because in my head my character is you
know is once too wants to forget the day
oh oh there it is you know it has a beer
to wind down
that's my Nathan Drake not a co-op get
up there we go but apparently it doesn't
matter cuz I left it I left it on the
counter
no no I know I had to make a choice rich
and my choice didn't matter what just
keep going interesting Oh interesting
what's my article about what
by the way I was paying attention so I
know what it's about
rich do you see this do you see what's
happening flights in Bangkok oh and it
made a choice for me troubles weren't
even right no none of them were the
correct answer but I knew the correct
answer is about smog it was about smog
in Bangkok that's a dick move naughty
dog that is a dick dick move Jameson ask
you about that Malaysian child again
Jameson always asked me about the
Malaysian job
well the doctors they doctors they
patched me up and they tossed me right
back into the cell yeah yeah all right
now get this okay I open it up right I
got out of prison let me do something in
your game
hey rich do you remember that time we
got to play Crash Bandicoot you wrote
that time we're instead of like adding a
game mechanic into the story they said
ah fuck it just put one of our old games
in there are we good
no offense where it's like bet you know
that little here's the bullshit part
that little bit of cutesy like pop gun
at the bad guys stuff yeah that was a
little bit of gameplay mixed with story
yeah right now they can do that they
have the ability to integrate gameplay
into story and they choose not to yeah
see like you have to give like this
little guy and know we're back oh shit
oh okay all right
now you need to go forward and camera
left camera left Sam's good camera left
and move left a little bit and then
forward okay go camera right camera
right camera right have you there um
forward and camera right right
oh no forward and camera left yeah now
forward there we go I hate this it awful
this is so horribly scripted there's no
way I can ever possibly be immersive
immersive no you don't understand you
think this is immersive you don't know
what the fuck immersive means true oh
fuck off Naughty Dog and you shove
fucking Crash Bandicoot in there like a
again run when we made games gala fuck
you
here's a taste of what fun used to be a
prick