Episode 115
Guns don't kill people, bullets do! (Part 1)
June 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqbUVKuYoZE
___________________________________________

riah yeah hold on we're almost good we
are now good except for the volume on
our TV shit Wow perfectly fine to me I'm
I dig this soundtrack it's no like it's
no risk of rain which I've been playing
a shit ton of now that it's on the Vita
but this is a fine soundtrack enter the
gungeon onto the gungeon the Gungans
don't you know oh don't you know how
we're ready to go Jack I thought I
wanted to take a sip of that delicious
beverage and now did you tell rich about
the dinosaur and star dude and the rich
did you know there's a dinosaur there
you go I I don't have one but I know I
know there's one in the game it's gone
simple marine sex I'm got a stupid
Stegosaurus is it oh you don't have that
guy what guy yet I'm sure I have not
been playing this as much as you have
I've been playing it a bit I've been
playing just a bit what guy do you have
I got a guy oh there I found some extra
guys what do they do there's a there's
another shopkeeper huh but he's like a
he's like a come check out this stuff in
the back of my van the chef's keeper so
like all of his stuff is like discounted
but it's not the it's not the highest
quality but it's fun oh there anything
in buying that you can start with that
would be nice what do you mean like a
like an ak-47 and once you go down and
the dungeon you start oh that would be
nice I don't know about that I would
like that shoot draws left trigger
realize that just changing it for my use
use item his right button I like that
map
and everything else should be the same
great great and to the gungeon there's a
weird thing I've been playing it it is
available on the Mac but for some reason
as soon as I get out of every elevator
it starts firing the gun automatically
won't stop and so then I have to just
press the trigger button and it stops
and it works fine for the rest of the
game until I go down the next elevator
and then it starts firing the gun again
that sounds annoying how do we change
that
yes it's very annoying he did it needs
to be done turn to a little bit more you
think yeah it's very annoying only and
it's it's especially annoying when um
there we go it's especially knowing when
I forget to do it and you know like I
have a good gun and limited bullets yeah
well you never remember to switch to the
infinite exactly before but you know
then you just get done with the boss
battle and you you're all high on life
and you're not thinking of shit yeah bad
yep carnot man says Jack yes with all
the enter the gungeon you've been
playing yes have you had time to buy
eggs I need to buy eggs tonight remind
me this is very important I need to go
to the grocery store are you are you
kidding or not this is not a joke I'm
going to the grocery store after the
stream I need eggs plus many vegetable
things
eggs and vegetables now we have to
remind you to get your vegetables to
even dodge roll all right I die you know
what I'm just not you need to fuck up my
controls I did fuck up your controls
already oh yard hit right I just was I
just was not mentally prepared
I was not uh I wasn't in it so I have to
take that hit I love I lose my armor
already I gotta take that hit this is
too loud to talk over hold on I only
turned out a little tiny bit you didn't
you know what I like the soundtrack I
like the whole soundtrack it's fair it's
rockin like the titles the main thing
when I get in there
and to the gungeon to the gungeon Lukas
Chester you know a log I hate that log
what's the long do it's a it's a decoy
no it's a decoy log but you know what
they don't they don't seem to follow it
hmm oh did we try the new compressor
setup oh yes we did we sure did and
their work worked like ass we're getting
anything right huh we weren't getting
anything oh yeah we weren't getting
anything apparently the the cloud lifter
would not talk to the compressor which
it just means there's probably something
wrong with the compressors so I returned
to the compressor and shit not killing
it can't talk and play game it's hard to
talk and play game I know it is nobody
realizes that we're just bad at games
we are very mean also though we're bet
we're bad at games oh shit that guy came
there's a guy that steals your shit no
yeah I hate him and you have to scare
him off oh that works yeah you can scare
him off and then it stays but uh I
forgot to go into the other room to
scare mom no and you know something
really weird
hmm yeah I want to tell their good story
about what happened with our compressor
yeah yeah so you know we we hook up the
compressor to the cloud lifter after the
last treatment because you know we're
gonna be on top of this we're gonna take
care of this off stream so we're ready
to go next trip yeah yeah super on top
of it and we start messing around with
the settings and nothing's really
working and all of the sudden there are
ants crawling all over the compressor
and we say oh that's funny I mean and
the compressor does spend time on just
the compressor but just the compressor
and it you know it spent some time on
the floor and so what we were thinking
oh no there's ants there's ants in the
in the streaming room that's terrible
and we start looking around the floor no
ants no ants no ants on the table no
answer anywhere else but on the
compressor I think you bought a
compressor full of a half I think that's
where the hiss was coming from I think
there was a column there's an ant colony
in the
presser this is the first time I've
gotten this oh yeah I've never seen him
before either what the heck
talk to him well yeah I just just want
to take a look yeah a shootie game the
audio is too sweet sounding they say
break the targets win a prize simple
game of skill yeah you'd have to break
the targets in a certain number of shots
each shot will ricochet a few times
before finishing break more targets to
get better or can I rate commander says
it's not a bug it's a feature oh okay
well if I can get 25 coins it's what if
I have golden bullets I can play this
game
okay definitely gonna do that so you
fail to give a tweet the bullets
party died well before then right oh oh
oh my god I roll this is not your match
well you know I'm getting there he had
no warming up he just went right into it
I was I what you know what I was playing
earlier so I should be willing to have
fun who is your favorite gun jr. and why
um you know right now I've been playing
mostly just the standard soldier just
cuz he's he's easy I do what makes him
easy we should talk about these things
oh sure so he his his bonus that he
starts with is he gets an aim and reload
bones he has a name bonus too yeah okay
and so you know he's just a little
easier to deal with and his gun reloads
a little faster he also starts with a
piece of armor yeah
we rich that big deal I mean it's an
extra hit and when you only have six
hits that he has seven hits you know
yeah and that helps I do also really
like I had a couple I had a couple of
really good runs with the lady with the
crossbow yeah just because like the
crossbow really makes you settle down
and like one shot one kill
so you get swarmed one shot one cone see
it gets warm then you're fucked and her
doggy gives me treats and I like it I
like it when the doggy gives me treats
what
you do attack me you can dig up prizes
in the room okay so he digs up things
you wouldn't be able to find normally
yeah he has a random chance of giving
you like a hard piece okay ammo box or
something
okay so I've mostly been playing like
hyper light drifter not Frank
particularly grand reasons not like I
don't like this there's just too much
shed sure that is very true there's just
too much shit yeah what was that
well air it off a blank oh shit oh your
blank is different that's right
I did not yeah I have it set to be I
actually turned off the dual button ones
because sure they set off all the time
so you might want to change that too I
can get used to that you know what
actually that's my big problem right now
is I'm still an isaac mode and so I am
not used to the items or the blanks
alright or reloading oh yeah you know
what I would like this game a lot more
without reloading you know it's it's
just one of those things where I want to
upgrade my gun and want that gun to stay
permanently I don't worry about fucking
ammo I got some really great guns that
don't have loads it's just like I said
well account it's like oh it was great I
got the proton pack once and all I can
say is proton pack for life that is the
greatest gun in the gungeon the proton
pack this game's gonna get sued you
think I have the other day I never got
to fire I died before I really got a
chance to use it I got Decker's gun from
Blade Runner
that is awesome yeah I think I think if
they did get sued they would love that
because it would be free publicity for
them earthworm jims gun is something you
can find the proton pack yo the the Ness
zapper oh there's an S which is pretty
awesome
dude guys hey hey hey Sal donggu guys I
died one of those GRU guys once it made
me feel like shit first of it well
they're annoying in small spaces there
that happens oh it's a book it's a book
in the library the NES ever does
something really funny where it shoots
like six bullets and then after you
shoot six bullets it shoots out a duck
hunt bird and the duck hunt bird attacks
the people for a little bit it's pretty
funny
leftover beefcake since you guys
interview the developer of stardew
valley to find out why he has an anti
bald agenda failing that how about a
director's cut of that episode that
includes the wife conversation I
specifically took out that wife
conversation to make fun of all of you
who call who asked us about waifu's I'm
never gonna call it that no no you
shouldn't
that's a stupid words a stupid word it's
somebody in the chat asked me what I
hate today I hate the word way food yep
as you should it's a stupid stupid word
okay
that key mostly just I like Leia Jack
likes penny and Haley's a bitch
Haley's a baby bitch this chest is
closer Haley's a bitch you know I also
like marui oh no the other chest was a
better color I think if we determined
the color means anything nope there I
mean there are big chests like there's
like that yeah I'm assuming those are
better there's a big red one and I also
came across a giant black chest but blue
or green I think Browns the worst I feel
like look this looks a little more
ornate okay other than the plain old
brown yeah I'm gonna assume stupid shit
I think it doesn't seem to make a
difference I'll take it I'll take it
Nana says stream Dark Souls 3 it's not
free you fucks it is someone gifted that
to us so we we are actually going to do
a first 4 hours of Dark Souls 3 so we
are not streaming it tonight because
we're filming that later do you have a
computer that can handle it nope nope
nope but we have it I'm gonna give it to
you as well okay okay okay
oh shit you have to bounce oh I should
go through oh okay wow that was almost
cool you can have this yep get out of
here dick I scared him off Mitch doesn't
like Dark Souls 3 where are you pulling
this shit out of your ass from that's
true you guys it's very true rich does
not like dark souls 3 he told me already
he's been secretly playing it and he
told me he does not like it
he is the Harnish first boss he is he is
I actually like just my last playthrough
I defeated him with the stock gun which
I felt really happy about
Oh links yonder yeah nurses why don't
either of you assholes love Abigail why
so racist against Abigail's one way
which one's Abigail the purple haired
woman oh that's why I meant not meru
abigail is who I liked Bruce Bochy is
second for me I like science she liked
science peruse that Maru is the daughter
and Abigail's the one that ability well
there are all daughters everybody is
either a son or a daughter Jamie Muro is
is Robin's daughter abigail is just kind
of boring she's not horrible she's just
kind of there she'll play video games
yeah
you'll play video games you did you play
the video game at all we didn't get into
that but no Leia we started an art show
it was kind of neat did you play the
video game it's a twin stick shooter you
can play it in Barb any take a lot yeah
okay Liam Marui kind of an abigail penny
tie and then Haley because she's a bitch
it's penny number one obviously and then
Abigail then Maru pays a fine upstanding
person she's such a sad-sack penny will
just spend all day snuggling and reading
books with you in the library and all
day looking sad that's reading a sad
book it's nice to see you know about the
bailout gladly be Penny's friend she's a
sad sack and you could make her life
better that's that's your that's your
pilot Leia smile she has a she has a
zest for life she's an artist she's
gonna bring nothing to the relationship
she's she's fucking sells art she's
bringing money in teachers don't make
jack shit
fucking ghosts nice nice
I think they'll have the biggest boobs
and then you probably want a li well you
know what you got to work for it cuz she
only likes diamonds what fuck what the
oh oh that concept there there was one
heightened rich there was one hiding in
the corner yeah I didn't see him broke
my armor an orange table tech range
interesting interesting don't starve is
on my list of things to play I do I do
want to try Dawnstar
this is a great song
where we think of the guys though I'm
not gay I didn't pursue any of the guys
I also did not pursue anything guys so I
can't tell you there was that one I
thought was a girl cuz he had long
luxurious hair really well you know you
just see him you just see him in the
little a little thing right and you're
like the distance you see him in the
small pixel you're like oh I'll go talk
to that lady oh it's a guy so I did not
pursue any of the dudes I did try to be
friends with murrow's dad did you get
the whole bruise dad telling you not to
not to get what jerk what a dickhead
stay away from my daughter she's gonna
she's got important things to do with
her life exactly and I'm just like oh oh
mister man so sorry mister man living in
a small town whose wife does all the
work just sayin just sayin Robyn's here
building something what are you doing
what are you doing here with your life
what does he do what happens if you
don't socialize and started nothing you
can farm all day if you want yeah you
don't have much is there for you to do
or not do you don't have to socialize at
all you uh if you if you want to just
farm all day like the the benefits of
socializing is like you get stuff
sometimes you know like they'll give you
recipes or they'll give you they'll just
give you things but nice you can say
fuck it if you want
nice nice no you don't have to do
anything in starter Valley uh you know
we uh you don't have to farm you don't
have to eat there's no there's no like
life bar there's no it's it's you could
walk around in circles all day you could
fish all day I did several days I just
fished like fuck the farm would you
really would you really want to walk
around in circles all day it's oh wait
you like Firewatch oh and by the way a
comment I've been seeing on the YouTube
page I I won I was not aware that you
could turn the dirt back into ground if
you use the pickaxe I didn't want to say
anything but but here's the thing that
that wouldn't change my point in my joke
which is it was a very mundane thing
that made me very excited in the game
mmm so the fact that I could have done
it fast does not change the joke or my
excitement yonder yonder says how much
for rich Evan sing and dance I'm all
about that tip to the beat of that
horrible Trainor song obviously I'll
rewrite all the lyrics for you for a
full three minutes song and dance not
happening not happening a grenade
launcher bout bouncer
mustard lover says have you considered
doing the weekend stream on a Saturday
instead of a Sunday also as a Star Trek
fan out of a Star Trek fans has any of
you ever tried the Star Trek MMO Star
Trek Online I'm not an MMO person so I
have not tried it ditto
Joshua saucier says rich do you ever
play baldur's gate any opinion on that
style of Western RPG have not played it
I have no real opinion I know I think
that's Bioware so I might be good
Bioware beforebefore EA it's probably
good the knife shield is a shield made
of blasphemous knives
be wary of using it as it's believed to
bring upon the anger of the jammed yeah
you try it what happens
I had much I think I'd rather have BMO I
got a I got a grenade launcher only the
ammo get out of here hey Jack how far
have you gotten in this to the fourth
level fourth I've gotten to the fourth
level and I got pretty far in the fourth
levels but I was actually and and I I
ran in system some enemies that I was
not mentally prepared for but I did get
down to the fourth level which I'm very
excited about table tech range I guess
we should see what that is right oh no
briefly increases damage whenever a
table is flipped I like that and I'm not
big on mmo's I don't want to socialize
with my gaming it's not why I game I
want the opposite of socializing with my
games get together with people no no no
not a masseuse if rich feels up to it
could eat real wine so I can use it for
a video you've reached the voice mailbox
of your worthless pathetic life if you
leave a message I'll try my best to
admire and let me see if I can do this
okay you've reached the voice mailbox of
your worthless pathetic life if you
leave a message I'll try my best to
ignore it well okay not ok sleepier
you've reached the voice you've reached
the voice mailbox of your worthless
pathetic life if you leave my you've
reached you can do it I can you've
reached the voice mailbox of your
worthless pathetic life if you leave a
message don't try my best to ignore it
that's pretty good yeah
rich how much to get you to finish
streaming Last of Us uh-huh yeah rich
hmm
that's probably gonna be multiple
streams whoa to finish the whole game
and unless I said finish war a thousand
Haji I was enjoying it
you weren't no not really wasn't the
worst nap spring that well the worst
thing I've ever done but I was bored
sure a G to finish the last of us G live
on stream man as a hefty price hold on
we have to here's here's why the here's
why you need the the site V the silencer
or the the blank to be these things so I
can accidentally hit them well here's
why I here's why I need them to be these
things which is uh you need them you
need to be able to press it without
letting go of the aim and move yeah so I
am uh I am going back those ticks down I
probably make it one of the triggers
like left trigger change map to
something else oh yeah you know what you
never you never need a quick map right
you know yeah okay so now I have the
blank I got the crossbow that's
something I can sell for one G you got
to do it in one sitting I don't know how
much game there is left or how long it
will take me I would I would promise at
least four hours at a time until it's
done for a one g donation
when I got like 20 hours left ya know
fuck that shit
you've little just make the next like
week worth of streams miserable for
every shit wait oh shit
shit I said one tip I'm not doing this
piecemeal y'all want to pitch together
to box you you will you will do that
shit
I've not seen the Doctor Strange trailer
be prepared to be underway maybe it's
just because I don't know
yonder yonder now that doesn't count and
you know it his message is just the
letter G 1 G right yep nope nope
smartass yep
it's you know maybe like I remember
seeing Ironman trailers early Ironman
trailers and just going so because I
didn't care about Ironman
Benedict Cumberbatch is a fine actor mmm
I like dr. strange yeah I don't love
that much I don't I don't care enough
about dr. cranky to be excited about the
trailer is what I guess what I'm saying
like okay yeah he's doing an American
accent which is strange Steve Ditko drew
some weird trippy shit which is really
fucking odd considering Steve Ditko is
just like the most uptight conservative
person who ever lived all of those guys
how much to finish undertale because
apparently we didn't finish it enough
i thinkand you have no interest in that
Undertown I don't care I leave it up to
you Ritchie
I mean they look whooping yeah we play
stuff it's fine people have been asking
I know this shit I know I mean we beat
the last boss feels pretty finished
there you know I know there's extra
ending you can get you didn't you didn't
be beat this yeah yeah yeah that's up to
you right so I'll leave that to your
discretion
Boston's season 2 of dirt of liking it
so far
I still haven't got into it I got like
like four games I want to play and like
two TV shows I wanna watch yep
so what there's a lot competing for my
free time right now Oh we'll get into
the daredevil thing I I mean just just
for me okay I like a lot of it as we get
towards the end and this is not this is
not a spoiler but I will just say in
general I've always hated when they
turned Matt Murdock into a devout
Catholic mmm it always bugged me yeah it
fits it's fine it's always bugged me and
there there is um why is it bug you just
because there's there's always weird
shit that happens in the Marvel Universe
so why would anybody be Ken looking that
like a house guardian exactly you know
they did that and you know they did that
in 2099 one that like Thor and and
NASCAR head of religion in the marvel
future 2099 that's great yeah I mean for
me right now there's there's good
there's enter the gungeon yeah hyper
light drifter stardew valley I want to
play Dark Souls 3 you know then the
daredevil show and I've been watching
the boat Jack horsemen which I'm finding
entertaining so there's a lot there's a
lot of competing for my entertainment
time
yeah yeah yeah
as as it happens as it happens
I enjoyed a lot of it daredevil season 2
some parts oh fuck
some parts I didn't enjoy Nitra I'm
enjoying a lecturer eyes fine it's great
what don't you like about electro if
they've unless involved spoilers I might
involves well ok so I I won't terribly
get into it going young queuing
do you get health insurance for working
at our leverage would you would you also
like my social security number and bank
information so many people get creepy
man tree to dress please if you've been
eating well it's cool now be sure to
bundle up quiz on ik 1 says I had a
dream sequel to pixels I oh I had a
dream sequel no he just phrased it this
way that's fine I had a dream sequence
to pixels was made called polygons and
rich and Jack were the stars who had to
stop the aliens as they had the highest
scores and XCOM my question for it or
against it against it because with Jack
I we'd be doomed we'd be absolutely
fucking doomed oh that's right look when
you take the best you can find up with
the worst you get mediocrity I'm sorry
now if we're talking about enter the
gungeon it's the opposite story
anonymous says how much first skyrim he
makes the next event clowns stunts they
all think we're just we're just whores
you have to pull the sell out oh I am
sorry if you're not how much for a
skyrim stream you enjoyed the open world
of Dragon's Dogma then you'll love with
Skyrim has to offer both gameplay and
story wise
I know maybe I don't know I don't like I
can't eat sea pigs in waters plate dude
watch I'm drowning stuff you're drowning
in stuff yeah
nice use a blank get a blank now I need
a key check and Richmond hates Skyrim
why would we hate it because I've never
come out with any particular opinion on
Skyrim I think originally my position
was melee has never worked in the first
person but then somebody told me that
you can you could play at third so I
don't I don't know I don't know so now
your official stance is out oh yeah
that's my official standard people
people to save Rob Vader 12 says hey
rich what was the last time you visited
the dentist boxers or briefs what's your
mother's maiden name uh-huh I still
haven't figured out what to put on the
altar I think it might be those
necklaces that you can get you know
those necklaces that do shit mm-hmm I
think that's what you put in the altar
but I don't know did I get a key I did
not get a key people are telling about
first-person melee games that work great
oh no I've never enjoyed it I hear good
things about a chivalry you heard of
that chivalry it's like a first-person
sword fighting mm-hmm combat - game hey
I know I know it's all the kids are into
it it's all the rage thief had sword
fighting but if you're getting into
sword fights you were doing it wrong
alright not killing it here then might
be able to be them I have one hit to be
the holster
you can kill almost anyone in Skyrim
except the children and important NPCs
well you can't kill the children what's
the fucking point children are the first
NPCs I want to murder children are
annoying Sara Shenzhen's
random question of the day hey rich you
fall over from comic effect a lot
does it hurt doing that so much now did
you fall right I don't throw myself on
the ground
nice job I did that before sex I don't
throw myself on the ground like all my
force
you don't actually fall practice fuck
yeah I'm kind of a collapsing controlled
fall a lot of times if you don't see the
floor there's usually like I don't let
myself land face first life fair rich
don't let yourself laying face-first
like we did the the witness secret
ending mm-hm and you know when I fell
down the stairs a lot of that was
exaggerated head movements because I
knew I had a camera mounted in my head
and if I was swiveled my neck around a
lot it would look a lot more violent
than it really was
yeah that that look I did there was no
effects or editing work yeah on that's
there just at the very very end when
after you hit the bottom there's a cut
but at that in the actual stair fall
there was no post work that was all rich
Evans most of my way down the stairs was
just kind of like kind of lying down and
crawling down see ya let's give the
convict a try that take was pretty good
as he only tink that was no is the only
thing oh no no technically that was the
second take well I never even got off
the couch though right in the first take
oh we can buy some stuff
hot lad rich this is your game what do
you want here
I'm pick whatever I learn more you know
what's good you've been playing I got
the flash right I'm kind of disappointed
yeah it's it looks like one of those old
like 50s sci-fi big blimp looking
blasters yeah it's kind of weak heart
lock it sounds like a health thing oh
yeah
that's a good one we'll get that one who
provided the yeren food coloring oh yeah
you want to hit that I went yeah
ejected I got the food coloring all
right let's do this let's do this
oh fuck fuck fuck rich what happened huh
what happened oh um I hit the wrong
button
no well you're early you could just
restart I just wasted a blank you like
you just returned
your ability to simulate the color of
urine was very effective well your
naturally comes in varying colors I
think it's what's been like home how
strenuous you've been right
no I'm serious the more you've been
moving not how strenuous is running and
working on and how much water yeah well
okay good that might be a factor too but
that's a huge factor it's like oh like a
life is like a waste product just your
muscles working I believe right and that
makes it darker ah could be I believe
that's the case well you know it's it's
all about dehydration if you're if
you're moving around and your muscles
are working more you're using more water
in your body mm-hmm so it's it's just
about how how much water you intake shut
gun to the face call me the shotgun
specialist call me the shotgun special
bitch
everybody thank you everybody nope
nobody not did I scare away my guy long
enough what do I need to know when
recording my own best of the worst like
webisode with my friends you need to
know don't rip us off you fuck you come
we'll come get you
you want me to give you advice to steal
our show is that really what you're
asking me how do we do what you do it
and steal your thunder I can give you no
advice
you know try to talk a lot it's uh it's
hard to talk over movies um I'm sure the
next stream will probably be Dark Souls
3 would be my guess
probably we we won't be streaming on
Sunday oh because we're filming that
other thing okay I got changed last I
heard of a Saturday we talked about it
we talked about it last week Saturday at
my place is that the last you heard that
maybe I don't remember you talking about
what day it was gonna be remember
talking to people I guess I just changed
it's Sunday
okay that's fine heads up that's fine
all right doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
would you one would you want to do a
make up straight words you know I know
maybe you know we should strike I do
want a string since ourselves we should
okay yeah we'll do make it ring okay
ones you well you know when you're free
I'll top you just off the top of your
head I know you might not know off the
top of your head so okay well we'll get
we'll get back to you chat but it we've
so no stream Sunday and I thought sweden
know that fuck you any thoughts on Ben
Affleck becoming the director of his own
and next Batman his official official WB
Ben Affleck directing a standalone but
man I have I have no strong opinion on
him directing it I like him as Batman
and I'm I'm excited I'm so excited about
a fat man's soul yeah
you I think both of us are decidedly pro
affleck batman yeah and if he's
directing it you know there's gonna be a
lot of Batman in it I say he isn't ego
I'm saying he has an ego that was the
joke Richard I'm failing as this lady
won't let you know that you can tell as
much as you would like good because I am
ah shit I am
well what movie did he direct he didn't
he direct that um I honestly don't
recall upside my head that like one
where he was the the they had to sneak
the hostages out and so they tried to he
was like a film producer who directed
Good Will Hunting not them they wrote it
they just they just wrote that what
anonymous says check stop judging games
by their names and play soul sacrifice
Delta already having a Vita and not
playing that game as straight up is a
straight up crime it's like buying a ps4
and not playing blood-borne well way to
tell other people what games they ought
to be playing soul sacrifice Delta does
sound like a dumb name I think that
doesn't mean it's bad no that does not
mean it's bad but it does sound like a
dumb game
I will do my best to stop judging games
by their name but in my defense you know
you kinda have to judge the book by its
cover or else how will you know you have
to play everything that ever comes out
play every game and watch every movie
and every TV show every single episode
because even if the first 34 episodes if
a TV show are bad maybe it gets good how
do you know until you watch it you're
absolutely right
come on pull dicks bullet dick ghost
dick ghost dick suck it boom so I was
thinking about Batman vs Superman Batman
vs Superman and and Batman vs Superman
hype in the house and jerk ass Superman
and jerk ass suit right yeah I'm trying
to be fair okay he saves some people he
really does he does yeah they have a
montage there's a montage well there's
the space capsule
yeah which presumably there are people
and so he saves people in the space
capsule yep
he's dragging a boat or what's the deal
with that the boat he's got like a boat
for the anchor oh yeah I think they're
like stuck in the ice and the Arctic or
something yeah yeah I saved them he
saves the little Mexican girl and this
it's not clear if he's actually saving
somebody there's people and like a roof
during a flood with a Superman s in the
rise and then he's hovering menacingly
above them but they're like reaching out
and they like to help and then he does
leave the party to save the fire girl
yeah so this is this technically is a
Superman who saves people why doesn't it
work why do we watch this movie and
there are a few instances of him
reaching out and why does it fall
completely fact flat where you can watch
the movie and and think he's a jerk ask
who doesn't save anybody because that's
not what Zack Snyder focuses on and so
exact center focuses on Superman's
torment and the overall tone of the
movie is glum and so even though
Superman does all of these things
they're all in like slow motion with
like almost demonic music playing behind
them right yeah and so that's not the
focus and so like in a in a better
Superman movie Superman would just the
way Superman carried himself would be
that of a hero oh good right I just
wanted to go back there for the sake of
fairness absolutely
absolutely tone-tone is really important
in your movie you know what kind of
movie you want to make
okay um folks yeah bouncing erm mustard
lover says if you played any games like
that like certain bad movies where where
they're so bad they're good if not you
think I so bad it's good game is even
possible yeah because the time
investment I don't know like a movie you
always know is gonna be over in a couple
huh
I've never played big rigs off the road
racing but that looks amusingly bad so
that's something I've gone out of my way
to do though right play bad games like
bad rats is miserable experience it
wasn't it wasn't funny because it was
bad it was just a miserable experience
HAP's 78 says is jaws the greatest
Spielberg film of all time while it is
what are your thoughts enough sorry it's
fine what are your thoughts on his next
greatest Close Encounters of the Third
Kind all of these classic films aren't
cherished enough these days you know
what no one taught everyone talks about
jaws so so get off that I whores jaws is
referenced more than any other modern
classic Raiders huh I gotta get spill
very Raiders great Raiders comes first
in my block yeah but that was like a
that was like a I don't give a shit okay
so Jones gets all the respects close
encounters really needs to get more
respect close encounters is brilliant
what about movies he produced were it
was kind of obvious he had a strong hand
in it example like like poltergeist oh
yeah we're supposedly in large parts of
that movie he ghost directed or gremlins
really I ain't produced it I don't know
gremlins is very Spielberg in yeah yeah
it feels like a Spielberg movie yeah
yeah yeah
okay okay my name is Tate says so what
time I was first close encounters it's
fine it's not my favorite Spielberg
movie I think think it's my second
favorite that's a good movie okay
my name is tape says so what time did
you guys say you're streaming on
Saturday we did not say that no we're
not streaming we don't know when we're
making doing a makeups for definitely
movie Saturday maybe Friday night yep
quite possibly Friday night we're gonna
shoot something Friday oh yeah that
makes sense okay I guess it depends on
how late we go Friday oh you said you
weren't free told oh yeah so not Friday
that's right
so maybe Monday maybe Monday every
Monday okay well there be a tweet it'll
be a tweet me it's rough playing Monday
this would be great even though it's not
gonna happen might happen do you guys
watch did you do you guys watch better
call Saul can you add co-op Raymond to
the list of games don't need the Wii U
version
co-op what co-op Raymond Oh Raymond
Raymond's what I've never played right
yeah the Raymond bond the wee ones is
that um are you talking about Rayman
Origins
Rayman Origins is a great platformer
really fun game they had a the head of
this thing
the trash can enrich okay oh it's like a
flak cannon basically head-wound our
mrs. Jack what Ridge what if you had
your druthers what would you guys want
to write and/or direct a movie about
your life anyone living or dead also the
movie can be based on true events for
shits I don't know what a movie needs to
be made about my life it's not that
interesting they just kind of pathetic
yeah yeah very sad story maybe Warner
Hertzog just to give it a death yeah
Werner Herzog Jack you know yeah all I
would want it to be is a movie that I
would watch so give it to give it to
Charlie Kaufman yeah and just let him go
nuts with it let him know let him do an
adaptation let him let him go nuts with
it yonder yonder says I have the perfect
potential it's so bad it's good game for
you it takes under an hour I spent two
whole minutes trying to find out how to
send you guys Steam games but gave up
because I'm lazy so previously recorded
under score life what's the email
address it's at it's the email that you
send us games to is prereq at red letter
media calm its Frank got updated oh yeah
yeah it's prereq red letter media prereq
at red letter media calm yeah all right
send us the games there if you so choose
none of this your Steam games will get
you can get to us that way yeah yeah boy
who garbage okay so here's the thing
about the garbage gun right yeah the
garbage gun is more powerful the more
junk you have on you and how to get junk
you
chests oh oh it didn't give me junk
finally gave me ample nice to be you
oh yeah here I was here I thought I was
gonna be so clever like oh I got this
game I'm I'm on video game yeah if you
have the email address you don't need to
be our steam friends that's right you
can just email it to us and we will
accept it and take it pre-record red
letter media dot-com yep yep boy ye yeah
I want to try this game again huh Cantus
I got three out of four you only get
four shots you got to be a hundred
percent it's not good enough what do I
get it's not good you blow it up can I
blow this one up you try trash I got the
junk that could have been a cool gun but
I got they do heard about a really cool
junk but I got a junk gun rich how am I
not gonna use my junk gun how much ammo
does the junk on get it only gets 50 so
it has to be powerful yeah
taking the chest huh should've taken the
chest you like but now I have one junk
rich so it's gonna be even more powerful
look at this thing it's gotta be a
powerful gun it's gotta be it's gonna be
fine
oh my god
which it's gonna be fine this is how I'm
playing the game
what's your gifted games - played games
ratio Oh God we have I mean both of our
steam accounts are yeah yeah our nuts we
are we are definitely more likely to
play a game if we have it I never gotten
a lot I'm appreciative but there's just
no time
is it doesn't seem worth it at all I've
only shot like three times
you know what I just need more junk race
oh and you missed with it oh my god
no Breen says hey guys thanks for
streaming I really appreciate it
here are some beer money also I look
forward to ultimate chicken horse that's
true wee-wee that's on the that's on the
list but for only a thousand dollars
I'll play through the rest of the last
of us instead yeah no one seems to be
biting on that one
weird yeah not my best outing not my
best to hovering at all no no oh yeah
it's your Scheels huh oh you have a
Nintendo zapper yeah it's pretty cool
for the light gun the duct gun spinning
twirling twirling twirling totes flaming
the flame in the flood looks good that
looked interesting if we give you $1000
will you give us your social security
number if I give you my social security
number you'll you'll take $1,000 in like
credit applications
oh so it's the problem I don't
understand the premise you know that is
rent which win/win that's a win-win
right there purple sludge boy says rich
every watch the TNG two-parter
birthright I kept thinking about your
views on culture what are your thoughts
on Wharf ruining that peaceful peaceful
society which should he Klingon
tradition yeah Klingon tradition is
stupid it's really stupid fuck
ideologies you have to behave like a
good warrior
fuck you Worf
one of the Klingons ever done but nearly
destroy themselves
go get them duck
back
same with the Cardassian rich sure but
the question was about the Klingons what
I can't I can't talk about one stupid
fictional alien species about talking
about all of them
don't be specious you know I don't care
what you say Jack I'm just never gonna
like those damn boards those Barb's it
was stupid stupid neck parasite aliens
from that one episode of TNG first
season
yeah if so-called conspiracy
well then alien parasite would look like
somebody's head and then still be
sticking out of their neck oh yeah yeah
yeah those aliens that we're so exciting
they only showed up once yep yeah I got
to junk now rich I mean I'm gonna die
but I got to junk that's right we should
build a wall to keep the Borg's out
Varya r-77 says hey guys just expressing
my my appreciation for the entertainment
you give us and white-hot rage you
haven't played the baldur's gate that I
gifted you you hack frauds yep I can't
of course keep it up thank you for
giving thanks for the give it's a
appreciate it there's 70,000 games
who would make a better president a card
or Janeway the card would make a better
president but Janeway is the kind of
president we'd end up with it's sad
because it's true yeah it's sad because
it's true a hypocrite and a flip-flopper
it's true you know this about James
Janeway she's a flip-flopper oh oh it's
it's whatever suits her needs today
absolutely prime directive mother
flippin motherfucker yon Dioner says
instead of a wall you should build a
ward to keep the Borges in that's a
callback award for ward
oh yeah and you and J we're talking
about that I don't know much about it
the board ward is a is a local music
venue it's gone now he's gone okay it is
no longer a local she's lost from rushed
apparently actually washed washed from
DuckTales yeah so hey guys what are your
picks for the best single season and
television I've been rewatching the wire
and my vote is for its fourth season
well I always think about what is the
best particular season of any show on
television all the time and I have this
picked out ahead of time now I have no
idea of no idea no how do you compare
like like the best season of like like
Roseanne as compared to the best season
of TNG how do you compare something
ladies like season seven of Roseanne I
think they really nail those characters
but Budd season three of TNG all the
spaceships looks great I think you
picked the shitty C's numbers and so I
don't know what I think you picked a lot
of Reese's did it did you pick the
lottery season of Roseanne Roseanne even
go seven seasons yes I think it did Jack
that's how much I think you pick the
season without without fucking Dan not
John Goodman oh yeah yep it's gonna call
him by as a show named Dan but no no
that that's not right that's not right
at all not I'm so speaking of games do
you plan playing rocket league again any
time soon they're about to add
basketball damn fuck my LOL cock I
haven't played it lately driving I also
have not played it lately nothing
against Rockley Oh oops there's just too
many things can't go backwards always
looking forward always looking forward
we played that a lot on stream and
unless you're playing with us I'm not
sure how entertaining it is to watch
yeah we don't talk much while we're
playing rocket slaying rocket League
rocket rocket league requires an immense
amount of concentration nope I took a
gamble it didn't pass I had no idea you
enjoyed Roseanne you have a favorite
episode or aren't not off the top of my
head is about long it's been a damn long
time since I've seen those in but I
watch it a lot when it was when I was
airing nude
no I don't I don't think I've seen it in
reruns I don't think I've seen it the
sense it was new but it was new I
watched it all the time nonetheless
cannot the last few two or three seasons
then yeah I got weird Roseanne Roseanne
got too famous to be funny anymore
once the once the the stink of Tom
Arnold got on that show Tom Arnold steak
can't wash that off cannot wash that off
how many shows is that man murdered rich
how old are you I'm very old
he watched Roseanne when it was on TV
originally oh man
what do I think of her goal I don't he's
a he's a stock nerd stereotype and I
find him offensive as a nerd I find
highly offensive it was a different time
you know right the stock nerd like the
stock jock or the stock cheerleader
they're just so fucking lazy yep I agree
I mean I agree should not have button
then I regret my purchase immediately
Thanks nice I regret my purchase of the
of the half-heart because you can always
there's always a possibility of picking
up items in room and I had plenty of
hearts just to kind of fart around for a
little bit I've already lost it so I
guess I needed it but boomerang usually
comes back boomerangs predate gun
technology but can still be useful in a
pinch Jack any advice for someone whose
legs are feeling a little cramped up oh
my god I didn't put on my timer it has
been an hour and a half people stand the
fuck up shit jib jib um Jesus I'll be
back in a second this is exactly the
problem with the gungeon this is how you
know it's a good game I wasn't even
thinking about standing up
oh boy
thank you so many so many lives were
just saved you're absolutely right
somewhere we just we just helped we just
helped millions of people millions of
people were just helped all right the
new timer has started leftover beefcake
needs to build in a stand up timer into
the Twatter now absolutely no or I can
just remember to set my own damn timer
because oh yeah yeah okay
all right usually comes back all right I
have my boomerang
I need a new gun here's what I need you
got the stock pistol here
no no I did not I started playing it to
the cunzhen again rich I kind of love
this game I can tell it I'm not
surprised I can't imagine anybody is
surprised that I love this game
anonymous cells have what have you ever
ripped a nasty fart during a stream and
you guys act like nothing happened
shockingly actually shockingly this has
never happened not just during sure
neither during extreme or best of the
worst have any of us ever ripped the
nasty part because we're courteous would
recur Deus to each other play a fart
noises during the best of the worst
sometimes Oh should we're little farting
very little farting if it did happen
rich I would I would probably try to
pretend it didn't happen
yeah Plus no the only same thing to do
that's the polite thing good lessons
comically loud right
that'd be like the question like that
would be going through my head is like
did they hear that is if they heard it
you have to say yeah you have to
everyone be saved is a part which one of
them do you think farted it'd be like
the other thing it'd be like a fun game
you could play who farted I don't say
I'm drinking this this my Jones birthday
yeah birthday cake soda I really like
this stuff yeah
so what else sent in that pirates booty
snacks yeah you don't see me eating
those I don't want to eat in here yeah I
like those too
that was very nice for somebody I they
wanted to send you some nut free snack
and it's a nut free snack option I enjoy
and I think that's so kind of listen
this this birthday cake sodas just the
best I only got like like four of these
level saver and I just gotta save room
that's the thing every I haven't taken
any of these home these rena wall beers
that someone just because it's like oh
it's a nice treat for when i get into
the studio then there's that
what's the blue ones not bad of the SoDo
I forgot what a flavor was huh
anyone remember what level is pretty
good not that big on the melon I'm not a
melon guys mmm was an orange one there's
a melon one orange in soda not the
flavor orange is the color it's it's
never done good things no matter what
flavor it is I don't think I've ever had
orange colored soda that I've enjoyed
regular shotgun
Curnutt man so Mike and Jay really drank
all those beer bottles on half of the
bag
do you guys recycle pin and street you
grew up on I won't answer those last two
but the the beer bottles are beers they
have drinkin and they've just
accumulated over time this be more and
then we cleaned out a lot of them at
some point there was this there was a
comically large amount of beer bottles
yeah I'm the best of the worst set but
then I have the MaxEnt those are all
beers that they have actually drunk on
set like they didn't bring those from
home
perhaps M&E; it says a long time it gave
me nightmares witnessing an injustice
like that it was a constant reminder of
how cool this world can be I can still
hear them laugh taunting him silly
rabbit tricks are for kids right right
yes yes work beers
work beers but y'all you'll always be
happy if if you turn something you love
into work and you can go oh yeah you
want a co-op yeah I just wanted like
just rest my fingers for a little bit
but I do find like I need to force
myself to stop playing after a while or
else I just will keep playing this game
I've got an issue I've gotten that out
I've gotten that a chance game with you
like several times and I've never gotten
it on my game yet that's something I've
never got this on my game and I've
gotten it twice I've never gotten it
yeah weird recruit more pimps for you
says I want to double down yesterday
that's truly a one-of-a-kind experience
I give it all the medals any other
recommendations for best of the worst
type films PS scene 10 Cloverfield Lane
yet buts well for our opinion another
best the worst films you could just
watch other and you'll know how we felt
about you know like there's a that's a
large catalog write it so let's uh let's
just go through what are something like
just off the top of your head that you I
mean Oh what was the elf elves
Oh elves was great was the robot one
wrote our oh god I hated roads or is a
special kind of hatred I hated that I
didn't enjoy watching
I hate watch the EVAs Miami connection
Oh
Deadly Prey Deadly Prey you need
absolutely Miami connection any any one
cab ocinski film anyone Kevin anyone any
any one film I keep seeing him I follow
him on Twitter and he keeps like posting
like almost ready for for the new movie
angel of reckoning and bla bla no it's
almost ready to be done it's like
obviously samurai cop samurai cop
samurai cop samurai cop yep I think
that's that's the go-to one where I'm
like if I have friends who are like hey
we're having a bad movie night what do
you recommend it's like samurai cop
that's that's that's the that's like the
it's just bad enough where people get it
but it's still coherent enough where you
can actually watch it you know somewhere
in the chest bringing up low blow blow
blow low blows good we got to watch the
sequel we ever track in town I know we
found out they made one oh that's right
no isn't it like an unofficial sequel
I'm not sure supposedly it's that guy
playing that character in a different
movie yep what was his name and then was
the one with that Oh blood that's blood
dad's beautiful movie beautiful movie
blood that's blood walk blood Locke is
part of those that rare breed of movie
that we watch or that we started to
watch it before best of the world yes
and you know just when we would get
together and watch bad movies so blood
lock definitely holds a special place in
my heart the chart of the jar is not
really super entertaining bad the charge
is bad bad
yeah the jar is not enjoyable bad we're
talking about movies that you you're
having fun bad movies you're having fun
while you're watching the Miami
connection Miami connection is
definitely bad you know they're they're
singing their playing Taekwondo they're
playing Taekwondo which is a real
no my yeah Miami connection that's the
one Wow
dick game your games sometimes you're
just not very nice chats mentioning
things oh I hate things hate things
really loves things things is another
one of those everyone else at rlm loves
for me it's another road tour oh god
it's like rotor I can understand but
things is incomprehensibly yeah yep
it's it's it's things in comprehensible
throughout yeah everything about things
is incomprehensible which is why like
Jay loves it because Jay is a nihilist
Jay just wants the world to burn and and
he thinks that if he if he makes things
popular the world will eat itself and
nice nice nice but you know watch
yourself in Miami connections you having
that you're having a bad movie night and
once you get in Miami connection and
samurai cop you'll be there the belle of
the ball
yep Anonymous's what's the story with
Jessie she's fine
telegin says rich can you read this
quote by Joseph Stalin goodbye Joseph
this is I'm assuming they're supposed to
be a space there goodbye my love and
with your death dies my last warm
feelings for Humanity I read it I was
waiting for there to be more but no just
that that's fine
goodbye love
this is why this is like Joseph Stalin
impression goodbye my love and with you
the last bits of my humanity
I have Joseph Stalin black I'm the great
leader of Russia was he the real leader
of Russia this is where I it's
embarrassing I don't know Joseph stoner
of Russia I like that I think we should
guy guy bust action in the chat epic
Jason X 9000 yes is asking us if we ever
played the canceled sequels Star Fox 2 I
got cancelled but I think the ROM bleeds
I have I'm curious to play it I mean I
mean I doubt it's gonna be better than
Star Fox 64 right because what it was
weird they worked on a Star Fox evil and
this popular Star Fox was it never got
released I don't know if a lot of the
concept 10 ended up in Star Fox 64 which
would be my assumption but I've heard
about it never actually played it
anonymous says how much this dream dance
dance revelution unit that's jack is I
will never play that on stream I have no
rhythm I can't dance and I don't like
the game and you know that's a tough one
because like you know we could stream it
but we wouldn't be able to
cut it up for YouTube videos later
because all the music I'm sure is copy
written if I get that $1,000 to stream
Star Fox 2 I'm just gonna make it a solo
stream and I'm gonna have the cam on me
and it's just gonna be like this
Otis dream last of us uh-huh like 10 or
20 hours and you just make sure not to
talk well I don't feel like it I'll just
make my face really big in the screen
nice nice rich get that hearts cuz my
heart will never hurt never hurts to
have heart you can play necrodancer on a
DDR pad I could but I wouldn't want to
and it's moving if I want to move around
I do chores so you play stardew valley
sick burn I felt pretty good about that
hold of your Bureau oh my got me a clink
for that
Oh Ritchie's gonna call that was does
good job good job I deserve that
I totally deserve that
it's a rumor about new tarts Star Trek
series suppose that's going to be a
seasonal anthology with the first season
being sit between undiscovered country
and T&G; well it's seasonal and followed
you mean every season it's gonna be a
different thing
Oh different characters different ship
or something I don't know about that I'm
okay with that that good because that
means they have to have an ending plan
yeah I don't know I won't I like
seasonal arcs I'd like them to have an
idea of where the series is going lardy
access looks like someone literally took
my advice of making a version of binding
of issac that isn't full of poop and
blood ah yeah oh shit run press the
wrong button I saw that but you lived I
lived but that was a sucky live yeah
it's basically binding of issac but
replace all the poop with guns
everything's guns who is a void shotgun
no I did not bother to find all of the
Riddler stuff in Arkham Knight I think I
just watch the cutscene on the youtubes
yeah you can't find it all that says too
much hey those games went nuts with the
Riddler shit right way too much to be
enjoyable but I hate I hate tedious
collective bobs and games and I'm glad
it's a trend that's more or less falling
away yeah yeah you don't see it you
don't see it around too much click the
1000 glowy pubs no put that fuck you in
your glory puffs
nothing worse than running all over
looking for like last two or three
things nothing worse in a game
mmm-hmm except what I think of something
worse but it's pretty pad the only thing
worse is is like is when you add the the
the Super Metroid element to it and then
it's like well now you have to go back
to that oh yeah yeah I have to go back
to that whatever cuz you can get into
this one tiny space to get all the
collectables oh it's super obnoxious so
you have to go through the whole game I
call that replay value motherfucker no
oh hell no what are you Oh a snowball er
I've had this one before
may contain rocks the snowball er will
put out fires in the fireplace but I
need to remember I need two keys to get
down that great
liam
uppppp
encephalo pathetic was laid in the
stream Oh No blaming time-warner he he
missed your beating the game
this is your second go-round yep doing
great yeah fucking awesome run that
first you missed you missed some and and
we talked about Star Wars for an hour
and a half and we tend then man you
didn't miss a beat and then after we
talked about Star Wars we talked about
the next plinky review mode it was gonna
be all about it was a heck of a time you
missed
fuck you
I love the shotgun and I never I never
want to die because I love the shotgun
so my fuck gonna die gonna thank gonna
day good night
this is one of the characters start with
the shotgun there's just that shotgun
this is the void shotgun and it's great
it's used it shoots tiny purple things
and they kill everything they touch the
void shotgun we need some hearts up in
here Oh a nice bomb can I afford you
have a heart half a fucking heart
skunky island podcast is making the
rounds now how do they come on they just
contact you ladies contacted me that was
an issue why not I've said this before I
will talk to anybody
everybody's gonna be making a fake
podcast just so they can talk to us
that's fine that's what's gonna happen I
you know what I'm over 500 requests
tomorrow I'm absolutely okay with that I
haven't I'm doing a podcast coming up
rich Evans is invited to a podcast I'm
gonna tell you about it later
how did it turn out was it entertaining
to listen to that's all that's the only
home
Neal Breen is the best says rich check
yes my computer is piece of shit portal
is near its limits any recommendations
of good low strain games and before you
say it rich I already have FTL also Jack
nice shirt that is a great shirt I think
oh oh it's oh fuck as far as good games
that probably aren't resource intensive
though this would probably does not I
can play this really smoothly on my very
old on my very old Mac yep so I can only
imagine that enter the gungeon
I'm liking the hyper light drifter yep
sorry Valley started values very is very
light risk of rain very light risk of
rain chugs I don't think risk of rain is
optimized that's true
remember that checked on your old
computer that's true I don't say I'm
used to my new computer it's hard for me
to say what's what's not intensive risk
of rain chugs I just figure I'm safe
with everything 2d but you're right risk
of rain would chug it's not optimized
papers please
Oh spelunky would run like butter
spelunky is right up in there like I
don't want to recommend 3d things cuz I
don't know sounds of critters piece of
crap and I'm not sure if I can name one
that would run or not right
alright so we're switching off we're
switching off okay police quest I'm sure
would run very smoothly on your PC you
know you can find it I mean obviously
like if you buy through Steam they have
all of the recommended settings or you
know minimal settings you need so check
those out but and also check out the
message boards oh yeah good call to
change everything
you know the they'll usually or just
google it you know crappy pc can i run
this game and I'm sure there's a message
board dedicated to that very game you
could play minesweeper play all the
minesweeper that you want
see how that works
rich never created a list there was a
list sir Blindy of love all the pieces
and you know Oh things we don't know no
the the your your parts Oh
tweeted or something yeah yeah we we had
that floating around because people were
asking a lot during because we live
streamed you building your computer I
think I mentioned everything we used and
during that stream yeah just watch the
stream and figure it out and every well
and know someone one of the mods created
a list I want to save but obviously mods
don't if you don't have that that's not
a big deal it sits in that stream check
that stream then I don't remember it was
during that stream or after that stream
where I splurged on the solid-state
drive that's right but I had that one we
made the story you did not have that oh
god that was that was actually a big
question during the stream is whether or
not you would go to the solid state or
not okay how do you feel about it I was
good can I hear there we go
what was that the question was about the
the list of riches computer parts at one
point we had a list of all the pieces
inside Rich's computer someone is asking
for building their own computer whose
pretty is a reasonable a reasonable
build a reasonable price bill and I
think having never built a computer I
think there's a reasonable price bill
refer I got it around Black Friday so
everything was like on sale yeah
nice miser ah dumbass you know the south
salads it is nice works works really
great for for boot ups especially if you
have a lot of programs I know it's fine
I'm not feeling it you're not feeling it
just just we roll we roll those dice
I remember stop eating my sesame cake I
remember that was a way I wasted so much
time during high school was playing Sim
City and this Sim City is literally my
only experience with any of the Sims
games I've never played any of the
people Sims games I don't know if it's
college humor or just some YouTube video
I saw but there's a funny somebody
running for mayor of some City mm-hmm
video okay I'm just checking on and I
described it for them I think I would
spoil it okay it's like a campaign ad
for mayor of Sim City I've never played
any of the Sims games like straight
we're gonna like it like with the
people's how all the Sims the sims
caring love that shit really she was she
was no she loved like drowning people on
what not a woman gay
she loved like putting people in a room
and then like deleting the door
horrifying Ida shirt is this how you
good yeah I know that's still a thing
that people enjoy doing is like waiting
till their sins go in the pool and then
deleting oh she did that was really
drown horrifying never had any never had
much interest in them games
it's the best murder simulator could be
bred lives on yes we're gonna do a we're
gonna do a first four hours of Dark
Souls and I'm looking forward to playing
it someone someone was messaging me
earlier today saying that apparently in
Dark Souls 3 the the lesson was nobody
seemed to like Dark Souls 2 but everyone
liked blood-borne so let's make Dark
Souls 3 more like blood-borne I'm fine
with it so I'm absolutely fine with that
it'll be interesting I'm looking forward
to getting get my hands on it I'm gonna
sneeze also gesundheit
pardon me
Kiwi is better than me we usually
usually written eyes opinions on the
point and clicks is we don't much care
for him I'm sure there's some good ones
but uh rich has always preferred the
text adventures and having played very
few of them I also prefer the text
adventures because there are a lot of
fun you know I have very little I get to
hold to to use items is nice I mean how
do you switch him of the up d on the
d-pad so I have very little experience
in the point and clicks the little
experience I do have has been mostly
negative is what I will say
I prefer thinking outside of the box and
I think text and parser games do that
better make you make you think outside
the box I supposed to think of what you
can click on yeah what's an interactive
litem yep yeah even the text adventure
games I have issues with because the
logic some sometimes the puzzle the
logic has to be so specific they have to
be written right yeah and but that could
lead to a lot of solving the puzzle
without the correct clues yes no and and
that's frustrating
like I like grim fandago but that was
that was an exception not the rule
I know everyone talks very highly about
the Sam & Max series and actually I was
gifted the salmon Mac series a while
back and I know everyone really likes
them so if if we ever do decide to give
point clicks another try I think I would
want us to to start there just because I
wasted my key on crap crap I'm not going
to use
see this is this is the great thing
about you chat we have one person saying
oh say what max is interesting you can't
tell what we clicked on and there's ton
of hilarious dialogues to people down no
salmon max games are shit see what I'm
saying I have them in I've heard good
things
hey Bill bill lack you can't afford that
I'm not even gonna come close so well
you you're good you can just don't buy
anything else don't buy enough shit no
shit you might be you might come close
I've had a couple runs where I've only
got 18 look at oh oh it's not gonna
happen I'm not gonna happen
I've had some runs where after the first
floor I've had over $100 it's not gonna
have this time no not gonna have
