Episode 119
Stabbin Some Tree Balls (Dark Souls 3)
June 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBB69JSmQaA
___________________________________________

it's actually the same bleep up it's
insanely loud right it rowdy roddy
mcdowall
who's riding
you mean rowdy rowdy
okay I by the way I assumed Piper was
his stage name and McDowell was his last
minute that's what I assumed
okay great
oh yeah I know the professor magma
chocolate
what
Ritchie didn't turn the microphone
I didn't touch that bugger hey Riggs now
your microphone is on ok game is too
long
look at this Jack the game's sound is
too low turn it up
ok I've turned the game audio down hold
on I will turn it is it looks like it's
very loud the game audio and I have no
idea why I just reconfigured the game
audio there we go now everything should
be fine everything should be great all
the time let's just okay a mixer is
great everything's great
yeah ok now it's perfect great okay so
rout rough what about roddy mcdowall the
professor from shack Marcus I'm just
saying has he ever been bad you know a
thing he's been in I mean they've all
been kind of bad but the way he plays it
is very well he's so entertaining
he is very entertaining I agree with
that I like him I like him as a
character actor you are correct
you are correct rich what what about him
being a rod rowdy roddy mcdowall
is one heck of an actor not so rough not
so rowdy roddy mcdowall house between
them would be interesting right Roddy
Piper and Ryder yeah yeah like I said I
just assumed that was his real last name
why he's gonna save root things you but
the very polite will spoken header is he
British - I probably writing it down I
assume this is very problem a very
problem no I guess I just assumed that
like because I know you're a wrestling
fan and especially like an older
I know you're an old school wrestling
yeah old school I assumed that you knew
Rowdy Roddy Piper's realized name as
McDowell oh oh and so and then you're
like oh and and you being an old school
wrestling fan and the chat is like
everyone knows that his last name is his
real last name is McDowell and so I was
like okay writing a paper I'm with you
rowdy roddy mcdowall so what's what's
going on those three Dark Souls 3 you
know I played all a stream and so you
know a rich know if you want give you
the opportunity to play always know we
start a fresh game winner yeah it's up
to you so you can either I mean the
night you're playing us a mage I'm
playing as a mage tape I don't want to
continue what's what's the what's the
chat want we could you could keep up our
night run you want you want to continue
the night run or do you all see this
from scratch what's going on and oh they
want us to use our shield did you I
don't know if you're ready I read the
comments and maybe people don't
understand that but once a comment has
been made yeah 89 times we've we've
probably read it I see some new games I
see I see more continues okay not but
don't hit continue yeah hit load game
and we need guy manly that's Zorba is
that your guy knows or watches my mage I
like him because he is the turtle shell
on his back and he has a mace
I haven't quite figured out spells oh
God
you need to use your spell thing and
using the spells is actually a little
difficult so I don't quite under that's
right my big ass oh yeah go back into
our inventory get rid of that sort you
for at the back cameras won't want to do
or batch is a badass I'll tell you what
I made him bald I gave him a huge ass
scar over his eye discolored one of his
eyes keep wanting to hit
that button what is it button in
blood-borne the square button I don't
know why does my finger keep going there
I don't know
so yeah I like Zoar batch he's it's been
difficult though like you know he's not
as strong as the knight but I've been
having a good time right rest at the
bonfire
of course I made him bowl I wanted them
to be Me's or batch the magician the
magician me where are we going well
first to change up your equipment to
something you like your Dagon that's
kind of where we are here the lab
potatoes wherever oh you know where we
are rich you got to get back into it but
you got to fight tree nuts some but we
have to do next don't does well that's
where we are I think there's other stuff
to do I'll take a few whacks at tree
nuts yeah too many McDowell's too many
McDowell's
are we excited about Captain America
Civil War yeah I am I am I don't get
excited about anything anymore doesn't
mean I won't like it when it comes out
but I'm looking forward to it I got too
much shit I need to do already I still
want to finish watching daredevil oh
yeah you did finish watching all of
Bojack horseman okay that's fun Cheryl
well it's not always a fun show it can
be amazingly bleak for animating show
about a horse man and I kind of love it
rich hates Captain America confirmed you
right yes that's confirmed by hate
Captain America for security yeah
absolutely
oh yeah I remember that fucker still I'd
suppose I don't remember that well
that's the way by paestum you just run
they're something I have to do what I
mean to get to those are another way to
get to the treatment is there a better
way what's the one thing do you I was
kidding no this is last night wait maybe
he's only attacking other people I think
this is the best way yeah I think
there's fewer enemies over here and if
you take the other way you have to run
into a big fat lady and she's difficult
thanks bro
you wrote it you brought it you wrote it
um let's see here
oh so first of all arnold rimmer says
i'm just gonna get these out of the way
for everyone now play FTL where's Jay
apologize in advanced for anything that
said later and booze and stuff has kind
of happened okay okay so yeah we're
sorry for anything we're about to say
we're definitely gonna play FTL Jay is
not here and and I am going to pour
myself a beer in just a little bit we're
definitely going to play FTL huh no no
we are not definitely gonna play FTL
stay stuck souls that is the Jesus that
was if you want to go level up you kid
what was it what did you put levels
under I have a lot of levels into
strength just because that's a general
also as you can see I've upped our
stamina for more roles which I always
think is an important thing to do also
just this guy you know says I have been
having persistent mice issues in my
apartment did a bunch of proofing and
just laid out a bunch of traps Jack as
someone who grew up on a farm can I come
and live with you
not if you're bringing mice into the
house I don't know what you've been
doing but but no no you cannot come and
live with me
you don't just walk up to the trees and
take their bird what no we have the
birch branch that we can someone told us
to hang on to so we're going to get some
cats get some traps and here's here's
the thing about mice i've had mice
before is once you catch a mouse put out
more traps because there are probably
more mice cut off food sources cut off
food sources make sure that all of your
your food container you know like
Tupperware get some Tupperware
containers not just bags cuz they can
dig through that get some nice
Tupperware clean or really thoroughly
get rid of any of the smells and that'll
confuse them and you know what I like to
do with my mousetraps I I prefer peanut
butter okay if you slather peanut butter
on the little trigger the mouse has to
like wants to like kind of dig and get
all the peanut butter out that works
really well also I attach a string to it
which ones carrying capacity if you go
up one it'll show you up one they like
you know press press up one and then
it'll touch see and then the blue one is
where it goes up so not the strength
maybe dexterity oh no endurance checkup
and loads of telly oh okay well then
there you go what's endurance to stand
on the stamina
oh okay well you know what that's
something yeah so in another case why
the string so you attacked you
sometimes mice are really good at
avoiding triggering mousetraps and so
what I've found is if I tie a little
string and dangle a little string off of
the end of the trigger and then slather
that with peanut butter it just gives
them more to kind of like dig around and
move around and it's it's more likely
that they will trigger the trap now
that's my feeling it seemed to work for
me in the past what's the magic what's
the sweet spot for equipment load ratios
said we cannot go over 70 or we get
encumbered and but once you unequipped
that Club by the way you're gonna have
so much because that Club is so so very
fucking heavy that's probably our best
weapon though right now by a wide margin
you think yeah by a wide margin no no
look this sword has 180 attack where I'm
looking at durability never I know right
Oh why we using the club enrollment
because I like big dumb clubs I thought
it was funny the wrong the Rob Roth
sword remember guys you fucked it up I'm
making it wrong well but I also leveled
it up so it's pretty powerful even
though it doesn't it no longer
I don't unequip on equip what's one
equip button X there is no I tried a
couple times I didn't do anything
you probably want to equip a shield as
well really you think I should quit the
shield I'm just I'm just putting that I
just wanted to make sure you were aware
that we did not currently have a shield
equipped cuz I wasn't a hundred percent
sure get gonna biscuit is giant though
unless the no biscuit is giant I used a
picture of me holding biscuit as our
we're not streaming picture on Sunday
and it showed just how giant he was cuz
it was him with me he's a giant we have
not had a mouse since he's been around
I don't know if he's eating them whole
but I don't know what the differences
are in any of this
what is a raw weapon ah sploit ation
there there are things you can like the
gems and blood-borne there are things
you can do to spice up your weapons and
I infused it with a raw gem which made
it stronger but then it no longer
leveled with our abilities well the
sword goes oh you put this shield in the
wrong hand
what oh well shield on the right now for
fuck's sake which apparently was a bad
thing to do because now it no longer
levels up with our strengths attributes
but it's still a pretty powerful sword
so let's see what they're doing
I now smell what they're cooking you got
it
but I also remember that the kite one
fuck Perry doesn't pay oh I guess you're
going up against the posse
this kid is likely eating smaller cats
in the area as well let's go that's
really possible really really possible
raw upgrade is good for beginning game
horrible at endgame well I can only
assume we're gonna get a better sword
for later on so unless you're wrong I'm
not sure this is the best sword in the
game might be cuz you fucked up I fucked
it up
you fucked up jack and I'm gonna have to
be okay with that
rich getting back into the swing I think
we burned the bone shard already - area
unless this is the new remove skeleton
alright why do I want to burn the bone
shard tell me about this tell me why I
need to do something don't just tell me
to do it I think they were I think we
went through this last time and I think
we did burn the bone shard
we are not online and man have I enjoyed
playing this game offline okay
I hate all of the dumb glowing things in
this game I'm not doing as good with
this as I was with the club well you
know takes a little bit it takes a
little bit did everyone see Matt Lee's
wonderful Dark Souls video that came out
today by the way he made a wonderful
video giving people people new to the
series giving them a little hint about
an item that all that'll really help in
the game if you find you have to equip
the coconut the game yeah yeah and
apparently that that makes the game a
lot easier because it kind of gives you
an overall buff I do not eat the coconut
you have to equip it and don't eat it
because you need it for later in the
game making pina coladas and whatnot but
I thought it was a very lovely video hey
I should stick with the club I liked the
guy you know me I like the big dumb club
any consensus in the chat
hold on
as someone who's never played Dark Souls
this reminds me of stardew valley maybe
plant some more parsnips anonymous is
has JC in the which yet some kind of
euphemism we all want Jay to finally see
the witch he just hasn't met the right
girl yet I don't know if Jay seen the
witch yeah
oh great machete oh that sounds exciting
everyone is saying blunt force bam bam
bam stick with the club club strength
weapons use club or use great machete if
one drops I don't understand how stats
work in these games because time isn't
pause doesn't better girl no time isn't
time doesn't pause but see what I don't
get
yeah if the club is stronger and
apparently it is attack power physical
this is 180 yeah that sounds pretty high
and this is only one 148 well I guess
there's an additional 58 what is it what
does that mean 148 plus 59 that's
probably from a bonus oh look oh yeah
cuz it's wrong that makes sense you know
what that makes sense that makes
absolute sense look at your saw oh
that's even more that is even more yeah
no I like unequip your shield unequip
everything else and I've just used this
oh yeah that thing that's pretty badass
weapon right there
not marching the way of combos none of
them have combos
I really missed the bloodline not much
the way of continuous strikes oh yeah
these are Oh try two handed also with
these things there you go there now you
swing a little faster and then you know
you don't have to worry about your
shield anyway right yeah there you go
there you go thanks everybody put two
handed warnings rich you look skinnier
good job on whatever you're doing and
Jack sure I'm sure I've gained the last
month okay car because a car and whether
I wasn't I wasn't taking the bike like
at all oh sure sure yeah I gotta get
back on that plane to get back why do I
bring up you see here every other time
I've come here in the last month bring a
busy with me for some reason or another
that is true that is true also Jack
you're at big dumb clubs are funny $2
it's a flood print stones your way
though the kingdom through the kingdom
of the dam thank you the riddle of Steel
Casey Banner live recently discovered on
what Conan referenced the riddle of
Steel oh okay the riddle of steel hey
see banner life says recently discovered
cotton boy thanks to your videos coming
from FTL I love it I got all the way to
the end but died to some hovercraft boss
I blame you for not preparing me I I
played a little more convoy after the
stream and it is a lot of fun
it gets old in a way that FTL doesn't in
multiple with multiple playthroughs
something about the combat just I don't
know but but overall I enjoyed it I also
have not beaten it but I enjoyed it
the curse rotted great wood
there is rich good old tree nuts time
tick time yeah
he's not going where he's too big I've
got a game called march of the living
very empty I'll take that out you like
FTL
much of the living
I think he just threw a body
260 damage everyone
at the rate I'm losing health it's not
good
you fuckin piece of shit was that close
I called again
March of Dimes Fido
right
March of the little
and discovering this right now whoa what
cut his balls off jack but oh my god you
cut his balls off did could you keep
hitting him are you you ran away I had
to drink health and I got people trying
to kill me Jack that's fine
oh shit what happened the floor just
collapsed whoa oh look at that
are you gonna fight that by running away
hope
all right I added it to my to my steam
watch list so I will I will check out
march of the living later thank you for
the for the heads-up more balls to cut
great that's great yeah I'd like to I
like the count there's there's a lot to
like about convoy just fine
like the setting you know that's fine
after a while once you got multiple cars
it was kind of fun how you couldn't you
know you have to position the cars that
do different things I do this I do miss
the gun stagger oh yeah from blood-borne
yeah it's it's the gun stagger and the
way that you could combo weapons I I
miss my ludwig's great sword but it like
just the combat seems lesser it seems a
lesser than blood-borne
dude could just be getting used to the
subtle differences yeah that's true
just wish I had more help file help
files yes oh yeah then you're right they
did get they got a little nuts with the
references in convoy you know you need
to you need to obtain the flux capacitor
and the bad man see this isn't gonna
work this isn't gonna work what you use
one flask
no I'm gonna use no flask before the
boss well you could is that's insane you
could try the other round sane you try
the other out and see if you can run
past everyone else you know I don't even
know what the other route is Jack if you
weren't playing not me there's a there's
a bridge to your left here hmm and
that's the other rock we did we already
used our Estes shards to gain another
flask and we got rid of our blue flask
to gain another Estes flex head down
there there's some mice oh that giant
rat thing you don't see the giant I
killed the giant one and he doesn't come
back oh no or he does or he does he has
never come back for me so he this is
just for you rich
all rights behind it they don't like the
slow blunt weapons Jack I know that's
why I thought you should go with your
short it wasn't done enough damage true
that's why i like the snake well I
missed my lube gigs holy blade these are
the trick weapons of blood-borne you
could kind of have your cake and eat it
too you get you know like like what like
the hammer it's not slow stair a fast
stabby sword and then the big dumb
hammer right no you don't like it all
right now just run that way this way
that way just run cuz there's gonna be
people attacking you up those stairs oh
that's much nicer route okay that's much
nicer I was just scared of the lady the
big fat lady was there and I didn't like
her she scared me
like even need the accent blood-borne
that was big and heavy and slow yeah but
with the trick mode it also had a much
faster version yeah I like the tricks do
this I'm kind of stuck with just slow
and dumb mmm you just got to get into
the slow and dumb flow rich luke 72w
happy 4/20 you Nancy Reagan loving hacks
what's 4/20 today's 4/20 so what 4/20 is
is something that potheads used to say
that they like pot no one's sure why why
no no I'm sure and demand to know why no
one knows everyone's gonna give a
different answer some people are gonna
say that's like the police code for pot
and it's not some people are gonna say
like that this is the day that night pot
was criminalized
Benjamin Franklin wrote the Declaration
of pot dependence it was all it's all a
bunch of hooey I humbly request Josh on
stream for wwe2k16 in 2016 you you get a
hold of them
you get all Josh is always welcome on
our stream of here's nobody won't nobody
likes us is what you need to learn only
Josh and Jay they won't ask again
josh has a job so he probably won't come
Wednesday nights
and Sunday nights is usually some sort
of wrestling event that Josh watches oh
that that is incredibly painful looking
oh you piece of shit
also do you keep using the heavy
attackers that your life at they look
the same they basically look the same
okay
yes and just find more nuts to slice
you can call her
president
oh yeah look there's like a little nuts
all over his arms and everything feels
great that's you you tell me how to get
to him okay well yeah you got the right
idea going back to the crunch always go
back to the garage
Oh
yeah yeah yeah
find more nuts to slice that's right
these streams are missing some pro
wrestling talk how about that that John
Cena is people seem to like he's or
dislike him is he still a thing
I just don't know wasn't he just lame
Hulk Hogan he was just kind of generic
did he have did he have any gimmick
besides the lame version of Hulk Hogan
well he's like the good guy right or is
he a bad guy I forget I actually don't
know anything about professional
wrestling uh hi jack hi Tim since you're
a fan of detective novels and disliked
old movies have you seen any of the Thin
Man movies and or read any of the books
and if so what do you think of them
part of them never seen him I've never
even heard of him um a couple of solve
mysteries and then he's a former
detective and she's some kind of wealthy
Harris okay I could get into that
they're a husband-and-wife detective
team I could get right into that The
Thin Man series and that's my list of
things to read there's movies it might
be a boxer or and already any of the
books oh okay I don't like older movies
usually and so I'll go for the books
you know I am reading a wonderful book
right now
I'm reading the book called spelunky and
it's all about the creation of spelunky
written by the guy who made spelunky and
it is such a fun read so far at this
point of the book like I'm still very
early on all he's going through for some
reason he has perfectly detailed all of
the steps that his brain took to make
spelunky a thing like from Indiana Jones
to net so much my souls am i doing what
they call the fat roll uh you shouldn't
be it's the only weapon I have equipped
unless it's just that fucking big oh you
are doing the fact is that big it is
that big wow I guess you could go back
to the club okay now you're at 64% okay
so now you should roll faster this one's
faster too you know what I'm happy with
that
okay uh if your two-handed I think it
looks really dumb bugs it's just a
stupid looking club if you two-handed I
think you'll swing even faster and I
hate myself for it using this yeah I'm
swinging about the same speed okay
oh wait I'm going wrong way too okay
yeah but if he sheds armor and he's just
gonna die quicker when he gets hit I
love the club I prefer something with a
faster swing speed anyway yeah these are
great
wait a minute you can switch weapons but
still carry it in your inventory and
you're faster yep but it's not equipped
oh oh he followed you still man he
followed you I love it when they follow
you
Clark it's not bad I wish you're a
stupid club look at it Oh giant dump
just a giant hunk feel like an idiot it
makes me feel like I'm in some put a
caveman cartoon yep I love it that dog
it's humping the ground it's do it
that's actually really good enemy AI
that's exactly what a dog would do well
I'm not going there
I hope fell short okay well why don't
you um why don't you use a health
violence II and kill these enemies and
see if you get one back sometimes you
get one back good evening or Iman Jack
have you seen big hero six
what are some other kids movies that you
think are good to watch I have seen big
heroes hero six and I like big hero six
I think that's fun it's not it's not
like the greatest Disney and Pixar movie
it's a little light but it's pretty good
pretty good I mean right like you can
just go with any Pixar movie and you'll
probably be okay you will probably be
okay I've heard I've heard some decent
things about the jungle book I have not
seen that yet but right now I am going
through doesn't look particularly
interesting with me I have no fondness
for like the stories the jungle book the
old cartoon no fondness for the old
cartoon yeah okay I don't think migui
Mowgli is particularly interesting I
remember liking the old cartoon I don't
remember it that much you know but I I
do always look for new movies to watch
with my kids and so you know we'll
probably see that one when it comes out
oh it is out the Iron Giant is a great
movie I agree any of the Pixar stuff The
Incredibles see how does he said stay
yeah I can just run past all these
bitches that's great well don't mind me
right now we've been on a on a studio
ghibli kick though since we went to go
see my neighborhood you sort of a bitch
since we want to go see my neighbor
totoro in the theater my boys have been
wanting to watch nothing but Studio
Ghibli films which is alright by me
so you know we just saw spirited away
the other night and princess Kiki's
Delivery Service Oh what the fuck oh
just looking right down that Club it's a
hollow Club rich it's surprising it does
so much damage
anonymous hey guys have you ever read
The Steve Alton em eg series of novels
about the prehistoric Megalodon escaping
from the depths of the marina trench a
movie version is finally being released
next year nope nope neither sorry
gobbledygook Jack have you heard of yes
I did hear about that Scoob SCO OB and
the hanna-barbera cinematic universe
what this is a real thing that we will
get into in just a second and you hyper
Game of Thrones this weekend
how about DC universe outline for the
ps4 it's for you you fucks
so first real quickly Game of Thrones
they did something last season and I
won't say it because of spoiler alerts
but they did something last season that
made me never want to watch the show
again so there's every likeable
character dead by this point many are
more importantly the last character
there was to root for yeah yeah right
and so so what's the point
so what's the point everyone else is an
asshole and I don't care about them in
the slightest
and they killed off the last hope I had
of like a hero a hero a character I care
about doing what's Rono dead and so I
don't care I know the new seasons coming
up HBO is even doing a free weekend
I could have I didn't so you know what
what what's taking you so fucking long
so they're doing a free weekend for like
the big Game of Thrones release and I
just I don't give a fuck I don't give a
fuck about games of throne anymore I bet
I was barely holding on as it was and
then like man Scoob
s-see oh oh be the scooby-doo remake
starting a hanna-barbera Cinematic
Universe whatever this is a real thing
and whatever anyway it's cinematic
universes don't need that's don't need
to be a thing not everything needs to be
a cinematic fucking universe not
everything needs to be a movie - like
scooby-doo kind of works as a TV show
and just to do that you know yeah I
think I make money off so big no but
they're making less and less money off
of movies nowadays anyway so why keep a
TV that was bullshit keep a TV show
running so you can sell merchandise and
you're good to go you don't need a movie
Tim says rich thanks for the great
masters of the universe commentary I
love that welcome speaking of the 80s
cartoon properties turned into movies do
you think that the original 1990 teen a
TMNT movie holds up
the original Turtles movie I mean
obviously the costumes were you know a
little a little there are a lot of
things about it I like I have to watch
it again to tell you if I think it holds
up there are a lot of things about that
movie I like though mm-hmm told why is
it it's like a somewhere between the old
comic books and the cartoon show yeah
you just need to get rid of the rest of
the cartoon show
influence and I'd be happy with it well
yeah jiggle and jiggle I'll go log
jiggle a lag 35 is saying like something
I've thought about has Marvel really
been the only Cinematic Universe that is
actually working yeah yeah it's because
they're the only ones that thought about
it beforehand and are just rushing into
one for the sake of having one right
they actually figured it out before they
started production and they started
small right
Iron Man small little movie okay at the
time not a particularly exciting
character no there weren't legions of
people clamoring for the Iron Man film
well and you know what I think that was
a cheaper movie to produce and they were
they they took small steps they worked
their way and you know what how was that
fuck up Robert Downey jr. gonna blow it
Oh God how many meetings yeah how many
meetings where that was the key I got a
you guys sure about this whole Robert
Downey jr. thing I just don't know I
don't know we can't finish the movie if
he's in jail I'm sure that's
conversation they had nope nope tried to
run a room and it wasn't quite perfect
you know my favorite game of Thrones
characters jam baretsky is is Eddard
Stark is is the man who spoiler alert
the man who died in the first episode
they set up games the threat Game of
Thrones and and we meet we meet a Eddard
Stark or whatever his name is I don't
even know if it's Eddard because he's
been dead for so long now in the series
and he is like the moral compass he is
good for the sake of good but he'll fuck
you up too like he like the show starts
off with him executing someone for for
deserting during a battle yeah and he he
has to execute them himself because like
he wants to show everyone like I stand
by my rules I'll cut his head off
yeah like he's the good right and he's
tasked by the king to come to come to
the to the main city and be his hand to
be his you know like the guy who the guy
is an advisor to the king because
there's a lot of corruption in the city
and I need a good man oh no I don't do
this anymore I'm a good man and he was
like he was my the one I rooted for and
he's the kind of character that I like
in these kinds of things because he's
yeah the normal guy who's fighting
against the corruption just using his
his his goodwill and hope and then they
kill right away I don't I don't want to
watch a show there's absolutely where
everybody I want to root for dies fuck
that right and that's all Game of
Thrones is and then you know like he
then there were there were some people
trying to take up his place is that the
right just as a gimmick hasn't that
gotten old by now what the the character
you you're rooting for dies I don't know
I don't know if that's a gimmick even I
think it is because that's all people
talk about when they talk about the show
okay and then I think so I don't know so
he was my favorite character
after him I liked some other people but
but to me like I was still into it a
little bit after then yeah I've talked
about Game of Thrones before and it's
like the show overall I never much cared
for because I find it a little confusing
you know they'll mention like these
ancient treaties and whatnot but they'll
just be like passing mentions and and
I'll never remember like who they're
talking about because everyone has the
audacity you know but you a bit rose to
rhombus the gorlok is this tree a boss I
have to get through you might be able to
go the other way do you remember where I
went to fight the fire monster no you
could head in that direction is this
like the blood starve beast or is this
something I have to do now oh I don't
know
oh they are saying optional boss action
are actually alright well take one more
whack in it but I'm not I'm not even
getting close and this feels like I'm
just wasting my time
killing the tree will let you turn boss
souls into weapons it's not necessary
but maybe you could upgrade a thing for
a thing oh sorry I missed a couple tips
Tim Zalman's Jack don't show your kids
Studio Ghibli's grave of the fireflies
it's so sad and it will scar them okay
that's good to know
let's see here leftover beefcake says
with all these book lists game lists the
TNT shirt spreadsheets you guys have
going you will probably need lots more
storage space here's five dollars
towards a new SSD to hold offense or
another notebook I died right I get I
get lots and lots of notebooks I just
started a new notebook today I'm really
happy about that
I like filing away the old ones and you
know starting a fresh new one I do all
my spreadsheets on on Google Drive so I
don't need to worry about storage space
we just bought rich a new solid state
hard drive yeah for the sole purpose of
getting Windows 10 so we can play game
month Windows 10 that only plays on
Windows 10 or Xbox one so I'm not
fucking up my Windows 7 installation for
that shit
oh they're saying you can kill his left
hand first oh oh you know what I guess I
never tried attacking his his hands or
feet I just went through you told me
alone yesterday well I just restrained
your son I went for the nuts I tried to
hide for a body hit and it didn't take
long so I just went for the nuts but
maybe you can hit his hands oh I cannot
hurt
oh you tried wait maybe he's talking
about its age
oh there's like a little nut on his
elbow
no I can't
oh yeah okay that is nothing anything
maybe he means in stage two
his left mule
oh yeah you're attacking split his wife
and it's also possible that tonight
so his left his left his love
oh yeah he's got nuts right on the hand
nice okay okay
I've got things I don't it's just
discouraging
yeah
so much for having destroyed that hand
well you you know fellow everybody got
stuck when you got stuck on his thing
you got stuck on his thing rich don't
don't about things I don't it's just
discouraging
infuse a weapon with fire oh yeah fire
weapon would help a lot against the tree
I guess but we don't we don't have the
thing we don't have anything to infuse
it with we don't have enough fire things
to infuse it with oh wait I'm gonna try
your Ford and if you hold up your shield
you know you can block them you can
block them
let's see anonymous says I want Disney
to buy the rights to Game of Thrones so
I can see Eddard Stark team up with
Ironman to wedgie Joffrey yeah here
Joffrey was a wonderful villain just you
the the the the kind of a bastard King
he's just a prick like an entitled
little prick and you you love to hate
him he's really good as a bad guy you
hate everything about him and everything
he does makes you hate him more and
every time they hint that there is some
good in his heart he shows you that
there is none so Joffrey is a great
villain gruff Mick military says I'm
with Jack regarding games of Thrones
quit after red wedding if I wanted to
watch a show about political treachery
where the scumbag always wins I'll stick
to the 2016 presidential race I kind of
I kind of blew the delivery of that but
I you know oh the turtle outfit I didn't
know we had the turtle outfit I love
that
here's one I haven't heard you to
mention Keano any interest in that movie
yes 100% piano piano have you heard of
this no have you seen any key & peele no
first of all when you go home head over
to YouTube and Google key & Peele
oh wait yes I get over there the the
Comedy Central sketch comedy show
amazingly funny wonderful wonderful show
they wrote a movie and are starring in
they wrote and are starring in an action
comedy movie called Keano in which their
kitten Keano gets kidnapped and they
have to retrieve it and hilarious with
hilarious results holy fuck
oh yeah that's us some decent damage key
& peele are great I definitely agree
everyone loves Key & Peele right I like
this turtle outfit that turtle outfit is
great look at it look at it that's what
my cleric starts with I didn't know we
had it on this and I might go back to
this game knowing that and I can just
wear that outfit cuz cuz I like that it
is not a John wick parody actually kmpl
wrote this well before John wick and and
have publicly said that it's just a
weird coincidence that it has kind of
roughly the same plot it is not a John
wick parody
it's it's a it's a weird coincidence
that it's a movie about a pet being
stolen called Keanu and John wick is
about a pet being stolen starring Keanu
John wick is about a pet being stolen do
you not know anything about John Wright
no blush I know candles it's an action
belief they go the the plot kind of
kicks off when his dog gets either
stolen or killed really yeah we're I
forget I forget if it's the guy if it
got stolen or killed but I'm just gonna
flat out say that's weird
is killed okay yeah his dog got killed
oh yeah there's better mystery Club this
is still killing in one hit yeah well no
it's faster this this is more your type
of weapon yeah this is the type of
weapon you want to use weapons with a
red X in inventory mean your stats
aren't high enough to use them properly
trying to point like the closest
let's see here I am in Spain this year
and wanted a new band to listen to to
build a sensory association with the
time and place shows they might be
giants cuz your ramblings and boy am i
happening which album after flood
get there's so many there's so many good
ones factory showroom get back to each
other get out of this shit whatever it
is I don't know where it is but I don't
like it
sorry why does this game hate me this
game it's not you Richard hates everyone
hates every
yeah Paulo 18 is also good there's but
there's too many good
Lincoln if you're done with flood either
Apollo 18 or factory showroom those are
going to be your next year
Mario Mario it is not a poorly designed
game I think there are some aspects
specifically of Dark Souls 3 that are
poorly designed but
oh you wrote that is that what I don't
know what FS me you just wrote which
albums after flood FS and I thought FS
was like one of those yellow like slang
words like fo sho
so after phat flood and factory showroom
then you need to listen to Apollo 18 and
then let's see here what worked it going
to after Apollo 18 because Apollo 18 is
a must listen to then go back to their
self-titled because it's weird so weird
which is the one with I think it's
Lincoln hold on I need to oh yeah then
you need to listen to Lincoln Lincoln is
a great great album
Anna Inge a purple to pay piece of dirt
mister me they'll need a crane snowball
in hell yes okay Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln
Lincoln is my actually now my number one
recommendation Lincoln make up your
fucking mind
I'm sorry I've you know you I all I know
is like I have all the albums and I just
listen to them constantly so I always
forget which song is on which album so
do yourself a favor and get Lincoln and
you will love it yes rich is playing
offline
Lincoln is also a great movie yeah it's
the soundtrack to these field Lincoln by
Abuk
and they keep saying rich because you
because you're not really using your
shield you either need to hold out your
shield which will you know blocks on the
incoming damage or use your weapon too
herb and vermin oh wait sorry there's
even more there's even more here so
fraud the Lincoln that's that one Anana
says a recent list rating Dark Souls 3
bosses in order of difficulty put this
boss literally last place as in easiest
I'm not even sure why you're struggling
you seem good at this game
you still getting his flow back i what I
think rich should do if he if he fails
the boss again is um go somewhere else
and just fight regular enemies for a
little bit just to get your flow back
because remember all last stream I play
and rich probably hasn't played since
and it takes a while to get into the
flow of the game so I think rich needs
to handle some smaller enemies just to
get back into the flow mr. Dwight II yes
I'm gonna talk about that
I'm totally gonna talk about that just
give me a minute it's on my list of
things to talk about the Dark Souls
board game yes just this guy you know
says okay must make sleep now good luck
rich try using more sword I'll check it
the recording tomorrow to see how it
goes you guys are totally on Fleck FS
Yolo
thanks just this guy you know and he
seemed he did tight flack
hey Jack have you heard anything from
the van Pelt mr. bungle it's like if a
my vagina and frank zappa had a baby
which grew up to become a clown drunken
on acid at a kid's party you want a copy
mr. bungle didn't they do that video
killed the radio star
yep
kill a farm
yeah oh go go go Oh God hey nice dodge
yeah look for any nuts on any like lower
on any lower attendance
no that's the buckles okay
I think I've heard of I've heard of mr.
bungle I've never I guess I've never
heard that but I've heard of them that
helps I'm sure it doesn't
why do you hate boardgame to love more
games
well hope you're not dead yet we end up
go after the notes you did it a lot
better that time you almost got a half
yep there's a rich mutt yesterday they
announced the Dark Souls boardgame
Kickstarter working officially with from
software and bank-owned amke ok to make
a board game version of Dark Souls wow
that game I love for its gameplay I
really want a board game version of that
settle down first of all not only it had
like a goal of I mean something
ridiculous like 30,000 mm has made over
a million in 24 hours that's fine
because people everyone loves Dark Souls
the only video they have of the game is
a boss fight so there's exploration
areas and there's boss fight areas and
it actually looks really on spot with
how boss fights work like it's node
based and so you like you have to spend
movement points to move your characters
and then like a boss like randomly moves
his character right and you have to
attack and whittle away health and you
could have a team up to four doing it
the boss fight that they showed in the
Kickstarter video looked really amazing
and really captures the spirit of Dark
Souls fuckin you took half a help not
wasting this just finish it off finish
it off I I don't Carol about the board
game version yeah if I see it that looks
fun sure but just saying there's a board
game version of Dark Souls you could
call it anything you want it's not gonna
have anything to do with this other than
a name that's true well no no but what
I'm saying is you in the boss fuck all
the new My Little Ponies board game for
all the difference that makes the the
battle mechanics that they showed was
exactly how you would make a board game
version of the boss fights it's okay I'd
like it emulated the boss fights
perfectly in board game form and that's
exciting
if you're if you are a lover of the
combat of this game it's a way to do
that
turn-based kind of with a little more
strategy instead of heckie heckie heckie
I I backed it immediately after I saw
that video in like 1901 you could you
could describe a light bulb to me okay
you could try and describe that I don't
think it would have quite the same
effect until I saw it okay that's true
anyway so for those of you who have a
moment head over to the the Kickstarter
and look up Dark Souls board game they
have a video showing how the boss battle
mechanics work after watching that video
I donated and and I will get one when it
when it comes out because it obviously
met its goal the pieces look lovely and
it looks like it's gonna be a really fun
and frustrating board game so I'm
incredibly excited about it I backed it
immediately after watching that video I
guess I like this outfit this great
outfit
the turtle shell back is what sold me on
this game visually the old men in the
turtle shell backs in the in the trailer
you know the opening cinematic that I
love those guys
yes jyggalag like definitely a board
game stream when I get the dark souls
board game
I will
actually that boy that's my favorite
thing about their Kickstarter is they
had they had three tiers
you know normally it's just like donate
any money you want do this do this they
have a million different tiers this one
they had three tiers one was early buy
the game which we're also about by the
time I found it
buy the game or you're a retailer and
you want to buy six copies of the game
that's it that's a look like that no
special nothing special or fancy just
buy the game or buy more of the game I
love that so I just bought the game
it's one to four players and so you can
play it
you can play it single-player which is
very exciting
when his face got - coming out tomorrow
we have tomorrow the blu-ray will take a
little bit longer by digital time
wait so you can play the darksouls board
game by yourself you can it's probably a
little more difficult but you can play
it by yourself
let's see here anonymous rich how much
better would this game how much better
would this game be if you could have a
lightsaber I hate you I hate everything
you stand for I hope you die a slow and
painful death sorry to poke the bear
let's see here
Jack I found out you love the lazy susan
glad to have you in the gay for jay club
lazy susan okay I don't understand that
quite anonymous there's a restaurant
locally called lazy susan that I really
enjoy maybe that's what you're talking
about
but it's the thing I forgot what a lazy
susan is but it's a thing it's it's a
wreck I mean a lazy susan is the other
thing with spoons you put things on it I
was like Jack did you want me to send
you a copy of the mr. bungle album
probably not I'm not a huge music person
I might enjoy it I might not you know
it's one of those things where I will
listen to it if you would like to send
it but you know I'm not a I'm not a big
music guy so it might be wasted on me it
might be better spent ascending to
someone else fruit by the magician we
already did to the end oh right we
didn't I suppose we didn't go down that
elevator we already met the onion night
though look I'm going to kill this
fucking boss it's the only thing we're
doing tonight okay
that's fine that's fine I do like a
little ween it is time it is time to
stand up everybody before before you
take out that boss roots do you want to
stand up can I forget the blood no okay
everybody I don't everybody else let's
just stand up rich is gonna take out
some little some little guys in the
we'll just we'll get the
Jack I would like to see rich with a
lightsaber fighting the old weird
emperor would you be able to deliver
that to the fan base we love you
probably not
urban vermin did I forget to read you
take I'm so sorry
oh my god you right over Milan thank you
Jack thanks for mentioning cake farts
combat one time it was a funny strange
video to watch also any chance that we
can get some prereq shirts in the future
thanks for the laugh guys lol fart my
cake
we've talked briefly about previously
recorded shirts we're kind of feeling
out the demand for very low very low
very low there there is a service
through twitch where they'll actually
like print to order shirts you know like
we can create a design in it they'll put
it on a twit ship and then it'll have a
little twitch logo on the sleeve but
it'll be our design and I've been
thinking about that but uh oh you can
hit that
right now right now no plans but I'm I
am thinking about it
we need a actually I've been talking on
and off with this guy who wanted to
redesign just run away just run away
I've been talking to this guy who wanted
to redesign our logo and I really liked
it except for a couple things in the
weave in going back and forth so
actually I've been really waiting until
this logo of this new previously
recorded logos on cuz I really liked his
design
and then then we might see some working
guys
what that's fucking hand
yeah
that was addressed by America
the one where I got a selfie lowest
point where I ever had it that's my best
run you think you think that would be my
best friend I'm gonna I was such a bitch
emu Drive you aren't a bitch you is such
a bitch right now I was trying to
bolster yes they're like hey you've just
performed the best end and I turned
around and I spent your jock I apologize
I that was that was just dickish of me
it was that completely dickish of me it
wasn't it's okay it's okay rich you were
concentrating you're in the moment rich
needs some Snickers you're right
I I wanted that run that no that's how I
did it Jack right I didn't get it you
were close you're really close I don't
serve it now I just don't deserve it no
it's a big dick well you know maybe one
more death and then and then Oh Theresa
no it'll be fine everything's fine
hey guys I'm in the market for a new mic
how did you settle on this sure you use
now what other mics would you recommend
for vocal screaming podcasts PS
bloodborne is also getting a board game
yes blood-borne is not a blood-borne is
getting a deck building game which I'm
following the guy who makes it on
Twitter this is different than the old
blood-borne and Dark Souls er yes
what blood-borne is getting a deck
building game okay Dark Souls is getting
a board game and I'm getting both of
them when they come out because they
both look really great
I'm following the guy on Twitter who's
making the blood-borne game just so I
know exactly when it comes out I am
legitimately sorry for being a dick it's
you know what I understand you're in the
moment and and more so you've apologized
for it I think that's that's very big of
you
purple space berserk I think you're
right rich needs a hug right now
everyone mentally give rich a hug and
back them up here let's see here the I
mean these were good these work these
work very well and now since we got the
cloud lifter they also worked very well
I have at home I have a microphone
that's really amazing and it's a USB mic
so if you are mostly concerned with like
in-home vocal work and podcasting and
you know you'll be plugging it into a
computer anyways you know like these are
excel hours and so they go into the zoom
which you plug into the computer but the
USB mic I use at home
I'm getting the name
oh you henchmen fucking running up
behind me oh those like I don't have
enough shit to worry about
actually can't find the microphone I use
at home but obviously these are xlrs
they work great but they require
something else to interface with your
computer and so you need to figure out
whether or not you would you need a
standalone recorder or if you want to
plug it into your computer that's the
important thing when choosing a
microphone and obviously there's a
million and a zillion reviews online um
let's see here can we see more of rich
masturbating more droids for the fanbase
No do it for the fan rich don't do it
for the fan do it for us no okay there
you go rich your expression makes it
look like you're doing a really
confusing and frustrating tax form I
like that
can we get a prereq shirt with a demonic
tree bending rich over his lap and
spanking but you people are fans I think
that was some backlash for you yelling
it I did not yell no you didn't I just
got pissy and I apologized immediately I
wasn't even done being pissy when I
apologized to realize have a fitted
shirt you're Irish you're right let's
see here yonder yonder says I just got
here did I miss anything important if so
please reenact each bit of it in its
entirety well you're saying it over and
over again
rich fightin tree nuts and Happ Sonia
says thanks for the Dark Souls 3 stream
you are the best you're welcome you're
welcome
I've been I've been playing a little bit
of this I was playing a little bit while
rendering out the first four hours of
Dark Souls video and it's alright I miss
I miss my blood-borne gun and I miss my
blood-borne trick weapons
I like to combat a lot more in
blood-borne but I don't know I don't
know all this guy's moves I don't know
what it's safe to rush in like is that
one swing or is had three swings sure
the ground hogs day the game that's what
we decided during our first four hours
of its a lot of games as this game as
its Groundhog Day
you have to relive the same day over and
over again until you get it right this
one more noticeably because you fail
more often but that's that's pretty much
every game I think
I'm sorry I can't run into you I think
it's slowly poisoning
they had a week's - fuck you doing out
of the weak spot
how about a nutsack
how about um that's a
Oh three rich
you should take a break from the boss
says loop sent me to and come back to a
guarantee he'll improve less or he'll
prove less frustrating also we came
because we love also don't tell rich how
hi amber
I don't think rich cares how hire you I
don't care if that's what you do man
that's fine you do you don't worry about
other people judging you
you just do you be the best you and if
you know thing on the whole pots
probably a lot better than alcohol
you're gonna have a vice you're probably
right
old man Han Solo wins in a fight versus
old man Indiana Jones because Han Solo
has a laser gun and old man Indiana
Jones does not what whatever issues a
pothead might have fucking alcohol can
ruin lives
alcoholism oh god yeah yeah absolutely
why am i fighting this guy's gonna die
in a second
oh yeah okay alcohol is a terrible thing
hot pot is not physically addictive
but it can turn people into pricks just
cuz it makes him lazy get up
you're pretty a pothead prick shadow
elite rich cannot take off his shirt for
the for $100 he can take off his shirt
off camera but it is against twitch
streaming policies forged for streamers
to remove their shirts male or female
male or female hmm that is true this is
a true thing my preferred resolution to
the double standard would just be to let
women take off their tops
I guess fair is fair so I'm very sorry
shadow elite for any amount of money
rich will not be removed god damn it not
just nibs they don't want streamers to
show anything this did they say if if
you must remove your shirt because let's
say it's really hot in your house then
you need to frame the camera neck and
above
Tom yes and they do that just so twitch
does not turn into a pornography site
because that's exactly what would happen
is topless gaming you know the top
100,000 videos would be women playing
games topless and twitch does not want
to be there you can get genuine
pornography on the internet so easy
will that really be the case yes I
guarantee it kind of idiot it has so
much trouble finding porn they have to
go to twitch I don't think it's a fie
it's about finding porn it's it's about
the special combination of porn and
games you know it's like racy thumbnails
on YouTube this so what yeah oh yes and
and what what kind of view numbers do
those racy phone nails have I don't
understand why it doesn't because you
know there's not gonna be anything too
racy in there because it's on you too
yeah because kids are dumb rich kids are
dumb they don't know any better
you see boobs you click on the boobs
oh yeah like already like there's a
there's a bunch of cleavage streamers on
Twitch and that's what they do their
boobie streamers or whatever they call
themselves
all right
all right
they should just allow bottomless
streaming you know what yeah that'd be
weird can I eventually cut that stupid
arm off nope cuz I'm dead Oh
what videogames weed and porn are the
vices of modern white European youth
keep it out what the vices of a lot of
youth white or not yeah the vices of
brown youth the vices of tan used
devices of white American youth
it's the vices of every youth who has
access every youth who has access to
weed and video games that's their vices
they the chat has gone nuts about you
using the shield Oh el argentino I gonna
guarantee that exists already a
foot-fetish stream just a girl playing
the game using the controller with her
naked feet I'm guaranteeing you that is
that is somewhere on Twitch at this very
moment right
don't I do less damage though and I'm
not two-handed they say your recovery
time is faster and let's say tree-nut
takes a swing at you just have your
shield out and do you this is what
they're saying Oh actually bone the
Schaefer says no lie it is against
twitch Terms of Service to show feet
what the fuck was run by a bunch of
fucking Puritans and I guess we just
learned that rich has a foot fetish own
too much ankle was just showing too much
ankle too much ankle two-handed equals a
1.5 strength bonus so you don't lose
that much strength going one-handed and
I know a lot of people I I've seen just
kind of have the shield out whenever
they're moving you know
get over here
fucker no strapless dresses and if you
slow dance you need to be at least six
inches apart there needs to be room for
Jesus between ya the Holy Ghost what was
it I said a great school we need to make
sure there's room for the Holy Ghost
between I thought it was in my heart so
we need to get really close really close
I thought you said he was inside of me
so that means he's inside of her so I
need to be
exactly that's just logic
it's great
which can show rich can you show any
part of your body anything he is showing
several parts of his body right now
including his head and arms
I really hope twitch does not have rules
about being bald on cam
then that just make does that just make
you
Oh
let's make sure extra damage
trouble before
I will check that
today
sorry
yeah yeah
nope run
Oh God he he didn't have any health left
he didn't have any okay okay wait wait
wait sup what checking your inventory
see if you have something called embers
like what's that oh wait no what's the
black 8 thing it's a fire pop whoa what
left ember gained strength of flame
boosting HP until death yeah
they say you should use one of those
okay
oh that was ridiculously ridiculously
close that was just ridiculous it was
just ridiculous
yeah you fucking piece of shit like a
scrape would have killed him Oh fucking
scrape I'm surprised his butt bounced
didn't kill him
you just needed one more swing
fuckers fuckers a lot of them a lot of
them a lot of them Oh
actually what what when you get up to
the top see if anyone's following you
before you go in okay
check check on your sword 74 of 80 it's
fine okay great okay now use one of
those embas
okay that's a lot more health right
there also see if you have an item
called charcoal pine resin using it will
temporarily put the fire damage on your
weapon fire damage would be very helpful
against the giant tree
you also have bombs right you have fire
bombs charcoal pine bundle applies fire
to right hand weapon charcoal pine resin
applies fire okay you have to fire
things what's the difference between
them I don't know I don't know well
that's a limited use right I'm gonna
save that woman for me to get down there
yeah do you might want to equip it oh he
oh he activated earlier night blood I
hadn't expected yes he did okay that's
alright you got this you have more help
this time
sorry
you got it guys
when I won oh just it's telling tell
giving the other hints and tips and
tricks most of what you involving
oh fuck die
and finished in the bush
and you seen it like you acted correctly
you know you got out of there
it was just a shame to see you get hit
at all
that hammer fuck
that hammer fuck stop messing with the
grunts they keep stabbing me when I'm
trying to attack him as you just saw if
he doesn't mess with the grunts they
kill him and yeah I know you guys are
giving us a lot of a hints and tips and
tricks and we really do appreciate that
but you also have to understand that
there's a little bit that you just need
to do for yourself when you're playing
you just need to do a little bit
yourself oh and they say actually if you
equip that charcoal it refills all of
your health and gives you more of it so
you can use it like a one-time Estus
flask that also does the weapon thing
right no that's the one that refills
your health or may gives you more health
oh so if I do the charcoal thing later
like I have to get hit a little bit
it'll like be an estes wise mother
fuckas following you okay wait
okay so you quit that oh my oh I get out
of here I go to the other one that one
yeah this one yeah when the equipment
yeah clip that and then equip see here
charcoal pine bundle charcoal pine resin
ice fire ice fire the right hand weapon
yeah I mean that's sure is when you wake
up more off oh wait oh yeah there there
of course you know 8 million people are
telling me many different things and so
I was just making sure you got the right
thing and you have the Ember and you're
good to go
the Ember which looks like a charcoal so
I called it a charcoal when it's an
ember everybody in the chat can settle
right the fuck down for a little bit
okay wait stop what what what oh no no I
kill him first okay one for the tree
activates did you equip the bundle ember
or the pine resin oh no go back to the
other one
what's the difference they say the
bundle does not act last for very long
good lasts for like five seconds okay
but the pine resin lasts longer
so oh no get out of here get out of here
yeah in equipment there you go alright
great now we are ready to go you're
fully prepared for this battle a trying
to jinx me yep
I had the shield up one hit one hit we
are now ready though now we're ready got
all the things you're ready to go
everything's fine everything's fine now
everything's totally fine now
everything's gonna be fine
no Umbra Hogan everyone's been telling
us to use the shield and so we know we
can use it two handed but everyone's
telling us to use the shield if rich
feels like using it two handed he will
use it two handed that's right yeah
you've got this December - just be
patient pretend that if you lose you
have to slap jack
no more then he might want to learn a
pretend if I win I get to slap Jack you
get to slap me in the hand for a
high-five yeah yeah that's what I was
thinking
I hate you you pitchfork cocksucker and
you can stay over there you wuss
all right
let's hit it through the floor
don't difference to me
more guys fill down
okay
yeah don't worry about those those Bruns
chased me all the way to the ball sack
like can't do anything
very much
at my balls
smart move
I think you need to take a break from
the tree ball monster to face some some
small enemies get to get to forget the
mojo back get to feel back no no no nope
but yeah I mean yet I'm down a good half
health
you had the yeah the the super you had
the super health and you have the fire
sort I think like you had all the right
piece he killed me in a one-two combo
anyway yep but I'm saying that you had
all the right pieces you you went for
the attack at the wrong pile at the
wrong time but I think you're they're
rich you have the math down to make it
the easiest fight possible let's see
here
Kroenke says fuck the chat you've got
this rich mister dyt says the shield you
are using doesn't give 100% physical
resist so damage will still go through
also the shield usually needs to be
facing the enemy to block ok sure that's
fair the rhombus the gorlock says rich
will win this time
Neil Breen has willed it so you're the
best rich you're the best and you know
what it's your ball sack the ball sack
is the is the best ball sack the best
ball sack
stupid dog if he if he dies again we
will try this bone shard thing I don't
even know if we have a bone shard I
think we looked into this last time when
we found out we don't have a bone shard
but we will try that next we checked our
weapon durability last time and it
seemed to be fine so I'm not worried
about his weapon suddenly breaking now
just think about all the metals you'll
get after defeating this monster rich
all the metals that you can pin to your
chest because you're the best
what the fuck yeah yeah you do keep
going for that hand first and he doesn't
seem to be falling down anymore he fell
down that once
no listen Richie's got a flow let Brett
let him have his flow let him have his
flow yeah I guess if you feel like
you're not using your shield go to hand
just because then it'll give you that
slightly bigger damage boost but you
know if you feel like you're using the
shield then if you feel like it's
helping you no no I don't think we're
gonna do an official review on this one
we know what we're doing for the next
for the next video probably won't be
this I I feel like a review of Dark
Souls 3 wouldn't matter much because
everyone kind of knows what the deal is
at this point yeah the third Dark Souls
game the fourth in the souls series the
fifth from software game like we get it
at this point
it'd be like we're reviewing the new
Super Mario Brothers game everyone kind
of understands where that's going oh oh
shit what what oh I thought I was
slowing right when I hit X to go under
the yeah yeah
but people will watch it P I know people
really like this whole series but I just
don't think we would have anything to
say that hasn't been said a million
times you know or said or that we would
spend the entire review comparing it to
blood-borne because that's kind of our
point of entry in this series right and
I don't know if that's necessary what do
you fuckers get over here fine fine I
don't need you anyway
now you can do oh wait wait I want to
come
yeah that's why we that's why we did the
first four hours with Dark Souls 3 just
because we you know everyone gets the
jokey dialogue and we thought that would
be fun
we definitely wanted to play it
yeah
thanks I'm tardy I what we noted
or your evil hand where's your evil
hands
you're that fucking spin move
you have fire bombs
terribly impressed moment
I think I was back there Xia
we didn't use that fucking spin move on
me like eight times in a fucking row
that's his thing that's his thing stand
up everybody time to stand up it's time
to stand up everyone who's not rich rich
doesn't feel like standing up everybody
else stand up while rich walks to the
boss
what's going on is I'm gonna I think I'm
gonna take this one you don't think oh
yeah I see that
yeah yeah
don't feel like it
I don't
that's right
I
okay
I believe we did that already I will
double-check though after after this
death I will double-check but I believe
we did that last women watch going back
to the level up place and burning up in
the fire increases the potency of your
Estus one so every sip
right
some of you
no no I think just do it you can I
believe I did that last stream
you guys keep bringing it up but we will
double check new and evil I did get a
bunch of emails I have
really upsetting that was the the first
game I bought before the 30s
I enjoyed any of them Zelda games
we're spinning let's go Trish I know if
that's everyone's joke and it's very
funny
should have rolled when I get it
economic as well - alone
did anyone play our slashing scenes /e
souls was a
a mobile game
phone game created by
by gamestop to help like sell there to
help advertise pre-orders and
endless-runner
Dark Souls gaming it sucks it's a
terrible endless-runner
I thought it was cute that you can buy
/e souls
I downloaded it
it's not very good
not very good fun
okay before we get too far let's
double-check this bone thing everybody
settle down for one second go into our
inventory
you do that here right oh oh you went
back there thing okay great no so first
of all I mean I've never seen rich so
stuck in a video game before yet I know
he will conquer this motherfucker
you can do it rich what am I looking for
okay I go to the fire in here do you can
get out of here you just go to the fire
which fire that's right there
yeah and get out of your inventory click
on the fire and one of the options
should be burn unbid bone shard okay
okay can you burn another one do we have
another on why do I want to burn another
one
so now if you look at your Estus flask
when you look at your Estus flask next
time
it says estes flax flax plus one okay
you've basically leveled up your healing
item okay okay great
we've done it we've done it I'm sorry I
thought we did that last stream it might
be something you can do more than once
how was your last one great oh well let
me get to all of the tips that I missed
while I went walking rich try spinning
this good trip try eating almonds too
they're healthy and good for you and
give you strength to kill bosses it will
also kill me the almonds kill rich so
you know how about you we don't do that
I tipped y'all two bucks over an hour
ago says the riddle of Steel and I think
you skipped me I remember we read one of
you maybe not on someone on once but I
trust you enough to spend two dollars to
bring it to your attention
Verne the night Verne mine ever mine
tied play it multiplayer with the fans
like he'll die ever let me look that up
right this very moment ver my tied
beep might we use of all of your members
Jack oh my I guess you're not using I
didn't even know this was I didn't even
know the embers were a thing so use them
use a museum wasn't it cold and this
much trouble to blood the star beast it
was fairly early boss
yeah blood-borne and I didn't gave me
more trouble than any of the bosses oh
that's a Warhammer game so we're
probably not gonna play it but it might
be ok I I added it I added it to my wish
list I added it to my check out later
list so thank you that we automatically
don't like Warhammer games check you
know what is just in the back of my head
that war Warhammer equals something I'm
not into it yeah it could be a fine game
it's a tabletop game oh then it might be
something on there too
I don't know where I got this notion
from range it's just the notion I had
okay let's see here phase two back nuts
for the love of God attack the back nuts
also giant clubs should have a damage
bonus against nuts to be fanatic yes yes
they should I agree anonymous and bless
our drugs says repeat after me back back
vermintide is like left for dead okay
so you got some back nuts to attack you
know I think you you had the right idea
early which is like an attack the hand
when you can then yet and maybe later
but I couldn't reach I tried the back
nots once I couldn't reach every once in
a while he like leans back there
and then roll them oh well strategy
Dark Souls is a different kind of fun
it's not like haha
Oh
all right
it's more like I just trained for two
years and ran a marathon yeah
and then Henry used to have in love
yeah but didn't you kill
I don't think I guess he's on the like
nuts
a lot
yeah
I'm doomed
sure I'm doomed never to beat this
treatise check you mean you've said
you're gonna be that this dream so looks
like it's gonna be an all-nighter
then go phi and nuts there people seem
to like it they say rich in pain is fun
people like you're suffering rich so you
suffer for your art
so my de Beaune Chargers it's the light
okay it's old plus one how long does
that last I think that's just forever so
I think if we had another bone shard
then we could do it again and it be plus
two bones outs are probably fairly rare
what I said or maybe you can like choose
where you use them
Shin shin Thomas it's different it's
different when you're playing the game
alone Sheamus or whatever his name was I
did it looks like a dry the first is boy
so easy why not just hit him and run
away when he ataxia like it's just like
and now what I'm doing right it's
different and of course rich is here
we're talking into like I'm blabbering
in his ear about random nonsense it's
it's very different when you are
streaming a game then when you play it
by yourself and can be fully absorbed
and you know it's fine everything's fine
see how we helped you as you are you're
very helpful chat thank you for all of
your help
yeah we removed the skeleton last stream
we its photo skeleton is fully removed
so we don't need to worry about that
which is good
Lucky Strikes is having conflicting
feelings between Haley Leah and penny
layup
Penny's a nice girl but she's a sad sack
and I would not want to be married to
her Abigail's fine
just kind of boring to parallel Liz
Leah's fine I prefer penny I want I want
a girl to just sit and read books with
me in the library all day that's just
what I like I want to I want to be the
one to bring a little light into Penny's
yeah let's add life I'm not gonna use
the flash before the underground portion
if I die before then so be it yeah yeah
so be it it's fair colors
Leah does lados like wine you can get my
salad you can buy selling at the bar
it's really easy gift for her she loves
it
oh well I mean I think there's a second
like in general about like why we like
them and you can you know Leia likes
wine and you know if you like a lady who
drinks wine
I was a bookworm
I feel like it's not like Leia gets like
like piss her pants drunk she likes fine
wine there you didn't get to that
cutscene where Leia is yelling at you
and stumbling home no I didn't get that
cutscene because I got all over cup
scenes that doesn't happen Jack Jack
you son of a bitch firm I grew up in an
artist that's great if that happened to
start you think you think his you make
it turn up series big shot supposedly
one of the updates there's gonna be
divorce oh yeah if you don't keep it up
no maybe if you just want to try to my
wife oh you can initiate divorce
hopefully she they can initiate divorces
no I know he's gonna add a couple of
love interest
oh okay that'd be nice not new
characters just ones that weren't
previously romance Abul oh yeah like the
bum not him yeah I don't want a romance
with bone
Malaya's intervention will be
forthcoming to help via like that
Haley's sister Emily the blue haired one
that works at the bar oh yeah she's cute
and one of the drunk guys and hangs out
of the bar Shane okay oh yeah the one
who's like always just what kind of an
ass right by the bar in kind of an ass
yeah just wants to be left alone
yes yes what you think cuz you got
chickens you're a big deal you think you
think you love those chickens well you
love me you pet him every day when's the
last time you pet me fucker yep I want
my lad drunk PLC my way you modern in
just adding some dialogue oh yeah yeah
yeah that's right now just let me finish
you Tim Val mom's latest trend upgrading
recent games why is rich going this way
to the boss there I'll go the other way
to the boss let's go the other way to
the boss we're going the other way the
boss
they got they got this guy I prefer this
way but there there are a lot of guys in
this little house so you have to go to
the house that's exactly why I don't
want to go this way you have to go to
the house and on the little on the left
side of the house there's a staircase
that'll take you upstairs yeah and
they've blocked the doorway which is the
hardest part
this is the way I usually think I think
it's a little bit easier but there's
more painting out you get you can get
stuck in that doorway emily easily and
I've I've gotten I've gotten stuck there
but okay wait sorry latest trend
upgrading recent games to HD they've
been doing that they're doing that with
Arkham Asylum and Arkham City for Xbox
one and ps4 except for they're already
in HD tops
yeah it's I guess it's time what they're
updating like what it was just the
graphics that's fine that's part of them
fucking the gameplay up yeah but what's
the point
my problem with the the Grim Fandango
update was they didn't they didn't
upgrade the graphics enough for my taste
I don't want to change the gameplay
boosts it a bit more I'll be fine like
firfer for games like Arkham Asylum
what's the point it's already available
everywhere
nothing wrong with games preservation
Jack games preservation Sheriff
alright I'll buy into the Alpine to that
argument rich Evans games preservations
for the sake of games preservations we
are ok with this also yonder yonder says
that Leia likes driftwood bitches but
she loves salad you can literally get
her a fucking stick out of the dirty
water and give it to her and she'll put
out woman appreciates nature she doesn't
put out alright she just likes the drip
who likes the dirty had to give her a
fuck ton of driftwood before she'll put
out before you can give her this and
then you may as well go with salad yeah
she likes salad but no no it didn't
restore and that just wasted her number
well Dark Souls 3 is a bitch I was I was
a little comical right there but I mean
you could also like she really enjoys
like the mushrooms that you picked out
of the ground she enjoys nature she yeah
but she really likes salad and she
really likes wine get yourself a keg and
get that lady some wine you're better
off gone with salad that wine that you
make yeah you can only sell for like 600
the salad at the bar same amount of like
cost 200 there you go so make some wine
to sell the wine buy some salad drowning
in that sweet Leia loving rich you don't
make girlfriends with salad in stardew
valley you do
nice touch there there's another bonfire
we could be using oh I didn't know that
right send us a detailed map draw us a
detailed map on your closest cocktail
napkin go I got this like a half an hour
ago and I haven't opened it yet it's
probably warmed out when you get another
one all right he activates instantly no
he didn't used to do that that's
annoying
it's completely fucked with my mojo
yeah
yeah yeah and of course now other people
are saying you're at the closest one
don't whine fuckers they just want me to
wander around loose a bonfire like an
idiot yep
I will ask grips that question like goes
down with this bike
this ass
this is one that you might have to think
about it was wait thank you for the map
dreaming the dreamers with the game yes
rich will definitely have three
nightmares for the next two weeks
why the embers before Estes
those are girls
I guess you could save the ember' for
last but if you increase the hell in
your health right away it gives you more
hits yeah why wouldn't you want to do
that first thing the whole point is to
have all of that help so when something
like that happens and you can still live
so you get those fruit back
director
or the yellow stuff drains our skin
where are you at I think you did it Oh
Oh
I was so Wow took your time your patient
you waited for your moments you did it
rich huh break okay we're just gonna
take a breath we're just gonna take a
breath hmm
we got the transposing kiln and the soul
of the rotted great wood okay great um
two and a half two and a half hours rich
so you know you know all it takes all
sorts rich all sorts
