Episode 120
Done Stabbing Tree Balls (Dark Souls 3)
June 14, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9uK130jKgA
___________________________________________

my big club back there we go okay great
go see if there are any treasures down
here now because now we got to find our
way out of here
probably by that giant bright thing
right there big ol bright thing in the
room go towards the brightest thing in
the room derpity derp dee derp
do I want to pray at this altar
what is that outside you
I'm not in the Covenant okay great that
lifts the onion night will take you to
the next to a colorful one okay yeah
let's go let's go hang out with the
onion night a little bit more first what
do we need to do give the we have to
give the guy the thing right
yeah yeah I know good so there's a guy
okay yeah there's a guy up here that guy
give him the kiln I'm gonna go do that
why do I have on this floppy hat the
game won't crash because we're playing
it on a PlayStation 4 and not on Rich's
computer so it won't crash
seen better days but it shall suffice
now bring to me a twisted soul
transposition in
Oh
okay so I gave the the you know that the
little Skellington guy on the throne
yeah you can give him the thing and we
can make new weapons so what are we so
we can get a holo Slayers great sword
which I mean looks fairly awesome we can
get votes great hammer
Oh for the dog we can get his big mace
none of these things we can use it they
all have X's on them so like we're not
really we don't have the strength than a
thousand souls huh yeah a thousand souls
how much more strength you need for them
this one we need thirty string yeah no
not third nineteen yeah chap dark side
of the moon's like one of my favorite
albums that is true
that's true about Richards asking if I'm
wearing a pink floyd shirt yeah
sometimes rich Evans will surprise you
with the things he's into touch the
darkness within me only one level touch
the darkness within you touch the
darkness within me yeah yeah yeah
if I could just go peer strength shear
strength wait I think I have some souls
to burn to get a little bit more I'm
very close to leveling up did you miss
anything here Tony victory no idea I
just got back from a victory myself oh
yeah these two tips we have no bread oh
man says rich hypothetically Firaxis
said they were doing another XCOM style
game but in a different setting which
would you prefer fantasy steampunk
western or science fantasy like Star
Wars ish and how much care for fantasy
in my science fiction uh-huh like my
science fiction to be science fiction so
now it's not sci-fi fantasy for sure I'd
probably go steampunk Oh debunks fun
that could be neat
that could be meat I'm gonna go find
that onion night again I forgot where he
was they say we get to hang out with the
onion night more and go to fun places
yeah so I'm gonna do that with my big
dumb Club
crookie says oh my god
rich is my spirit animal I've ever seen
the show Metalocalypse and don't listen
to the music from the show so maybe the
same guys who made the show home movies
first thing I didn't know the same guy
who made home movies I've actually never
seen home movies never seen a movie No
oh you'd love it I love Metalocalypse
though so maybe I'd love home movies
well you know it's very very very
different show but same humour it's a
it's about kids who make movies for fun
and it's it's good times
do-do-do-do-do this is where the onion
night is back I know that Metalocalypse
is basically basically canceled bow on
not quite a cliffhanger but unresolved
which is disappointing
you still phone get out of here I like
you I don't like them right hitting them
in the face with your club working a
little bit even press the onion night
progress the onion ID story as far as we
can for now
oh well then lay off guys
actually I don't swim just being coy
about her new seasons last last I heard
they said no that's the last I heard
they said no and now have a live cam of
all of the faxes sending them requests
to bring it back going directly into a
shredder right that's a real thing
rubbish is this guy again what does he
do I don't know what he do
dost know livestream of them shredding
faxes that's that's horrible that's
really horrible
yeah well it's them like shredding
requests yeah why don't they just tell
their fans to fuck off I think that's
what the livestream of that shredding
fax is it's rich I'm pretty sure that's
been telling from the fuckin uh-huh I
wonder I wonder what happened there why
wouldn't they want another season maybe
it costs too much maybe they're working
on new properties maybe bring you know
maybe Brandon smallest ask to work with
it could be and or maybe he's saying
like I've done this long enough you need
to pay me more money and they don't have
more money I'm sure there could be many
many reasons what's down here there
could be many many reasons it is the
kind of shit we do though that's
basically what I'm gonna do with Mass
Effect and Mass Effect Andromeda what
wait if that comes out just destroy it
on camera oh yeah if I get sent a copy
I'm certain you're not gonna go out of
my way to fucking buy it i play of that
Oh fucking awesome what he is look but
look it's got a dog man night thing dog
ain't man night I kind of love him
I was not prepared for that not prepared
for dog ape night the Eric Andre show is
brilliant
booger x99 if if you guys have not seen
the Eric Andre show do yourself a
straight-up favor see that shit
what she'll reason
well I was using was the one in the
middle on the bottom it says physical
absorption is 100 this isn't it I don't
think that one has the the counter
though but I gave up on the counter too
finicky too finicky to be worth it
yeah man yeah what's on my shirt I just
went over this
clean out your damn ears it's a just
pick plaid shirt it's got a pyramid and
some some colors
rats
fuck you rats we're only at 40% wait
armor up to use that uh armor up to use
up that's 70% numbers you can get to
rounder wait that's what they're saying
everyone everyone told me to cut down on
the armor that's what I did
oh and you know what I like this outfit
better huh I don't care if other outfits
will perform better
I want this is how I want to look so
that's it so fuck all y'all hate is the
Somme looking no fighting
why can't they just normally quiet cuz
we're fucking used to blood-borne we're
bad at it I pulled out a field the whole
time
I don't want to live like this like this
behind the shield
onion night there's some other stuff
over there forget it's all about the
fashion Souls yep
hey I stuck with the outfit I like the
bloodborne I don't never shit yeah yeah
yeah
stats be damned except for this hat I
don't like this hat you get you gave me
this hat wrench yeah we're sure that it
works with this little outfit and you
put that one on I wanted to see what it
look like well I'm gonna put on this
goofier head rich this makes me feel
like a like a like a Koopa Troopa yeah
I'm just gonna go like this and go
hatless
I am hatless Jack of the turtle clan the
wall Pink Floyd's the wall it's okay
it's good I'm not okay no it's cuz
there's a lot of good songs on it Anna
on the whole it's it's fine I don't like
it as much as Dark Side of the Moon why
does the rich hate Dark Side of the Moon
you know I don't say that there aren't
really really good tracks on it
like rolling um
wish you were here okay I'm not really a
music guy so I'm not even sure what the
fuck is on the album but I know I like
the song wish you were here
so what's whatever that's worth you
can't I was trying to parry his sword
don't parry I well I was trying to parry
and I can apparently don't parry a
parent a pair in leave don't period so
where do we go next
I'm kind of I'm kind of fucking oh I
guess the do I have to go I have to go
shine on you crazy diamond rich you too
do we light a lantern jack this is the
way you're meant to go what that's been
said multiplied by me they just said
this is the way you're meant to go so
whatever you were that's where I go next
Shh I got a fight that fucking thing I
want to fight that thing rich is hard
please don't ever do that again you're
shinin crazy yeah I think so
I liked it it was a joke like I didn't
get that that was talking about the song
you know
it's heard me hit that dodge roll there
I hit it I hit it upgrade your weapon if
you can not this sword because it's raw
I mean upgrading it would still mean
better stats well that one is the one I
got a brake upgrade to the raw yeah can
you keep doing that
yeah you can upgrade it you can still
upgrade it you just can't no longer
infuse it with stones okay and it okay
and it no longer scales with our other
stats but I think this is the better
weapon to use against crazy snow sword
beast monster I think
I'd like to get one hit on the crazy
snows the sponsor we upgraded the weapon
to raw like how did the honey you you're
going to upgrade it what did you upgrade
it to I don't understand I wasn't paying
attention when you did this so you can
you can just like reinforce it which is
just a regular upgrade yeah and then you
can infuse it like putting gems on SWAT
but the only problem with infusing is
apparently I infused it with a raw gem
which up to the stats yeah but it means
that it doesn't scale with our
attributes okay but it's it's all it's
it's fine every I mean it is what it is
it's already upgraded and obviously I
don't have the souls to upgrade it
anymore because I keep dying to this
snow monster thing
I couldn't hit by you rat it's one thing
I know I'm not getting hit by that
fucking rat you know it's got good music
ash vs. Evil Dead music and I know the
joke is supposed to be that it's all
outdated things that an old man would
listen to yeah I don't care I'm an
outdated old man you're that's fine
and how dare that old man you might be
able to reinforce
so maybe it's not fucked I don't I don't
know that'd be great
we're gonna try and try the old get good
strategy over here with uh with snow
monster I was having some trouble
deflecting his giant snow sword so I
just don't know if I can't deflect it or
if I was fucking up the time we're just
going to drink in a big old pile of the
get goods yes I finally beat the tree
you can remove infusions if you find the
right kind of stone and they want you to
put the hat back on there like the Hat
they'll like the Hat okay I hit him once
this time look at this thing
Tim Simmons says rich I'm a massive Led
Zeppelin fan personally but I left Pink
Floyd by the way did you hear that some
dumbass synced up Dark Side of the Moon
with the force awakens no I didn't hear
that and ya ER a dumbass remember back
in my younger days sinking Dark Side of
the Moon up with The Wizard of Oz of
course that's the thing me and Karen did
that way back when yeah that was the
thing to do and you go oh this part kind
of matches up with this isn't that
trippy no okay and either resinar on
drugs you know nobody not my bag baby
right I did it while on drugs I wash it
while I'm driving
but it really works well no all those
were really pissed like we kept on it we
can we kept on like wondering if we
missed the cue maybe we did it wrong no
no no I always thought it was a good
combination this is gonna mean anything
to you Wow but Dark Side of the Moon and
Cerebus the aardvark what serve is the
art it's a comic book okay some of the
some of the Trippier Cerebus moments
work really good to Dark Side of the
Moon all right
I I suggest that if you own these
service collected volumes
oh wait they want the Hat put the hat
back on
I'm gonna put a helmet on I'm gonna be a
Koopa Troopa how do you sync pictures to
a song still pictures to a son I mean
it's not really a sync just it's nice to
listen to that while you read service
no I think you've got it maybe should
use the shield huh you sure actually I
did much better that time without using
yes I did much better that time without
using the shield
okay okay
and Tiberius Kirk says that this this
yeah the stream it's great with space
trucking on the background
great space truckin Dupin dududududu run
past and open run past an open door
there was a bonfire right outside so you
can skip running into him run past him
oh the cold guy that's I'm assuming they
mean I want to beat the cold again I
know I I'm with you on that you have fun
the way you want to have fun with your
game right listen sometimes you get to
the point where you need to run past
people and sometimes you want to defeat
the people that might be frustrating for
you guys to watch but fucking man dick
neutral is confirming that space truckin
is going well with the stream and
whatever you guys want to do
get them songs check at them souls
there's nothing in there fuck
fuck come on Janek you were so close
last time it's right yeah you remember
remember when the tree bees beat me when
what his health was you could even see
his fucking health bar mm-hmm that was
close that was close
just open up the door for easy mode
right exactly that's exactly what
opening up the doors I looks I will
defeat the man and then I will open the
door as a victory you know what would go
poorly with the stream TNT you can only
listen to TNT when you're kicking ass it
works considerably worse when your ass
is being kicked then it just makes you
feel like a chump
cuz I'm Tien this music is pumping up my
enemies i'm dinah nope nope oh Jesus
Christ
oh Jesus Christ I'm not even gonna make
it there this time
hmm Tiberias thinks if you're listening
with TNT
you'd be kicking ass because of it oh
maybe maybe that's good thinking
I'm a loser would work very well yes we
need to listen listen to back especially
like listen to sad sack back like listen
to see changes or one of his like I'm
feeling kind of blue albums while you
play this and you'll just you'll feel
like absolute garbage great hum tardy
says i'm dinah a lot i like that
thumps up
thunderstruck would work great too
thunderstruck is good right before asses
kicked TNT is good during ass-kicking
if I were using in the movie
thunderstruck would be setting up my big
battle not during it yeah there we go
I've defeated him the upsetting part is
that was clearly not a boss monster
that's just a monster I'm going to run
into later on but I defeated him and I
feel good about that defeat about that
victory I should say I feel good about
that victory
oh there's there's a bonfire right here
and I got a new sword yeah so we'll
check out that new sword the III eerie
feel straight sword and people are
saying nice day this looks pretty good
this looks pretty good yeah let's see it
okay so here's my swords right now and
whoa and here's my throat and he the
news or hates myself any of the new Thor
yeah looks pretty cool well give it a
shot
yeah okay that guy was like the hunters
from blood-borne he only spawns once oh
great
I'll take it let's see what these
shields do and people are saying that
sort of super good great
I like hye-rin says he carried him
through a lot of his game so there you
go great I'll take it then all right the
only every time they put a CD music in a
movie it usually sucks ac/dc doesn't
suck but the movie usually does Iron Man
Man Iron Man I think you know is it
usually though usually like a ac/dc is
one of those a CD C's music is one of
those that I think filmmakers use as a
crutch you know like I'll just put on
some ac/dc music and it'll be awesome
how about that spar of ac/dc exactly
we've got a shivering stand is that
thing what the fuck is that thing rich
I don't fucking know that's a big
fucking thing that's gonna kill you what
do you think it is the darksouls game
probably exactly that's your future doom
go say hi to your future doom Jack hi
hello doom I wanna see if there's any
doom over here first oh there is oh
sweet
yeah well while you're transforming I'm
gonna murder you how about that maybe
should have transformed like an hour ago
right no or what if he was transforming
to be to say like I'm an angel of peace
I will heal yeah what if that's what he
was saying I'm not willing to trust
anything in this world and that's the
problem what if we what if there was a
pacifism option look at this fucking
thing
we're cat airborne jet is get airborne
he's got wings I assume we can get
airborne
that's pure assumption on my part though
I doubt there would be like a growing
wing animations for something that can't
like fly sure it's gonna be like those
birds and blood-borne come the floor
that you crave first of all that would
be great I love those birds well yeah
like I definitely want to go down there
but it looks like you know that's a
one-way street there's no way to get
back up to here someone I'd do a little
more exploring over here first a check I
don't trust her onion we're gonna find
out that he's crazy man it was gonna
kill things we'll find that out well we
know he's a crazy man who wants to kill
things the question is is he a crazy man
who wants to kill us a little that'll be
the twist I'll be the twist son Knight
you have helped me know that these
monsters out of the way I can kill every
one starting weight and then he turns
into some kind of blob monster that
bursts out of the onion suit yep okay I
guess I this is the way to go rich oK
we've entered the meat of the game
okay oh I got an axe
look at this bitty hum hum tardies is uh
you are a crazy man who wants to kill
things that's your character in this
game yes and we can't trust anything
else including me you know we're bad
everything's bad everything's awful
I just proved my point
you can't even trust the potato just hey
we we get ourselves killed in this game
all the time you can't trust yourself
you cannot trust yourself I get here we
got a butcher knife and we got an axe
rich a butcher knife in an axe do you do
what you do because that's what you do
you did did this vid to do look at ax it
looks like we're not ready for the
butcher knife yet
yeah I know Axl Rose is gonna be the new
singer for ac/dc yeah I don't like Axl
Rose I guess I guess to me it doesn't
matter because the a dc-dc means nothing
anymore what are they doing lately can
you just do the old shit I don't care
yeah but it's not like you're gonna go
see him
just listen to their old music and you
find you know like they don't matter
anymore so yeah sure Axl Rose will be
the new singer who cares they'll sell a
few more tickets we just got some now we
got new weapons rich okay now source
this shit we got now mom's coming out
your butt Jack we got twin daggers slash
and thrust
okay great we're doing great not played
the open doom beta
I'll probably just play it when it's
done yeah you gotta be weird about betas
you don't want to get too attached to
something that they decide to change
you're gonna come alive aren't you I
have the sword I'm gonna say I like the
sword a little bit better this war this
this sword just swings really quickly
yeah and it seems to kill things faster
than my axe what does it what does it
it's one of my father stack with what is
it Deb
it looks like it does well with
dexterity and strength bonuses what's
the word I'm looking for scale scale
strength and dexterity which I have
decent of both strength and dexterity
it's got a cold thing I forgot to be
some kinda like magic in there or
something I guess there's no real
there's no real like magic kind of set
this one is her there's nothing like a
blood tinge that's it does have a cold
thing to it so you think it would do a
cold damage or if it would tell us if it
did a cold damage although maybe if I go
into here
if you remember me hating Dark Souls 1
before playing blood-borne
you'll have to you remember me playing
one frustrating stream of it which is
hardly hardly fair it has additional
effects and you see it has a red thing a
purple thing and a white thing it's 35
white thing so maybe maybe 35 white
thing means means ice-cold I'm sorry
you're saying what I was just about uh
not having much time with the game and
not really having a solid opinion of
again I was especially with the
frustration of dying over and over again
Dark Souls 1 oh yeah I'm sure if I went
back to it I'd like it I haven't gone
back to it cuz theres always constantly
shit to do and play and whatnot like duh
hyper light drifter is stream bad and
that was kind of mad actually I like it
now not my favorite game ever but I like
it a lot more and I did when we were
streaming it you've been saying that
yeah and yeah I still have kind of a
negative feeling out of from streaming
it just because it was kind of mad much
how I feel about Dark Souls 1 and Dark
Souls 2
you know we stream that for a little bit
as well
just cuz we we didn't have a lot of time
to absorb them it's hard to absorb a
game when you're streaming oh I see you
hello did a goblin friend I would like
to murder you
yeah and you're murdered welcome to the
murder singer now to find my own City
I'm find a mole we had a people that you
kill murder that song would be a lot
better if it weren't for that that 30
minute chunk in the middle that's just
blah instrumental blah I'm trying to
remember the instrumental blah no you
know it's fine because you get uh
whatever I listen to that song once the
instrumental kicks in I just either loop
it to the top or listen to something
else sure sure
get off me Doug
you are you are free to disagree this is
just my personal opinion on the damn
song doesn't mean you I think anybody
else should hate it it's just just
talking about myself yep yep yep that's
solos not that long jeez yeah yeah you
really think it's not 35 minutes like I
said it was maybe maybe I was
exaggerating or maybe I actually thought
it was 35 minutes long I think it's more
possible that you actually thought it
was 35 minutes ago here's my here's my
dilemma here it's like I don't know
where I am and I'm out of Estus flasks
so I'm gonna use an ember only to regain
my health I just got a new member
has everyone forgiven Metallica for
Napster yet does that ever happened no I
don't think they've ever bounced back
fully like you know they still have
their core audience but I think as far
as like a new fan outreach is concerned
it's just gone yeah - no I've never
cared about Guns and Roses
why don't you jog ah oh we got funny
games never ever have I given a shit I'm
travelers we got everything you want but
there's a price to pay that all goes I'd
watch me not give a shit about guns and
roses
oh and bilah so by the way here here we
are once again I was just thinking to
myself oh I just made it through that
through that stretch I could really go
for a bonfire right about now oh this
whoa and there's one right smack-dab in
front of me I think they might have they
might have they might have nerfed the
bonfire place man
I feel a bit I feel like that was
exactly where I wanted it to be and it
shouldn't have been there should have
been a couple more enemies in front of
it don't get used to the convenient
bonfires
this is Horace a friend and travelling
companion as Horace and you to accept
the Lords of cinder we are where along
the road of sacrifices Valois is the
crucifixion words beyond the flooded
winds lies barren keep home of the
undead Legion further yet is the
Cathedral of the deep we think the
cathedral home of the Grim Aldrich you
may go our separate ways now but we are
both seekers of Lourdes the next time we
cross paths one may find the other in a
time of need may the flames guide your
way sure
okay great
oh and I got a thing got a thing earlier
I got this yep I can learn hi miracles
of carom okay okay great what about you
oh good oh you're you're one of those
that don't have much to say great let's
rock and roll
oh you know what yeah I probably have
enough to level off I should probably
level up level up and
upgrade upgrade my new fun sword my
slashy slashy honoree is the opposite
gender of your characters gender that's
interesting
oh I've actually trying to have a love
interest is Andriy our love is that what
they're doing
maybe I'm sure something horrible
happens to her oh maybe
the doll is the best level of waifu I I
liked the doll I liked the doll a lot
better than this one this lady that says
touch my darkness I don't want to touch
your darkness
I want the doll to say come close to me
come close to me and that's me shadow
you and dark know you know what is she
what is a doll you can say I forget the
doll is I like the doll better than this
baby fo sho rest your weary something or
something like that
it'd be easier I don't know something or
other I can't remember what she says she
whatever it is it's soothing and
wonderful wow I really wish this worked
on PC hahaha wouldn't that be great if
this worked on PC note room lighting
tool oh yeah that was a I heard that
eighty thousand times and I tried that
nobody did that I'm just I'm
preemptively jumping on them yourself
lighting low I've heard that eighty
thousand fucking times
mmm-hmm did not work we did we I didn't
show all that because you know I wanted
to keep it under like two more right
there were two more crashes and there
was us going through all the headings
google searching how to go through all
of the settings to get this to work on
your very nice gaming PC and it didn't
work I have Windows 7 that works fine in
Windows 7 we were using it in Windows 7
I've been avoiding 10 because it sounds
like a pain in the ass to reinstall all
my shit or figure out ways to get my old
shit to work and I don't want to fucking
deal with it when I see no real
advantage to getting 10 yeah ok where's
our new sword here
oh we need twinkling try knight to
reinforce our new sword rich we need
twinkling to try a name we don't have
that we do have just a try Knight shard
so I could reinforce my axe and I kind
of want my annex but like I also want to
reinforce I also want to use the fist
because I think it's ridiculous
what is wrong yeah 10 because the reason
the reason I haven't upgraded to 10 is
because I don't feel like the hassle of
fucking around with it and reinstalling
things and getting shit to work in a
newer operating system when everything
the way I had it set up works just fine
so otherwise what is wrong with 10 oh I
could have a fire axe rich
I want a fire axe let's do this
fuck yeah baby be careful I don't wanna
see my work squandered alright so now I
have a fire axe and an ice sword no it
doesn't it does it's not lit on fire I
was really expecting it to be on fire
mmm it doesn't change its appearance at
all which actually kind of upsets me a
little bit what about you hey Betty
we're gonna buy from you short sword and
dagger weapons okay actually anything
that works on seven works fine on ten a
I'm actually worried though about like
older games so a lot of those with gog
and whatnot have been updated anyway
like TIE fighter type fighter was always
a headache to get running on modern
systems until the GOG version right it's
crap like that that I worry about like
like old old Windows 95
programs that I still have getting that
shit to run sure oh wait I need I need
to touch this lady's darkness really
quick GOG is really good I like to hear
gee I'm just I'm just not realizing how
many of my favorite Center I have to
worry about shit like that with because
I have the GOG version have you um have
you been using GOG galaxy at all I don't
see any - you know it's just a nice hub
just a nice I want I want one place to
go for all my games what I've been doing
is I just put a link to my GOG games
into steam just I have one thing open
with a list of games and I've got a ton
of Steam games and I think it would be a
pain in the ass to do the other way
around unless there's some kind of app
that will just import links to Steam
shit into galaxy baby
I'm saying the only thing I really get
with GOG that I got with galaxy that I
that I don't have would be like like I
have like achievements or something
right I don't give any shit about that I
mean I think there is that that kind of
like social element as well but but to
me it's just a nice hub you know much
like steam is like the hub for games and
so you can choose what game to play
another issue I have with galaxy because
I actually installed it somewhat
recently just to see what it was like
and it didn't recognize any of my GOG
games because my solid-state drive
I don't install things onto my C Drive
installed in like my II drive I got a
separate driver and that's not like gee
oh geez default directory so it's it's
not it doesn't recognize everything I
have from GOG that I already installed
oh okay sure yeah I mean that's just
gonna take some time it was fine tuning
of create resistance you know what I
like upgrading luck because I like
finding stuff I like that in blood-borne
too because it made it more likely that
you would find healing items I know that
might not be a popular choice upgrading
luck I let's see if I can set this dude
on fire
like yeah ax attack Nick Nevinger says
Windows is playing with the idea of
making their OS subscriber based which
would mean that all users would have to
update when Windows does it may not pull
through but just to FYI lol shut my Cobb
subscriber based yeah in you know I
think that's very interesting from a
from a software perspective from an
operating system perspective
I just want to switch to fucking Linux
and not have to worry about any of this
garbage
but those software ones no no games
wanna fucking support Linux you know
Apple has taken as taken a stance that
it's very important to them that their
customers have the newest they have to
offer and so Apple has made all of their
operating systems free
they sell hardware well yeah Apple's
hardware Microsoft doesn't sell hardware
and Apple wants to get you into the
ecosystem you know like they want your
iPhone to run perfectly and your iPad to
run perfectly and the app and you know
use the App Store and all the the more
the more pleasant and experience you
have using Apple's hardware the more
likely you are to buy new Apple hardware
that's to their benefit yeah he's cool
yeah that's guys with the big wooden
planks Club zombies fuck you I dodged
now let's try using virtual machines
I've never played around with that kind
of stuff much I have to imagine it won't
run nearly as fast trying to use a
virtual machine to run Windows apps
Linux environment and it would probably
be a bitch with newer shit possible Oh
what is that
goodness thing he died yeah just kind of
goofy far from my favorite from monster
oh yeah like a little rock crab bug
shrooms
see if I switch over to Linux I know I
know I'm probably able to run TIE
fighter on a virtual machine just fine
but would I be able to run dark souls 3
I want to get rid of Windows entirely
otherwise it's not worth it Oh taco
tuesday stinks there with a little salt
and pepper shakers oh oh someone go on
etsy right now I'm sure someone on Etsy
has already made those into salt and
pepper shakers what was the last boss we
fought three balls
we've bought rebirth lot tree balls and
then I thought the ice monster which was
like a mini boss and then I thought some
Biddy with a with a butcher knife which
was a mini boss but we have beaten tree
balls and we have beaten snow dog and
all the bosses so I don't know what that
means for how far we are in the game
I got Windows 10 to work just fine once
I disabled like all the features yeah
that's what I hear like and websites
have breakdowns on all the things you
need to do to like stop them from Auto
sharing your information Oh God
my weight weird crosses things the good
thing is like someone does have all of
those breakdowns where it's like if you
want to disable all of them it might be
fine
we've only gotten to 20 percent of the
game I believe that I'm shocked instead
much I'm legitimately shocked it's that
much yeah yeah
ooh a twin dragon great shield that
sounds like something high
we're bringing Windows 10 up because
well I think we mentioned this earlier
in the stream yeah that we're gonna
we're gonna play some quantum break and
on PC that is a Windows 10 exclusive yes
you can either play it on an Xbox one or
a Windows 10 machine you you can't get
it through Steam and I think it if you
could get it through Steam which you can
I think you would still need Windows 10
which is bullshit but Microsoft are
assholes about wanting to shove 10 down
your fucking throat yep they really want
you to use Windows 10 so we did some ooh
oh rich look at this thing do you see
him in the background oh yeah what's
that gonna be so we did we did some
price-price
mapping and like okay how much does an
Xbox one cost you know which is
something we were thinking about getting
anyway well how much does two Xbox one
Scott well yeah what if we just got
Richard just a whole new hard drive
quantum quantum breaking is broken on PC
don't play and someone else says it does
not run on ten well by the way
so we got rich well they know what then
then we can tear it apart for that
exactly that's the next episode and we
got rich a brand spankin new hard drive
yeah cuz I wasn't about the new my
windows 7 installation for this shit and
we're gonna get him a brand fresh
banking copy of Windows 10 so you can
play quantum break oh man I hope the
game does not work on Windows 10 the
website says it only works on Windows 10
literally it is a Windows 10 exclusive
I'm just going by what what what what
the official website is telling me
that's what they have told us says only
only Windows 10 through their store
thing
I don't want to hurt it so let me kill
jack it'll be killed if it attacks me
I'll go for it
what invaded by dark sphere yellow I'm
I'm being invaded rich what does that
mean
what does that mean but I said I was
being invaded by a dark spirit I mean
someone's gonna come to kill you another
player we're not online fairly you are
fuck
don't play quantum break even for it
needles
well let me wasted a lot of money in a
harddrive onpc phantom is coming to gank
you there are NPC invaders that sounds
annoying
I don't like invaders in blood-borne
fuck you
fuck you oh he did refill all of my
Estes his glasses
well I killed them so we got that going
for us
and I think I got a weapon from him but
again I got a hazel pick whatever a
hazel pick is I got it
alright what else do you give me Oh oh
yeah I got some new shields here oh look
at that shield oh and I got a funny hat
look you want a funny hat you wanna wear
a funny hat fuck swap out my shield here
oh wait what is that - look at that
that's a new symbol doesn't probably a
new shield that's my incident symbol oh
look at that see what it does no no like
you know so instead of bashing away look
what it does yeah yeah you're using up
some of your special meter fuck fuck you
I'll use my mirror how one we're just
gonna take me home oh me
oh that's a good shield - I want that
okay here we go back on it
okay so there's these giant things here
in the water I'm gonna I'm cap what not
quantum break even be worth it if we
ended up ripping it apart it's not a big
turtle thing he's a giant fucking ugly
crab I thought it was like a beautiful
turtle I thought it was a beautiful
turtle rich why would you think it would
be a beautiful anything
yeah I got here crab thing you done
somebody had spending linked us to
something and instantly started making
noise alright well you'll have to you'll
have to show me that link later
it would really just be the equivalent
of beating a dead horse listen we've
done a lot of indie games we need to do
a big game with this one and it's like
the big game that's out get to you well
did you buy the Xbox one yet I did there
is something else that's coming out what
do do well do do next
forget you still wanna do quanta break
alright we're doing it I'll give a shit
and then we'll do do that'd be great
look at that guy hey hey not two of you
Star Fox zero
that was that was on the list that was
Wow
fuck you
I going to play the new TMNT game you
know what what I've seen I'm really not
super hyped about it
fuck you
PlatinumGames are nearly always good and
it looks a lot like the Transformers one
though and that was really mediocre plus
I really hate bebop and Rocksteady
how you doing Jack how you don't could
just be to like many bosses okay and we
got a we got I have so many weapons I
don't know what to do with him now we
just got something called the Exile
great sword which looks awesome and we
got Oh instead of the large club we now
have the great club so an even larger
piece of wood so that's great there's a
bauble over there that I can't get to
and it roots really bothers them to me
so once again I don't know this but I
would like for there to be a bonfire is
what I'm saying and I'm gonna guess I
would like for there to be a bonfire
nearby is what I'm saying because I'm
out of flasks and I've been exploring
for a little bit you already missed on
which I'm assuming means one okay
bonfire right near the crab thing okay
that's what I want
also we should probably stop streaming
soon yeah as it is midnight a little bit
I gotta go there's a cramp yeah I saw
the crab thing I didn't see a bonfire
over there I just read the things it's
all I do Jack's all I do i I believe him
I believe him that there's a bonfire
over here because there that was one
down the ladder bonfire down ladder whoa
whoa okay that's what I want
feeling good about where I am I'm
surprised I beat those two guys see if
you went down the ladder that would have
been perfect is that was right when
you're saying I could you know that was
right and you were saying that by the
ladder and I was even thinking well why
don't you go down the ladder Jack it was
probably one write down that's driving a
big open area down there with a palm
fire that's not how this happened that
beautiful Joe Oh
beautiful never have been time perfectly
it would have been timed absolutely
right when you got down you would have
like finished saying it really is
bonfire they even turned around and it
would have been there but now we spent
like we spent like like two minutes
backtracking
and it just didn't work anymore Oh Joe
oh what a shame all right what a shame
you know what
rest them self Wow here we go
salute we are toasting to the
subscribers
here we are toasting to the subscribers
respected citizen welcome
Jean pecan case le jia silly he fle just
this guy you know 16 months in a row
Hojo's Sephiroth Sephiroth Sephiroth
Sephiroth that's a final fantasy
character if you say so
in Argentina Chernobyl kinsmen 12 months
in a row Tiberius Kirk Tim sevens p.m.
fill a pill just there's nice so there's
no age in there can't be filled so a.m.
pill this time it's lupus Santos papal
space bazooka 15 months in around
Lincoln cracker man 5 to 6 15 months in
a row
Cameron Mitchell's ghost joy both sad no
joyfully sad
Eldorado Owens Owens scantron the
immortal 15 months in a row plus are
drugs
18 months in a row bless them drugs a
420 420 is die goop all pot stay on one
day like in a hundred years there will
be in all pots day in remembrance of
something or another
Daigo twelve months in a row happy the
legalization the celibate happen sooner
or later nation national
yeah legalization yeah sooner or later
you know it'll be equivalent to st.
Patrick's Day yeah okay alright I'm with
it Oh Tom tardy no we watch back Jack
fleshy patch nineteen was well I said
that as if it was an infomercial
do you experience dry fleshy bench
nineteen months in a row use your eight
use your remain eighteen months in a row
cun tremendous yeah that's correct
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true
we really do so you know we're doing
quantum break
