Episode 123
Slash'N'Dash (Part 2)
June 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2HT_BUYZkE
___________________________________________

you crazy alone or our chances I've
listened to the commentary track for
Batman and Robin at least 30 times oh my
god and at a section you mentioned when
you when you think of Joel Schumacher
you think of his notoriety wait for it
what that's the whole that's all wait
for it I don't know what that means
what's his notoriety I don't know okay
sorry loner arts on everything we send
up the commentary oh wait here guys
sorry he tips again later my question is
there any other director with equivalent
or greater noah
notoriety as Joel Schumacher hold on my
question is is there any other director
with equivalent or greater notoriety as
Joel Schumacher ruined of Batman
franchise what what read them one more
time my question is there any other
direct question is there any other
direct is there well listen is there any
other director with equivalent or
greater notoriety as Joel Schumacher
ruined the Batman franchise is there any
other so we're talking okay another dude
franchise that's confusing it cuz I
don't think he means to say any of the
director in the Batman franchise that
has the same notoriety I think he means
any other director that has an equal
level of notoriety as Joel Schumacher
has for ruining the Batman fracture okay
alright I think I think that's where
he's going I think that's what that
means
is there another Roman Polanski that's
the first thing I thought of he's got
some notoriety but if he means notoriety
in terms of a director that famously
ruined a franchise
Bobby George Lucas of course who did who
did who's the notorious director for
hire who did x3 Oh Brett Ratner Brett
Ratner yeah he kind of ruined the x-men
if you don't know his name he's not his
he's no yeah if you just mean a director
who has an
Turia's reputation and not related to
ruining franchises then yeah Roman
Polanski's at the top of the list
followed shortly by Woody Allen no no
because what Yellin is all like there's
there's allegations but no there's you
know he's never gone to jail or anything
another big one is victor salva who did
the Jeepers Creepers movies he you know
I don't want to talk about victor salva
look him up if you're curious he's a
fucking monster and he still makes
movies and it's sort of creepy oh
alright but uh yeah looking looking
looking the victor salva 'he's past if
you're not familiar the fact that he's
still getting movies made is sort of
gross reverence and uh Sinatra says
plants key is innocent you know that you
can tell because I like his movies well
that's the that's the tricky part is
someone like Roman Polanski or it's like
you know he has this past but he's also
great filmmaker and he's made some great
movies I love Rosemary's Baby sure but
now any less of a ticket I'm sure but I
mean that's the thing is like how can
you watch a movie and and block out the
the personal life of that person sure
yeah I don't think I could ever watch
The Cosby Show again not that I have
much desire to watch The Cosby Show
right right right I think all that Roman
Polanski movies that I like and have
seen were were made before his troubles
though or his incident so his incident
so that that kind of factors into it
incident Jay how adorable okay you
should do a commentary track on the fly
since the 30th anniversary of the film
is this year oh my god it is love the
fly watch the fly every day I watch it
probably once every couple years okay
how much pretty regularly that's pretty
good it's one of those ones that I
always have on rotation that's a good
one
Craig nation says I was listening to the
stream at work and Rich's laugh was so
loud the entire office asked what asked
what it was
I ended up explaining the splendor that
is rich Evans to work riches laughs a
concern
confirmed for not-safe-for-work okay I'm
sorry that's very true you should have
known that though you should have known
that going in hey guys speaking of The
Revenge of the Sith review will you ever
release the in HD version of the plink
at Star Wars reviews that would require
going back in and we've talked about
this like if it were to happen it would
be a very long-term project because I'd
basically be re-editing the entire thing
yeah I mean the a lot of the footage is
taken from DVDs so you have to go
through and you know replace all that
footage with you know blu-ray footage or
HD remastered footage it would be a very
time-consuming process so it's it's not
I'm not gonna stay completely out of the
question but it would be a lot coupled
with the fact that they have a habit of
being taken down isn't her easier
reading something you've already edited
is it is it harder because you have to
like rematch exactly what you did before
and you're not just free-flowing doing
it I would say that's that's well it's
so time-consuming because you have to
find like the exact frames and get it
exact oh and then there's no Drive yeah
exactly is creation right right it feels
like work as opposed to feels like you
know being creative you guys looking
forward to the new Shane black predator
film yes absolutely
I'm looking forward to the nice guys oh
yeah that looks good
Alex fun oh that looks fun yeah that
predator movie it's I think Shane
Black's directing it but he's writing it
along with Fred Decker who I didn't
think even worked at Hollywood anymore
he wrote their shame blacken him rope
the monster squad together the classic
Oh discovers last night we already
watched it is the car
I think that never wasn't quite a
classic as a kid but that was Shane
black and Fred Dekker wrote that and
then Fred Dekker directed Robocop 3 and
he was never heard from again but I
guess those guys are still friends or
something cuz he's pulling for a Decker
out of obscurity to write predator well
shit now he's got that Iron Man three
money shame but I can do it everywhere
Sega's Shane Black is in the first
predator he didn't write it he's just in
it as an actor briefly for some reason
he's one of the guys you know one of the
guys at the beginning oh that's funny
he's the one when they're on the plane
and they're on the helicopter that's
telling the story about the joke about
his wife's pussy black oh really yeah
oh that's funny that's great can I can I
preemptively do something here
of course good wrong but I remember I
walked up the Mandarin someone was was
on Twitter the other day talking about
the problems with Ironman 3 with me
because of course I really enjoyed it
and you know arguing through Twitter is
so is so efficient don't even do it it
would bother it's like how can you get
your it's a hundred and forty anyway
they may they made a mention that that
all of the suit swapping in Ironman
really it's clearly a bad movie because
all of the suit swapping takes away the
entire power fantasy of Ironman because
he can just so easily swap out suits
to which I replied Ironman is into power
fantasy he's not Superman
you don't like Ironman because he's a
big strong guy you like him because he's
really smart and can build things he's
clever
if you want a power fantasy you want
Captain America of for in those movies
and so it's just like maybe you don't
understand what you're watching that's
fine
anyway yeah Tony Stark's like an asshole
drunk yes supposed to be any sort of
like fantasy I wish I was that guy like
he never thinks herself Oh Iron Man so
strong yeah but if he's he's smart he's
smart that's the fantasy
is oh I want to be as clever as Tony
Stark yeah and I let's see where are ya
bitching I've heard about the suits at
the end is why didn't he do that earlier
cuz they were buried under all this shit
and he remember when he kept on checking
if to see if things were unburied and
then once they were he did it like that
and now fairness no one wants to be
Superman now either oh also alien 5 is
back on oh yeah I heard something about
that great I didn't know if there was
any validity to it or not but of course
just the thing that popped up because
yesterday was apparently alien day oh is
that the one the alien five said the one
by what's-his-face Neill Blomkamp yeah
that's gonna ignore three yeah ignore
three and four which I don't know I have
mixed feelings on that when sequels do
that when they're just like yeah we
didn't like these ones so we're just not
gonna acknowledge them not even not
acknowledge them we're gonna erase them
it makes you look like a big asshole
if you fail like Superman Returns yeah
yeah yeah well like isn't there way to
kind of have your cake and eat it too
where you maybe just don't mention them
or it takes place like like if you seen
Creed
I haven't yet and I really need treats
really great and it's acknowledges the
entire franchise even like the stupid
silly one where he fights the Russian
uh-huh like they find a way to work that
in without you know without it being
silly that's great like it acknowledges
it without dwelling on it but it doesn't
like try and ignore that this shitty
sequels you know didn't happen right the
blue blaze we probably won't do that
tonight but we have played enter the
gungeon on stream before I want to say
we dedicated an entire like five hours
to that game enter the gungeon
enter the gungeon the gun when are you
gonna play enter the Gungan
it's a Gungan googan gongoon let's see
here rich as a fan of documentaries have
you seen the hunting ground no do you
know what the hunting ground is that
heard of that one the title sounds
familiar
ok well then watch the hunting ground ok
shadow illy 5 says how much did space
cop really cost $12 well I mean you saw
that refrigerator full of hotdogs right
so you could imagine that's we had thug
money those work donations no but how
many packages the hotdogs are in their
refrigerator like I have no idea maybe
maybe 20 so that's like what $12 $13 12
$13 this one I'd say have you watched
the series comic book men on Netflix no
it's Kevin Smith's friends running a
comic store but he only intros and
outros each episode for some reason it's
super entertaining and relatable I think
I saw I saw one episode of it and I was
like all these people are boring and so
I didn't watch any bored yeah yeah that
doesn't and it felt like I know reality
TV like it's all staged but it felt more
stagey than most
so like Pawn Stars that's what that's
what it is it's Pawn Stars well it's
it's part of it's Pawn Stars because
people come in to the comic book store
and they're like how much would you you
know buy this
I don't work I can't stand Pawn Stars
it's so fake I've never watched it but
it Bernal departs of the show are like
that then the other parts are like the
wacky adventures that the you know the
the cow book store employees get into
you know it all just felt very stage II
and the the people were borings Pawn
Stars is all oh you just happen to come
into our store with this historically
interesting thing right when we just
happen to be filming now I'm going to
pretend to haggle with you about it and
if it's
thing really nice that you don't really
want to part with in real life you're
gonna turn our offer down because this
is all staged bullshit yeah I mean all
reality TV looks let's be let's be real
come on Stars hire somebody you could
fucking act we're gonna do that shit
it's the whole point of reality TVs you
don't have to hire actors yeah all
reality TV is 100% Pawn Stars that was
so scripted it's it hurts the product Oh
people don't care people watch hours
I've never seen it I love it
rich Jack rich when is the next board
game stream it has been a very long time
Jay keeping us no one's the next 70
dollar donation it's you know we'll try
a lot of times it's just being rich and
to two player board games free and
probably wouldn't be that exciting also
when we're playing a board game it's
really hard to pay attention to the chat
because you have to all pay attention to
the board game I think I think we had a
board game - I know but just had to be
an understanding that there's not gonna
be there's not gonna be yeah we're
definitely and I'm going to say this
absolutely going to do another Halloween
board game stream because right now I
have like 20 horror themed board games
go and I love them all and I just want
an excuse to play them more often so we
will definitely do a Halloween themed
board game stream but we'll fit one in I
swear I promise you
who knows when that's kid moment seventy
five dollar donation thing don't try I'm
not trying to move guys man you gave me
$70 we're not gonna have a board game
streamers you still give me $75 yes now
junkie that would include betrayal on
house on the hill which is one that I
love and that's coming out with an
expansion pack recently also what is it
called city of horror which is a zombie
game we played recently that's pretty
fun mysterium which is a spooky ghost
investigating
board game that's I don't know if it
would work well as a street but I just
think it's the most interesting board
game I've played in a long time and
Marvel legendary because it's a great
game it's not a horror but it could be I
guess we will get all the the horror
themed guys great okay let's see here
hey guys how do you feel about the
sudden death of international music
superstar papa when be on stage in the
Ivory Coast him in my case I don't know
who Papa Papa will be no idea never got
a couple letter are trying to saying I'm
sorry for my confusing question but you
all answered the question and gave more
than what I asked for
especially J so more money for you again
I'm sorry I apologize if he looked up
victor salva oh let's see here thrombus
the gore Lux has just wanted to say that
I'm a lifelong Ironman fan and I could
not give less of a shit about the
Mandarin twist he's not Tony Stark's
Joker Ironman is not and has never been
about the villains well there you there
you go yeah that's I think that's fair I
think that's a Marvel thing in general
ma you know Marvel Marvel has very
interesting heroes and not necessary we
talked about this a little bit ago they
don't have the greatest rogues gallery
Marvel all they got is Lloyd I disagree
with that but in the movies all I got
that's charismatic and interesting is
Loki well that's just Tommy Olsson well
that's yeah exactly but that's all I got
as far as memorable villains yep that's
why he comes back for every single bit
he's even a robot in Ultron
the Mandarin twist a popular dance craze
a while back I like that that was a fine
joke rich what's it heal AJ or everybody
what are you no no I'm just asking to
know what are your thoughts on asking me
either
you'll see me getting upset well they
know that I was being upset for both of
us hey J more I'm more upset that they
typed in or everybody like you would ask
J no no no they said everybody started
if you want to participate
I don't cuz it's J or everybody what if
I don't want to answer that's been built
up so much I don't even think you should
read the question too bad what are your
thoughts on 7 I rewatched it the other
day I forgot how great the atmosphere is
in the movie probably my favorite
Fincher film would you agree oh god I
love 7 it's not my favorite my favorite
zodiac but yeah it's a good movie
I love I mean yeah the atmosphere is
great Kevin Spacey's everyone's great
it's great movie yeah but I really loved
earlier me is the the captain or the
police chief or whatever he isn't that
I've seen in a while there's one part
when they're having a conversation - the
phone rings and just picks it out he
goes this isn't even my desk then he
hangs up nice little moment you see that
internet video that was going around a
while back or not a couple days ago
about a guy who really hates Kevin
Spacey know who hates Kevin Spacey it's
apparently this and I mean who knows if
it was effect but apparently this guy
hates Kevin Spacey and refuses to watch
Kevin Spacey's movies so his friends
constantly trick him into watching Kevin
Spacey movies and so they filmed him
while watching 7 where you know he
doesn't get
to be in the middle so she's very late
in the movie and I thought it was a
rather funny internet video that sounds
like it has to be fake because I can't
imagine anyone hating Kevin Spacey you
know that sounds about right
what's there to hate he's a great he's a
fine actor he's got a dry wit when you
see him in interviews he's charming you
see like he he constantly like people he
people catch him jogging on the street
and he posts he he poses for selfies
with he's a great guy
think that Kevin Spacey he's a good good
fella figured you could dude maybe I
liked that season 1 of the president
show he's in that's all I saw I still
haven't watched that I know David
Fincher he directed at least one episode
where he produces it right I think so
yeah
I mean it's Kevin Spacey he's great yeah
he does a whole thing where he talks to
the camera it's awesome jack is one of
your horror themed board games Arkham
Horror Call of Cthulhu or mansions of
madness if not get Call of Cthulhu do
you guys say Cthulhu or Cthulhu Cthulhu
cut the loop I said Cthulhu - I was
that's what it is
I I've heard two people separate from
each other while discussing it call call
it Cthulhu I've always heard it called
Cthulhu and it is th yeah yeah anyway I
have neither of those but I will look
into them because I'm always looking for
board games because I love them so much
uh have you guys seen an American movie
of course cores at the Milwaukee
premiere of American movie movie made
about walk well not about Milwaukee but
in Milwaukee we've made American movie
for anyone who has not seen it American
movie is a documentary about a man
trying to make a no budget feature film
and it is one of the best documentaries
about creating something with no money
yes ever ever in the history of
filmmaker
American movie is a must watch for
anyone who does anything in the creative
field
it's an insane movie it's hilarious it's
a lie I love it I love it uh-huh at the
premiere I didn't remember how I ended
up going to the premiere it was like
shortly after I moved to Milwaukee and I
don't think I even knew what the movie
was someone just said it's a movie that
was actually shot Milwaukee's is like
okay so he went and Mike shank who was
of course the the best friend in the
movie he sits down like two sins next to
me and I didn't know who you know he's
just the guy sit in the theater then the
movie starts and he's in it and I look
over as like oh it's that guy
but then after like ten minutes into the
movie to the big Milwaukee premiere
probably his first time seeing it he
gets up and he leaves the theater and
then he was just gone that was it I
don't know where he went I don't know
what happened he's just gone for the
rest of the movie
that's great he used to live near me too
oh no back in the old the old
garbowsky's apartment I would always see
him at the bus stop on the corner I I
disliked I disliked the local celebrity
that mark Borchardt has yes because I
don't much care for him I it's a great
documentary and I know there are people
that think he's like inspirational and
charming and funny or whatever but don't
completely agree when you look at
outside of just the movie you know but
you know yeah great movie great American
movie is a great movie and everyone
could see it
yeah I wasn't paying attention I got hit
oh just say he's an asshole it was cool
to know I don't think he's an asshole I
I know I know nothing of him okay no no
he's not an asshole but it was cool too
cuz I was I was going to UWM at the time
and so much of the especially towards
the end of that when he's editing kovin
he's doing it at the UWM you know
facilities the film department
facilities so like seen the entire
campus and seen the editing room and all
that was was pretty neat that's right
he's making a feature film called
kovin
and he doesn't wanna call it coven cuz
coven sounds like oven and that does
that just doesn't work and that's a real
thing that he says not that is not a
scripted line that is a real thing he
says in the documentary I'm calling it
Kovan because coven sounds like and
that's all you need to know about the
movie go fucking see it
I need to rewatch it a movie you know
what it is inspiring that movie is
inspiring because even that guy can make
a movie is well even that guy can make
that movie well he made it he made it
and he's been making a follow up movie
for like 12 years now Oh has he but
something like that yeah well the whole
thing was he was making kovin to sell
and use the money from Matt to make
North Western which was the movie he
really wanted that's right that's right
and and then his Uncle Bill died and
gave him you know an inheritance and
that money was supposed to go towards
Northwestern right Northwestern's never
been made but he was gonna make another
thing called scare me and that's just
never been finished for like 12 13 years
something like that I don't know but he
made Calvin and we got a great
documentary out of it the greatest the
greatest uh hey guys what
how did spacecab do compared to feeding
frenzy also will you do an independent
stay commentary for the sequel of this
summer well space cop does stuff in
space with the space gun and feeding
frenzy as far as I know does stuff like
mostly on earth this is true so that's
what they do differently that's what
they do different if you were to compare
the things they do
do you have the next commentary track in
mind I we've we talked about some things
but nothing set in stone
okay so we shall see great oh nice hint
wink wink I get it see now you know you
tip the hand too much right I know I
know it's gonna be now you see me
starring Jesse Eisenberg we'll see and
we'll be getting a sequel that like
magician heist movie now you see me with
Jesse Eisenberg that is getting a sequel
yeah what's the first one a big hit I
don't know anyone that's seen it or ever
talked about it ever nope somebody at
the studio liked it I guess they liked
it a whole lot they liked it a whole lot
hey guys can I could I intern with our
LM no I want to learn about filmmaking I
have experience with editing but none of
the rest of the filmmaking process
well fuck man go make a movie go make
stuff shit post it online but make it
you don't need to intern to make a movie
never first post your first thing online
no never
maybe your first 10 things don't post
online yeah yeah even if you think
they're pretty good just hold on to them
just hold off hold on to them nah man
just go make a movie you don't need it
you don't need an intern you don't need
you don't need to work for nobody just
go make some shit it's great
oh the real valent van is explaining
Cthulhu the actual sound may be taken as
something like Co Kalu who with the
first syllable pronounced gutturally and
very thick the you is about like that if
I'm not I'm like cool isn't the actual
story behind the name that he
deliberately picked something which
wasn't really pronounceable to make it
more alien so arguing about how to
pronounce it in itself is a little
strange
oh maybe maybe Coppola was Taconic
what's the proper way to pronounce
something you're not supposed to be able
to Flakoll barkal oh okay and he said
it's so it's supposed to be like the H
is supposed to be like guttural
thickness like you said like
unpronounceable like cough ah yeah but
everyone pronounces it like we do so
don't feel bad yeah thanks van yeah
Michelle says Cthulhu is pronounced to
Zak's key you're probably right
it was just weird just I guess what was
even weirder about two people separately
calling it Cthulhu
was the fact that I was having a
conversation about Cthulhu with two
separate people it just came up randomly
twice which don't don't fake it you need
to fake this is just what's happening
have you guys seen the film eyes pirates
starring Robert a little Rick when I was
a kid and strangely I don't remember a
thing that happens in it anymore yeah
I've actually never seen it I think we
have like three copies here they're
saying total best of the worst material
I'm sure it is amazing pirates who's uh
who's Robert Ulrich who's what Robert
Ulrich is the guy it's a nice pirates oh
okay that guy what would I know him from
I don't know you oh you don't know if
you related to Lars Ulrich oh no from
ice pirates I've never seen I'll look
him up cuz I probably know from
something the name sounds familiar but I
can't I can't picture it is that it is
it someone from ice pirates they're
saying what have you guys seen the film
ice pirates starring Robert Ulrich okay
I will look at all rich or all Rick who
ice parrots also has a young Ron
Perelman Oh Robert Urich
oh yeah Robert Urich he was like a TV
guy Spenser for hire that was his ha
yeah yeah that's right I don't know a
little before my time but I vaguely
remember it
I remember Spenser for hire Erin old man
not before my time but when I was very
little Rose not really paying attention
to TV yet
oh well as he also anonymous spelt it
with an L Ulrich
okay and it is uric uric Rob Robert
Urich sounds way more familiar yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah hey there oh man Fargo
Oh Fargo you're hilarious
I want to watch the movie I was thinking
about it the other day I haven't seen it
in a while we do we just rewashed it
because you know the TV show it's a
perfect movie yes that's that's the one
I would put on the list of completely
perfect movies absolutely absolutely
it's just it's so simple it's just so
minimal everything about it just works
yep
it's great Fargo is a perfect movie hey
guys but you ever think about playing
sieve five together on stream or with
the community never used to be a part of
any community we've never thought about
it probably Sarah Lee our type of game I
think that could be fun like playing a
civilization game it might be my attempt
again were you uh you know build up
Ghandi crush you specially yourself Jack
I speak only for yourself it might be
well I was I was saying my network for
the stream okay well that's different
but it could be fun if yeah I guess it
could be anyone anything's possible also
do you guys go to Brewer games at all to
tailgate if I bring the Spotted Cow will
you show up I'm a White Sox fan but I've
gone to a few Brewers games with Karen
just because you know they're a baseball
team in town now and it's a good stadium
yeah that was an era yeah it's got the
dome Rizzy think you're going you
sitting you're watching baseball game
what do you want
the domes all broken though Elizabeth it
leaks oh really
they have to like the people who work
there have to like stand with buckets
when it rain oh Jesus like it's a it's a
horrible mess no yeah well I'm not going
back there that ever never I'm not going
to a place with a faulty dome
I've been tailgating before I don't care
about sailing yeah me neither
oh I love it you sit and you drink and
eat food and it's terrible and everyone
has oh but you know everyone doesn't
like it's it's like a it's like a giant
party but then you have to watch a dumb
baseball the word sport it's just the
worst part there are long periods in
which absolutely nothing happens that's
when you sit back and enjoy your hotdog
that so that kills two minutes out of a
hundred baseball has found the perfect
balance between excitement and
relaxation you because something can
happen at any moment
that's true but it never happens so fast
you can't fucking keep track of going on
baseball of all the sports it might be
the boringest I'm a heavy basketball I
hate basketball
yeah basketball is fine already got
bounced the ball fuck I don't watch
games on TV but occasionally I'll go to
a game that's fun Jackson fucking
asshole I will not apologize for my
hatred of baseball
it's a dumb sport
but you know you gotta get a thing you
drink in the morning you drink in the
morning and Chan has a good point there
saying golf oh yeah oh yeah golf's
pretty boring I don't even consider that
a sport like golf is more of like a
leisure activity you know it takes skill
though of course oh yeah does but it
like I saw someone mentioned fishing as
a sport like sure fishing is technically
a sport but that I also consider a
leisure activity yeah that definitely
more so than golf and it's like any time
I've been golfing that never has it been
like about the actual you just walk you
hit a ball and then you walk yeah and
then you hit a ball walk
I used to golf regularly which is a
weird thing to say cuz I'm not that old
mini-golf is better it was great because
there's obstacles and windmills
windmills there's waterfalls those make
everything better and everyone knows
that yes absolutely you know what Jeff I
used to know of a mini golf place stump
in Chicago indoor mini golf place
trippy place looks like black lights and
whatnot but during Halloween they would
have like hire people to dress up like
zombies just to walk around the course
that's fun it's fun so I guess the moral
of the story
sorry boobity bibbidi bobbidi him is a
boopity boopity is you probably won't
see us tailgating but if you see us out
you can buy jri a beer cuz we drink beer
don't buy richer beer as he just won't
know what I mean he'll know what to do
with it just don't do it won't do
anything
it'll be wasting your money you know you
know buy him a beer and then he'll give
it back to you so I guess you'll have
two beers and that might be good loner
art John says I looked up victor salva
oh he's a creep I now think shoemaker
isn't that bad
yeah also I kind of want my money back
but whatever listen Jay said look him up
at your own at your own peril just
realize that's part of one of those
giant skulls oh yeah this game is
beautiful just beautiful looking shadow
Elite five has apparently a very
important question
can I be your maid no no now you can
help I'm sorry to answer for everyone
but yeah no that's right okay great
you want money I mean no matter what the
answer's no I
okay well shadows
you can reach rich at his new twitter
twitter handle at I want that juicy
shaker's I know I just made my tongue
stopped working occasionally someone
will tweet at us and it won't just be
like aunt red letter media they'll tweet
like at runner media and Jay balm and
like you were 10 sometimes and there
there is an aunt rich Evans on Twitter
and occasionally that gets attached and
it's just some random guy and it happens
frequently enough where he's probably
like what the fuck again cuz he has
nothing to do with any of this these
weirdest - is it a troll I mean is it a
fake me though no no it's just some guy
that has the name rich Evans
so his Twitter profile is not that rich
Evan I don't know if people just like
don't they just dad at rich Evans not
knowing who it is sure that maybe it'll
be rich history just cuz I'm not gonna
do it I'm certainly not gonna fuckin do
it should just make a rich Evans Twitter
account for what purpose though we doubt
stupid things I say every now and then
well then you make the rich ever doing
this I barely use my Twitter you think
of it as yours
let's see here Jack and rich or the
other guy Susan whatever you should
watch cricket the sport games range from
12 hours to 5 days long it's like golf
and baseball times 100 it's great there
was a period there's a period of time in
which I went on the internet and tried
to figure out cricket you got to
understand what a crumpet is to get
cricket I know what a crumpet is it's
like a sweetness line from Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles oh it was original
motion picture oh I do not know that I
understand what a crumpet is don't know
that line from Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles I'm sorry I watch that movie
every day after school as a child watch
that movie a lot I've watched it
recently with with my children but you
know it's just like it yeah that's one I
was curious if it would hold up with
kids now oh yeah there's enough
shenanigans to keep them through the
boring times they got worried when when
Raphael got hurt that gets intense yeah
he's passed out and they put him in the
bathtub in the farmhouse shit gets
intense but then they really liked it
that April and me I was making drawings
of them they thought that was ok it's
all straight from the comics yeah except
it wasn't Raphael it was Leo oh nothing
out of the farmhouse and she does the
sketches and stuff yep oh that's that's
neat I don't remember what the sketches
look like I'm assuming they got Eastman
and Laird to do her sketches in the
movie yeah I'm assuming I think I think
that's the case that'd be cool but I
took some time and like I tried to find
YouTube videos and I tried five like why
did you do this
just like in my head it was like cricket
is a popular sport like I understand the
rules of baseball and the footballs and
soccer but like I don't care about it
but it's like people watch cricket maybe
I'm a cricket kind of guy I don't know
there's this whole world of cricket
watchers jay and we don't
nothing about it it's true and I still
could not figure it out
I took some time let's see here jack
rich have you guys seen The Killing Joke
trailer there's a trailer for the new
Killing Joke I saw some kind of footage
from ride oh that was the official
trailer but ok it'll it'll come out
sooner or later
rich is already sold on it he doesn't
need to say don't really I don't draw at
the mouth for things and Men adults
what's the animation style like like
what's the look of it I haven't seen
I've seen anything for it I I believe
it's it's a more stylized version of
like Batman the Animated Series so it's
gonna be very you know very deep black I
don't remember it looking that much like
Batman the Animated Series visually you
don't maybe eyes maybe I'm looking at
the wrong thing I'll look it up again
Jack I'm looking it up I heard darker
sure but otherwise Oh No
hold on Batman Batman tez has this whole
minimalist thing going on and this yeah
that's what I thought I saw deco vibe I
don't I don't think The Killing Joke has
that oh oh that looks ugly
I hope that's not in so what you're
saying is you haven't seen the trailer
apparently not just the trail no this is
a Western this is an ad kill the ad
first and then I'm getting there oh
here's the trail we're watching the
children everybody looks fine
you saw what I see that looks ugly
whoops at this before
Oh God
Oh yuck The Joker looks terrible no
Joker looks awful that's what yeah I saw
that still
you know I think it looks fine
rich is a Killing Joke apologist is a
abject
I think it looks ugly it looks ugly and
it looks like you're considering the
dark subject matter of that story it
looks too much like a kid's cartoon like
a cheap kids like a cheat yeah like the
animation looks cheap the movement and
stuff looks cheap
rich really likes the The Killing Joke
story and so he's gonna apologize I
think they're trying to keep it to look
like the kind of problem here's the
thing though you get Mark Hamill and you
get Kevin Conroy you just you just you
just do something else do you listen to
it like a radio play all we really want
is to hear Mark Hamill do that
performance probably really that's true
and that's that's very true it's just it
doesn't look great
I mean needs more frames our Star Wars
movie makes him fall off another cliff
oh well so they are live reaction Jay
have you seen the 1964 film failsafe no
there you go it's the movie if I'm
remembering it right is that the movie
that dr. Strangelove is based off darker
in tone than dr. Strangelove same a
theme but in my opinion a better story
noface parody so it's a drama fail-safe
V Byrne says from Shanghai with love
thanks red letter media for being the
best thing on the Internet
YouTube is blocked in China but I bought
a VPN just to watch you guys like
nothing else worth watching on YouTube
well thanks B burn thank you you're are
you being illegal by watching red letter
media watching internet film critics for
watching a fat man say I want juicy
Schekman thank you sure was carried out
immediately after the guards were mostly
confused
yes Thank You frosty soon as The Killing
Joke looks like a Newgrounds movie yes
it looks like one of those like how it
should have ended cartoon parodies the
animation looks adequate I only care
about the voice-over I know I know all I
care about
I hear you and I use it looks like
Batman and the Joker they don't look
like anime characters like like like
weird bubbles are appearing over the
head like what are they doing the Teen
Titans they make the goofy faces yeah
it's fun they do the goofs it's fun when
they do that they're not doing whatever
sudden they get the big head when
they're screaming is neat you know what
there's some style that's some style if
you guys do sunless sea and do your
funny voices can Sonny bombs please be
the captain of the boat I know rich
thinks it makes him a terrible person
but those things are those are things we
do for art but had to be thematically
appropriate Sonny bonds works because
Sonny bonds is a fascist cop it works
for the character right absolutely
absolutely but yeah I've heard good
things about sunless sea and it's on our
list of things to play we chose this
tonight just because we knew Jay was
gonna be here and this is a nice thing
to play while we can jibber something
let's see I think would take a little
more concentration doo doo doo doo
J did you film any behind-the-scenes
making-of the plinky toe board
people are wondering um I think we did I
don't think so
I was always here alone doing that shit
for the most part oh yeah I think we
were working on other stuff at the time
um there might be a little bit of it I
think Mike Mike Mike might have filmed
saw might if I look through the people
on it here's a fun fact it had to be
remade
yeah original the original design was
too fucking heavy
well you with Mike when you bought the
materials for that uh who who bought
them really we wouldn't want the
materials and I think we just weren't
thinking about when they were all
assembled how heavy it all got because
they instead of buying like one sheet of
4x8 plywood
mikage a bought for 4x4 extremely heavy
wooden chunks I think there was a reason
for that and I don't remember they
seemed pretty smooth I'm assuming that
was your reasoning I don't think it was
that no there was a reason we wanted in
four sections but I could not tell you
what it was why would you ever want
something like that in four sections you
have to make into a smooth surface I
don't remember I don't remember where
logic was and so these things were heavy
to begin with and so I just had to start
slapping wood on the back to reinforce
it all mm-hmm so these four sections
wouldn't come apart because they're
really heavy so I had to use a lot of
wood which just made the whole thing
even heavier it was so heavy and then by
the time I did that and put the pegs in
I went as far as like putting the pegs
in and painting it that I painted yeah I
painted it I think right next I put the
payoff hated yeah I would have been
painted first and then when we went to
me and Jamie want to lift it put it up
on the stand I build for it we couldn't
get it up on it was too heavy too heavy
to lift up I mean we could lift it like
off the ground but to lift it ups and
you know at the right angle and lift it
onto the stand it wasn't happening for
stand I made like I didn't think it was
gonna take the weight we don't wake up
Mike what do you think we gotta get rid
of Mike I gotta be fine and we all tried
we still can't get it up
The Stand was still be able to be reused
which that was the more complex piece
the actual front of the board is is not
that complicated
now-now-now yeah
the stand is great though thank you
it's basically just sitting on a giant
easel hmm yeah yeah you can't even see
that I guess you just see the front of
the board and the the sides on this
version they're just insulation foam
hanging off of a four by eight chunk of
plywood they look great yeah I think it
looks good on camera you can't really
tell that's where I came from and mmm
let's see here would you rather only be
able to watch five movies a year
randomly selected from all theatrical
releases or one movie of your choice
every two years one movie of my choice
every two years in the theaters can we
watch these things later on video well
well you can watch them wherever you
want but you have to choose between you
know one of your choice so it could be
anything or randomly selected theatrical
release you could watch it at home but
it has to be ever so I don't watch oh
okay so I can't watch anything at home
either no you can't oh well no no yeah
oh these are the only movies you can
watch what about what about more than a
year after the fact can i rewatch the
stuff but then that's your one movie the
only movies you can watch are either
five randomly selected movies that's all
that's in a year well so that's randomly
selected between any movie ever made
it's all gonna be garbage well within
the year I assume a movie that came out
that year yeah they're saying okay so
all the movies that came out in 2015
randomly select five theatrical release
in in 2016 what I'm saying is can i
watch any 2015 movie I want yeah what's
the logistics these are very important
questions if you want to answer this
very yes
serious question yeah I mean when they
say one movie of your choosing do they
mean one movie from that year yeah as
well or just any movie ever because then
you're never watching any movies for
those five and it might suck yeah hmm
interesting
Nico :
my boys call me Dad Nico :
well that makes sense had a list of
questions and things they call me dad
mostly because I'm their dad but Jay
what are your thoughts on raising film
funds through cour crowd-sourced funding
crowdfunding sourcing sites do you feel
these sites are fair to both filmmakers
and the people who invest it depends on
the campaign sometimes it might be
somebody who legitimately needs fun 19 I
even just films but any Kickstarter type
thing yeah might need funds legitimate
need funds to do what they want to do on
or sometimes it's just somebody who has
the money and they're just trying to
build much as I can yeah it's it's been
abused so much and like everybody does a
Kickstarter for everything and it's kind
of devalued it I don't know I have
really mixed feelings about the whole
thing I think I don't want that one hand
if you if you're having so much trouble
raising funds for your project that you
have to resort to Kickstarter then maybe
there's not enough interest in the
project to make it in the first place I
think that's a factor a lot of times
could be yeah I don't know it's it's
it's complicated and I've seen some
stuff funded on Kickstarter that turned
out really great but then you just see
so many people abusing it - mm-hmm yeah
you know it's
this was a Kickstarter I think oh yeah I
think so well you know a lot of games
are going well I don't know much about
cuz I know you you follow video game
Kickstarter type stuff I don't really
follow these things I surely Jack does I
do
oh yeah Jack yeah I don't know anything
about like video game stuff on none
Kickstarter it's pretty much the same
and you know like uh you do have to be
really cautious about your wording
because a lot of people do say they
invest in Kickstarter's and invest is
not a wholly accurate word because
investment usually means anything aside
from whatever the perks are exactly well
investment means like you you have like
a stake in something you write something
and that's not exactly what's happening
here
no the but kind of like an invest it's
not at all what's happening well but
kind of like investing your investment
could fail and so it's like a mixture
between a pre-order and an investment
where you are pre-ordering something but
that pre-order isn't guaranteed to come
through sure or if it does come through
it might not be the thing promised and
so in that way it is kind of like
investing but you in no way have any
stake or ownership in this thing yeah I
know that was a huge thing when when the
oculus rift sold to Facebook because
that was a kick started you know virtual
reality helmet yeah and then all the
Kickstarter backers started freaking out
like hey we gave you money for this and
now you're selling it of course they
hire you can do what they want you gave
him the money sucker yeah they can do it
they won't and it works really well in
some situations and not so well here's
my question for that were they people
who donate to that Kickstarter I'm
assuming that we're getting an oculus
yeah through the Kickstarter they said
were they still getting around yes
exactly that the fuck up exactly they
got what they were promised but that's
this is what I'm saying is you have to
be really careful about using that
investing word because you don't own an
oculus you you're gonna get the thing
you paid for I'm curious about something
yeah yeah would Facebook have been
legally obligated to give it to them
Facebook wouldn't have but the oculus
people still would have been yeah yeah
yeah
what is the legality event of the I'm
sure I'm sure there's some sort of I've
never kicked I've never started a
Kickstarter but I can only assume
there's some sort of legalese when you
create a Kickstarter that you in full
faith intend to live up to your end of
the bargain what's what's the difference
between all right I'm gonna start a
Kickstarter to make this game okay I
make the game then they don't give you
the game
yeah as Moses I'm gonna start this
Kickstarter to make the game and then
they just don't make the game in either
case you don't get the game wait I'm
sorry I say the same thing twice
you start Kickstarter to make a game
yeah one option one one way this goes is
they actually make the game they do make
the game that's just whatever stupid
reason this and you know what I'm not
gonna give you that game you're gonna
have to pay pay full price again and
they just did his own give you the game
from the Kickstarter nation that's one
thing that happens or you give the
people the Kickstarter money right to
make the game and then they just don't
make the game at all well and that has
happened a couple times and people who
have been thought to cheat the system by
like say not making the game at all
they've you know been sued and had you
know Kickstarter has gone after them for
the money to return to cuz you can
figured you could make the argument that
the person who donated to the
Kickstarter and didn't get anything cuz
they didn't make the game why don't they
get anything I don't know I'm not making
any sense you're not making any sense I
think you have if if the if the
kickstart II doesn't live up to their
end of the bargain you do have legal
recent resources I think I think what
I'm getting at is is is Kickstarter a
legally binding contract can you make
whatever fucking promises you want on
Kickstarter and no matter what you get
can you just fail the deliver and they
can't do anything no they can do stuff
okay and and stuff has been done legal
why League legality wise
no one can talk
it worked you know like it works well
for little ideas and unfortunately it
requires some trust it requires some
trust but it can work out the for
example the darksouls board game
Kickstarter these these people wanted to
make a board game based off of a popular
video game franchise and even have our
talking with the video game makers to
kind of make it official another
kick-started it you know because they
weren't sure if anyone was interested
and I get two emails a day from these
people because they keep meeting stretch
goals like I want to say their original
goal funding was something like fifty
thousand dollars they made a million in
the first day yes and now it's like okay
our next stretch goal is at a million
two hundred fifty thousand made it in
another hour
okay our next goal is that 1.5 million
made it in the next hour Wow
it's insane and you know that's great
and and all of the stretch goals they're
being really great Kickstarter's because
they're saying anyone who who's already
paid for it you get all the stretch
goals and everything you get without
paying anything extra and sagu that's
fun but there's so there's good and bad
and everything and you can say that
about just regular business people
that's true there are shysters and there
are good business people we had any
updates and strife you know what I just
did get an update on strafe today how
weird that you would say that Oh
probably because we're talking about
Kingston Ohno but I just got an email
earlier today and I didn't read it oh
and another update from the Dark Souls
which meet met another stretch goal
yes here's an update by strafe just this
evening
let's see what happened is straight
hold on I feel that we need to make a
change to strafe doo doo doo - Doo Wow
yep yep yep this might not be good
I have no this is way too long they're
still working on it is the point Jack I
remember you saying Mad Max fury road
didn't look good ahead of its release
did you know you're remembering
incorrectly someone on the internet said
that you said that which means it's true
Jetta no fury road was one of the few
times I got hyped about something yeah
yeah I don't think I had any feelings
about it before it came out and it's a
great movie I don't remember saying
anything negative about it no I don't
remember you said anything negative
about it and we would have talked about
it probably's I mean it's not to say
that that didn't happen but I remember
it so yeah I like fury road I like it a
lot it's a fine movie do you like it
enough uh you know what I haven't liked
it enough to see it again and I really
want to watch it again it upsets me that
I have not seen it since the theater
it's a theater I have not seen it since
the thing it's worth re-watch Jack the
strafe update is basically that they are
shortening wait wait don't go away don't
go away explain it to me and in short
term they're shortening a run of the
game from two hours to one hours because
it flows better that way pretty much the
same amount of content purely a design
choice oh great so it'll take one hour
to complete is what we're saying
yeah but it's a roguelike and so you
know you need to play it many many times
I literally just listened to the podcast
where Jack said fury road looked mad
like 30 minutes before this stream
started what podcast what podcasts delay
me there's a prereqs it could be a pre
rut I might have said Matt like if you
said it looks Matt that means you think
it looks terrible that's what that means
Jack maybe what you can think a trailer
it looks mess and you could see the
movie it would be like oh I was wrong
also man means nothing
Matt means not good not bad just mad
maybe you don't know what Matt means and
you know that's a that's a Simpsons work
maybe it's a regional thing maybe it's
man being something different in
different Oh sure that could be it Matt
some places means man that's son Matt is
the perfect is the perfect word I love
like I have no no strong feelings in any
direction that's what Matt means you're
right I said I hate the movie and you're
right you're right guys all right you
know what's up you should be ashamed I
should be I should I hate it and you
know what I hated it when it came out -
it sucked oh man that was such a bad
movie unbelievable is what it was that
was my real problem just you know how
could he survive in the front of the car
for so long he'd have to be breathing in
sand for unrealistic that's what I hated
the most about Mad Max fury road there's
one thing I want for my escapist fantasy
films its realism absolutely
I got with a coke says yeah J ever have
ever have to watch a film for school and
we're glad you did I don't think we ever
watched films in school like high school
well obviously we watched films it feels
cool so I don't know what you mean
okay great my three fave were breathless
seconds and battle for Algiers okay so
you're saying like in film school like
movies like I watched and then was glad
that I did yeah we watched a bunch of
fuckin experimental stuff I liked
wavelength that was that was the weird
thing is we watched all these
experimental things and and I hated so
many of them but the ones I actually
liked the rest of the class didn't like
almost almost every time that's so I
know what I remember
and it's not like intentional like I'm
not trying to be you know a contrarian
or whatever but it just happened to work
out that way like wavelength was one
which is how long is that movie like
fifty minutes or something okay and it
starts on one side of a room it's one
shot and just very slowly zooms across
the room which sounds like the most
miserable thing and leading up to it I
was like oh no like they were talking
about it for days ahead of time yeah I
was like this is gonna be the most
miserable thing and then I ended up
really liking it and almost nobody else
did because there's weird little things
that would happen in the room as the the
zoom was happening but I had that I
enjoyed and no one else like that hmm so
I liked wavelength but that I don't
remember a lot of them anymore that
sounds like it would they would show in
a film school yeah absolutely
anonymous would like to know if you
would ever kickstart one of your
projects probably not very very unlikely
rich would you ever kick start a project
no great I wouldn't have a project I'm
too far
there you go let's see here now it says
I notified the Shanghai People's Army
Armed Police of the
counter-revolutionary using the VPN
thanks prereq with the reward money i
can finally escape the iPhone Factory oh
it's true the slave labor anonymous says
all this time I haven't been working on
my next book I've eaten the most secret
spinach and tuna meals the most secret
anybody good they can say what they want
great though you're right you tip less
you say what you want apparently there's
there's no prerequisite that it needs to
make sense that's true you're right the
absolutely free rack madam look Jay have
you seen the 1997 film Titanic I saw it
once on home video
the only other side I still have not
seen it no no I have waited in theaters
because they're always talking about an
arrow star maleo and all the stupid
girls in my class yeah yeah and I was
like I don't care and then we had it on
VHS once it finally came out on video
it's a one last movie the two VHS that
you can find in every thrift store yep
and so I watched it just because I was
bored one afternoon okay there you go
and that's that's the only time I've
ever seen it someone is very desperate
to get my attention so I can ask you a
question Jay and I'm almost tempted not
to any beg for attention it's like you
don't give it's like four asterisks than
Jack and all caps and then five
asterisks and just to ask you a question
it's like yeah maybe yeah that's enough
to get my don't do it Jay what do you
think I mean they were they've been
trying to ask the question and now they
they're determined the questions quality
is it a quality question Jack it could
be it could lead to an interesting movie
discussion don't do it okay
wow what a flip flopper yeah rich Evans
get out of here flip-flopper Jay have
you seen a girl walks home alone at
night
no I was terrible I'm so sorry to
disappoint you I want to see it I just
haven't seen it yet so sometimes we
don't read questions for a reason to say
about it I have not seen it I want to
watch it I just haven't so there you go
and you know it's like a lot of Jay
questions is Jay have you seen this
movie and so yeah the reason I don't ask
a lot of this is because sometimes it
ends up like that and then we then we're
stuck here just silence is deafening hey
guys Close Encounters of the Third Kind
one of the greatest cerebral sci-fi
films of all time pretty good I really
like Close Encounters I like it a lot I
haven't seen it in a long long time I
don't know like house cerebral I would
consider it
Spielberg Ian it's well Spielberg has
never been in that cerebral right right
so but it's a very good it makes quality
movies yeah yes very good yeah but uh
I've never cared for ET no me neither
everybody everybody loves that movie and
I didn't grow up with it so that might
factor in cuz I know most people saw it
when they're little kids and it affected
them I didn't see it so a little bit
later and it always seemed kind of
creepy to me that's kind of what I liked
about it it's supposed to be crazy
it seems very close to being the avatar
of its day yeah I could see that I think
it stood the test of time more than
avatar were they
you forgot an avatar baby that often
you've got a classic I think people
think of ET is a classic do they love it
I know people that love that movie yeah
I think most people love that movie yeah
it's fine movie I don't know what like
it's mean it's well-made it's fine III
don't know it's it's just never like I
never felt you never got emotionally
could never get emotionally connected to
the bond between DC and Elliot no oh
okay I don't know and then like when
he's dying and stuff I never felt
anything maybe this says more about me
than it does I'm not gonna say ET is I'm
not gonna even say ET is a classic but I
think it's fine moving it's okay but I
just I never connected with me the way
it seems to do with a lot of people no
but I think I think that does have a lot
to do with what age you see it probably
you see that as a kid you get a creepy
weird alien friend that is your life I
think the fact that the story is so
simple is a problem for me too it's
later kid finds alien government wants
an alien yeah they gotta get the alien
home yeah but it's a kid - movie I know
I know but it's everything that's it's
it's really simple
yeah absolutely is it is it a
contradiction that avatar is best
remembered for how unremembered it is
it's a beautiful contradiction how about
that okay
hopefully if every if everything is
right in the world that's the only thing
it will be remembered for a little bit
remembered for the four awful sequels
the four flops that would be kind of
hilarious cuz he's I think he's shooting
them all at once right
like that gets you damn all like back to
back to back to back
cuz it's four of them right yeah yeah
yeah first one just come and the first
one just bombs we spent all this time
all this money and then it just flops
like block we got three more every great
can weary adit them into what I know we
can treated them into one shit
shit what if the first sequel is great
what if he's got some grand idea that
improves on the original and avatar will
suddenly be memorable but I see no
reason to believe that will happen yeah
I mean you never know mm-hmm because
that kind of happened with the Matrix
sequels so it's like the the second the
second movie comes out and people are
like oh and then the third one comes out
they're like wow I guess I got to get it
over with
nobody was excited for that third I
didn't even feel I need to see the third
I remember why I saw it but it wasn't
because I wanted to go see it yeah
exactly that's I saw it just kind of
like well I guess you see it you see it
to finish it yeah I'll finish it all
right ya know those Matrix sequels
I might not I don't remember if I even
saw that in the theater the third one
actually I'm trying to remember I can't
remember where I saw it
mmm yep yeah I only saw it the one time
in the theater yeah sure honey coca-cola
says hey Jay rich and Jack just wanted
to send a tip and thank you guys for so
many hours of our LM Thank You Daymond
hey thank you very much oh my god
Nick hey guys if you could resurrect a
dead actor to be featured in an RL and
production Orson Welles Oh
would you say Cameron Mitchell Cameron
Mitchell ooh
Cameron Mitchell or Orson Welles and
there you have it by the way that you
your two conversation right here
embodies perfectly an actor most known
for how horrible and drunky is now
that's kind of Orson Welles towards the
end ooh well sure or the man who
single-handedly we had one of the
greatest influence on modern day
filmmaking I can't decide but I can't
decide let's flip a coin and we got
Scott Baio I don't know how he got Scott
there but he's still is he technically
does he still laugh I have just no look
up Scott BAM it was it was just the
weirdest reference I could pull out to
make the joke work hoping for that
Joanie Loves Chachi revival right he's
all eyes days yeah he's alive he's only
55 oh he's on a TV show what a
Nickelodeon TV show called see Dad run
see the dad he must be the dad of course
beanie on shirts oh and of course he was
unrest of development but that was a
while ago now here's these Rob blah blah
blah blah that was close to 10 years ago
now all right absolutely absolutely
blah blah blah blah blah oh it's the
same Freud I missed the rest of your tip
okay hold on who would it be
oh sorry and what would you
make in this scenario they would be
giving their best performance no matter
what so so we have Orson Welles
yeah and we have Cameron Mitchell now
name your dream project with Orson
Welles and Cameron Mitchell together in
the same movie well we can only pick one
though right
oh sure I suppose so so rich here's your
here's your opportunity you have to
pitch the movie and if your movie pitch
wins we can resurrect Cameron Mitchell
and Jay you pitch a movie and if yours
wins we can I can't do a period well
just put them both a commercial about
peace I'd have them both at their oldest
and drunkest okay I will in either case
either actor I would want to do a
shot-for-shot remake of Citizen Kane
with either fat bloated Orson Welles
would be the project
great first of all making million bucks
yes only a million are you kidding me
make it make a trillion bucks let's see
here
hey J how much equity share in red
letter media does this tip buy me and
what is the company strategy for an exit
0.0% there you go and our strategy for
exit is usually to leave through the
door sometimes we leave through the
other door
but frontally drug overdose well in your
case who's ever asking the question just
close your browser that's your strategy
for a movie that's pretty good one
strategy how how do we think our ulema
is gonna end in a horrible disaster
heart attack on the toilet for me that'd
be weird if it happened to all of us
it's like like
at the same time yeah the Taco Bell now
we'll be filming something very dumb but
something was very wrong
offended one too many people do you guys
like alejandra Jared ow ski movies
Jodorowsky jodorowsky Jodorowsky
generous I'm trying to pronounce several
different ways um I do I'm probably the
only one I know Mike hates El Topo he
hates El Topo I like El Topo but I like
the holy mountain more I still haven't
seen I have the blu-ray of his most
recent movie but I haven't watched it
yet the dance of reality and I like
Santa Sangre quite a bit wow it's pretty
much all of his movies he only made a
few so yes Jay likes mom I do I do
I'd like the holy mountain a lot I
actually got to see a 35-millimeter
print of the holy mountain a few years
ago which was neat come from here I
think I came from mm-hmm so what so what
nervous the only might already group
that nobody gives a shit about you can
say anything offensive about nerves
nobody really cares look at the big bang
there they're nerds are no longer
there's a minority group nerds are the
everything happy everyone there's
something nerdy nerd is the new thing
everyone is nerdy about something you
can but then they call other people that
are into something different than they
are those are the real nerds so it's
just nerds calling other nerds nerds yes
nerd on nerd violence weird violence I
find Revenge of the Nerds to be highly
offensive well that's because of all the
rain highly offensive technically
there's only one rape sure and then some
some other sex crimes but only one ray
there's only one real that's a real
shame I was thinking about that recently
cuz I loved that movie when I was
younger oh sure sure younger there's a
lot of heart in that movie like there
seems to be a genuine affection for
those characters yeah and I like that
their frat is so inclusive yeah like
it's not just one type of nerd
but you have like the you know there's
the the gay guy who's kind of an outcast
and then booger isn't a nerd at all he's
just like gross and weird yeah like it's
very like that's good but then man
our main character just rapes a woman
just just straight and uh and they spy
on naked women and take photos of them
and distribute them to people and take
their underpants and and just just
straight-up rape someone yeah she has no
idea that she's having sex with him
right it's such a shame this is really a
movie is so good hearted and then
there's that agree which I guess seemed
more innocent eh no it was no whimsical
rape riot it was it was it was
light-hearted and you know back in the
good old 80s where rape was okay because
she enjoyed it exactly you know and all
she learned that nerds are great lovers
exactly you know if you have to trick
them into having sex with you that's
just what you got to do right they'll
like it eventually as long as they like
it that was that was the actual moral of
the story it's okay as long as she liked
him me slapping my forehead for the love
of God now that Jay is here please ask
him if he's seen the witch no good I
haven't seen the wish yet I want to
great I missed in theaters i watch it
when it's on VOD and a couple weeks ago
regarding Close Encounters I see
cerebral in the sense that music is used
to communicate with an alien race and
that the film suggests music or at least
musical tones are a universal language
it's not really Suri
yeah I don't really think that's
cerebral I think that's just like a
stick sure whatever you say okay sure
sure that's not my kid it would have
been it would have been cerebral if
musical themes were used throughout the
movie like let's say like musical cues
were
used to help mr. Holland richard.reimers
I forgot this i forgot his name for a
moment it's like a hotel mr. Holland
like if musical Keys helped richard
dreyfuss like understand the purpose
then it would have been like an
overarching theme then you could have
called it a little more cerebro button
music rate I don't know maybe musical
themes did play an overarching role but
I'm not remembering I haven't seen that
movie in so long I don't think so
it's a neat movie and I think I think
it's cool I like I like I like the idea
you know they talk about uh you know
because it was like a hundred different
people got like infected and needed to
go to the mountain and I liked there
they're like sperm analogy where like we
send so many in you know just the one
will make it that was mean it's a great
movie hey J says anonymous I was at B
Fest this year and watching roar in that
room was a truly magical experience that
was amazing
definitely going back next year thanks
for the half in the bag episode about it
I I immediately when I got home I bought
the blu-ray of roar and I was like I
need to introduce this to as many people
that I know as possible haven't we
watched it we will eventually well let
someone borrow the blu-ray and I haven't
gotten it back ah jerk yeah yeah that
was was it rich it wasn't right okay
good I wouldn't be asking about I didn't
maybe that was the thing why haven't you
given it back it rich and you know I
forgot that I borrow that's why I
haven't seen it oh I know batteries not
included
it's not as good as you remember it and
then just showed up on Netflix I was
curious to why I think I don't think
I've seen that since the theater when I
was pretty young when it was in the
theater but I think my parents took me
or something it's really cute and it's
not as good as you remember it but it's
really cute I don't remember it being
especially great but I was little I
really like the lighting here when I was
little but you watching down you go
but it is cute everybody's good
maybe I'll rewatch it while it's on
Netflix you should I mean some Netflix
do you guys did you guys see the leaked
airport fight scene from Civil War no no
no cuz you know why I'm gonna tell see
if I'd rather see the movie like why
watch it end of YouTube video when it's
like there's big as your thumb and you
can see it in the movie theater is -
this big is your house
I heard the latest x-men trailer is very
spoilery so I've avoided it I haven't
watched it I heard it's very spoilery I
have not seen it here's what I heard
they announced that they were gonna
reveal someone in the movie who you
might not have known was in the movie
okay they were gonna reveal and a mutant
that was in the movie and I said to
myself it's gonna be fucking Wolverine
and I haven't and I haven't seen the
trailer yet Oh guys here just assuming
it's Wolverine but I bet my fucking life
it's Volvo Oh Oh surprise surprise
Wolverines in an x-men movie fuck you
Chad I don't know what I'm doing right
now I'm looking for something I've
missed
guys myself loss I haven't done this
section in a while but it's like the
fact that they would try to tease that
is like oh I didn't even know they were
doing that I ain't heard they they were
there but tomorrow we're dropping a
trailer it's gonna be hot new mutant you
didn't know who's in there is it a he we
it's fucking wolf or shut up
what if it's Aquaman Murphy comes
swimming out and looks right at the
camera and says I'm a mutant that was a
great reveal I'm a mutant you never knew
I was a mutant he says it while holding
his breath with his cheeks puffed out I
just think that because I was thinking
of that part of Batman for Superman when
when Aquaman swims out and it just looks
silly and stupid
he's clearly holding his breath he has
his cheeks puffed out and everything in
that scene yes
remember that he's like I'm guessing
they didn't even film it underwater
he has his cheeks puffed out it's ridicu
he looks ridiculous I agree it looks
ridiculous and he's staring at the
camera for like two minutes like it
doesn't know to kick it around or well
you know what a camera's stupid a stupid
movie what does that mean anonymous it's
pure Kino do you know what Kino means
ki a No well you know what I'm gonna
Google that cuz I want to know I want to
know what kind of dumbass things you're
type in here he no that can't be right
Kino is a gum obtained from certain
tropical trees by tapping that's
probably already used locally as an
astringent in medicine and in tanning
what
what fucking you guys typing simple shit
some bulls did I I'm sold on Civil War I
like I like the Marvel movies I think
they make good movies like I saw the
trailer and I don't care but I I always
hate that like leaked footage you can oh
yeah you can watch a little bit of the
movie net why yeah if it's good then I
just ruined seeing it in the theater
right and if it's bad I probably wasn't
gonna see in the first place that's why
I was disappointed that they revealed
spider-man in the last trailer like I
understand from a marketing perspective
why they would sure but just imagine how
much more exciting would be if you went
to see the movie like obviously the
people that are really into these movies
already knew he was gonna be in it but a
general audience goes to see it and it's
like Oh spider-man fuckin spider-man
because exciting think you know why
because the general audience is more
likely to see it because they know he's
it that's why I mean it's from a
marketing perspective but generally from
a creative perspective it'd be more
exciting as a reveal yeah yeah maybe
we still don't know when he's coming in
sure but III mean I get I agree with you
hey guys one question only one actually
you you by the way you literally asked
two questions before before I asked
these questions I'm putting this out
there you've asked two questions it's
for it's in one sentence but it is two
questions so here's what I'm going to do
I'm going to challenge each of you to
answer it as if it's only one question
okay okay what do you guys think of The
Rocketeer and the fifth element which is
clearly two questions but you have to
answer it as if that is one question
good okay great
it I really can't
you can't just say good I haven't seen
I've seen parts of it I haven't seen I
haven't said I've never sat down and
watched the fella
oh you should well make a nutri Stuckart
probably you shouldn't it's not yeah
it's not your kind of sci-fi it's it's
it's silly it's yes sillies I think
that's why I didn't watch the whole
thing
sure oh I liked it but I liked that kind
of just like a silly sci-fi quarter been
Dallas The Rocketeer is a much better
movie I loved the rocket to rocket we
talked about the Rockets here and I'm
very early half in the bag episode I
think the Captain America episode
well it's don't you do like a Rocketeer
Captain America episode yeah
yeah we're talking about director yeah
yeah talked about that The Phantom
Menace review I think their exterior
comes up yeah
and talking about protagonist yeah yeah
yeah yeah Rocketeer is a great movie
yeah Rockets here's a great movie I
don't think I think some of the aspects
haven't aged terribly well but overall I
mean if it's our mottling visual effects
or whatever that stuff hasn't aged me
yeah well you know just the way they
handle action sequences in general I
think here is the product of the time
exactly
but overall fine movie baby boom hey Jay
did you watch that copy of exploding
varmints - I sent you I didn't know we
got it
it's probably redundant oh wait it had a
different name here in Australia it's
called wake in fright always asking
about waking fright I still haven't
watched it that's Oz Mike right yep yeah
just make me happy and watch it's a that
was a subtle that was a nice saw it gets
you back in that's great if you find a
copy of exploding varmints - don't
really
yeah there's no reason to do it again
every now and then we get like multiple
copy like like a Serie there's a series
of like videos and we get the whole
series we only really need one of them
you're not gonna do multiples especially
one like explaining varmints where
that's it ya know like what if exploding
varmints - it goes somewhere really
weird it's possible but unlikely only if
only if part way through the varmints
get replaced people or the varmints get
revenge oh not if it's suddenly they
just sound like the streets and like
Detroit or something well that's the
next level you start with animals and
then you start going after people the
human garbage
what are these parasites the real
varmints man anonymous says everything
in the shitty leak was better than
Batman vs Superman picture quality and
sound design included you know well you
know how we feel about that what leak
what was this the the the Civil War
airplane their airport sequence leaked
well these leaks are never really leaks
the studio's releasing this ship to
generate highway that could be that
almost certainly is it it's how long
before the we shows up theaters oh I'm
sure oh it's completely accidental
oh no the way studios are about like
flag and stuff on the internet I would
doubt that they released a shitty
version of a scene if they're gonna
release anything it's gonna be a good
quality version mm-hmm I haven't seen it
so there's like it's like I'm assuming
if they say bootleg it's like it
probably like well no no they're saying
leak and they're saying it looks nice
oh really maybe you know wouldn't
surprise me if a studio link but well
you know why would they leave it though
when they can just release it as a clip
because if you release it as a clip it's
just another promotional material no oh
oh the studio's gonna spin that
promotional was here but if it's a leak
who would have to genuine you
for an ad you don't you have to pay for
a bunch of people to spread something
around on Facebook yeah if they think
they're getting away with something oh
shit man well you don't have to pay to
post something on YouTube though true
the studio could just post a clip
there's there's a there's a viral
mentality when someone knows that
they're being advertised to they are
less likely to share it yeah that's true
even even if they would enjoy it the
same and they would normally share it if
they think it's an advertisement then
they don't feel like they have to share
it mm-hmm it's a whole thing do you guys
need a copy of McBain the movie that has
Christopher Walken going Rambo on the
entire nation of Colombia do we need
that Jane um we don't have a copy of it
oh is that that's not the same movie
with Gary Busey is it Jay have you ever
played the 2016 videogame hyper light
drifter no hyper light drifter great
there you go
Oh what do you think of hyper light
drifter oh it was it was you know the
controls handle really well that's great
anonymous I think you're saying this to
to poke at us and that's fine hey guys I
know both Jay and Jack are fans of the
Fargo show did you guys per first he's
in 102 season two I think we've talked
about this I like season 1 he said ones
great twos better
I think season two has much better
performances by the actors yes
but the the story was too far out
they're not cohesive like season 1 and I
like a cohesive narrative but the acting
was far superior in season 2 I will
on that owl man was on point was that
his name how old man whose owl man
you know watchman Nee no night out you
know Oh Patrick Wilson yeah Patrick
Wilson was great the Kirsten Dunst
Kirsten Dunst was on it and Ted Danson
was green I mean not that Ted Danson
yeah he's always great who doesn't like
Ted Danson Ted Danson doesn't Ted Danson
cut he's constantly disappointed in
himself I don't believe that Rose Davis
own worst critic him Mary Steenburgen
she doesn't like that Ted Danson very
much
he's only been married to him for 50
years that fellow from Burn Notice was
great I love ya I loved him in that he
was he was perfect he was perfect as a
North Dakota gangster that all family is
great gene smart is the mama that fell
the
oh I'm trying to think of what else he
played in the the the black gangster who
was poking Woodbine yeah he's been in
something else oh boy they're right he's
in a movie called Edmund but I'm sure
you haven't seen that William H Macy
um I don't know he's been in a bunch of
he was great as I guess the point ever
everybody everybody's performance was
great in season two I just I like like a
nice linear narrative that you know
makes sense it they totally make sense I
like it when it's all cohesive it makes
a little more ambitious not Bruce
Campbell from Burn Notice
Rob Lowe Bruce Campbell is in Fargo
season two briefly Oh - Shane it's a
Burn Notice reunion it is I don't
remember his name and I've seen every
episode of Burn Notice as an actor yeah
um so I should know his name
just terrible with names what is his
name I think I know it Bruce Campbell a
co-star Burn Notice or was he just kind
of a reoccurring character oh no he was
like the second lead was that there were
three leads to burn never seen an
episode of it I feel like I should cuz
Bruce Campbell and Bruce Campbell is
very fun in it I'm Gavin Jeffrey Donovan
oh nice name he was in book of shadows
Blair Witch Project - nice remembering J
you pulled that out of some gray matter
going deep which for the longest time
the first few episodes of that Fargo
he'd show up and I was like where do I
know that guy from like I couldn't a
nine I know he was the lead on that Burn
Notice and that's what I was thinking of
but more whatever reason like I could
not picture who he was
oh sure I was like this guy's great and
I know I recognize them but I can't fix
her from what no like Burn Notice is
fine if you like that sort of procedural
life is the thing it's not my type of
show right the first camp of Bruce
Campbell yeah like a procedural like ah
like oh not like a crime procedural it's
it's like a it's like a procedural with
criminals
okay we're we're much like a cop
procedural where you know they do kind
of the same thing every week with a
different bad guy okay they do the same
thing every week but you know they are
the bad guys kind of but they're also
the good guys not a procedural as if as
in they are going through police right
that's right yeah I hear that word
that's what I think I'm sure I'm with
you it's a mom show like criminal intent
yeah and it's a dad show
it's a mom show like advantium smartest
lord please don't play WWE 2k16 you'd
have to invite Josh and he seems very
particular about what he does on his
fucking Sunday
nice ones PS Kino is German for film or
cinema oh okay no you know we've talked
to I like obviously yeah Josh works and
he's very busy next time he comes
through stream yes we do want to play
WWE 2k16 and we want to make us as
characters that would be really funny
Jay the answer is gonna be knowing you
should know this epic monster morel
mushroom jay have you seen the video
where the Angry Video Game Nerd do I
have to continue for you finish but I
guess yeah I hope you know the I mean I
have seen a couple things by him okay
have you seen the video where the Angry
Video Game Nerd makes lloyd kaufman
place shitty toxic adventures games on
Nintendo No he ends up taking a giant
shit on the games literally I'm sure
that's what happens okay no I haven't
seen him
kino is the word for film in Germany and
Russia oh pardon
oh and Russia No so so when someone was
saying did you the that the airport
fight was pure Kino they're saying
that's top-notch cinema I think so ok
got it
well great I am exactly as hyped as I
was to see it before didn't do its job
no I'm but I'm already very hyped to see
it so necessary job tonight
it was vestigial guys love the new pink
echo device but the new episode was one
of your weakest entries you are wrong
polarizing polarizing episode oh man I
thought it was one of our funniest I
yeah and you know that's obviously that
you hear a little bit of me laughing
buying the camera but I was laughing a
lot buying the camera well and you know
I think it was one of our funniest
because we had so little to talk about
in the movies
and so we just had to bit we had to make
bits or there just a ton of people that
only want to hear us talk about the
movie and they don't like the jokes
maybe is that a thing apparently half
half of them know you know there's 38
other episodes where we talk about the
movies there will be plenty more I left
very hard at this episode let's see here
Jay how do I get my friends who mostly
want to dumb mass-market movies get how
do I get them into intellectually
challenging films like 2001 a Space
Odyssey you just don't trust me I've
been there people are into what they're
into try to find your middle ground
maybe you should be worried about how
you can be a good sport and watch the
movies with them if that's what they're
into just think about how superior you
can feel now though secretly secretly in
the back your mind yours always gonna
know that you're better because you're
watching movies that you find more yes
yes it's true
or as Tyrannosaurus Rex or tyranny
source Rex says you should just find
smarter friends if they're too smart you
feel like you're the dumb one yeah that
happens too and then they need to accept
that that not all of your friends are
gonna be into the same things as you and
that's okay I don't I don't have a
single friend that is into horror films
the way I am not a single one sure
anyone's into horror films the way you
are oh that's not true there people are
way more into it than I am and that's
just something I have to live with it's
okay every day
you have to live with that every day are
you guys familiar with the movie
wishmaster 4 it's a sequel to beta 4th
one
yeah they made a second one I knew there
was a 2 and a 3 I don't know you only
would have 2 for the world now you know
if not you there's they're saying you
should we should review it great ok send
them to us we're always more likely to
review doing something with something if
you send it to us
yep that's very true we watch best of
the worst movies we would just pick up
shit we have on the wall we don't think
about it beforehand we don't what should
we ordered to be on this where we got
yeah what do we got yeah there's a few
occasions where we do like Miami
connection I knew is one we needed to
get oh but that was so long ago yeah
well I have a new one also from
Drafthouse films oh wow it's Miami
connection called dangerous men that's
supposed to be sort of the new Miami
connection type movie oh how exciting
so I have that now bump bump bomb but in
general yeah we don't we don't seek
stuff out we just look at all the crap
we have it's true do you ever plan on
including more animated movies on best
of the worst no no never
it's it's something we've talked about
this before where it's like a lot of the
things that we talk about is the
production of the movie yeah and when
something is animated that takes all
production off the table
well I mean II the animation like we did
that Christmas tree movie which turned
out to be great as far as having stuff
to discuss goes yeah but you know how
often is that gonna happen
mm-hmm it's possible I mean there's that
food fight movie oh it's in the tories
one we have a couple copies I know
that's that's just hanging around
so there's possibilities but probably
not too much animated stuff
stale pigeon says love your guys work
and attitude question what movie if any
do you wish you could experience again
for the first time I am an answer for
that somewhat recently okay now I don't
remember what it was hmm I would love to
remember my initial feelings watching
Jurassic Park in the theater I saw
Jurassic Park 16 17 no and this is not
an exaggeration Wow
I saw it so many times in the theater I
just kept going back this address twice
I went back to the theater so many times
and just that's what I would do with my
days just go to the theater and watch
Jurassic Park I loved it it was it was
so intense so I would love to remember
like my initial aw at that movie
that's my I'm trying to think a second I
don't know I don't know
I don't know
shit mr. coach that's it that's an
interesting answer is is like do you
remember the first time you saw Star
Wars I don't I was too young right hours
is one of those movies that's just
always been there right I wonder why I
don't even remember for being a kid like
watching it it's like it was just burned
into my brain for as long as I can
remember
yeah my my sister in that vaguely
remember the first time I saw Empire
because I'd seen Return of the Jedi
before I saw Empire so I was like Empire
was the final piece you know that look
like a weird delayed video release
didn't at Empire I no idea that was not
in like any other video rental stores so
many many years after the fact that the
Jedi was at least not any of the video
rental stores near me interesting maybe
he's just always rented no no it wasn't
a box for it oh okay yeah that'd be
interesting to like see that as an adult
that need tea that's not you tea in the
theater but I mean on video oh that
wasn't available I don't recall it Bing
mm-hmm it was pretty young like sure I'm
wrong about a lot of things well rich is
really old yes I'm really old we're all
really all the red letter media you
should be so fucking lucky
and try to remember any anything out
like I'm trying to remember just the
things that that I've just always seen
like Jurassic Park or like like Star
Wars where it's like yeah Oh Star Wars
has just always been there yeah that's
the only one I can really think of yeah
well one that's had like an impact where
it's like you remember everything about
those movies yeah I know I kind of I
don't wanna say grew out of it but I
went through a phase where I wasn't
watching and like movies like Star Wars
like the kind of bigger stuff yeah right
around the time I was starting to watch
like clerks or like pulp fiction I got a
little bit of snobby so I didn't watch
stuff like that but then like a little
like maybe a year before the special
editions came out I rewatched the Star
Wars trilogy and I hadn't seen it for a
cup of number of years and so it was
almost like rediscovering it where I was
like these are great
why why why wasn't I watching these for
a while I was so dumb I was so dumb when
I thought I was so dumb it might have
been the same might have been when I
heard the special editions were coming
out I was like well I want to rewatch
these before I pay to see him in the
theater again right I very clearly
remember my first watching of clerks
because I was not excited about the idea
my cousin pitched it to me you know we
would always watch movies together and
he pitched it to me he's like it's about
these guys and they work at a
convenience store I was like ah huh and
he's like they play hockey on the roof
that's how he was a horrible pitch I was
like movie about hockey but exactly he's
like no it's not
they just talk about stuff like no I
don't like I don't want to watch oh this
sounds like dumb idea he's like I
already rented it
so I remember very clearly the
wonderment of watching clerks for the
first time in in high school in my
living room that was great that was
great
you loathed watching in your verse oh I
I was in what people can make a movie
like this the movies did not exist like
that yeah at that time especially Oh God
you mean you could just make a movie
where you jibber about Star Wars and
shit what Kevin Smith's podcast is so
bad I had to stop listening to podcast
for some time I agree
just gets it gets a little much you're
like eight of them a week I do believe
he has eight podcasts a week he has one
that's dedicated just to talking about
things related to Batman yep yes that
man loves Batman ah all right let's see
here just a heads up the character
creation in WWE 2k16 will take a while
due to the extensive 'no suck us today
ssin actually I think what the plan is
for WWE I believe it has an automated
mode where you can create characters and
then they will automatically do a Royal
Rumble in which the characters will
randomly come into the ring and one
randomly wins and you don't have to
press any you don't have to press I talk
with my hands a lot and there's a mic
stand right in front of me I'm smacking
it a lot so you can set up an auto Royal
Rumble in the characters fight without
you having to press a button so I
believe actually what the plan is is
just for us to make the characters and
then jibber about stuff while it's just
watch them fight while the characters
fight have they ever made a wrestling
game that acknowledges that it's fake
we're like the gameplay involves faking
the fight so like before the match you
get like the designated orders like well
you have to lose and you have to go down
every does this move on you and the
object of the game is try and stick as
close to what your supposed just a crowd
amped up and you can have like a
dialogue tree where you talk with your
opponent about who wins or who
when we doing next and then after like
if you like fuck it up you do like the
wrong ones like a sandwich with a
piledriver and said you do like a
backbreaker maybe you accidentally
injure somebody and as a whole that'd be
great that would be great you can
actually create a bald guy in WWE
unlike stardew valley god damn it
bald is this somebody has to have done
this though right what a wrestling game
like this I mean I'm sure it's certainly
not with the WWE logo on it but none I
mean I don't pay that close attention to
wrestling games I think some other
someone is saying I think some WWE games
allow you to control storylines somewhat
like that okay who is Kevin Smith's
co-host on Samad that's Scott Mosier and
he Scott Mosier is the guy that produces
all of the Kevin Smith movies I know
that because I've seen most the Kevin
Smith movies and listened to the podcast
that is who does his podcast with them
Scott Mosier the fabled story as they
both went to the same writing slash film
school and after and but it wasn't like
film school it was like a summer film
program and after the program they both
agreed that they were gonna try to write
scripts and whoever wrote their script
first the other would help them make
that movie okay and Kevin Smith then
wrote the scripts inconvenience it's
better name which was his very clever
title that later got changed to clerks
ah inconvenience is much better I like
clerks but still you know what clerks
has a better ring to it it's easier to
say it's you know
oh you fucker look meeting three bosses
I'm pretty happy with playing little
Silas and then also quite famous after
they filmed the movie Kevin Smith got
bored and they were both working at the
VHS rental store and the convenience
store that they filmed in while editing
the movie and they edited the movie at
the rental store like they had a giant
at film editing Bay add the video rental
store and Scott Mosier yelled at Kevin
Smith to finish editing the movie movie
clerks Oh someone was wondering who his
co-hosts was on the SModcast and I was
explaining that is Scott Mosier his
producer oh yeah but uh there's this
whole backstory there's if you get
clerks has like a mega collection and
make a DVD collection it's like the
black box so that clerks ex Clarkie
xanax DVDs I'm sure all that shit's on
the blu-ray which I can't imagine
watching clerks on blu-ray Lee movie
looks like shit who cares
but there's the whole backstory of how
they made clerks it's great if you like
yeah that's a great documentary and so
apparently Kevin Smith got a little
bored and he got a little lazy after
they shot clerks and Scott Mosier had to
give him a talking-to say hey we made
the movie now you got to finish the
fucking movie I'm not working at a
convenience store my whole life yeah
because they were working at the stores
while filming and editing the movie
which is great so Scott Mosier is the
guy who got shit done
now let's see here did someone mention I
use pirates that amazingly funny bad
film needs to be on the next best of the
worst please please please
well we have a copy of it or tuning
isn't it is it sci-fi comedy I haven't
seen it that never works out
yeah County's nice I haven't seen that
movie so it was a kid so look he's using
a special glitch moves rich a little
bored a little lazy sounds like 98% of
modern Halloween you know yeah you know
he just he needed a little push and
Scott gave him a push and sometimes
everyone needs a little push hey get
your shit together that's what you need
sometimes you need someone to say hey
get your shit together that's what a
good producer will do oh all right - you
lost okay wait this is a soccer game now
yep
if you guys did a best of the worst of
ice pirates you would also need to do
one with wishmaster for I already the
connecting factor yes to a siren which
master for the connecting tissues people
wanted us to do these movies even I
didn't know there was a wishmaster for
yeah i mean i i've seen the first movie
so i you yet you yeah you make a wish
and he finds a way to twist it into
something yeah you know deadly or
whatever was that with the wishmaster
series it yeah I can't believe they made
for the first ones not even very good
look do you just try to psych him out no
I just had to reset my sword swing oh
that little punk where's the red flag on
that
have you guys ever seen city of lost
children
yeah great movie have you ever seen it
apparently I just don't see move around
pearl well it's a it's a French movie oh
yeah Pearlman's in it oh speaking French
does it mm-hmm that ron perlman
french-speaking motherfucker gorgeous
looking movie yeah yeah Oh second I
thought you're talking about Ron Perlman
quick course man that Ron Perlman I
don't know if that's ever been said
about Ron Pearman has a lot of character
and he's a Ron Perlman's great yeah but
he is not they hired him to play the
beast abusive reason that save them
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
makeup all I did was put put a little
fur on him that's half Pearlman pure
Pearlman
the the riddle of Steel the the I think
we've said this story before but you
know I'll try to repeat it in a in a
concise fashion what story the story of
how we all met oh and it's it's it's
kind of it's just dumb
well I'm Mike Mike and rich met in high
school so that's easy Mike and Jay met
on a movie making message board and I
met them because we all made Internet
videos in the same city yes that is the
short version that's pretty much it and
that's lit truly in like for my part we
both knew some similar people and you
needed help making a video one day and
someone said hey this guy makes videos
and that's how we met now that that's it
what are you Josh I wasn't well both of
us me and Jack yeah really yeah yeah
that's really weird because I had mutual
friends and I like I knew him with her
bands and and so you know
and then we knew the same people who
knew the same people the score were set
that's a good question did you leave the
the thing oh I like that better it's
everywhere
it's like nobody knew Josh he just
showed up one who's just here that'd be
weird like he was just here and he had a
stack of bad movies so you know we let
him stay just who introduced me to be
first I met Josh and clown cows no I met
Josh when he was playing in his noise
band when I was playing in my noise oh
they're all noise bands you kids in your
noise bands we make loud stuff you can't
really have a silent band well there's
there's there's a difference between a
band that makes noise and that noise man
oh God
the Deftones oh yeah yeah we all got to
go to bed it's getting late yeah we're a
little soon great I'm just good for our
own sake I'm done I say put some bosses
and have about that great it's called
what like what what is this oh that's
what that happened okay well we're gonna
leave now we're gonna stop streaming we
don't have a Ritchie streaming on
Windows 10 so we don't have the tachi
running but we'd like to spend some time
and thank all of our subscribers we are
turning on our our ad-free function so
anyone who subscribes to our channel
will no longer see ads when they watch
our content and thanks for for coming
out tonight everybody have a nice night
