Episode 129
Falling Flat (A Link Between Worlds)
June 26, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWMhhIT_pww
___________________________________________

okay monk one moment please
one moment please
are you waiting for these guys to wait
well you just I mean I'm just thinking
of what what I would say has done Wilson
let's let's let's brainstorm this what
would done what would Don Wilson call
call Scott for I was 30th birthday what
would he call him for yeah
well what would Don Wilson need with a
random 30 year old man you need a clean
set of fingerprints you need something
something with tubes unused twos unused
twos twos oh you just turned 30 well I
need your unused tubes from your
twenties you're not gonna need those
anymore like that I get it I get it all
right everybody take a moment while
while we wait for for this guy's name or
whatever we're waiting for okay I'm
gonna stand up I got everything I need
I'm just trying to think of a proper
book this is all you like I don't want
to get in between you and my spot my
name's dawn dawn Wilson I'm the owner of
Iowa's largest dating website
hey I heard I heard you just turned 20
going out oh fuck I fucked that up god
damn it I fucked it up yeah hi Scott
yeah my name's dawn John Wilson older of
Iowa's largest singles website what a
herd
just turned 30 years old well well I'm
gonna need on cuz I like I'm gonna call
because I'd like to have all your your
unused tools now now that your 20's are
over with I need all of them to someone
you're like 21 through 29 I need them
for my dating website so people can be
couples and like - it's not like I'm
doing a thing I know it's the best I got
go fuck yourself happy birthday jackass
so now I'm caught up on tips I am going
to stand up my soul I need a drink
well that sounded like it went well did
it go well rich now riches left sounded
like it did well I could hear it
I left my room what I left my room and I
could hear that rich yeah yeah I'm just
terrible I'm sure it was great I'm sure
it was great
I don't know if I've played this at oh I
should update the stream I'm sure it was
I'm sure was point vicarage it was it
was mildly acceptable there we go
kind of like yeah great
oh my gosh so H for the game a link
between worlds
that's what's what's the deal with this
one what's the gimmick other that's it
would probably look better with just 2d
sprite art I know it is I kind of to
these project its yes it's this is the
sequel to a Link to the Past
okay by a BT Dubbs first of all it's not
showing up here I'm just I never cared
much for the Donkey Kong Country look
the Donkey Kong Country Oh like 3d yeah
I guess sprites in a 2d plane yeah sure
sure I'm with you here's something weird
is this is not in the list of games
chaddy hold on but other 3ds games are
Phoenix Wright was yeah well is that a
deus game or is this a 3ds
oh sure
i dint of zelda a link between worlds oh
there it is never mind I just needed to
type the whole goddamn thing out and
update and done great we are now playing
The Legend of Zelda a link between
worlds okay
hooray hurrah everything is right in the
world chat are any 2d Zelda's better
than a Link to the Past any of the 2d
ones template I have not played a lot of
the hint nacho you don't think the only
handheld Zelda I've played was the
adventure was a links adventure the
dream 1 Link's Awakening Link's
Awakening that's it you know what I
think all of the handheld ones are
really good because they're in the same
vein as Link to the Past like Oracle of
season slash Oracle of Ages are pretty
good minish cap had some fun to it the
you know Spirit Tracks kind of sucked
but but you know not a lot you could
really do about that and it's it still
was Zelda II Lincoln you know driving
around on the on the old railroad tracks
was pretty fun
I don't know if this is my gamer now
anyone let's just quit and insert a new
game sure cuz one of the rare rare Zelda
games they'd actually be a sequel the
Spirit Tracks yeah
yeah I mean the Spirit Tracks and there
was the the other one related to Spirit
Tracks are both sequels to winwaker
right right right but there's another
Wind Waker e1 now earth spirit rack even
a sequel to though winwaker i have no
idea i know spirit Trekkies the same art
style yeah hold the exhale and our
buttons to delete this file great
Phantom Hourglass yes that's the name of
a chip thank ya that's so on nice great
alright here we go starting again well
oh yes Zelda 2 is a direct sequel to as
well yes you are correct everyone knows
that Wind Waker is the greatest is it
really or is that just the manual
pulling some bullshit out of its ass no
it made sense it made sense this cuz uh
you know in the original Legend of Zelda
you you rescue Princess Zelda hmm then
in the Link to the Past though there's
been asleep 400 years hmm I think the
manual pull some bullshit was the real
Zelda it was been asleep the other one
was just a different princess that feels
a bit like an asshole today it could
have been but it like it was still
supposed to take place after the events
of the first one and the the gameplay
corroborated with the theme so the whole
like Zelda's sleeping now is an aspirin
is an asphalt maybe
cuz I was got the feeling that that
legend was ill did to was was intended
to be a reboot just like all of the
Zelda's you can you can chat if you want
if there's like fans of that weird Zelda
timeline shit you can go to hell cuz
that's all bullshit oh of course it's
all bullshit but it's fun the Zelda
timeline that is not fun that's just
depressing oh no I think it's I think
that's like people talking about the
day-to-day lives of the Sith order it's
all just a lot of nonsense of bullshit I
mean it's nothing you should subscribe
to but I know there's another title this
one game we can't put this in anywhere
so I guess there's a fourth timeline
it's so much bullshit I mean it's it's
not correct but it's still fun I my
favorite is the bin Mario universe
timeline well it's it's just and stuff
you know it's fan stuff where you know
and they even incorporate stuff like
Donkey Kong and and punch-out because
Mario is the ref in punch oh my god no
but it's funny because they're just like
these were the jobs he had before he was
a plumber and then he became a plumber
and then you know he did all this stuff
and then you know stuff like Mario Cart
and Mario Tennis take place way after
all the battles and him and Bowser can
be friends that's it's cute though
anything is cute I think it's cute it's
it's not correct but it's a it's a whole
lot of cuteness okay yes is there a
timeline that tries to justify why duck
tails doesn't have human beings but but
quack pack does
yes I'm sure there is there isn't there
what is that there's the Pixar timeline
right yeah dad that's also not that's
nonsense that started you know why you
know why that truck isn't every Pixar
movies
well now it's running thing but earlier
on it's because because they reused
assets because it was cheaper yep I
build a new car when you've got one
lying around you know mm-hmm but it's
still fun but it's still fun
then thinking that it takes place all in
the same universe it's Dean it's just
fan garble where the hell did Bowser's
kids from Super Mario Brothers 3 go they
came in they came back they finally came
back they well they had this place with
that weird-ass obnoxious Bowser jr. well
you know it's because Bowser is not a
good father and so every once in a while
his children get taken away from him but
not Bowser jr. Bowser jr. by the way is
so much lamer than the Koopalings the
Koopa Kids absolutely absolutely so much
labor 100% labor he's all the lamer
yeah he's everywhere it's fucking
everywhere Jack yeah you know what Mario
maker doesn't have the Koopa Kids it
might you have to you have to shake
Bowser jr. yeah Mario maker has the
Koopa Kids unless they got added in I
don't think it does I have never seen
the Koopa Kids in the Mario maker games
or whatever it's always a Bowser jr. or
am I thinking of them the new Super
Mario Brothers I think you can shake
Bowser jr. and he turns into the
different kids
yeah I think someone in the chat I've
never seen that in a Mario maker level
it's always just Bowser jr. someone in
the chat what come on Chet
no one knows no one plays Super Mario
maker
no I was not making a terrible Sid's oak
in in Super Mario maker sometimes you
sometimes you you can change what an
item is by shaking it how am I supposed
to go again I've completely forgotten or
I wasn't paying attention in the first
place yeah oh there goes what's up there
yes we are using a 3ds capture card the
one really amazing thing about the 3ds
capture card is if it's playing on my
computer screen in real time and so you
can play a 3ds game while looking at a
big screen which is super amazing that
kind of the point in the first place
of what of this this capture card card I
think if that was the point it would be
like an HDMI out oh it's not an HDMI oh
it's a USB out weird yes well maybe for
space reasons actually that make sense
but it's very nice
hey Jack is there a simple way to do a
vignette in Premiere Pro or do I need a
plug-in yes there is a very simple way
now if you change in your in your view
settings or in your window settings they
have spaces and normally that's set to
editing space move the assembly over to
color and then it will give you basic
all of the basic color Corrections for a
shot and way at the bottom is a simple
vignette and it's just a button and you
can change the intensity and the bigness
of it head over to color it's very very
simple built-in you can turn it on turn
it off really easily I don't remember
exactly what it's called - changing the
view options button it's in there okay
let's see here looks very much like it
would like to be a Link to the Past I
think it's the they wanted area it's a
sequel or something I don't know so but
the big give to this one is you have a
power to turn 2d and stick to walls okay
that sounds familiar I think and it's a
top-down Zelda so yeah the 3ds only
outputs 2d video here watch what happens
can you see the the the floor move left
and right but it's like I can't see
anything that yet but you'll see it in a
second the floor is moving left to right
that's me adjusting the 3d slider and
that weird not saying anything yet oh
there we go yeah it's gonna wait a lot
for a little bit but uh
so you just see you can it just projects
all the 2d spectrums I can move it to 3d
but I actually really do not like the 3d
it makes me motion sick oh yeah the
first thing I did I turned on the 3d on
this thing and I instantly got a minor
headache it's yes yes absolutely and I
said oh my god why would anybody want to
do this
yep which is why it's really easy to
turn off because I'm sure everyone
complained about that
okay I got take the sword to the captain
I got the captain's sword great Kevin
okay great go to the castle and some
trouble is gonna happen at the cast we
all know what's gonna happen
all right it's a Zelda game everyone
knows what's gonna happen
of course you do you're gonna go to the
castle some shits gonna go down and
you're gonna have to use this it's gonna
be great
and then the event then the adventure is
gonna begin
okay who's been is visiting this
sanctuary go into the sanctuary kind of
digging the music I don't I hope you
guys can hear the music it's like it's
like The Legend of Zelda theme if it was
done by like it's like a bongos acoustic
guitar and a violins it's really pretty
it's kind of like all right full key I
dig it digs it all right to sanctuary
bitches be talking I just picked up my
IDs yeah
and I turned on a game that has 3d yeah
like like 3d graphics with the 3d effect
um um what's really weird it's
interesting and sometimes it looks
really nice but I still get motion sick
and a huge headache yeah I don't think I
would want to do this for the whole game
hmm
that's really weird mmm it's a nice
gimmick uh-huh Nintendos very good at
gimmicks I don't think they are and like
apparently for some games like the 3d is
really helpful like for platforming in
3d environments but sometimes their
gimmicks pay off mm-hmm I don't I don't
think people realize this but when it
came out the the nests controller this
that's simple as gamepad mm-hmm
that was gimmicky why every every every
home console before that had like the
the Atari style like giant giant
joystick oh sure sure that thumb pad
that's it that's a Nintendo innovation
real the d-pad yeah
at least I had never seen one before
that that's that's cool the analog stick
that was you know that was an innovation
of the n64 mm-hmm I remember that and
then they've gone crazy since we gotta
get crazier gimmicks but a thing you
wave around
Ganga doesn't really correspond to
what's going on to the screen that well
but it's a gimmick gangbusters that
thing you wave around everybody bought a
Wii everybody bought to ease one for
them and one for their parents because
you can Bowl but rich is so oh yes I am
old we've been over this channel look
here I was born in 1977 Oh shove that up
your ass oh oh that's not the way to the
Graveyard Wow
where's the graveyard don't be mad at me
I don't know where the graveyard is oh
here's a graveyard okay
aha secrets secrets rich you you you go
Jack you find them secrets oh I am
questing up a motherfucker oh and you're
like you grab them and drag them into
their spots okay great not you let's do
it okay great there we go
there we go okay great light the lamps
light the lamps rich I I can't do
anything I don't have the D s light the
lamps I could try but I really I don't
have any controls that will affect your
game that's probably true
hey J I could light a lamp in real life
and I'd have to go to the lamp store to
buy a lamp that I can light
I have kinds I've likes lamps with like
switches that's that's still lighting
the lamps turning on your lamp switch is
still lighting the lamps I don't think I
would ever call that lighting why I
would never I would never point to my
halogen lamp and and and point to
somebody and say like the lamp that's
just that terminology would it be
accurate I don't think so I think that
would imply you're setting it on fire
because you're not telling them to set
fire to the lamp
you're telling them to light it you tell
it's her dot if you say if you told
somebody to light the lamp they would
just look at you confuse light it up oh
here we go
yeah get out of here
can you read anonymous says Princess
Peach keeps getting kidnapped
Bowser keeps getting more kids yes
there's some rape going on you know the
kids all seem to be the same age yeah
and I think if like if there were some
interspecies coitus happening they would
look a little more human II you know
they all seem to be full koopa except
for my hair
well Bowser has her the other coupe is
don't like the normal ones right
but Bowser has hair hmm is is Bowser the
baby of a koopa rape Bowser
he's the most humanoid of all the
compasses and he has hair
oh his Bowser half human that's what and
that's where his vengeance comes from
that's worry that's why he needs
vengeance against Princess Peach because
her father
peaches father rapes his mother and and
birthed him yeah my god rich actually
let's say he was born first maybe he's
the true hair or error to the Mushroom
Kingdom
that's why he wants the Mushroom Kingdom
so bad there's some injustice going on
here jack this is like games of throne
this is just like games of Thrones that
tip led to some good things now we
talked about Mario Koopa rape yeah in
case you didn't think we could go down
that well
yes chat King Koopas kids all have hair
but their King Koopa skits and he has
her because he may be half-human yep
there's nothing it makes perfect sense
by the way it's the only thing that
makes sense that that is now canon and
in my mind i want to like to know that
wrench and he's he's not like kidnapping
peach to marry her or anything he's
kidnapping her to kill her so the true
heir to the throne because he couldn't
marry her there with her brother and
sister unless it's really games of
thrones and you know it's like the
Cersei and and what's-his-name you don't
watch the games the throne so you don't
know this isn't spoiling much because we
find out in the first episode but the
Queen in Game of Thrones is having sex
with her brother royalty thing yeah
that's an old-school royalty things that
happens royal blood is prone to was it
haemophilia I believe that reason
haemophilia is when you can't your blood
doesn't clot yeah some royal blood lines
that's a big problem because they they
had yeah it's all that inbreeding
okay so rich the priests daughter just
got trapped in a painting that sounds
terrible some real shits going down here
you know Sam I guess basically what I'm
trying to say if some real shits going
down here
what Dad you getting some tips rich oh
my god you know probably going mad over
this whole King Koopa thing Sara Shen
says you guys happen to do something
from both of my favorite series that's
frakkin great and I'm super grateful for
it
rich co-piloting the voices and the next
stream excites me I'm drunk
sorry I'm really looking forward to
playing more I'm just that little that
one I you know what I really like is
logic puzzles and if they can find a
neat way to person to like rewrap and
present logic puzzles I think that's
super fun and so that's all Phoenix
Wright is is you just have to look at
all the stuff and find the
inconsistencies the end and there's some
like leap of faith' detective work in
there too like with you and your and
your different time zones figuring out
yeah that was fun that was fun like I'm
looking forward to playing more of that
and I'm not sure how this is supposed to
be pronounced bas sbin I don't know if
they mean that as like base isn't like a
bass guitar isn't music or isn't like
bass like the fish sure I'm just gonna
say bass bin to assume music
he spent baseman that sounds better I
finally caught one of these live meat
also of anyone rape Bowser's mum it was
Robo jack well that probably wouldn't
produce a kid robot yeah yeah that
wouldn't produce a kid as fuck five five
thousand is a cardboard box robot robot
about five thousand he doesn't have like
a semen reservoir dye say yeah I'm
assuming he wouldn't he doesn't have
genitalia
he's a cardboard box robot that's true
that's true
so how does he have whatever you know
what it's best I don't know
haha you know what there yeah that's the
that's the correct thing rich it's best
if you don't know
you go you go rich
you go you go I don't know what a Mugen
is that Yuga is our enemy
oh you mean you mean you mean Ganon
no it's Yuga in this you mean gonna be
revealed to be beginning probable yeah
usually someone will be revealed to be
Zelda and the girl who got trapped in a
in a painting will be revealed to be
Zelda and that'll began anew rich have I
told you about the spelunky book the
book no my my very good friend krob this
is choose your own death book this is
not your own death book I I kept seeing
this and I was thinking about getting
this and krob gifted it to me
so the this company does a series of
books kind of going into a production of
a game like they did one for earthbound
and you know they did one for Kid Icarus
and whatnot and so they've recently put
out a book about spelunky but instead of
just like a scholar or a fan writing the
book they got Derek you the creator of
spelunky to just write a making-of book
yeah and it is one of the most amazing
reads I have had in a long long time
okay it's just him going through like
everything that had inspired him to make
the game what he was doing before what
he was doing after what led to his
creative decisions it's amazing and it's
like I was that good does he mention
spelunker he doesn't that he does not he
mentions the lunker a little bit but but
more so it's it's about like Mario meets
nethack which is an old roguelike he
talks about spelunker a little bit and
and but like he goes beyond that talking
about like Indiana Jones being his
reference for his spelunky guy and then
he goes into like the things that made
Indiana Jones famous in his life he just
goes back and back and it's it's like a
four or five dollar ebook and I cannot
recommend it enough for anyone who's
played spelunky or just wants to know
more about like indie game development
it was this that's pretty cheap oh yeah
cheap and a fast read and a Niva Attell
'he's a good story so oh rich yeah the
lady who got trapped in a painting was
not Princess Zelda because now we are
going to warn Princess Zelda okay okay
well that's a sequel to link of the past
that makes sense cuz we already met
Zelda that's true
whatever you know what it's been far too
long since I played a Link to the Past
where Zelda fairly early on yeah you
meet her in the castle you go to rescue
her put the castles under siege
oh that's right your uncles she's in a
dungeon yeah your uncle says hey I think
you got a telepathic message from her
I'm a member I'm a member
oh you know what else I wanted to
mention really quick while I'm going
through all this cutscene I don't give
two fucks about May the fourth do we
need to say that again yeah yeah because
because we didn't we didn't stream on
the fourth oh yeah oh that's right
that's right you did sorry and I wasn't
there for that just to remind people
that yeah it's it's a date that kind of
sounds like something they said in a
movie once
man do I not care that you remind them
that it's the the anniversary of the
Kent State massacre perfect thank you no
problem
may the fourth yeah I remember the kids
say that's okay well you weren't born
yet this is the National Guard that
killed students during Lex we've got a
protest thing Oh Sherman yep I remember
hearing about it okay
I saw that you were playing hand to fade
yeah and I got really jealous as I
really want to play that again
I was undefeatable oh yeah yeah nice
like not only was I not dying I mean I
was kicking ass I faltered a bit early I
actually almost lost to the jack of dust
because it had been a while since I
played mm-hmm but but after that
everything just started clicking just
started clicking Jack that's great and I
did so fucking good on the like the
success and fill cards mm-hmm remember
Devil's Carnival oh yeah oh I hated that
one first try shut the heck up first
fucking try
that's great that's great it's been so
long since I played into Fayette I was
just thinking about that the other day
because there they were talking about a
sequel yeah it's like I want an excuse
to play more and a favor
I just want different character models
that's all I want
yeah you know that's why we get a sequel
well they gotta get they got to get the
dealer back if he makes that game oh
absolutely
I'm talking about like a purple bunny
thing yeah and and I just don't care
about that I was supposed to go see
Princess Zelda and I woke up in my house
- a purple bunny thing soda has weird
things I know but they shouldn't be this
weird right off the bat don't I aren't I
supposed to get my mission first and
then weird things happen I don't know I
just know I don't like to look at this
game yeah just just visually yeah no I
think it's fine yeah cartoon it's a
cartoon
you got a sword nice one
ravio of the purple bunny thing is now
staying in my house
yeah eat it and save manual saves at
like windmills or what what are those
things called like won't know until I
see it it's not a windmill we could be
anything I know it's not a window it's a
it's a like a windmill that goes in
everything a weathervane manual saves at
weather vanes which is very strange
which usually go on roofs don't think
you might be right
got my sword
ah took care of it for you sucker cut
you up to hyrulean warrior you guys are
suckers what's going on over here more
vandalism oh I know it's gonna happen
there's a painting of us of like a of a
bad guy on the wall and the soldiers are
trying to clean it off oh those are
totally gonna come off the wall it's
gonna be awesome they think I think it's
just gonna be awesome he's gonna be
super fight what's the lame fight I
don't yeah I could be a late babe I'm
just gonna fight all the bad guys
you know that I that is my one looking
back I'm like a Link to the Past or
really any of the top-down Zelda games
is that the combat is super weak and I
know like the combat isn't a big portion
of it but just like flapping your sword
like fuck though thought you know you
talk about all of the Zelda's all of the
top-down Zelda's I don't think it's
anything to write home about and some of
the 3d ones either I think they got in
pretty writes in in Wind Waker and they
got it you mean they got it super easy
no you got a like roll around feel like
I was doing anything in combat in a wind
waker yeah oh you gotta like roll around
and dodge and it's great yeah dude you
gotta do shit firk and I supposed to go
I gotta go see Zelda Zelda's in the
castle but I can't get in the big door
to Castle Ridge I got a problem
they're doing an HD remake for Skyward
Sword is that on their agenda probably
not it was not very well received it was
terrible
it was pretty bad you know kind of like
was it terrible hey hey what are you
talking about you're talking about
recent you're talking about unannounced
recently released superhero movie like
listen I know we're not talking about
Captain America Civil War but I can tell
you that some recent superhero movies
are kind of this thing sort of thing oh
man get right out of town
telling tell an empire story
Kevin
that's right she's trust me I'm the hero
motherfucker back up slow your roll
Chad that's that's the closest you're
gonna get to a hypothetical spoiler on a
hypothetical thing I might
hypothetically be talking about mm-hmm
all i pathetic Oh completely
hypothetical I'm quite sure at this
exact moment in time either Jay or Mike
possibly both of them are working
diligently editing something oh yeah I'm
not sure how that's related no no no
just follow I just wanted to say you
know say that no just they're probably
editing something at this very moment
hmm oh okay I'm gonna be announced move
your ass and buff I got shit to do I got
adventure in this to do am I supposed to
do
wait Ganon got the Triforce again and of
course he did that dick what that
doesn't make any sense
oh wait these are like an order of these
paintings the golden high rose greatest
treasure of the Triforce once stoked
greed in the hearts of men a legendary
war was fought to keep it out of Evil's
hands great they're just recapping a
Link to the Past they might be painting
to a sealed Triforce to end the war of
the Triforce the royal family decided to
hide it in the Sacred Realm they
summoned the seven sages of legend who
used their powers to seal the Triforce
away yes yes they are retelling painting
three the demon king the demon king
Ganon was once just a thief until the
man broke into the Sacred Realm there he
stole the Triforce and transformed
himself then he took his evil campaign
back to Hyrule Hey Impa I'm not done
reading yet Anna read two things the
here wiggins a hero of legend arose from
humble beginnings awoken to his purpose
by a princess of Hyrule with the master
sword the blade of Evil's Bane he sought
the descendants of the seven sages
together they defeated the demon king
cannon and sealed him away in darkness
and finally the Triforce split apart the
Triforce was split into three pieces
separated forever one piece remains with
the royal family another piece has
fallen into the hands of Ganon a sealed
away with him the third piece of the
Triforce has vanished though legend says
it is hidden in this spirit of a
true hero that yes okay who could any
will be rich I know maybe it's this
person who gave us a tip Gonzo's razor
says bitch fun fact
fun fact 1977 a serial murderer was
executed by firing squad in Utah at his
own request I now understand your
hallucinations of hitting people and
with the butt of a rifle have a good
night
reincarnation isn't a thing science if
it was everybody knows I was Joan of Arc
mmm-hmm a mad lady who just wanted a war
yep just because you want to fight
anymore
that's totally beep mm-hmm
but who were you in between because
there was a lot of time in between there
just schmoes you were all schmoes
between then and now long line
incarnation wait you mean you were
nobody between between Joan of Arc and
now or you were it's a very long line
what do you what do you do when you're
on the wait list nothing it's really
fucking dull centuries centuries of
thinning yes and then they said this
body is yours Joan of Arc meet Richard
Edlund Evans then you get sucked in yeah
yeah it's exactly how it works yes and
thus begins the age of Evans I love it
rich I don't uh yes rich his middle name
is Edlund
little known fact the possibly
well-known fact I like to give people
fake middle names Richard Edlund was a
special effects guy thank you still
anyway what was the last thing he worked
on I knew I worked on the Sam Raimi
spider-man films he worked on Star Wars
mmm-hmm but all I know is that that was
a little short that he made a while ago
yeah Richard Edlund versus his sons yeah
so I like to make up people's middle
names cuz I think it's funny oh my
actual middle names is more bizarre than
that yeah do you you count a gunpoint
confirmation name yeah yeah if it was
confirmed then that's a that's real
that's it because I had no faith but my
grandmother was gonna have a heart
attack if you if you count if you count
that uh-huh
I am Richard William Thomas Michael
Evans but I don't count that I am just
Richard William Thomas Evans wait you
have two middle names yep
that's unusual I want all let you know
yeah and with confirmation you have
three middle names yes say you say your
full name again Richard William Evans
that's crazy
yes first of all it's just crazy that
you have two middle names okay you need
to know that usually a person has one
middle name here's how here's what I
think the story is no my mother had six
brothers and I think she wanted to get
as many of them out of the way as
possible
all right yeah that's crazy
I mean she thought I'm I'm not doing
that five four times give them all the
names all the names all the time have
you ever met someone with no middle name
I have go around asking everyone their
middle name really yeah that's like
that's like my icebreaker not having a
real name
no is just like asking people what their
middle name is oh really
yeah yeah yeah yeah sure you you might
not remember cuz you were all high on
painkillers but no of course I'm joking
that that's my icebreaker I do know
someone with no middle names oh yeah and
now I know someone with two middle names
and so my life has just gotten like 300%
more spectacular well I'd say it's
balanced now I guess you're right it's
not unusual I can no longer meet anyone
on the other side your life now has the
proper number of middle names bridge I
feel so at peace with myself
okay I gotta go it's Hank so everybody I
was not paging through this story while
we were talking and now and now I just
jumped through that all that story cuz
we gotta get to the game we gotta move
move on move ahead here I once dated a
Pakistani guy with like five middle
names they'd be rough I mean you know
obviously middle names aren't really
used for anything specifically well you
know lots of people on the earth lots of
people who are gonna have the same first
and last names
I'm sure sure middle middle name hopes
out adds another dice roll yep yeah I
guess another another rich heavens fun
fact fun fact yeah I I have an erroneous
double arp card and i have for like like
15 years they sent one of the mail you
have an AARP card yeah okay that's
interesting I'm sure there's a there's
an elderly rich Evans out there
somewheres like where the fuck is my
AARP card calls them every day wait
where's my card I can't I can't get into
the movie theater for my discount price
oh he's pissed that rich Evans is pissed
I'd be pissed do you get into movies at
discount prices no do you ever use your
your ill-gotten AARP card it's it's I
haven't put away somewhere I haven't I
haven't thought about it in a while
really I know the AARP sends me stuff
all the time and I don't know why we're
all gonna be old sooner or later a lot
of the chat thinks I'm old right now you
are old right now I'm old right now
old enough it's in here nope 10th is a
difference between early or maybe even
pre middle-aged and elderly well there's
a difference between old and elderly you
can be old and not elderly okay okay you
know two kids were old Marvel's gonna
have to start worrying about aging the
cinematic universe you know they're
already slapping that makeup pretty
heavily on Chris Evans I'll tell you
that what's what's his face
rody I can't think of his name Don
Cheadle that's Don Cheadle Don G Lee
he's starting to look pretty along with
the tooth yeah yeah I can only imagine
after infinity Wars there's gonna be a
reboot or like a universe reset or at
least they'll focus on different younger
characters I don't know yeah by that
time that could be and then once they've
got a few of those then they go for the
reboot sure you have to wonder though as
a fan of oh go ahead you can't replace
Robert Downey jr. too soon
no you can't do that you you need to
create a Robert Downey jr. void in which
you've gone so long without a proper
Iron Man that you're willing to accept a
lesser Iron Man yeah
yeah but you do have to wonder how they
will handle that like being being
comic-book fans we can we know that that
happens every once in a while will
there'll be a universe resetting event
in DC maybe it only happened to Marvel
recently well we're aware of them so
like how will they handle that in the
movie or are they just gonna recast and
just say no but this is the same Captain
America
you know like like technically speaking
the Incredible Hulk with with
what's-his-face is canon oh uh what's it
what is it
oh damn it Edward Edward Norton The
Incredible Hulk with Edward Norton is
canon and so they just recast him but of
course the Hulk and the modern marvel
cinematic universe is Eleison lesser
character so um how does the Edward
Norton Hulk relate to the angly Hulk not
angry Hulk is not canon okay okay even
though technically speaking Incredible
Hulk Edward Norton Hulk
starts off with him in a South American
country and that's where Angley Hulk
ends so they could be sequels but they
are not officially sequels if that makes
any sense okay
so really we've had three cast changes
for Bruce Banner yeah but do you can't
get away with Robert Downey jr. no god
no and like Chris Evans has been so
prominent at this point I don't think
you can get away with that with Captain
America either Ryan you can you can pull
that off with like a Dusty Rhodes and
they did
hahaha they did and everyone was happy
does anyone like that actor or what's
his name Cuba Gooding jr. no no not Cuba
Gooding a Terrence Howard okay okay does
anybody like Terrence Howard in anything
I hear he's good an empire the show but
I can't like I don't think anyone likes
him as an actor
there are three characters that have
been Captain America is all currently in
the Cinematic Universe one what are you
talking about blueberry you crazy you
crazy gotta pay attention to this game
so I can keep moving forward no I don't
want hint glasses get out of here no one
likes the hint system are you stuck you
can get a hint if I'm stuck you designed
a bad game can we clues in the game
motherfucker gotta go talk to him what a
fucker okay I'm gonna see if the chicken
attacks me I'm gonna hit a chicken with
my sword come here chicken do that thing
with the chickens attacking because it's
funny you're just a jerk hits chickens
then yeah what else we gonna do not hit
the chickens yeah I guess I could not
hit the chickens if I want to but I just
want the chickens chickens this chickens
again into chickens if I'm stuck you
made it yeah you know what
I obviously that was a bit of a
hyperbole to canter 7.41 but I feel like
if you are stuck in a game as a player
you either need to figure it out or they
might have done something wrong in the
game what is this in relation to oh I I
made an off-the-cuff remark about if if
I'm stuck in a game you made a bad game
and and what I'm gonna say is if I'm
stuck in a game if I cannot figure
something out
usually I will go through a like a
series of like you know retracing my
steps maybe I missed something right
depends if you're talking about like a
fast-paced action game
mm yeah then I never want to be stuck
and not know what to do oh you're
talking about like a classic tomb raider
where the whole thing is exploring and
puzzles and figuring out how to open up
that door hmm
then it's okay a little bit stuck or
like a Zelda game you know or it's like
if we're a little bit stuck that's fine
but if I just cannot progress forward
just geez she's the era of the Internet
where would we possibly go to find
information
I don't know God I I kind of wait to the
next issue of the Tendo to power comes
out before I can figure this one out
Barnes & Nobles has a paper book I could
buy by the walk through the hints and
tricks book
oh yes that's right and in the comics
both the Falcon and the Winter Soldier
were at one point Captain America yeah
that's not quite we're talking about
that like replacing having a different
person character as Captain America is
one thing but can you put someone else
in the in the role of Steve Rogers items
an older Shia LaBeouf is now Steve
Rogers is Shia LaBeouf yeah you can't
you can't really do that that would be a
really tough ask not what that was that
character well and it's like it doesn't
work you know this is part of the joy of
or part of the upper-hand that comic
books have with their art style where
it's like you know you can draw Captain
America a little bit different and
everyone will accept that that is still
Steve Rogers but you have a different
actor in there and that's a lot to ask
of an audience especially an audience
who is now in love with Chris Evans as
Captain America yes that's a really
tough and ask that many people were in
love with Terrence Howard as write and
Rohde not a big character not a huge
part of the first Iron Man movie rody
was first and last name I have no idea
what his name is that's how big of a
character he is Iron Man Coulson's
pretty big character in the comics he's
war machine iron man calls him Rhodey
yeah I know like they did replace the
Hulk but everybody's fucking confused on
whether or not the Incredible Hulk
happened if they tried replacing Mark
Ruffalo you might have an issue
yeah he's the popular one
and he's great I just reached all Tron
and man that mark ruffalo he nails it I
have not bothered to watch age of Ultron
since seeing at the theater oh yeah yeah
they do so much right in age of Ultron
that tells you well yeah I
I barely remember I could I had trouble
remembering if I liked it or not I think
that was one of those ones that was
largely on the fence about its quality
yeah it's funny where it's like there's
not a ton of weight to it you know and
then you you you you kind of realize
that like they save that for their
individual movies like you know
character growth stuff that's for their
individual movies this is them just
coming together as a team and so all it
concentrates on is them functioning as a
team so that it's not a terribly deep
movie but I think that's an okay thing
problem is them coming together to
function as a team and they kind of
already addressed that first one but
it's not them coming together to
function as a team it's Team Dynamics
okay it's you know how do you how do you
continue to work with someone who acts
completely different than you also chat
yes you're right Dusty Rhodes is a
wrestler that that totally rings a bell
he makes great noises
you with me nope oh no I'm dead I'm at
the time Dusty Rhodes Dusty Rhodes
sounds like a wrestlers name just gonna
put that out there what was the last ted
poe movie you really liked slashed loved
I I really liked Winter Soldier i watch
that a couple nights ago two or three
nights ago before saying Civil War
oh yeah that's a fun movie once your
soldier what our soldiers great and I
like I like the Avengers the first one
you know what's funny after re-watching
Ultron something I noticed do you
remember in Winter Soldier how at the
end there were some people that were
loyal to shield and some that were loyal
to Hydra do you remember the guy who
wouldn't launch the helicarriers early
like with the curly hair the nerdy guy
yeah he's on the Helicarrier at the end
of age of Ultron oh because he was a
shield loyalist and he wouldn't do what
the evil guys wanted him to do so just
like the little things like that in the
cinematic universe er stuff I really
enjoy so like he's one of the pilots on
the revamped Helicarrier at the end of
Ultron from Nick Fury special team it's
like oh that's neat just tiny little
things I didn't notice that the first
time the first ice age of Ultron before
I saw Winter Soldier I like we saw
winter soldier for the first time like
two nights ago that's so crazy to me
yeah I'm a you know I'm a bit of a I
like doing things in order
even you we talked about this like in in
what what episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation should you watch first is
like for me watch them in order cuz they
what our soldiers won I wasn't hyped
about because I can't stand the fucking
last act of the First Avenger Captain
America the First Avenger right right
part of that movie I think it's just
garbage and we have you know we disagree
on that part on and sure that's fine
yeah right so you weren't super hyped
for him yeah it was like well they're
making the sequel okay
now that's a fine movie that elevator
fight scene isn't that great the great
the great part is just like it's really
just that line yeah anybody knows what's
going on or something like that yeah oh
yeah he sees the fight coming before we
get before we get going
he wants to get off now each instance be
and you get that awesome close quarters
fight scenes couldst you know you know
what really struck me after i rewatch
that a little bit ago is how um and
obviously we're getting into spoilers
for Winter Soldier which is an old
enough movie where everyone should have
seen a funny how wonderfully comic book
II the the computer brain room was well
that's that's that's uh Behrens oh ah
right
that's that guy with the TV chest in his
stomach in the comics oh is that oh you
know sometimes I put things together
like that yeah I just love the imagery
of the entire work you know a giant room
full of thousands of reel-to-reel
computer tapes
yeah and you know like this is like
Winter Soldier is a fairly like
quote-unquote serious movie about like
espionage and surveillance and the role
of government and protection and then
you have this you know goofy ass room
with a living computer brain and I I
really enjoy that about the Marvel
Cinematic Universe they're okay they
like having a little fun with it
ah Winter Soldier she's glad you finally
saw it didn't were you told you had to
see it before the new movie did you
decide to I was I was planning on
watching and it wasn't like I wasn't
told like you better you better go see
there's like I think J just asked me
like one day before I left sick are you
gonna you gonna watch winter soldier
I think I will it's the smart call to
make as it obviously it's a very good
movie I also rewatched ant-man recently
because he's in the the Civil War I
haven't seen so I still feel 100% mad
towards a men it's just not I just don't
think it's that good but I kind of want
it to be good because um I can give you
no opinion because I want to love what's
his name who's a man Paul Rudd Paul Rudd
I love Paul Rudd so much that I just
want the movie to be better than it is
and I still think it's good like it's a
fine movie but I want it to be like a
good movie you know if that makes any
sense
it's right now like ant-man is
acceptable and I would I want it to be
good do you want every movie you watch
to be good but but because of Paul Rudd
like I really want it to be good you
know you just you just want the best for
Paul Rudd you right don't you
I don't I don't have strong feelings
about Paul Rudd one way or the other you
don't that typically are you saying you
don't think about Paul Rudd at least a
couple times a day that's what I'm
saying yes like what what he's doing
what's happening with his life correct
correct
really which of course means I hate him
and everything he's ever done rich Evans
why do you hate Paul Rudd so yeah I know
I know
we're gonna died I'll tell you this much
yeah I don't really feel like this is a
spoiler he's a nerd he's entertaining of
course well you said he was lacking in
that bad which I haven't seen I know
he's I know he that character is
entertaining in civil okay no I'm like
he's fine I I felt like his performance
in ant-man he wasn't Paul Rudd enough if
that makes any sense he's Paul Rudd II
in it in civil war okay no and I think
his his character would work a lot
better in an ensemble you know give it
like let him be the snark and let other
people take care of that position I'm
not saying anything else don't say
anything else I am I am most likely
going to feel very different about civil
war than you are so I'm not too worried
but I just don't I don't want to me a
little moment spoil because I'm very
much looking forward to it
as I am a super-hype Marvel Marvel fan
boy and I am I will not apologize for
that oh oh I forgot what I was doing I
gotta go to the X I started cutting
grass as you do in Zelda games
has one dozen Zelda games came out here
active Rex
yeah active I'm running into active Rex
rich are these tektites I forget
tektites are the spiders oh I didn't say
- the one I had spiders yes this protect
eyes doctor rocks or the little octopus
things that shoot rocks you're running
into both I'm running into both I'm
dealing with them a Hendley question is
why why why would octorok cipher be on
land but I know they have been
traditionally in the series just seems
weird they're an October there's some
kind of octopus thing but that's what
makes them so upset rich is they want to
get back to the water and they think
that you're stopping them from getting
back into the water that's where they
fire on you why'd they get out of the
water in the first damn place
well they they're they're octopuses they
can't they don't have like the the
mental capacity for abstract thought
they they're just they're octopuses are
insanely intelligent is that true yes
well there goes my there goes my theory
there was there was something in the
news recently about an octopus that
actually engineered his own escape from
an aquarium and got back into the ocean
that's kind of Awesome
but they're not dumb animals oh yeah
well there you go there you go hey rich
did you uh did you hear about SpaceX the
second landing do you know what SpaceX's
corporation private space corporation by
Elon Musk autonomous reusable rocket
engines yeah for those who don't know
the idea is you know rocket sends
something up into space and then usually
it breaks apart and just is now space
junk but Elon Musk wants to send stuff
up into space and then send the rocket
back down so it can be reused and
haveit autonomous so a computer lands it
and now twice now they have successfully
landed the rocket part which is super
awesome
just for science and everything because
what we're getting to is a cheaper way
to send people to space and what they I
approve of that but I'd be uncomfortable
getting on a privately owned reusable
spacecraft I wouldn't cause like you
know cars you know you use them more
than once and eventually eventually they
break down once your rocket ship breaks
down you died yeah sure sure we've been
using it for 20 years it's works
flawlessly well oh sure you know but I
mean maybe five uses sure sure I'll take
five we still get up in airplanes that
have been around forever and not you
know it's not that often that they crash
this is just a normal thing that happens
oh I know look I am not at all
comfortable getting on an airplane okay
oh yeah rich does not like an airplane
travel what does that kill there was
some kind of rich famous guy who got
killed because the plane he got in was
just super fucking old they've repaired
the wing like 50 times the same crack
and eventually that one's just had a
complete failure yeah yeah absolutely
no it's dangerous I forget who it was
but he was famous and it was it was they
thought it might have been terrorism
because he was connected to some kind of
Cuba thing oh oh but it turned out the
plane was just really fucking old
oh that's horrible I feel bad laughing
oh you dick how do I get to where I want
to go it's like the guy who owned like
Vidal Sassoon or something weird if
something weird like that okay yes that
is weird
the the moral of the story is we are
getting we are start we're seeing the
beginnings of affordable space travel it
was a sea plane I know people in the
chat are trying to look it up all I can
tell you is it was a sea plane and it
crashed because the wing tore off
because it was the crack in the wing
that they just kept fixing over and over
and over again that's fine but
affordable space trip oh yeah I know I
know we're we are living in the future I
would love to stay but we had like a
space or something like that wouldn't it
be amazing yep wouldn't that be yes
amazing I love space Jack fucking love
space
no and Tesla just got a government
satellite bid one of the first
government contracts not to go to die
bolt or Halliburton in like 20 years
it's amazing things are happening in the
world
look Chad you can knock me out and send
me to space but I'll be screaming the
whole weight right I'll wake up even no
even knocked out rich will scream I will
scream will knocked out yeah I fucking
love space and star wars yes
and yeah oh yeah what you're sorry no if
you're known for your after we're at
Lockheed and Boeing Tesla has has
unmanned op alized Lockheed and Boeing
for the first time like 20 or
thirty years to send a satellite into
space for the government and now they
are sending rockets back and forth with
ease it's amazing
did you see their their their model s
biohazard filtration system no it's this
man is amazing so you know his cars are
beautiful his Tesla cars all electric he
is starting to put in them
biohazard filtration systems that that's
meant for a heavily polluted areas you
know he's thinking about like China and
Japan that will filter out pollutants in
the air and according to him that these
filters are so good the safest place to
be during a biohazard attacked is in a
tesla car and so he built a dome with a
car in it he put some chemicals in the
dome and the car started filtering them
out so like inside the car was
breathable air he's an insane person and
I loved him so much
there's something crazy like like Tesla
has not technically earned a profit in
its entire history of being a business
because they keep building too many
awesome things got a couple oh yeah
the riddle of Steel says rich I haven't
seen civil war yet but I know ant-man is
funny and spider-man seems cool from the
trailers what's your hot take on an
insect men crossover team up movie would
they fit well together I'm gonna say yes
yes I think that would be a very fun
team-up who ant-man Paul Rudd ant-man
and what's-his-name Hiddleston or
something we're good the new spider-man
Paul Rudd ant-man and civil wars
spider-man teaming up as movie ant-man
in spider-man oh yeah that'd be a lot of
fun that would be a lot of fun that
would be a lot of fun oh I'm gonna be
crazy
a JM 407 says you guys helped me through
unemployment I start working Monday
congratulations hey welcome back to the
work force I'm so sorry
or congratulations that you have a job
and can now buy stuff every day just a
little bit more your souls gonna get
sucked away and I'm sure you're gonna
really enjoy the food and you can let's
say you can't stand it anymore
so you just can't stand it anymore you
just want to go nuts
one day just bring it just pretty gun to
work or you gonna like enjoy your time
maybe meet some friends and maybe you
don't plan on using let me just feel
like bring it with you once just to just
to see what it feels like just to just
to fill out those waters maybe join join
your your your work softball team and
you know hang out with people and make
friends with common interests it'll be
crazy just knowing that the only thing
that is keeping your boss from from your
soul sucking horrible boss and
co-workers from a horrible end is you're
you're on your own will in in your in
your briefcase you know what's there
speaking to you and then that'll get you
through another day I'll make all the
noise stop just use me I'll make it so
quiet in here enough to get you through
that day but maybe not the next day
maybe not then it's so loud in here we
could make it real quiet
yeah because the future is uncertain in
the end the end is always near I'm sorry
I was just I was just daydreaming about
bidding somebody in the head at the back
end of a rifle what were you talking
about the exact same thing that's
wonderful
you crazy bastard rich I love it
wait I can't aim that's weird I just got
the bow and arrow and maybe I'm wrong
but like usually when you got the bow
and arrow you couldn't move but you use
that stick to aim and now in this one
you can move but you can't control your
aim so we're kind of stuck in whatever
position you were in before that's weird
that feels wrong the chat is asking
where the back end of a rifle thing came
from here's here's how that bit was born
I was I was thinking it would be funny
it's like doing interruption where I
wasn't paying attention because I was
daydreaming about violence I just
thought that was funny mm-hmm
my first thought was club clubbing
somebody to death I was daydreaming
about clubbing somebody bad for that
just not funny enough it's two to
blatantly violent and not quite funny
enough hmm
shooting somebody not quite violent
enough it's a quick end but if you have
the ability to just quickly shoot
somebody but instead you choose to
bludgeon them yeah that's why it's
specifically the back end of a rifle but
I was also like it's it's oddly specific
yeah and so I think that adds a lot to
it just like the the syllable density of
like beating someone in with the back
end of a rifle has a really nice bounce
to it don't you think yeah
get down here tektite we're gonna hit
you with my Ford I did it I hit him with
my Ford Rick now fuck you you know what
fuck you statue
blam-blam-blam- what reg yeah I think we
got another couple tips ok ok we got
some tips some bits of tips hit refresh
refresh that mutter bad gamer Korean
says hey Jack and rich are you having a
great night because I just got into med
school downside is that I'll have to
unsub from prereq in the fall thanks for
the entertainment hey no problem
congratulations on med school you're
gonna make a difference you're gonna
help people you you heal those cripples
do it do it man you're gonna you're
gonna do great things and then when
you're a doctor and making a bazillion
dollars then you subscribe again how
about that if you find the cure for
cancer it's worth the loss of the sub
money find the cure for cancer that's
surprisingly positive rich I love it
cancer cancer cure bad gamer Korean
performing the test I don't care if you
if you're not in med school you start
testing now most people out there to
test on shit
nobody cares you're a rabbit I might get
cancer at some point in the future and I
need that cure
kind of love it kinda love it Perry pper
you know just that pure Pierre P know so
I in there just PE re Pujols is PE re is
peer like like we're peer or were sorry
that's were so that's / yeah / is what I
would say something Jules says hey
prereq what are the odds of us seeing a
highbrow Swamp Thing adaptation within
the next 20 or so years would you
support such a thing
well DC's not gonna do a highbrow
they're just gonna make it dark and
violent and pretend that highbrow but I
would love to see a dark and violent
Swamp Thing
so I'm okay with that wishes do we think
we'll see it no okay you know why the
swampthing can't have abs know what I
want you to do is pictured DC's version
of Superman and Batman right now like
the just huge muscle e handsome men and
then picture Swamp Thing and we can't
have super handsome Swamp Thing or we
more importantly we should not have
super handsome Swamp Thing because
that's not one things thing and you know
they would want that they would they
would treat it like like like that
frankenz i frankenstein remember i
frankenstein yeah this nobody saw is
super sexy Frankenstein's monster that's
what they would want that's what they
would want to do is Swamp Thing they
were like you know what we'll make him
like some green paint on them maybe you
like some
here there but at least super sexy chris
hemsworth his Swamp Thing exactly
unless convinced that that's that'll be
why you don't see it I don't know oh
well no no that's why we shouldn't want
to see it I don't I don't think they'd
make it that way Jack cuz that's what it
would be rich that's exactly what it
would be I think I'm ready to call it as
it's quarter to midnight that's fine
I think you've got a decent stream I
thought I think so we cobbled it
together sorry for the late start sorry
for missing Wednesday that's my fault
completely I'm glad that rich was there
to pick up the slack for me do you have
the washer on I do have talked Ron
before before we read torture names I do
want to mention right now on vices
YouTube channel they have a mini
documentary about the making of Miami
connection I saw that it's it's like 20
minutes or so and it's it's a the guy
that actually found the reel that
discovered the real who is one of the
hackers from deadliest prey that's I
thought he was one of them I wasn't 100%
sure into interviews YK came some of the
cast's and kind of goes through the
history of Miami connection and it is
amazing it's like I want it to be a
feature-length documentary I want it to
be longer it's so good and I was really
worried about watching it like a couple
people on Twitter we're telling me about
it I was really worried about watching
it and I realized why that is is because
I think some of the reason why I haven't
seen the room is because I think Tommy
Wiseau is a dickhead that's how he comes
across as a super asshole to me and
that's why I've never been interested in
seeing the room
okay that's at least part of the reason
and so like I didn't want to watch this
documentary like it was like what if YK
came it's like a total dickhead right
yeah where is this again this is a vise
made it so you go to vices YouTube
channel it's on YouTube I'm sure I'm
sure just searching for Miami connection
documentary that might that might find
it for you too yes oh I'm already seeing
links in the chat yes bad gamer Korean
captain nitpick thank you for linking to
that go watch it now it is and it's like
but also YK is this amazing man who just
wanted to make a movie and is it's
heartfelt and it was a really fun
documentary and I wanted to make sure
everyone knew about it go watch that
tonight because it's great okay so
subscribers before you read that and
last tip last mister mister glitch
desire which preacher said learning to
solder
check out these tutorials thank you very
much oh actually I will actually look at
that because I am dirty and I would like
to know how to solder well now we know
what rich is gonna do with all of his
free time he's gonna eventually Jack I'm
gonna solder a fucking capture card into
this 3d yes I am super excited about
that and we will stream it and I might
hope that you fail live I'm not saying I
want you to like fail at life I just
wanted us to film it and then we'll film
you succeeding too to kind of let's make
it that's that's awful still closer of
you Jack yeah I just know what makes
good videos
well here's what I really want I want
you to fail for a little bit and then I
want you to figure out what went wrong
and fix it so it ends on a high note
okay how about that how about that all
right let's see here we have spy net
three one five um kool-aid man 19 months
in a row
Genghis Borgnine eighteen months in a
row kick girl V also could be kick girl
five if you're going Roman numeral
Durkin
outside think of me
wow that's great jerkin Durkin like like
turducken like through ducking but with
dumb people Durkin killer cbh iron eyes
jolly nihilist uh hold on for a second
come axion says that Miami connection
dock is full length what maybe you just
saw a shorter version version I'm
clicking on that link to max in I'm
opening that URL come axion commit Sein
boom got it thank you
fucking got it I don't know if this is
working or oh it's loading hold on I
want to pause it that's great you might
have just heard a little bit of the
intro to that and sorry about that same
thing just happened to me know that link
is for the full Miami connection Oh
welcome back get your shit together get
your shit together that is just for the
movie apparently that's not I've seen
the movie you guys get it together where
was I
I don't pirate that shit don't pout ion
eyes
Joey nihilist kracko Kane eight months
in a row
galactic Shana six months in a row dr.
Gunter hunter hanker for five months in
her hometown mark up 21 fucking months
in a row terror both eyes out four
months in a row bad Korean gamer seven
months in Rome thank you all for
subscribing we've really appreciate it I
really do it's really true and thanks
for coming out on a Friday night oh
there there no no Sunday probably no
Sunday as it is Mother's Day and why
don't we just say definitely so there's
not like confusion right up until the
time sure that's probably a good idea
yeah no no stream on Sunday as it is
Mother's Day we will see you next
Wednesday for more fun and excitement
good I don't know where OBS is so I
can't end awkwardly rich that's fine
what just sends it you know I unless we
could do a proper ending but I hope I
have to like click I have so many
windows open on here