Episode 133
DOOMED (Part 2)
July 1, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zjBBuvpa0Y
___________________________________________

great great
doom is great everything is great I do
need to get good I mean uh I don't know
if you notice I'm still in team fortress
mode with my Rockets where I don't aim
for the character I aim for the
character's feet and I don't even know
if these Rockets have that kind of
Splash Damage
but in Team Fortress 2 whenever you
would play as the soldier you would
always want to aim at the character's
feet to make sure that if you missed
they'd still get Splash Damage start
epic Jason that is a good question does
anyone really care about Gears of War
for no no I played the first couple of
gears there all right yeah I bought the
third one used I never got around to
playing it yeah no I don't think anyone
plays they killed the only interesting
character like near the end of the
second one yeah be Carmen oh yeah
the the the greenhorn hmm he was so fun
if you can't read you know such a boob
but you kept rooting for him yep
surviving even though he was supposed to
die and then when they finally killed
him oh no why'd you have to do that no
now we're just full of these jocks
yeah game is full of jocks oh yeah joy
has gone posse Maura I'm excited for
overwatch I'm probably gonna buy it I
don't know if we're gonna do anything
for it on the show but I'm looking
forward to playing overwatch yes
Oh do I have to change this with you oh
I turned the controller off oh oh oh
there it is oh oh just wasn't there I
just had to hit buttons it's just you
just had to wake up um I've heard
nothing but good things about overwatch
and I've stayed completely away from the
beta because I don't like you guys know
me I don't I don't like betas I don't
like early access I wait until a game is
done and so I'm really excited to get
into some overwatch so what the hell is
overwatch
it's the new Team Fortress 2 it's a it's
a team based or it's a multiplayer
online only first-person shooter that is
a class based teams and so different
characters have different attributes you
know the sniper the fast mover the the
century event that kind of stuff and so
by working as a team there becomes a
sort of rock-paper-scissors balance you
know like if one guy is destroying you
as this character you can be this
character and have an edge up on him and
it's made by Blizzard and everybody says
it's really great so I'm looking forward
to it
no I don't think battleborn is a MOBA
either I think battleborn is also a
class-based first-person shooter I've
just heard that battleborn has real
balance issues
and that could be true I Joe 79 that
modern Vedas are just glorified demos
but I the something I would I would hate
to fall in love with something in a game
and then have it taken away after the
demo like oh we decided not you know to
remove that or conversely I'd hate to
like have a sour experience with the
beta and then they say oh no we fixed
that all for the real game it's like I
still have would have that sourness in
my head i I'm gonna wait until your game
is done and then I will play battleborn
is a mobile is it really I did not know
that all right time to go time to go
time to go rich do it kill all the
demons
do-do-do-do-do-do sorry Cass we had to
take a little break from exploding
demons stretched it's a whole thing
ha tardy says overwatch goes beyond Team
Fortress 2 in that each individual
character has unique skills and
abilities ie multiple unique heavies
snipers healer Scouts oh that's it I'm
I'm really excited I'm really excited to
get into it that's probably just gonna
be a me game maybe will stream it oh now
you gotta kill harder rich don't let him
get away so I'll probably stream it a
little bit but that might just be a game
yes for me every once in a while we need
a game just for you
now let's enter your home today oh yeah
merci hell yeah Nina's good keep seeing
the bottom keeping battle yeah but you
know what in order to get it you got to
be close enough there's some there's
some there's some balance in there and
you know keep the fight I'm gonna be
okay with it because it keeps you
fighting I just kill harder that's right
oh my good I could have a subscriber
over lunch game that'd be fun yeah why
is there a health bar instead of a doom
guy Fitz you're right you're absolutely
right
your face let's see here I bought the
hot toys one-sixth the Ripley figure and
it's being sent to my mom's house how do
I can L how do I convince her I don't
just want to have sex in it you know
that sounds like a conversation for you
and your mom's
doom face mod yes I'm sure that will be
one of the very first mods is replacing
your health bar with the doom guy face
that's and that's true Tiberius Kirk I
think for that the amount of money you
spent on that one-sixth Ripley oh yeah I
used it okay are you good oh fuck I fell
down fell down go boom down again right
wrist settle down settled my parkour is
failing me I know you're super excited
to play the doom game but it's cut you
guys got Jill you got chill for two
seconds here no I don't believe you can
rocket jump in this game I believe you
can rock it explode did you try it I
have not tried but if you have you just
reached a checkpoint maybe try rocket
jumping no no I enjoy my health but I
wouldn't be shocked if they put rocket
jumping ends is a doom game still
they're going for that old-school flavor
there might be a rocket jump
am I still excited for no man's sky and
what do I think about the $60 price
thing I assumed a $60 price tag as it is
a big game I know I I'm worried about
how old how quick yeah
we have not seen a lot since any of the
e3 what we have seen it seems shockingly
similar yes
so I don't know anymore I do it for 60 I
don't know I'm not I'm not pumped I'm
not surprised at the $60 price tag it's
a big game big games with 60 bucks
ooh and it is it's granny GILF granny
GILF wants all the demons she wants to
bring hell on her why who cares they
bring the demons say you could shoot him
in the face you can shoot something
that's why she did it for you it's
because she loves you doing gay fucking
door eyes on mage absolving my sins
before seeing past oh that's right
that's right it is the media being rich
sorry for the errors in the trading card
I hope you liked it jack sorry for the
card I sent it in bit odd I hoped you
liked the dick there's a card that's
right those are funny Jack could you
please repeat the steagle Radler
grapefruit beer drink recipe I picked up
some when I was in Austria a couple of
months ago but I can't remember in which
video you talked about okay so now that
it is technically summertime even though
today in Milwaukee it was 32 degrees as
it gets warmer weather it is becoming my
favorite drink the season which is
steagle rather so there's two ways to
drink it so the steagle radler is a
grapefruit juice beer and it is a
delicious beer and you have it over ice
with gin you put it you know glass with
ice put it as much gin as you want in
the bottom couple shots worth fill the
rest with grapefruit juice radler and
it's delicious
I've also had it with tequila and it's a
very interesting flavor a little you
just
not jump at all well I did but
apparently I was already still in the
error when I hit the jump I don't think
you jumped at all fuck you
where do I find this period most liquor
stores will have a grapefruit juice rod
ler steagle rattler is what it's called
check your local liquor store
Steagall rod ler so gin on the bottom or
tequila
tequila's is interesting it makes it a
little deeper of a flavor so like if
you're going for lighter you go for gin
you go for deeper you go for tequila get
a nice mezcal tequila not the one with
the scorpion on the bottle oh that's the
bad one apparently I don't know much
about tequila but that's what I was told
so that is the recipe I like gin I
prefer gin on the bottom just cuz I like
it real life Virginia on your bar I
prefer gin on the bottom that's just
that's really freaky I could understand
not to have known that chai know just
and then you just and you wiggle on it a
little bit and that's a day it's a great
it's what the kids call an overshare oh
that's no we call it a splashy flap
splashy flap I hid a hit platform Jack
chin on the bottom I hate platform it
Jenna and about it perhaps what missed
my last two tips missed my last tip yeah
sorry guys for the venting tonight just
felt like getting off my chest
fYI the stuff with Thor was bangin we
read those apps apps apps I'm sorry I'm
with the apps which one you read the the
thing with Aurra happened in 2008 yeah
yeah heard that visited and then you
said sorry for venting tonight I think
you said that
I don't know was that before or after
the I think the last what I read was the
the thorough well then sorry apps Jack
my friend the reason I think doom 4 is
so good is the engine is the engine
going back to 1993 and it's been refined
over and over what other game has this
kind of investment love the show the
engine rich what about in it is why doom
is the greatest is the gameplay the
engine smooth the engine is a good
engine know the fast pace gunplay focus
on movements and and weapons the engine
makes it happen
interesting interesting hijack hybrid
speaking of high price tags I just
watched your stream of the witness I
feel like you should be compensated for
your talking love the streams well thank
you solo 567 for compensating us for the
witness yeah that one the engine doesn't
get in the way ox it yeah seeing that
like I don't think the engine makes it
it's like what they say about a good
editor right a good editor is one you'll
never notice yeah does he make it sure
but it's like it's all part of it the
engine the engine is part of what makes
doom the doom so good no I think it I
made this in unreal
it's the gameplay what does why I said
it made a good fast-paced that's the
quit that's the question right we're
gonna there's a lot of games I probably
haven't played that maybe the damn them
but I mean I don't know you see a lot of
things a battlefield
player you see the battlefield one stuff
looks neat
what is this battlefield one World War
one they're going back to World War one
whatever looks neat I don't give a shit
you know what I want to know what I want
in in some shooters I want to go back to
iron sights
no no reticle just iron sights you know
what I don't want to aim down the sights
at all I like I love this Jack I know
you love this I love this that's what I
like in my shooters this is a fine
shooter it's a fine shooter I'm never
going back I'm never here to anything
you're just playing doom for the rest of
your life until they make a new doom a
new doom to because now they've made it
a new doom one something like a medium
to
I know perhaps I still have not seen
Civil War and I feel like a bad nerd no
you're fine I'm sure I'm it's film
here's the real thing is it hasn't been
a huge priority for me because I know
I'm probably going to enjoy it you know
because I I know I'm that kind of person
I did though over the weekend finally
see Deadpool have you seen the Deadpool
I need to you know I need is one of
those things I'd like to see really
enjoyed it I won't get too much into it
because rich hasn't seen it had some of
the funniest moments in recent history
I've seen that movie watches superhero
movies ice
nice I like that I've been zits doom to
more doom to doom we put the dope the
dome in the dome dome sure what that was
way my dad owned a dome and no home dome
captain jerk says you guys are great
yeah captain it was ji RK ya jerk
because what jerk jerk jerk
I kept Angier G Eric where was I you
guys are great which is genre of game if
any would you most like to see use V are
rich and I aren't hugely sold on VR yeah
in general and so I'm wondering if it
wouldn't be like 3ds been like since the
fifties just a gimmick they keep trying
to push right but never quite as never
quite worth it yes gimmick this is fun
that's fun every once in a while maybe
something you know what space flight sim
sure anything anything like legging it
like a first-person shooter I think the
lack of tactile sensations is gonna kill
it
yeah maybe you couldn't do sword
fighting again the lack of lack of the
lack of feedback you're right be like
you're running you're not really running
around you're just sitting there with a
helmet on your head you know I don't
know one of the things that got me
excited one of the very first times I
saw like an oculus
demo someone was playing Team Fortress 2
on it and of course doctors two guys and
they were playing as the scout and they
were doing a thing where you know the
the gun stayed in front of you but you
could look all around the world yeah and
then and and so they were playing as the
scout and they the Scout can double jump
and so like the Scout can go really high
and so like the gun was still facing
forward and they were shooting a guy in
front of them they were jumping up and
they were like looking all around for
the other guys and then they were
turning they got like they were doing
all this stuff and it was so amazing the
way they were doing is just like having
that kind of control over all the things
you could look at in a game seems like a
really great idea isn't it just a mouse
but then you're looking with the gun
what you see them you don't have to
worry about swinging the gunner yeah but
like could you imagine like having
control over both like oh I'll shoot
this guy this next guys over yeah yeah
you can aim and shoot looking and you're
just gonna miss everything that's a
great idea Jack you get you get your
whole sense of your surroundings what is
a good idea you have like a space flight
sim you take like an elite dangerous or
like a Wing Commander and you're sitting
in a fucking cockpit and then when
you're steering then you can look to see
like what other ships are around you
without completely turning your ship
away you don't want to go that would be
great that would also be good and I
would also add to the sim enos of it so
I'm well with any kind of flight sim or
Space Flight yeah cuz I like space I'm
science fiction or these flights right
right okay back to you I had to stop to
talk that's alright that's alright the
point is we're not sold on VR
and then against trying it out oh yeah
not against it there there's plenty of
ways to do it
well we're I'm looking into anything
that we might be able to do strain but
hey Jack hey rich says MC Lucas glad to
see you're enjoying doom the doom
looking forward to riches no death luck
we'll see how hard nightmare is I might
try Ultra nightmare yeah yeah nice
truth yes yes twitchplayspokemon we are
not interested in VR yo show me once I
see the app once I see the game that is
gonna make it worth it Wow fuck
we'll get 100 bucks
no rocket jumping no rocket jumping back
jyggalag yes we are saying that rich
hates VR that is the official consensus
of everyone here rich aides BR I hate
you all don't think he thinks everything
that's what I really hate Oh
that makes sense yeah thought about it
for four seconds and I realized oh yeah
it's you will need power is what's going
on Rich's hate fuels our love yes so
much so
it is well you know it's it's not even
about major games VR like we just need
where's that thing go
what thing the thingamajig but that ship
in the the upgrade droid droid drone
who's there
it flew down here oh oh
aha it just needs like the one game
where everyone says it's absolutely
worth it for this one game like I've
been seeing a bunch of goofy games with
VR and it all looks like cute but it
looks like something that would like be
worth a nights worth of giggles you know
what should I do here what is the chat
one what are what upgrade does the chat
want to play with what are we looking at
remote detonation or lock on verse he
deep blessed explosive shot give me for
anything let's have to be for them oh
sure you could swap I'm not even a big
rocket launcher guy I don't like I don't
like weapons with Splash Damage where I
can murder myself yeah they're saying
lock-on burst lock-on bursts supposed to
I I actually you know what maybe you
want remote detonation then scope yeah
just you scope this out okay I like you
know I chose la close have shot
explosive shot I like it's like it's a
grenade launcher why wouldn't you want
that I didn't say it
all right see how that works out great
let's do it
zooming it up oh it's terrible
I mean it's a very logic
well yeah shattered atom and it didn't
hit him directly and nothing happened
maybe you need to get good let's see how
bad this way
I'll miss why didn't another guy die
I hit a like right behind him oh well
given a weird wall detection thing yeah
the little shopbot is is abused in his
game but he's a robot so he doesn't feel
anything it's okay it was built by the
UA
seeing them jerks yep they're all jerks
yep ever even the robots are jerks
that's why I got to smack him around a
little bit that breeds like on this
bigger boom yeah increase the explosion
yeah reduces yeah and reduces the load
time it's right that's right
and see like the question is like if VR
will be ubiquitous in 10 years and my
like my guess is not my guess is it will
be a lot like 3d for movies where it's
gonna be a huge fad for a little bit and
a lot of people will agree it's cool but
no there won't be that thing that will
convince people that it's a must-have
it's it'll be an add-on and that's it
there's no reason you need the 3d and it
for a movie to work just like there's no
reason you need VR for a game to work
unless you can start making the games
and that's just not gonna happen I don't
think it's gonna happen
nobody agrees 3d is cool I filmmakers
love 3d they still love 3d James fucking
Cameron 3ds 60 Fred's seconds could
change the way we watch movies filmmaker
other than James Cameron wisely I'm sure
there are some they keep working and
prominently openly loves him who's not
James Cameron Wow yeah he's the big one
but anyone other than him I doubt I
think he's an outlier you think people
out that are the the studios you know
the studios I mean the like the theater
chains love that Peter Jackson was they
think it's a it's a gimmick that will
keep people in a theater and not just
just waiting for Netflix Peter Jackson
was big on 60 frames a second was he big
on 3d he might have been big on 3d was
he big on 3d there st. Peter Jackson
okay eglee Zack Snyder no I don't think
Zack Snyder was
I'll be a medicine how do I feel about
chips on a sandwich that's gross
yeah just um well it's not for me it's
also dumb yeah
chips do not belong in a sandwich chips
are not the kind of crunch that belongs
in a sandwich get out of here
the 3d TVs are dead 3d is a stepping
stone to VR no mm not no the VR won't be
a thing until we can get rid of the
goggles this is a real thing people
don't want to strap shit to their heads
and you can't convince the general
popular you know tech people game people
they'll strap suits in their heads I
don't think you're gonna convince the
general public to strap shit to their
heads so until we can not strap shit to
our heads
you're not gonna it's not going to be
the main way we experience entertainment
people are lazy neither of us have
beaten the game I'm pretty far rich is
really taking his time as he is treasure
hunting but I'm close to beating the
game
first day of seven that ran problem oh
that's right yes people and people are
cheap that's that's really true people
are lazy and people are cheap and
they're not going to spend money on
something that they have to strap to
their head it's it oh this is very
carefully what the fuck doom guy that is
characterization gold that is brilliant
this is brilliant that's beautiful but
that's the thing twitchplayspokemon 3d
movies have existed for nearly a hundred
years not a hundred years that's that
camping trip 3d movies have existed for
a long time and have never become the
standard they are still a fringe
spectacle 3d movies and VR is becoming
commercially available but we're talking
about something that people are asking
on whether or not it's going to take
over as the standard and I just don't
see it happening I'm also a curmudgeonly
old man that's where I came from in it
maybe I am I don't remember the second
so like I I could just be you know I
could be all all up in these damn kids
need to get off my lawn but I don't see
like the the non-gaming people in my
life the the the more casual gamers I
can't see them strapping something to
their head
nice noise yes a guitar so when when we
have a holodeck type setup when when
people can but also like think about
like the biggest part of watching TV or
gaming sitting down
people don't like moving almost lost it
they had a little we had a little hiccup
because remember you not only need to
make something cool you then need to
convince everybody that they need it
remember when people are trying to
convince everyone that they needed a 4k
TV that worked out like gangbusters
people still aren't sold on 4k and
that's just like that's an easy sell
it'll look prettier
looks pretty enough yeah and then
everybody said nah we're cool everything
was ready buy all this shit again it's
some kind of super blu-ray now just
watch blu-rays I had to get rid of my
DVDs a super-clean rip and he's super
blurry I don't like this at all oh my
god
fuck off what's Netflix well Netflix is
streaming at 480 I'll take that how
about that that's easier for me as a
consumer yeah run you fucker
I love the enemy AI am as they do
they'll run away from you
Netflix does have 4k content your and
there there is some 4k content out there
but that's not what people are missed a
thing
haste now just makes it run fast they
would have it handy yeah sure sure sure
what do these demon guys do when Doom
guys they're these demon guys some of
them are actual demons and before doom
guy got there this was a functional base
and so these demons have been ripping
people apart and destroying the base the
people running the base kind of weird
yeah they're occult well that you know
they were trying to harness demon hel
energy for human consumption and it
backfired on them
strangely enough and so the demons have
been killing all the humans that have
been it earlier in the in the game we
learned that's sixty one sixty one
thousand people died on the base and
they said about eighty percent of them
had been turned into demons and so some
are demon proper and some are people who
are turned into demons so if you see
like you know there's like hell's stuff
sprayed on the wall you know they've
been the demons have been pretty busy I
think they've been doing stuff tagging
you know someone's got to lay out all
this armor and ammo that's probably the
demons like waiting for doom guy
yeah beautiful beautiful oh sorry I've
been missing some haps skies ice pirates
is a must for the next best of the worst
there is a 36 second clip to sell you on
it check it out it's a movie I loved as
a kid pirates he don't take no shit to
God please stop destroying this stuff I
don't want you guys fuck he knows what's
up he's nobody's bitch fuck you guy lord
bellman says Peter Jackson was big on 48
frames per second 3d sucks and John
Carmack is so devoted to oculus he quit
ed software
yep really yeah I was not big on VR but
I really trust its Carmack he knows his
stuff okay I appreciate his genius
alright how old modded user said first
livestream managed to catch I've gotten
tons of entertainment from your YouTube
and thought I'd say thanks you rock
I agree VR just isn't there yet to
justify the cost thank you yeah another
thing about VR it's one of those things
you don't want the first generation yeah
wait till we wait till we really figure
this out it's like buying the first
automobile you know like like turn a
hand crank to get us started like there
aren't even any roads yet yeah wasn't it
when they was making roads for your car
the way the first up where the first car
was out like you had to turn it off when
a horse came by cuz you couldn't scare
the horses there's like a law for that
so yeah you don't want that
how about we wait so the roads are there
that being said that leads us to a
chicken and egg kind of situation where
if there aren't enough early adopters
they won't build the roads you love the
early adopters take care of that you
come in once they got that shit right
wait till they get the roads that's
that's the that's the theme for tonight
that's that's wise words from previously
recorded thing called VCR weighs 80
pounds record 4 seconds of a TV show oh
my god and it's only $80,000 sign me up
sign me up Facebook is going to own a
huge slice of the VR market even if they
discontinued the rift tomorrow
regardless of how you feel them that's
true that's true Facebook does has a
huge stake in VR and they are a powerful
company you still need the games you
still need the apps we need the we need
the infrastructure we need the roads
there you know one can point to that
thing that you must have everyone was
willing to sign their their their
internet privacy away because they
agreed they liked looking at their
family's pictures that was Facebook like
yeah I will share my entire life on
Facebook as long as I get to you know
like hang out and like see my family's
pictures that was the that was the
must-have app right and we need that
with VR or else is never gonna sell
never gonna sell happen perhaps I did
not miss your last tip but I you you
don't have to tip to tell us we mister
tips or maybe that's your joke now I
don't know
that's true if anyone does figure it out
Facebook will buy them or copy them that
is very very true to it uh well I'm not
trying to validate while I don't have
something cavity because I'm trying to
explain why I don't have something I
potato potato I guess
uh sorry Chen obligatory random question
of the day do you guys like Asian food
if so what kind I like foie and ramen
rich Co Asian food I've avoided Asian
restaurants for a slight going to the
China Buffet yeah
crab cake kind of thing I lose in it I
one day I want but the turnip effect
yeah Mike I just have like it's got a
spinach thing it's just a spinach thing
and they must have used like the same
pan they cooked like got a tuna fish or
something in uh-huh
cuz I had a horrible allergic reaction
and I almost suffocated in the fucking
China Buffet uh-huh ever since then I've
been averse to it it's yours your rent
you have many food allergies nuts and
fish apparently official yes some fish
there's the two big ones yeah yeah and
you know I was really big with with
Asian food is fish yep yeah I enjoy all
sorts of Asian food I enjoy a ramen is
my absolute favorite if if there was a
decent ramen restaurant do you consider
just plain old rice Asian food no no I
do not
rice is big in Asia they like the right
okay know what oh yeah you got it
just can't just this Charles barrels I
thought this was the one way you had to
destroy enemies week with barrels but
I love ramen if there was a decent ramen
restaurant near where I live I would
probably eat ramen many times a week I
love it it is one of my absolute
favorite foods nicely done thank you
I love sushi I would I would eat sushi
every day if there was a good sushi
restaurant near my house I love loves to
die that's probably not true but I love
sushi so yes I like a lot of Asian food
Chinese food it's like hit or miss you
know like you find those Chinese
restaurants are like the Chinese buffets
where it's like yeah it's all right
sometimes it's not so all right
whenever y'all are inelegant best ramen
houses sarah chin i was silver like
ramen that's a ramen place I've been to
a couple times now in Silver Lake just
because that's where that's where my
cousin lives and there's this ramen
place right down the street from him
called Silver Lake rum and that has
really great ramen so if you are ever
near there
I recommend silver like Robin Robin
have you played with the snap map thing
yet
no what is this snap map yet even looked
at that I haven't looked at it either
but I'm just I wanted you to know it
existed no I saw it on the thing I oh I
thought you were gonna explain what it
was that's the love letter oh okay no no
I have I I am gonna play a little
multiplayer I wanted to finish the game
first yeah yeah I don't know if I'm
gonna bother with the multiplayer yeah
yeah I just wanted me to turn it on
totally don't give a shit
100% no shits given okay Frenchie a
knife right nope no it's some for
campaign that's enough okay yeah I've
had a couple Sarah Chen I've had a
couple Romans in LA and silver like
seemed to be the best also it's just the
one I've been to the most often because
that's my cousin lives so that's where I
was staying so that's right good not
accustomed to this kind of non-linearity
isn't it great where you gonna go you
gotta figure I mean you could always hit
the cheap button
you could play fan-made maps can you
just make yeah single-player maps I
thought it was only for multiple I'd
believe its single-player like you can
place the enemies I I haven't touched
him yet
ooh but I think that's a thing that
exists we could do that you want to look
at it before we do in the stream sure
yeah oh look at him I'm going to Silver
Lake groundswell oh great
well there's fucking game on he knows he
knows what's up by or she are they or it
and you're right I have been ignoring my
little map locator yeah every little
thing I know
it's for single-player - you can place
enemies that sounds really neat I
thought that was just for multiplayer
maps but that sounds cool B oh sorry
sorry jack and perhaps sorry jack
reading the chat watching for tips
talking to rich and watching game is a
lot to handle at once don't mean to be a
pain but check out the clip tonight a
festival yes ight well I rich knows it
wish
ice ice pirates oh yeah
rich knows it love it as a kid not sure
what I'd think isn't it dull is it a
kids movie I was a kid I just knew it
was space and science fiction and they
had the robots all I knew or cared about
a time great - is like a tack look at
that Jack it's a super shot I know super
fucking shotgun
it makes the guts go like crazy far so
many guts it's just like the guts I love
Anna gobble tease the groups -
gobbledygook rich what says Lord Belmont
how do you think Carmack is a weirdo
I've just read that he's I've heard it
implied that he was like a sociopath
yeah like he didn't really have much in
the way of empathy towards look towards
other human beings okay is what I've
heard about him hmm don't know how true
it is
read the masters of doom I want to what
is that
that's the made a book about it Oh rise
of its off for the rise and fall Oh fun
it focuses on the relationship between
karmic and morale
oh okay interesting Carmack ordered a
medium pepperoni pizza from dominos
almost every day for years through the
early days of Eid software that is very
strange
yes
very strange fearful slut boy says hey
Jack did you ever end up watching that
video where Edmund and Tommy troll a
sleazy producer who wanted to make a
super meatboy movie they string him
along with nonsense for an hour it's
great oh it's No thank you for reminding
me I remember I want to go watch that
one of those that I'll get around to you
a very important question from yonder
yonder rich does rich like the
pump-action more than he loves the juicy
checker yes
how else are you gonna get to that juicy
Shack meat unless he gets a pump-action
you know I'm saying no I'm saying no I'm
saying it's just something satisfying
about that you'll get with the double
barrel
yes and these do have the quake jump
pads I'm fine with that
wait was basically just the evolution of
doom anyway Optimus said that we used
hell energy to solve to solve the human
energy crisis yeah
and that's how we got demons and shit on
but where did we come from Jack what
where did this marine come from he wakes
up and he's in case there's some kind of
stone - I'm excited to find out right
he's naked in a stone tomb I know we're
ever gonna find out I think it's part of
the story that's what my guess is that's
what my guess is Energon right but by
the way they like that little bit of
story it happens while you're walking
around like they don't they don't you
know go to a cutscene what story isn't
bad story in games is not bad I don't
want to seem like that's the message I'm
advocating the story is bad when it
comes at the expense of gameplay like a
quantum break they focus all their
energy on on making a TV show and making
cinematic cutscenes and then the
gameplay feels kind of bland and blah
the game paints afterthought yes if your
game is not an afterthought that story
have a good story and good characters
but don't ignore your fucking game
HAP says ice pirates is a serious
adventure of Star Wars meets the dark
themes of Mad Max meets the goofiness of
Spaceballs not for kids and a lot of
great action and goofy humor another
space herpes there's space herpes gets
that runs around on the ship it's wasn't
very supervised disentangled watches
movie it's got spacing right i watch
that it's got space in it I'm watching
space and you know what I'm fine
everything was fine everything's fine
boom rich what what what is his doom
game of the year so far uh what else
came out this year Oh
Game of the Year such meaningless things
Raven I know that's what they're
referring my my stance on that I'm
enjoying it yeah and yes I see in the
chat we have both played enter the
gungeon I really like it I like it I
just so many things to play and do and
see in life yep right now doom is taking
over
I like doom better even though you
cannot compare the two you absolutely
cannot compare a top-down twin-stick
roguelike shooter to doom that's another
thing that's weird well the game of the
year like this these things don't really
know they're not in competition no it's
different it's different things
Oh something I can't make that jump I
think you've been down there already
I've been in here huh I've not been in
here oh I don't think you need to go in
there well it's probably something in
there Jack if you if you can't get in
there easily yeah you can see it it's
probably something hidden there okay I'm
not sure where I'm going though though
I'll be honest with you well you got it
follow you the things I fell over again
let me do a dead-end
well it's me and there's something
beyond this wall I think but I don't
know where to get her button you have to
press and I couldn't use the phone map
you could use them now probably what I
could do yeah that seems like a lot of
work oh oh you're just on the wrong
level yeah go down or up not down
you got a good down level this is what I
gotta get up here no I gotta go to that
arrow for the arrows there's me no
you're the dumb guy what this yeah
that's a collectible to hell oh then you
gotta go up yeah I gotta go up Oh what
are you talking about I love this
exploration bit pool don't bedont I have
never said anything negative about about
this exploration in fact I've said
positive things like they reward you in
this game not with just trinkets and
treasures they reward you with more
demons to kill which is a great way to
reward a player and the duma game about
the big shadowy ly5 speaking nope nope
sorry tired and sad says have you guys
seen edge of tomorrow it's probably the
closest to a genuinely good cinematic
version of doom or quake I don't know if
I'd go that far but edge of tomorrow is
a fan
tastic movie probably a lotta but I
haven't seen it you would love it it's a
great it sounds like a fun premise
really fun premise it's a Tom Cruise
and some Biddy I forget her name at the
moment come here it'll rip your fucking
hat off nope rip Oh punch it yes fuck
your heart out
ah fuck eyes killing everything kill
that hologram it's a it's Tom Cruise and
some bidding on a dime Jack and the
premises they're fighting an unbeatable
alien force and Tom Cruise ends up with
a magical power that gives him a
groundhog state powers anytime that he
dies he resets to that morning and so he
uses his knowledge of what will happen
in the day to to defeat the enemy and so
on and so forth fantastic
fan-fucking-tastic movie Emily damn luck
there was an invisible wall but I didn't
die Wow I dig it invisible wall which is
which is kind of bullshit kind of
bullshit that woulda been a shitty way
to lose yes yes it would have been emily
Blunt's is the name of dbiddy
in edge of tomorrow I think it's on
Netflix - you should everyone should see
it it's a fantastic sci-fi movie no you
were here already I'm going back up I
jumped down I tried to get in that area
oh I almost died for my exploration Jack
hunter back jack we are talking about
edge of tomorrow that's okay if you die
because of exploration that's a fine
sacrifice its Groundhog's Day with
sci-fi bars it's like videogame
Groundhog's Day it's great yes rich
approves of new doom professor Sultan
is that not obvious well hey they just
came okay they just came to the stream
they wanted to know if you person very
much so very much so
okay sorry shadowy leave I'm speaking of
story and gameplay have you guys heard
of the crisis franchise it's the most
underrated game and underappreciated
it's very entertaining gets fun cheesier
you guys should check it out crisis oh
you wanted this
fuck you of doom god nobody's bitch I
kind of love it
his whole purpose is to destroy that's
it he murders demons yes that's what I
do it doesn't care about you a C's
unethical crap I need you to save these
lenses they're very dodo God stop
stomping on the Duke guy alright doom
guy I have a stealth mission for you
it's very important to dunk I don't know
it makes for a great character it really
does describe I enjoy being this doom
guy yes I enjoy it thoroughly smashing I
play a game like this because you don't
want to take crack you want to you want
to shoot demons in the face have to go
over here and do that whatever shut up
you ever read the between the missions
stuff yeah doctor it's offered me my
health
I don't I don't that's great doom guy is
an actual character this doom guy has a
lot of great characterization and you're
right path is rich and Jack always loved
Triple A games always all the time
apps Jack here's a link to the space
herpes scene in ice pirates Thank You
apps to click on it got it I watch it
what game I don't even like it's hard to
even remember what games came out this I
don't sort these things by your just
what's a good game let's the only
question eat this is a good game it's a
good game it's it's hard to remember and
the we're not even far into the year
it's hard to remember what came out this
year enter the gungeon necrolyte drifter
julia stardew valley yesterday valley
started fire watches like you know what
would you take do rumors start new
family well they're so fucking different
so that's bullshit compare it's the
other thing that's the stand up timer
everybody that is the stand of timer
that means it's time to stand up down
revenue check is a revenant
what a revenant Jack the skeleton
monster with Rockets great oh I love
revenant Jack
whoa
oh you guys are right we need to put up
a spooky warning for these revenant
encounters he's one of them Skellington
rich what the revenant they're a
Skellington man days ah you need to be
doomed boots Danko no boots
double jump boom I agree by the way the
best part is when he killed that guy
eatable Lando is second have either of
you seen the trailers for the movies
after last season or sir Billy what nope
the trailers themselves have baffled me
for years and could use a some best of
the worst expertise thanks for all the
laughs nope
by the way Chet I really am enjoying
myself
we're gonna shoot my gosh we're guys
that's what it is tired and Ted with
Batman V Superman Civil War and Deadpool
all out is there a movie in 2016 you
guys are looking forward to seeing
what's going on my head maybe I don't I
don't even know what flux coming out I
don't know I'm looking for ourself
tortoise of war but uh yeah what's going
out to see you know I'm uh
I really well you know I know it's out
already but I haven't seen that I'm
looking forward to green room I really
want to see that that looks like a fun
movie
I actually don't those guys go up the
stairs
yes and then it really is boom-boom
I'm looking forward to x-men apocalypse
because I want it to be bad I don't have
you heard about it supposed to be
horrible I know and I just want I did
not like Days of Future past but
everyone seemed to really like that and
I don't understand why people liked it
so much and so I just want to be on the
same page with everyone as far as an
x-men movie is concerned and not like it
with everyone else so that's it that's
as far that's all I can say but you know
sometimes Oh rich what would you like to
see a quake sequel with this kind of
gameplay yeah or another Doomer hey
whatever but this kind of gameplays
actually you know I really like quake 4
yeah something of the end boss shootin
gonna brain not as exciting as fighting
something you know but fine it's fine
Olivia Munn I think is a bad actress
I wonder what now she's in Apocalypse
she's psylocke you know who's Psylocke
is she's British Asian accession
assassin she's a psychic assassin
doesn't she like a British woman with
the brain and
the brain of a British woman in the body
of an Asian girl I just got a weird
x-men backstory because the x-men
because there's really fucking weird
front possibly but she's a psychic
assassin and she can make psychic blades
and she uses her psychic ability to do
like flips and shit a second way and
she's psychic blades and she looks
really cool but the only problem is
Olivia Munn's a bad actress when they
gave up finding your superpowers and you
kept their blade yep a mutant powers to
make energy source energy swords that
happen by just random evolutionary
mutation and swords
yeah I'm not fond of Olivia I think I've
said that before I just think she's a
bad actress
it was after seeing Deadpool I had read
or before I started pool I had read that
a Olivia Munn was originally asked to to
be in Deadpool they wanted her as the
the main lady in Deadpool and she opted
out in hopes that she would get this
apocalypse wait I think there's
something out there I think you can go
in there maybe I can yeah
and she so she turned down Deadpool for
apocalypse because she wanted to be a
hero and now you know there's a
girlfriend and then after watching
Deadpool I'm like thank fucking god
Olivia Munn wasn't in this the lady in
Deadpool was so great
I'll see ya I don't I also don't think
Jennifer Lawrence is a good actress and
Jennifer Lawrence is all over the x-men
movies and mystique has never been a
major character in x-men and why the
fuck is she a major character now
because everyone loves Jennifer Lawrence
now and I don't think she's a good
actress either and I don't like anybody
or anything any time yep
everything's fine
she's a good actress but I never believe
that she is the character she's playing
well then she's not a good actress you
have like like you you don't need to
disappear as a character I've always
contended that Tom Hanks is a really
good actor because even though like you
see a movie with Tom Hanks and like
that's Tom Hanks right I'm gonna I'm
gonna finish about it well it looks like
Tom Hanks is a really good actor but he
also chooses these very specific Tom
Hanks these roles where he just is just
the everyman but I always believe that
he is the character he says he is Jack
Nicholson is always Jack Nicholson
mm-hmm
would you say he's a bad actor no no but
because I believe that he is the
character he plays even though he's such
a megastar that you all you can see you
know like you know in the front of your
head that is Jack Nicholson but in the
back of your head he does a really good
job of embodying that character Hanks
was not the wrong guy for Saving Private
Ryan nuke snooger on
what let's just throw race kappa oh yeah
they can throw across the fucking map
Tom Hanks is great and pretty much
everything like the the the issue is you
know Tom Hanks does choose a lot of very
similar roles he a lot of times he'll
just play guy you know like normal guy
man stick but he plays normal guy man
very willy
you always believe he is normal diamond
I'll try to shoot these demons right now
because I keep but yeah I'm so I'm
looking forward to watching apocalypse
and hating it and I'm looking forward to
everyone agreeing with me that it's a
bad movie I'm like Days of Future past
where no one seemed to agree I just want
people to agree with that's all that's
all
so you saw what this one thing let's
just all be together for this one thing
we can all come together and say
apocalypse sucks and then everything
will be great and then you get we will
go back to disagreeing about stuff later
we should take a moment to talk about
how great doom is I got me a new portal
okay I'll tell you what I'm gonna open
up some hell gates
I got a fifth of bourbon and a hell gate
opener we'll see what chef finished
first
old lady love it love it
get that granny
get that granny you know for once in my
life everything is wonderful
hahahaha everything is just wonderful
good time it's just a good time alright
let's see here uh haps rich you're doing
fantastic kicking some serious demon ass
thank you
do I see multiple streams in the near
future
Oh see we'll see we probably should do
finish right yeah that'll probably be
our next I mean I don't know you know we
might I like the idea of like
user-submitted levels if you guys were
playing doom and making levels if
there's a way we can get them that's
aggregor we can do that maybe Wednesday
and then you know look dead and then
move on to Phoenix oh and Star Trek
beyond will be shit as a Trekkie I am
insulted by the trailer major block
maybe that could be you can edit a train
to look like anything maybe somebody
wants maybe somebody wants to look like
an action movie a dumb action movie but
it's not maybe they're tricking that
whole universe I'm done of them take a
look at these snap map yeah getting rich
but no sorry jack and rich what do you
think there are two of us well the one
is for you or not but I skipped welcome
Carlos Checa rich what do
think would x-men movie by Marvel Disney
look like even though it would probably
never happen he I don't I'm not the
biggest x-men fan in the world I I'm a
pretty decent x-man family yep
here is something that they haven't
figured out yet in the movies and it's
one of those reasons x-men is a perfect
example of a property that is not made
for movies because the x-men isn't about
an individual character in in the first
two x-men movies it was the Wolverine
show right and that kind of worked
because Wolverine had an interesting
like backstory but now that backstory is
all done and then in the first Academy
Days of Future past it's been the
Charles Xavier show but he's not that
interesting every character he's a
weirdo guy like you know he's supposed
to be the obi-wan Kenobi he's supposed
to be like it's not about a single
character it's about an ensemble cast
right and you get all these little guys
right and they have all their little
stories and you know one issue it's this
guy story one issues this guy story
maybe one issue it's split between a
couple guys stories you have all these
different characters that have to come
together and work as a team and it
doesn't necessarily work as a movie so
if Marvel Disney had it maybe they would
realize it wouldn't work it as a movie
and maybe they'd make it a Netflix thing
a TV thing well if I couldn't do a TV
thing or they would hand it off to a
director Deadpool I understand is a
pretty good movie could handle director
Deadpool is a very good yeah you said we
should be movies Deadpool is about one
person oh okay x-men is a ensemble but
as far as like the x-men universe then
oh no not the universe I meant why the
I'm trying to the X medicine group
specifically not like the entire mutants
oh no I like the whole mutant property
thing that should be amusing what you
need to do is either give it a show so
you can spend episode
working on individual characters that
all come together or you need to give it
to a director who can handle an ensemble
cast making an ensemble movie right
something like smokin aces do you see
smoking is really fun action with the
goofy action movie no main character to
the movie just little bits of characters
all working around a common goal really
fun stuff like a like an Ocean's eleven
kind of situation where you know there
was a couple main characters but at an
ensemble no one is the true main
character of Royal Tenenbaums not the
best example but it's awesome anyway you
need a director who can handle not
having a main character and Bryan Singer
also can't fucking direct action and I
hate him here's here's my one question
there's my one thought as far as x-men
movies go and Marvel and Disney
yeah I would keep them separate as
universes I wouldn't I wouldn't bring
the mutants into the MCU yeah they
weren't pretty well as their own things
like the whole mutant territory comes
these certain tropes like discrimination
and laws it trying to be passed against
them
yeah okay they just feel so divorced
from what's going on with the rest of
the Marvel heroes this is so many mutant
characters I mean there are they are
basically their own universe mmm I think
just all the mutant characters loans
probably bigger than the rest of the
Marvel Universe combined am I wrong
it kind of is that's not a bad idea yeah
having their own like x-men mutant
universe and you know it doesn't even
need to be his own universe it could
just like they could just never mention
each other cuz it automatically some
very different things are going on
heroes and saving the day and getting
together to fight off the big threat
versus they persecute us but we fight
anyway I'm just so different yeah that's
not a bad idea
yep it's not a bad idea
yeah Brian singer did make Superman
Returns that's right Superman Returns
well-known for its action scenes
oh oh it's restarting Stan okay rich but
talk about your Jason X experience a few
days ago movie dicks
water off that wasn't really a movie
dicks 9:00 Friday the 13th
I joined in and they watched Jason X
that's that's Jason in space right no
idea how good that was
I had no idea what did what wonderful
schlock yeah well you're not a horror
guy huh I haven't enjoyed watching a
movie that much in a while oh good I'll
say this I liked it more than Marvel
Civil War I liked it more for all of the
wrong reasons but I still enjoyed that
viewing experience more oh good okay
that's funny
LexA Doig is a much better replacement
for a me Livia Mun I am oh also are you
excited to see Josh Brolin as Thanos in
infinity war Josh Brolin you were like
fan os-- I like Thanos I don't know much
about Josh Brolin because I'm an idiot
with names what else is he done well
what I know what I know him from which
what would rich Evans know jack that's a
good question
yeah so I have no opinion then okay
I don't and I don't care Josh Brolin is
like is a good actor and but I don't
care about fan OHS I don't give two
fucks about vanos so we're he's a great
villain we're in exact opposite boats
here he's a great villain that was my
character I I would say No Country for
Old Men but I don't think riches see men
yeah I haven't seen yeah so I was like
you you can't just think of Josh Brolin
movies you have to think of Josh Brolin
movies that rich has seen what do you do
with this how do you where you go to
make my snap man okay great man oh my
god this windows this interface is as
ugly as wind ten Oh burn sick burn hello
uh have you guys seen the rogue cut of
Days of Future past it does solve some
of the problems with the original cut of
the film gives more screen time to
Stewart McLellan and rogues role in the
film what I'm assuming basic is
single-player I don't I don't know I am
rich is dead right about a separate
x-men universe of course he is that's a
very smart huh rich says very smart
things and is correct about most things
Hollywood listen up however the x-men
universe has an ensemble problem of
multiple different generations and
they're all perpetually in their 20s
well if you do a movie universe they
don't all have to be in their 20s right
you can just make some characters older
or younger or whatever exact change
origins around yeah comic comic books
have an age problem of course but we're
rebooting we're retooling that shit I
have no idea what what's going on here
I'm just clicking on things right now
what oh my god would how do I move this
what do i what what am i what
I don't know what's going on help help
me baby Jesus what is this oh my god the
thing that is the thing I did a thing
okay you need to put it on another door
the doctor voice you know that's a door
that's the doors but can I make a door I
want abidor there I can't do that I
can't make a door I can't make the door
can make a door there reach oh my god
what's this plus symbol it's a plus
symbol that looks looking at rooms now
where you want a room you want to curvy
room I'm sure you can flip it if you
want to oh my god maybe if you grab one
on the door oh my god the keys do things
Oh Oh do things check if you use that
movie if you grab one of the doors you
can drag it like oh snap do it now you
got a door rich oh good you we made a
room
I'm so proud of you you rich you're a
video game designer death now I want to
flip this thing I bet there's a key for
just oh my god I found that you found
the keys for it rich oh yeah I'm so P so
smart and handsome you make you make you
make me so proud you know to be the e it
seems very limited yeah
I can't like where's the out to kind of
do outdoors oh my whatever I want like
what do you want I'm sure there's other
things yeah what an area outside of here
can I do that why does John I turn into
you Edith bunker because it's a funny
voice and it's a voice that I can do
well well look there's little see the
little dots up there you're only on that
one oh my god and there's all the doctor
oh yeah Hollywood dead end cross there's
all sorts of shit
need some stairs t-junctions
how about a tall look at that t-junction
that's a great boom he's there now yeah
alright it's fine he's fine okay great
now now okay now you have to go in there
and you can walk around and how do we
how do we do that play let's see let's
see what that does
let's see how fast it works Oh
starting match I think this is from
multiplayer oh it's disregard my binds
it doesn't save your key bindings that's
funny
well just look around you don't actually
play you don't have any enemies in here
I can put a thing there probably okay he
caps says with the introduction of the
sokovia accords in the MU and the
freedom of the heroes rights to choose
at stake it would be very interesting
time to have mutant rights brought into
the discussion or redundant also a
little bit of both but like I'm trying
to whose it so
who's all in the the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe you know because like
no was anyone born with their powers is
the question Scarlet Witch
no no they guy they were experimented on
that's true that's true you know because
then it turns into one of those like
Thor this doesn't even apply he's not in
the movie right he's he's off with uh
he's off with the with Waldo and no
spoilers
he doesn't apply because he's not an
earthling you do the monsters that how
or is this all just multiplayer maps I
have no idea
publisher no I want to monsters what
happens if you click on demons no it's
just rooms wait oh when you hit add it
goes to add room yeah click on the room
ok there we go now object mode tab tab
whoa okay oh my god
settle the fuck down there we go
yes Damon's vision was born months
earlier you're right
oh so like I and I think that's that
like here's the actual demon I want to
put any demon down what are those AI
conductor Oh click on the little things
up there you have all sorts of different
no no the tabs like with the rooms yeah
look at we got demons
we got a Cyberman caboose look at that
cat oh look how is belly Wiggles when
you move them look at that lizard of
jiggle let's potentially need look at
him jiggle so the thought of introducing
someone into the Marvel Cinematic
Universe who doesn't have a choice on
whether or not to have powers is an
interesting concept but I think that
would only add to it before Civil War
like knowing that that was at stake like
in the comic books knowing that these
people who have these powers you know
without choosing to have these powers
right stay kind of kind of upped the
ante is that guess what I'm saying so
yes I'll tee it personally the Patrick
Stewart Ian McKellen not getting any
younger I would love to see next film
introduce onslaught a major villain that
brought some powerful consequences to
Marvel Universe I don't remember
onslaught onslaught you ever heroes
reborn when image they gave image
control over Captain America the
Avengers and a couple other books the
Hulk
I'm talking about no remember for like a
year they're like a contract with Jim
Lee and Rob Liefeld yeah and Rob Liefeld
like infamously did a really shitty job
on Captain America Rob Liefeld if Miss
Lee does a really shitty job and
everything and somebody else had to
finish his you hear your long run cuz he
was that bad oh I don't remember this
after they fought the Marvel Universe
font onslaught who was like this some
kind of I don't know the details the
psychic merger of Professor Xavier and
Magneto
no he was like super bad guy okay and
when they fought him like some of the
heroes got stuck in a pocket universe
which is when images took control those
characters too funny
that's great which I guess if you're
gonna move the x-men into the Marvel
Universe cinematically every a clever
way to merge the two universes a psychic
pot does some kind of psychic thing pops
them into the MCU I wonder how they're
gonna do that with the Supergirl they
just they did officially announced that
Supergirl is moving to the CW okay which
it's not a huge deal because it's you
know it's a bad show but you know the CW
has their Warner Brothers or has their
decent numbers that's your hit damage
yeah I know I don't want to see it my
controls were all good cider know what I
don't know what buttons do anything
right now
oh you know they have their shows
connected and I'm sure they're gonna
want to connect Supergirl but she's in a
different universe then flash and arrow
so I wonder what they're gonna do with
that Supergirl is she yeah
well flash only was able to hang out
with Supergirl because he was running so
fast that he ripped through dimensions
so they gotta find a way to merge those
universes Supergirl does suck-ass the
show is terrible when you liked what
that one you actually liked Supergirl no
no super realest and I like I caught up
with it I won because uh because the
flash was gonna be on the show I like
the flash and I I begrudgingly like
arrow because it's so sleazy
turns out Jack I highly recommend the
rogue cut of Days of Future past not
perfect but much better film also what
director would you like to see direct
Marvel you know I think they're doing a
fine job I want to see Edgar Wright
director Marvel film ant-man was lacking
ant-man needed Edgar Wright handsome
then I recently watched ant-man in
preparation for Civil War I just want is
it's just missing something you know you
really don't need to see it in February
for Civil War I'm sure it was out it was
something that I could watch while at
home because I don't get to leave the
house very often and says like oh I'll
watch ant-man that'll be fun you know
maybe I'd be some of the first time cuz
I came back after it's like oh it's good
but kind of not great so wouldn't Winter
Soldier and age of Ultron yeah and I did
rewatch those two as well yeah so I
wanted to write Edgar Wright's a great a
great director and and ant-man was
lacking do you think Jon Favreau doesn't
get enough credit on establishing the
tone and style of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe since each movie tries to
replicate the energy and fun of the
original Iron Man I think Robert Downey
jr. gets a lot of that credit yeah as he
should get a lot of that credit but John
I I don't mind what percentage of that
movie is Kevin Faiza well and that's the
thing where it's like it was a mixture
right like the producer gave them the
goods the director directed well the
actor acted well like I think he gets
all he got what did he get he got the
fucking jungle book after that like he
got the next Iron Man and then he got he
got to do a couple indie movies that he
felt like doing and now he got a huge
another huge movie fuck no he's fine Jon
Favreau's the the fucking the fat guy
from swingers is doing all right
something we will never see Iron Man for
I don't know I don't know how much
longer can they make it happen with with
Robert Downey right Amy and three was
terrible horrible no hey chat I are a
chat don't you start
I don't want to end this stream me
defending Iron Man 3 yet again talk
about how awful I am in 3 is Jack is
reading the chat I don't know well I
don't know how much you love the
Mandarin and how everything that movie
is horseshit right be sure to mention
how Herrmann wasn't that Massoud enough
but I don't get it
he threw away his suit at the end how is
it going to be Iron Man in the next
movie which I don't get him means he was
never gonna build another suit can we
talk instead about how iron went man one
was disappointing yeah yeah Iron Man one
the thing that proved that the Marvel
Cinematic Universe could make billions
of dollars that was totally
disappointing
exclamation point subs
exclamation point subs boom and then I
get a little thing yep I do
that's great oh I'm getting link
I've been URL open you are out split
this 13 months in a row
oz my 16 months in a row you monster
13 once in a row Chris Steve Friedman
Mario Mario 42 23 fucking months in a
room baba yaga la save row 19 months in
a row
sharks pier 19 months in a row harm and
Z we're at Laeken octo J 22 fucking
months in a row
mr. shy smile 19 months in a row kilo 40
16 months in a row F in Amman that's my
new favorite cinnamon cinnamon I said
yeah you do if I feel like some of
feminine toast quench that's what that's
a Bruce Jenner ate too much of a
feminine toast crunch did you say too
much mister glitch 18 months in a row
yonder yonder just this guy you know
seven
he months in a row light beats 20
fucking months in a row
I know beefcake I'm sorry I won't I
won't do the effeminate thing anymore
it's just I forget about it all the time
then I hear it and it makes me giggle
and I'm sorry tell a gone 21 fucking
Mons in a row
see daddy Chuck wily h2o 20 fucking
months in a row Greg hook fifteen months
in a row
urban vermin sarrish n+ dusts chats plus
disasters Jets plus des gents sure
cranky pink one acts 12 months in a row
doom violence vodka give me twenty two
fucking months in a row
my name is tape space chemo 20 fucking
months in a row lost in Technicolor 22
fucking months in a row
vengeful turducken 20 fucking months in
a row gee shots 20 fuckin months in a
row kula puffs 17 months in a row oh my
god
schists there it is this khuskhus 24
months in a row that is 2 years there's
another layer away for one their success
yeah I was Maria Mary Ford she was 23 23
months yeah we've been doing this for a
long time been doing this for at least
two years I'm super old man baby Slayer
1 5 6 20 fucking months in a row
evil crash 9 civilizations Banga Doug 20
fucking months in a row no one has more
than 24 says 6mc lucas 23 fucking months
in a row four stars out of 50 not a bad
name i subbed like the first day you got
it says success this suite been with us
basically paid for doom basically bless
our drugs 19 months in a row out mode
outmoded user to bori HK 16 months for
what 16 16 months in a row and carlos la
2 1-3
thank you almost all so handsome Rob and
magical Flying Tiger they subscribe
before before we did this after after we
did the thing ok ok thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do thanks to thank
you all for coming out and get doom
dooms fun
doom is fun improved that's the that's
the quick review before we have our
official discussion which we should be
having speak was a lot of fun
good that was fun our discussion that's
the whole episode that was so fun gee
you shot the deer as it was great fun
and there was no story though 2 out of
10
see - see - - - - have a nice night
everybody bye
