Episode 143
Brutality (Episode 1)
July 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_Wz1-tKBuU
___________________________________________

all right
now I'm pretty sure this is working
it's why my soul is streets hey
everybody
all out of sight
one of us of that brutal tone busy mom
old soldiers for these sad like
basically person is snobbish nice auto
full auto machine gun damn is a tiny bit
loud as what was that you know what you
can deal with it I'll just talk louder
that's what I'll do
people are at going but it might be
slightly loud can you just turn down in
the game options to do this okay it's a
week no no I'm gonna do this and
everything's gonna get fucked up they go
okay great
all right no everything's still fine
everything's still fine don't worry
everything's so fine I'm not I'm gonna
sing a song about dude I already sang a
song about doing someone's song if I day
it was great so how are you doing Jeff
I'm doing great how was life I mean I
just had a great salad I don't know if I
told you that bad but what kind of salad
was it dressing that you use so sue
shave our new I've been through this
rich I need to know all the things no
you know we got something we got some
stuff done today we're we're working
it's a it's a long a long weekend for
those with Norma jobs and I'm not one of
them but I know it's a long weekend so
you know fun fact I don't think I have
ever looked at like a doing walkthrough
ever
yeah so any of the secrets I just know
them because I found them playing it all
of him I didn't I didn't know about that
last one so I was just watching a video
somebody flying at the event
Oh beefcake that's an important question
rich I have an eye I have an important
question for you deep it's very very
important pillows yeah when you sleep
yeah
what's the proper way to use a pillow
put your head under it you both just
your head or do you put a little bit of
your shoulders on there too just ahead
I'm not so sure about that the UH
yesterday Lisa and I got new pillows
you're really sucking all the fun are
shooting demons Jenner they're
significantly fluffier I know I want to
talk about fluffy pillows while you're
shooting demons I think this works great
they're considerably fluffier than the
pillow I had before and I've you know
like I have my thumb you know how often
do you buy pillow not very often
I thought it was dead you know but I
liked it it worked for me but now this
fellow is huge so I just put my head
under it and it's like it's like this
it's like this right like that's how
fluffy the pillow is so I'm like this is
ridiculous and I look over and Lisa has
her shoulders under the pillow and so I
start googling late at night you've been
even living with this woman for a long
time just notice how often you notice I
was like that someone has their head or
their head and shoulders under pillow so
I started googling the proper way to use
a pillow which I know is a ridiculous
thing to Google and as it turns
according to Google I didn't find a
satisfactory answer to my query on the
proper pillow usage some people do put
like their shoulders underneath it and
use it more as a wedge and some people
just put their head under just having a
lot of things somewhere near my head
just a lot of things is this like is
this like you're your dumpster board
that you're using your mouse for hey
he's good anything soft can be a pillow
that's true like a blanket hmm then he
can you know she was proportionately how
much pillow you want yeah and I mean
here's the thing this is this was a
movie that I started writing a long time
ago speaking of pillows that I have
since stopped writing because it was a
really dumb idea but every once in a
while like I'll start writing movies
just as kind of an exercise I heard of
writing a movie about a guy who stopped
using his pillow
yeah and gained super intelligence
because as it turns out pillows have
always been a government conspiracy to
constrict blood flow to the brain to
keep people in line okay that was my
that was the premise and one day he
stopped using his pillow and he became
slightly smarter and he was having a
really good time
he decided to stop using film more than
one and like Oh a pillow delivery we
just happened to have this extra pillow
you might want this pillow sir and like
the government figured out that he
stopped using this pillow because he
would get you smart
that was my idea and obviously it's a
really dumb idea which is why I'm not
working on it currently premise it's
made you happy it did it made me happy
to write to write a few pages of that
script the end of the day that's why we
do things exactly that's what you know
it's it's fun to write stupid stuff and
then you know never ever make it hello
pillows are an inside job absolutely
think about it like you know
evolutionarily speaking what do we need
pillows for if we did cavemen have
pillows no and they evolved into us
right yeah because they decided to start
using pillows because they thought it
was a good idea Wow or or if evolution
actually created the pillow well think
about it or if we didn't have pillows
what would we be evolved into now we'd
be like super human and smart the
pillows are the downfall we probably
just have a key heads or something I
mean your blog been around things you
know I really wish I had some soft put
under my head at night when I slept your
bed is still very soft
yeah it's probably like a it's like a
Twilight Zone episode
so that script this pillow talk god no
god no
yes it's pillow talk we're having
cavemen died out because they didn't use
pillow or that's what the man wants you
to think
the man feeds you these lies and you
believe them
because at night blood flow is being
constricted to your brain so you can't
process the information correctly think
about that you think about your crazy
motherfucker think about that I'm talk
about those pillows that just chainsaw
and shotgun demons you just shoot demons
in the fuckin face because that's what's
best in life really look at it that
that's that was beautiful right so it's
a beautiful play
snakes don't use pills you're right
you're right for this one are you fucker
you're right or are you
doo-doo-doo-doo pink oh wait wait wait
about what one oh not you wait sorry I
was telling myself to wait I have to get
a little bit of work done
what pause me
you keep yeah I'm gonna keep playing the
game you keep buying the game pause Jack
for a moment everybody nobody listened
to me or think about me for like a
minute there to a minute or two it's
probably gonna take me down dummy
okay great
I have all the bullets that all of the
boards Jack nice it is a kind of hiss
that means I get to shoot all the things
oh good I'm really happy for you I'm
really quite happy with you
what's more fun chain guns or shotguns
what was best it's well swapping between
them right you got a quick slide the
little chain gun a little shotgun a
little chain gun cuz then you get the
best of both worlds
it's like a death hose a death hose yeah
the chain gun it's like a hose that just
spits out dip all right this is weird
it's my death pose I mean I don't I
maybe I don't see like the hose part of
it but you know that's fine that's fine
that's but it's fine okay I'm back here
I'm sorry yeah add death hose to your
lexicon like just man that's effed up
ooh I like that
death hose is the next meal brain film
death house it was the best hose do do
do do do do do do do do do also I see I
see in chatty here that neko Cola is is
in the stream Nico :
now would be a good time to check your
email what just hot just a heads up just
a heads up I that was the work of that I
just did right now I sent you an email I
did oh and also for the person last
stream a couple streams ago we were
talking about hip hop and my love of
hip-hop and my favorite hip hop artists
which is of course a stop Rob Aesop Rock
and someone reminded me to buy his new
album and I did and it's great thank you
to whoever reminded me to buy the
impossible kid awesome new album
is that you doing that or the game does
the game doing which wobble it's
probably the game I didn't do any wobble
stuff the fat boys you're right great in
hip-hop I'm gonna chainsaw this guy yeah
that's the game
Oh mokey it's your birthday happy
birthday I hope you having a good day
eat some cake cuz it's tomorrow you'll
hear the new heavy-metal remix it's your
birthday it's a birthday birthday
it's a birthday eat some cake mom plum
cuz the birthday song is under copyright
so you can anymore did it be removing it
was it believe things I believe they did
my have been you're right you know what
you might be right
I am I am 98% sure you must has recently
been overturned you might be very
correct
I always think alike we need an update
to the birthday song have you played
halo no I played the first one I'm not
gonna play a first-person shooter on a
fucking gamepad that's a rich Evans
thing I play the first one and I didn't
much care for it well it was kinda bland
and then haven't really thought about
the series too much since then I did
watch red vs. blue when I first came out
that was always funny said a halo thing
yeah
they were they were they would use like
the the multiplayer to make a little
like Machinima's hey funny very funny
the gift of song you write hey fellas
thank you so much for retweeting my post
so glad you've been enjoying the
highlights have fun doing it up suspense
I don't know what posts you had but I oh
maybe did you make the the rich Evans
talks about eighties remakes someone
made like a steel image of your quote
from 80s remakes talking about like
noone remakes don't remakes this shit
movies from the eighties that's what we
need to do that was great it's true it's
true
no it's incredibly true there's so many
there's so many I piece out there that
that would that our dire need of a
remake I don't care so what's the
difference
VR says what's what's the difference
between ordinary doom and this brutal
doom tougher enemies fewer drops
animations lots lots of animation stuff
there's some could you look at the
ceiling for a sec ah boom hey that's not
brutal doom oh that's not a lot of
source reports have done that well
before oh ok ok
they they they did some Rika jiggering
on the weapons uh-huh
it was like reloading know what Jake you
know it's like that bad mmm my brain is
going blank but they did a fantastic
amount of sprite work like the the Imps
they do that jumping attack in this
occasionally they never did that before
no there's a che fuck ton of different
death animations like sometimes there's
like if you shoot somebody there's a rag
doll ragdoll physics oh they
painstakingly animated a body that would
go backwards it stops when it hits a
wall oh that's great you can shoot the
bits of GIMP on the ground
and of course all the blood and corpses
I assume that's brutal doom
well there's their their corpse you
record like like see that end trail
that's brutal done that normal that
particular style of normal corpse lying
there right there that's classic doom
okay this decapitated head and arm
that's brutal doom you know what else is
brutal doom huh oh that's great
more entrails rich do you use the
ability to jump with the source port or
do you consider that cheating I'm gonna
consider that cheating unless I'm using
a user made I was gonna say why a user
made level that is kind of designed with
that in mind
close but not very not very classified
know how you will avoid it rich and I
are gonna take a look at uncharted 4 yes
we are indeed we have not yet looked at
it but we are planning on it looking at
it for a long time just looking looking
at
we'll look at it I don't know if we're
gonna play it but we're gonna look at
what do you get what I'm saying
yep you go I'm saying like maybe it
maybe a lot of people don't get to play
my wad is an old school map term I get
it says the real net boy it's cuz the
the file extension doom created for
their life their their data their data
when they start dead I was a wot a dot W
ad okay yeah we probably won't dream and
pannu go we probably won't stream
uncharted 4 but we will look at it and
make a video full of you not a full
review well we'll look at it for
probably like a set amount of time and
then stop looking at it and make a video
about it here's what I here's what I'm
guessing oh I know I'm sorry I'm uh I'm
bouncing my leg that's why my laptop
keeps bouncing back before someone is
like is it because I fidget a lot
usually you don't see it more than I do
huh
take it more than I do know you know
it's a leg thing it's mostly like thing
my leg bounces and usually I have it
under control I'm an affinity mood
apparently and so my leg is bouncing
sorry if that is distracting for anyone
somebody sent me a video on a fan simply
a fidget one so it's like ah you're a
hand fit yeah yeah this is kind of like
these little macaroni things that snap
together and they just move around at
hold I'm just doing things like in the
computer I'm doing experiment and just
fitting with that constant lecture
constantly that's great you know you're
a handful I'm a leg bouncer as you ever
said that to me if you're watching it
tonight if you're watching tonight I've
gotten a lot of use out of that oh
that's great that's great I used to I
used to people used to yell at me when I
would go see a movie with them because
my leg would constantly
bouncing my my sleazebag uncle's
girlfriend ruined a family trip to see
the fugitives in the theater okay
because she had a leg fidget and her
pocket was full of loose change so the
whole movie the whole of the fugitive us
that's horrible it was awful it ruined
the film how could she not hear that she
just didn't care she was a weird one she
was a weird one
she was a weird lawn he was a weird one
everything oh you're right my face
fucker
I agree there does need to be a sitcom
about rich and his adventures that would
be great oh they should over I I have
been playing overwatch I have been
playing overwatch and I enjoy it a lot I
want to play that tight and said well I
mean that's the game that's the game
right that's the game people playing I
big it's the hot new popular game from
Blizzard it's a team based online only
oh wow I hate to shoot right I hate that
first-person shooter I know yeah it's
it's coming from Team Fortress 2 I
really like overwatch well we all know I
love my multiplayer only games that's
that's the only thing I know about you
which I I know very little about you
except for the fact that you love online
only multiplayer only games that's
that's the one thing it's it's oh it's
very like tf2 except for like a
bazillion more classes and like
subclasses and just more characters just
more characters and each of the
characters is more of a niche like a
niche within a niche like there's a
couple snipers and one sniper only has a
Batman and not free right it's no no it
is not freedom it is it's a full price
game but I if you are a fan of Team
Fortress 2 you will be right at home
with overwatch I am NOT right exactly
and I very rudely hijacked the last
stream with my desk earth so I so it's
tonight I was all up to rich and he
wanted to play some fruit fucking doomed
no my favorite character is not Bastion
I've been enjoying I'm gonna get to this
fucking game without dying that's great
I've been really enjoying Roadhog as as
the the bullet sponge really good guns I
love his his chain grab his score he has
a scorpion like get over here so you can
grab any of these closely and then you
have like a close-range shotgun so you
can chain them
call us through shotgun him in the face
I love that he's been a lot of fun to
play I'm not like crazy for it I'm only
like maybe five six hours in but a lot
of good classes I'm really enjoying the
I don't know I don't know any of their
names
I really like the girl in the mech suit
and in her you know her first-person
animation you see her like move the
joysticks of the mech suit which is kind
of fun
and yeah isn't over watched the game
where there's a very diverse cast of
characters but everyone complained
because you could see one girl's butt in
an ad no they didn't complain that you
could see one girl's bud they complained
quite stupidly that her taunts like her
her celebration animation was her
presenting herself you know like kind of
sticking her butt out it wasn't in an ad
it was like in game and of course it was
during the beta so they were thinking
about changing it anyway and they did
change it it doesn't matter but gate you
have but gate 2015 people were upset
because she was sticking her butt out
and they're like you know it's one of
them it's one of those things I don't
care there's a lot of girls in it and
they all are wearing skin tight outfits
so you see a lot of bucks and so I
really liked the game was like this what
I'm saying because of the Bucks
so no but it's really good I really like
I really like all the different
abilities I like one of my favorite
aspects is because it's a team game you
know so it's really important to kind of
like synergize your team you know real
quickly
another thing brutal doom added yeah one
there's no us regular assault rifle and
regular doom
also dual wielding oh yeah yeah alright
you go boy overwatch yeah
so what's really important in any like
class-based shooters that you have a
diverse team right you need a sniper you
need a support class you need a heavy
you need an attack class you need a
defense class and when you're picking
your character a little prompt comes up
warning you if your team is unbalanced
like yeah you have too many snipers so
maybe someone wants to change that hey
you could use a defense class and then
kind of in really encourages a diverse
team
so yes I'm bear don't get it back
absolutely
Villa hecka 100 100 percent any because
I've been in any place I've been having
in any case I've been having a ton of
fun playing it
I've been I've also been playing more
dusters because I've really been
chipping dusters and obviously those two
don't match up quite perfectly
slow-paced controlling drones in a
horror environment and then overwatch
super fun colorful bright shooter but
I've been playing on the the Xbox one
we're on enjoying it oh the overwatch so
if you guys if anyone is playing it on
the Xbox one
you know I'm hard lack you can find me
you can play no I like I like it
I know most people are playing on PC I
like I was really debating PC versus
Xbox one and if I ever get if I can ever
get a decent PC then I'll help you get
it for pieces I watched a couple of the
overwatch animated short Tom tardy but
uh nada I didn't think they were that
good like me I really like they're kind
of like teaser they're preview which was
an animation I thought that was really
cool but like all the little ones I I
don't think they were that good
character wise tips tips tips and
they're missing tips tips tips tips the
under yonder I'm sorry I'm not seeing
the tips hold on let me get my stream
tip alert or I'll shut down and restart
cuz I'm not seeing it gave me a moment
oh my god I'm so sorry everybody so many
tips my my stream tip alert oh just
wasn't notifying me very sorry about
that
we'll get two tips now anonymous testing
the audio the tips lightsabers
lightsaber lightsaber lightsaber happy
Memorial Day
thank you happy Memorial Day everybody
hammer cap says would like to tip us to
say save up for the suda51 game
oh there's they're making a new game
apparently apparently baby Yaga Lala
says have you guys ever had a movie
experience ruined by a mind-boggling
ending the mind-boggling and movie I
liked otherwise but the ending sucked oh
okay sure I think I might have told this
story before I'm going to spoil
unbreakable ii M night Shyamalan movie
okay so heads up to everyone I'm about
to spoil the ending to unbreakable it's
been out long enough where I think we're
fine to talk about spoilers but for the
next couple minutes I'm going to spoil
the end of unbreakable so you know this
was breakable shit they're live dammit
it's miracle unbreakable then females
are strong as hell but in any case you
know it was the second M night Shyamalan
movies and before before I watched it my
friends were all like or like can you
guess the twist you'll never guess the
twist because that was this big thing
like the twist ending yeah and I start
watching it and two minutes in I call
the twist and I say oh my god let me go
samuel l.jackson is the bad guy the
whole time and i all my friends go no
that's not it that's totally not it
because they wanted me to enjoy the
twist and of course samuel l.jackson was
the bad guy the whole time and while I
think I'm breakable is a really great
movie if you go in expecting this
a crazy twist you're gonna be really
disappointed
and so all my friends were like no the
twister you'll never see it coming but
of course I called it two minutes in the
man's downfall that was the main cell
phone but no I like unbreakable I think
it's a very good movie but you can't go
in like expecting there to be this
mind-blowing ending or else it'll ruin
your experience I rewatched it later
and I think it's a very good movie so
that is my movie ruined by a dumb ending
rich do you have a movie ruined by a
demo not that I can think of start
naming movies with dumb endings there
was an outdoor screening
well oh I can't even remember what it's
called what was a Jane makes horror
movie was that cold they recovered their
cover they did an outdoor screening and
they're covered and at the end I threw
my beer can had the scream really hey so
much fun fact I've not seen the recovery
you have not seen the recovered oh they
had a big screening it was in a friend's
backyard big outdoor you know movie
projector got to the end and the
audience of us assholes were very
displeased by the ending I did not much
care for the ending of the recovered
ruined the entire movie that my friends
the riddle of steals is rich get skinny
you can do it we believe in you
and if you get skinny then you can get
swole and if you get swole then you can
play the doom Slayer in our LMS next
genre parody say these special deaths
here yeah oh that's something brutal
doom added oh I talk about although the
fucking sprite and animation work they
fucking did for this that was adorable
yeah no that's adorable what you ripped
that demons that off well when you're a
little sprite like you didn't you'd be
that's it you're looking down like
mother shotgun guys yeah
actually ripped his head off you have
the head in your hand when you go back
to the first person and you can throw
with a head and somebody haha so I
knocked someone else down with a
decapitated head that I tore off of
somebody's neck that's great see well
and that makes me happy because of the
pixels it's adorable you know like in
doom 2016 it's awesome but be the pixels
make it adorable ooh that's right there
is there's a go there you can see doom
guy's eyes on the screen that's that's
not brutal doom that's part of the visor
mod I've got Oh see this metroid prime
style yeah display that's a different
mod like you can see his eyes and he
looks around the nice thing about doom
is just so many fucking mods and a lot
of them a lot of them you can mix and
match I need to re-watch 12 movies it's
gonna well since I've seen 12 monkeys I
remember liking it do you remember 12
monkeys machine
okay yonder yonder says I'm down to four
cents in my checking account can you
hack frauds PayPal me 20 bucks so that I
can continue to tip you thanks I'm sorry
we cannot under yonder but we appreciate
it
one small ball says turn that pillow
idea into a porno and I'll buy a copy
for shipper so a guy stops using a
pillow and that causes the blood flow to
be released to his penis and he has
great sex that's that's the the porno
twists what I don't know
Niko Colossus guys thank you both for
being awesome
Jack have a beer on me rich grab a
birthday cake soda and rich as your
talent manager I now request 10% of all
your fancy sodas I get it Richard rich
agrees 10% of all the fancy sodas thanks
Nico Cola we'll be chatting with you
later ah at its mayor Rock says hi jack
I was wondering if any of the red letter
media crew is into any form of editing
other than video like graphic design or
music editing greetings from the
Netherlands PS lol Luke ningen low back
a while back I know Mike had done like
music videos for somebody yeah well
that's the video I didn't like I think
he's wondering if like we do to
Photoshop or like title creation or or
like actually like mix music or stuff
like that and we kind of do a little bit
of everything I know Mike Devils a lot
in Photoshop right usually if you see
anything photoshopped it'll be Mike and
you we kind of have to be just Jack's of
all trades
masters Matt well that's me I'll tread
that serve done but you know you kind of
have to dabble in a little bit of
everything but you know obviously yeah
oh the shotgun such a great rhythm boom
boom
but you know obviously like audio
editing is tough
Oh everything everything stuff and you
know we're mostly that was a great box
play oh look at that dripping the door
dripping that's another brutal doom
thing that's riffing that's great this
game is violent you're right nothing
nothing - but like I've done like I'd
like I know how to use illustrator and
so you know if like a friend or like my
brother will give me a lot of stuff
where he's like can you just like take
this idea and turn it into a logo with
that and you can make it vector art in
Illustrator like I can do that
stuff simply I know how to use
illustrator and Photoshop and all this
stuff but I rarely ever do usually I
have to watch like a 10-minute long
tutorial on just how to get started
first and then and then I can do the
thing what back I freed this guy Oh
which is another thing brutal do man
there's lots of little charges okay just
this guy you know says for Jack so he
can buy crash lands for his phone you
were just this guy you know I was
talking to me about crash lands it's a
mobile game that he is uh or they are
utterly addicted to and they think I
would like so thank you and for rich for
all his preacher talk have just started
it it's goddamn great can't Annette
can't watch till I can't watch live
tonight give a shout out to future
meaning Co you saw
I think he's talking about the comic no
he's talking about the times never
because I've never talked about the show
it's because I talked about it he's got
to be referring well he says I for all
his thank rich for all his preacher talk
and just started it it's goddamn great
can't wait to watch lot or can't watch
live tonight but I think he's just can't
watch the stream live tonight I think
just started reading preacher can't
watch the stream live tonight oh I get
it
that's well yeah I could be wrong I'm
wrong about a bunch of things I'm going
maybe about a dozen things I think I'm
wrong about I think we're gonna read it
both ways but I mean I guess you could
be right I did see the pilot episode of
preacher what do you think all right a
good tone really good tone very uh not
not as jokey but like has a very
Deadpool tone where they have fun with
it you know like there's no like
pop-culture references or like
straight-up jokes preacher has a dark
sense of humor yes and so does this
preacher very dark sense of humor
good good violence I like the cast so
we'll see did you mention that there's a
character in the comics named assface I
know if I mentioned that but if there is
yes and he showed up and he's great but
can you understand a word he's saying
they actually subtitle good that's the
way it should be you can kind of
understand what he's saying but they
subtitle
it seemed it seemed alright I don't know
where they're gonna go with it after the
first episode I'm not I'm not a hundred
percent sold yet but it's good ok let's
see here so then we have a gruff
McMillan Terry recently heard the single
greatest piece of ass Hickory in the
history of music doom it up it's
freaking amazing awesome epic legend
done next Thank You Jeffery military and
anonymous says did you guys that's uh
next time you're at a moment to take a
pause yeah I can you pause it
okay and just double-checking OBS that
the tips are turned on apparently people
are not seeing the little tips show up
I'm seeing them now does cancer design
yeah is it not functioning I hit the
eyeball and hit the eyeball again they
go maybe that'll work up I'm seeing them
now apparently they're not showing up
who I do need to buy eggs thank you
everyone remind me before the stream
ends to buy eggs
that was great that was great wrench
everything is great oh let's see where
was I rich Wow did you guys care did you
guys care little enough to not even care
about doing a half in the bag for x-men
apocalypse if so I don't blame you but
maybe yes I do let my kids watch and
play a violent violent things my
littlest one I think I've talked about
this my five-year-old fucking loves doom
he loved watching me play doom new one
the new doom it was the greatest I mean
he and he's my little metal head he's
gonna be the person that I watch all
over Israel but he just loved the demons
and shooting him and punching him in
their face he'd always point him out
like oh that guy's going punch him in
the face
rip his head off and I'm like yes rocker
in years I've also spent a lot of time
reminding them what is real and what is
fake and you know because I do video
editing I've even gone far enough to
like show them like how shifting of life
huh shifting the blame no well I think
I'm kidding I think I could deal with
violence and I was younger and I
understood well but I think that like I
think some people like some kids like
don't understand what's real and what's
fake right and so it's like wow you feed
the dumb ones the dumb ones right now I
want to make sure they're not the dumb
buttons and so you know like I've gone
through like how movies are made it's
all I think it's all pretend and you
know it's okay to play pretend but but
yeah he loved doing
are you guys going to play Space Quest -
I have a soft spot for classic Sierra
games skip three because it's just
slapped together soap box where the
creators complain about working for
Sierra games I remember liking three
though yeah maybe it's cuz it's the
first one I got through with like help
without help from my dad I don't know I
don't know sure but I remember liking
three Jack's kids will be desensitized
before he can even spell it first of all
that's a great joke sick burn great joke
yeah I want him to enjoy stuff like that
dude right why did you go in the barrel
room you idiot he's still alive he
shouldn't be
he shouldn't be now all my burrows are
blown up so when the shit hits the fan
in this stage I'm fucked yeah you run in
there and you activate all the pearls
because you're an idiot yes I mean we
like the Sierra games we will probably
play space quest too we try to spread
those out because those are very voice
heavy ones in and you're still alive
fuck you I love the 180 M you mix and
says I really hope we get another
cinematography fundamentals lessons from
professors rich injected a love to the
180 degree rule acted out that was a
tough one
that was it yeah another quick tip I was
discussing this with someone on Twitter
not only is there the 180 degree rule
there is the 30 degree rule which states
that any edit the camera needs to be at
least 30 degrees moved from where it was
before as not to confuse your audience
because you want it you know the camera
to move enough so people don't think
that it's the same shot which makes you
invisible
so you know as far as zooming or moving
your camera for every edit the camera
needs to be in enough of a different
location so people understand that it's
an edit and not a camera jitter the 30
degree rule not to be confused with the
180 degree rule all sorts of rules
there's all sorts of rules where Konya
nartz it's okay do this you can do that
you can do anything you want but you
know generally speaking generally
speaking let's see here jump man 5 6 5
says a few months ago my younger brother
was in the pediatric ICU under heavy
anesthesia when he woke up at 2:00 a.m.
he was repeatedly screaming oh my god
like rich we can laugh about it now but
not to him that's horrifying it's
horrifying
but I'm glad I assume if you can laugh
about it now he's been dead long enough
now it's hysterical
how the drinking sensitizes you but over
there
anonymous says hehe mo he nope
yes that thing you said there you go uh
and soul fix alert says Jack rich
do you like Watchmen what did you think
of the movie adaptation what I consider
to be Zack Snyder's finest hour I know
you don't like him but I think his
visuals fit for the comics the book is
great every time I've read The Watchmen
I've noticed some detail some very
deliberate detail that I didn't notice
before every goddamn time I read it yeah
it's great great book great book movie
never should've been a movie
I think we've discussed this in part
before and I'm gonna have to agree with
something that witch said about the
Watchmen which is it kind of misses the
the Watchmen movie we kind of misses the
point of the book which is that these
are old and lame superheroes now and the
movie kind of glorifies them and makes
awesome action sequences when they're
supposed to be kind of Schwab's yep his
visuals are very nice in the movie
though anything remotely iconic is
ripped directly from the comic book so
does that count like Zack Snyder was
able to take a picture from a comic book
and give it to his cinematographer and
say do this could you do this takes
takes real genius to recognize real
genius yeah I guess I guess you're right
and then all of his action sequences
were in hallways so I know I it's I I
read the book first before seeing the
movie yeah I like I think a lot of
people our age did like I read the book
well before movies oh that's what I mean
yeah I mean like you said of the other
way around
well oh I like yeah I like I knew the
book I had read the book before I saw
the movie well before I saw the movie
but you know just in general before I
saw the movie
so I don't know I don't know what I
would have thought about it had had I
seen the movie first is I guess what I'm
getting right right possible for me to
say there's no like I will ever have
seen the movie first exactly but I you
know I don't I don't think Zack Snyder
is great at translating I do I think
he's like I said the only thing he's
good at translating his visuals but
that's not necessarily him that's his
cinematographer and working directly off
of art created by someone else he is
really great at handing a picture to his
cameraman he I don't think he besides
300 which i think is good I think 300 is
really good and he got the source
material which was dumb action he didn't
understand the nuances of the story of
Watchmen and I don't I just don't think
it's good he keeps getting work because
he's really good at listening to studio
notes studios really like directors that
that listen to the things they have to
say that's why Brett Ratner keeps
working that's why a lot of directors
keep working you have to work within the
system and Zack Snyder is really good at
working within the system
so it's just one of those things I don't
I don't I don't think these these are
good I don't I don't like this style
the 300 was alright our 300 whatever
ecology M night Shyamalan still gets
work because he is a recognizable name
and there's enough people who sit will
still go see his movies where he can
still make movies yeah The Sixth Sense
really was good exactly and he has a
unique enough him and and he has that
shit and people people know yeah oh I
wonder what the twist is gonna be at the
end of this one oh I can't wait to see
that twist that twist which Mauri Mauri
you should see 300 it's it's a really
it's a it's a great looking dumb action
movie 300 is 5
Donna the dead had some good points the
the remain his remake of Dawn of the
Dead right
overall I really didn't care for it but
it had some good moments that at the
opening scene of the Donna Dead remake
is great
Joshua sassier says since Fistful of gun
was the wrong game out of the bundle I
gifted you do you think he'll check out
Ronan anytime soon the wrong game a
whole o go org oh god is this my DC
Universe Online new Fox we were gifted a
humble bundle and in that humble bundle
was Fistful of gums which we played and
you know I I did not like we did not
have a good time playing but the game
that the person who gifted it to us
intended us to play it was Ronan oh we
have Ronan it is on the list of games to
play yes
tonight is for shotguns tonight is for
tonight is we are brutal doing because
rich wants to shotgun demons and the
face preferably in fucking face rich the
newest episode of Star Trek continues
cam came out yesterday would you like to
watch it with us after the stream sure
so far rich is this a no different
yeah they go well try keep it that way
yeah do it streams not over if I fail
but not an official it's official no but
I mean like you know the official the
officia
when we do one of those streams yeah
this stream is over when I streams over
yeah yeah just kicked him in the face
bullied I Jack he was howling in pain in
pain and I kept kicking him in the face
until he died cuz that's how this game
rolls anonymous says Jack I tweeted you
a few days ago I missed one you missed
one what was a demon love the wife
doctorate Oh rich that demons gonna
spawn more demons you didn't kill all
the demons well not if they're two like
daddy demons they get married but
they're not gonna spawn any more demons
I suppose I suppose they need to adopt
and then they'd have to leave there to
you know yeah okay uh between II do a
few days ago a synopsis about a 30 year
old freight dispatch simulator that
partially used computer Sam wondering if
you had any thoughts I did I read that
someone someone asked me on Twitter like
if there was like a game that I wanted
maiden I talked about I tweeted back
about that dispatcher game that I talked
about on stream awhile ago we have to
like coordinate
delivery's throughout a city and you
know keep your drivers happy with enough
deliveries but also you know make sure
you get the package there on time and
maybe a great touch-enabled game where
you have to like tell a driver to pick
up here pick up here drop off here and
it was a neat video game idea of mine
they tweeted at me this old video game
or this old like computer simulation of
shipping ships I didn't quite understand
the paper you sent to me but it was an
interesting read thank you for sending
it yep we're anonymous I went to the
Indy 500 today I'm not so sorry
yeah we maybe had a great time they had
a great time
my personal opinion which you are
obviously obviously you disagree with it
is that NASCAR's just the host thing for
me to watch I don't get it I don't get
it drives in a circle I can get the
appeal of maybe being in a race that
probably cool but you still driving in a
circle so yeah like I like feet what's
that looks like the dirt ones where like
there's like turns and shit and you got
it like you know do sick jumps and
whatnot I love that stuff
acid Oh get pit stops yeah you're in
first oh yeah you're gonna make pit stop
now well then you're not first anymore
how does that work how do they handle
pit stops and what your position is well
you did whatever it is when you come
back they have to like pit stop is like
the do they let you go in back into the
position you were in no no when you go
back into the race you are in whatever
positions so it's like a ticket to last
place well no but everybody needs a pit
stop at at some point are they mandated
I know you probably just need them just
for wear and tear yeah they're not
mandated but you just need them and so
then it's like well I'm I'm far enough
in first where I can take a pit stop now
it's it's resource allocation I can take
a pit stop now and then I can work my
way back up to first while everyone else
uses that pit stop later you know or I
can take this time now and get so far
ahead and first that my pit crew can get
me back out before I leave first right
that's the idea anyway
they went to 50 Indy 500 today I'm not a
race fan when asked which do I want to
win I did not know which to pick until I
saw the car sponsored by dooms saw that
on the TV the doom car win I have no
idea probably the doom car win
drivers do say driving a circle is a lot
more technical than the f1 race is a lot
more cars why sure
sometimes the more technical thing isn't
the most exciting thing to watch curling
oh I'm sure curling takes an immense
amount of math but even curling is kind
of exciting awesome doom guy the car
that doom guy would drive would be like
any car in Mad Max that has like spikes
and cannons and shit on it and big
wheels for running over fucking demons
but unlike the cars in Mad Max it would
have some kind of like plasma machine
gun sure and it would be fuelled by
demon blood so you'd have to run over a
demon to keep running over more demons
every once in a while you'd run out of
fuel so then you'd have to get out of
the car chase down a demon drain his
blood into your glass town would be
awesome it would be awesome
it's a good many as in any sport it's
exciting if you love the sport or are
rooting for someone sure sure
you they're still driving in a circle
man there's there's just no way you can
like you know other sports I can
understand you know a flip by I got a
run you're gonna throw you and I hit a
guy yeah I get that baseball you gotta
you gotta hit a ball bits a stick but
that ball moves like really fast then
you gotta catch that ball that's tough
that's movements like that's athleticism
and I know there is athleticism in
driving you know like it takes a while
you and turn the physical stress but it
there's a skill component it could still
be a sport in my eye
it's just it's not fun for me to watch
right right this is what I'm saying
doom car came in 27th place out of 33
lets tell you know I got do Monica
that's cool I think I got doodoo I stole
my favorite car you want to go to the
Indy apples 500 with me no that would be
my response no it's very day I can see
how you're being generous here I can see
what you're trying
I appreciate that you want to spend any
time I mean you know but Kuya
it's a nice thing that you're trying to
do he didn't come in last you're right
he did not come in last
oh you fucker
I got flag Jack uh I got flagged Teddy
Roosevelt once said there are only two
sports auto racing and mountaineering
the rest are merely games I have no
problem with auto racing but I want some
I want some more turns on the track is
what I'm saying and I want a little back
and forth
I want sick jumps
Chuck on shotgun specialist hehe this
game needs a mob with an Easter egg that
allows you to play a few rooms of doom
for that I get it
that is Mineta that is another shit meta
as shit rich if modded the do for
weapons into it oh yeah yeah
honestly rich but would you enjoy car
racing more if there were cars sponsored
by star wars having enjoyed less yea
rally like rally racing where they got
like ups they got hills and chit lots of
turns and goes around like dirt tracks
I want shit like that maybe like some
kind of quicker race with less laps it's
tense and not like I'm not like four
hours of also aren't NASCAR races like
500 laps yeah nothing I think it's
called the Indianapolis 500 because it's
500 laps you think I could be wrong I'm
not viously not a racing expert shat is
that true because that's insane
yeah you know what the only thing more
dull the NASCAR is drag racing were they
racing in a straight line for two
seconds pissed off a NASCAR fans are
there in the chat let's see here hold on
there a chat is saying 500 miles okay
how long is a lap I haven't I don't
think this is a lap like a quarter of a
mile and and it's actually this is
actually two thousand laps to 200 laps
is 500 miles what 200 ish laps okay so
those laps are longer than a mile huh
apparently that's interesting 2.5 miles
is I I had assumed that the the track
was a mile and that the laps laughs
because they did about sure I assumed
you know both were troops 500 laps okay
so so a lap is about two and a half to
five miles okay
is what they're saying it's interesting
interest still not exciting we're going
in a circle going in a circle
give give a motherfucker a figure eights
you know what you give me a right turn
in there and I am I'm a little bit mad
I'm like 75% more onboard if you can
give me a figure eight in NASCAR that
would be awesome
deulim eSport would be more interesting
to watch that's not a joke they it's
it's probably happening they they're
probably they i don't think i think i
have catheters while they race I don't
think they wear diapers I believe they
are capture their gird up and
that would make sense to me
not intersection you know you're like
then you you're like a fridge you make a
prison that bridge not an intersection
that would be awesome though it was an
intersection cousin you have to slow
down a little bit no give me a break
give me a bridge so many deaths is there
word intersection so I was he then it
would be interesting then it would be a
blood sport and then I'd be down with
heart
it'd also be illegal it would yes for
have you very legal no give me a give me
a figure eight maybe that means
something figure eight racing
hold on big neutral checking it out
what's where one goes under the other I
think right huh if it's like a bridge
right I would I want a bridge not like a
real figure eight racing because then
you get oh yeah see like the the thing
you gave me dick neutral that's that's
dumb and someone's gonna crash on
purpose
that's just an excuse to crash which I
get I mean I guess I'm more okay with
excuses to crash I know their audience
but I want a bridge you know like I just
basically I want a right turn that's
what I thought
let's see here
anonymous says any plans for Jack and
Josh review of Free Willy I would watch
the shit out of that there are no plans
for a Jack and Josh episode of review
and if there was it probably wouldn't be
Free Willy
time to kill them demons yeah I think I
have problem with Formula one cars just
because they look so silly
yeah
those Formula one cars efficiency big
tires big tires
so I'd say what's happened what's
happening rich are you doing it yeah I'm
here the end of the first step soon
actually this is the end of the first
episode nice who you got left zero
deaths together to fight
I got a step on this thing okay I fought
the two big guys they're already dead
oh my god the fight is already dead oh
okay so you're done done Wow
so it's a force death at the end yeah
well yeah really it ends right before
you die okay once you beat the big
badasses and clean out the moon base
you're supposed to win aren't you aren't
you
where's your fat reward take it home
what the hell is this it's not supposed
to end this way it stinks like rotten
meat but looks like the lost demos bass
looks like you're stuck on the shores of
hell the only way out is through to
continue the doom experience play the
shores of Hell and it's amazing sequel
inferno
now you think back in the day they doom
ship to that first episode that was all
free I played it so many fucking times
so many fucking times and does anyone
can get my computer huh
here's the thing my computer was a piece
of shit uh-huh and the way you made doom
run better on a shit computer was yet to
actually shrink the screen size so it
had to draw less pixels the only way I
can get him running smooth is a good
little tiny little screen it was the
only way I had to move doom experience
that was the first episode of doom
that's great yeah yeah that's great
I really saw like like the screen so I
was like a third of that how many times
do you think you played that first
episode before he bought it I I don't
know I mean I don't know a bunch the
full game though was like I forget it
was Christmas for my birthday it's a
wonderful prison that's great I think my
dad chefs some more RAM in my computer
or something so I could actually run it
