Episode 149
Steamworld Heist(XCOM but for Jack)(Part 1)
July 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crK0q28GGVc
___________________________________________

where we are uncharacteristically early
that we're here it's gonna happen
sometimes we're here early
that's great
yeah sure
if you want it hey everybody welcome to
the stream let me know about game audio
we cannot hear the game audio I can turn
it up or down
so let me know if the game audio is too
low too high
crazy I guess we never showed
read my letter we did start early it's
loud it's loud little loud okay I will
turn it down how about that
okay now how's the game audio that turns
out too much possibly kick it up there
how's that how's the game audio after
three if I be if I he's a three game
audio of something so how was how was
everything without me dude boring
he's boring
you didn't play any fun games I played a
lot of fun games played over lunch I did
not play over well good for you
those overwatch fuckers will really
start to piss me off
your visits it really wants to play
something talking about it every three
seconds a bad way to go about things a
bad bad way to go about things
yeah oh that's right wait I know I this
game static sorry buddy I know I was
game setting
why is the game shot
there now there should be decidedly less
game audio static if not I don't really
know what to do so what is this this is
steam world the heist steve world steam
world hi steam world there's a series of
games that it started off with kind of a
2d minecraft clone called steamworld dig
that was a lot like i'm terraria a
little really heard of it it kind of
looked like to her area and so steam
world is like they had to have a few
games this game is heist I'm going to
describe this game as XCOM but for deck
still missing still
Oh pause pause pausing for his father
for his
headphones for hiss turned down for what
that's awkward
bad
yeah that's awful bad sorry everybody
working on it
it's a problem forever mice no it's it's
a hiss from the vs
why why is the question why is the
question could be the cable we have
another cable nothing now the quality
stream from jagan ridge high quality
string well the strings here get your
quality streams yeah son of a bitch
fixed barking fixed higher you got it I
fixed it because I turned it off so Jack
it's gone
yep it's gone because I turned it off
the game off
I turned the sound for the game off and
that's so that's not necessarily a fix
we're gonna try something else here and
see if this works
yes we just started we just started
welcome everybody testing
that's so fucked up why do you do that
phantom power has been switched off
phantom power switch
I'm just sitting here don't mind me
don't mind me
two backs thank you for subscribing 17
months in a row and baby
yeah good oh my god baby yeah go Ella
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
so what's the story in the meantime what
kind of yeah people get old and die
that's the story right there it has a
beginning a middle and actually I forgot
the beginning people are born they get
old and they die
beginning middle end that's the story
that's it that's a horrible storage it's
still story that is true but that's a
horrible story life is full of horrible
stories did you know that III starting
today
is anything what's what's going on with
you three is anything interesting happen
so far no I think I figured it out
look I you know I had a working vacation
I'm I'm working on moving the fiance up
here oh yeah
so III spent all week like sorting and
boxing in the shed so it really it
wasn't vacation I figured I figured it
out
okay so rich uh can I get a testing one
two testing one two testing one two one
two testing testing all right
- ting after jack has figured it out can
you guys hear the game audio
I believe I figured it out now it's just
about adjusting the volume and cleaning
the rlm viewing room somebody made a
mess no game audio okay can turn it up a
little bit
Chernobyl kinsman thank you for
subscribing 14 months in a row really
appreciate it's true I'm sure we really
do okay so now now we're gonna say five
after after the the letter five how are
we doing this is V five this is version
five of the game audio after v5 how does
it work
letter five okay great five there it is
better five no hiss right no hiss can
you hear it sounds good yes perfect
letter five fuck yeah but when I do I
want to do videos for clients you know
and I give them you know the final
product you know so this is you know
project one v01 and then they they make
changes okay project 1 V 0 to V 0 3 and
then you go on and on until you get the
final project but then if you have very
special clients you get final Prosser
you know like project 1 final V 2 final
V 3 no this is so this is the final
final final there's a committee of
people that feel like they need to
justify their job yes and if you hand
them a video and and they say it's fine
that means that looks like they didn't
do any work exactly what why do they
need why does the company need those
people that is so now that I've
personally worked at many of these but
the way I understand it is that you hand
them a final product and I mean you make
this like two seconds shorter
you know what it just doesn't have the
right feel to it I was hoping I was
hoping for okay so I have a question so
I'm gonna play steamworld heist which
which I will describe as XCOM but for
Jack because it is a turn-based tactical
strategy game but it's 2d it has
steampunk robots as you see right there
and you actually have to aim your gun
now but that's okay thanks but haven't
seen this yeah that's part of the world
so this is a very Jack XM so I have a
question for I'm about three hours into
the game no thoughts on e3 fuck III
that's my thoughts I mean here's the
question does anybody actually watch
these fucking boring ass overly long
press conferences unless it's part of
their job and then people that actually
look forward to this shit yeah you went
to all this shit is done and then you go
online and you look for a summary of
actual announcements yep and then if
something actually sounds good but maybe
you look at a little bit of footage of
just that section but what kind of what
could have insane person sits down to
watch this shit live if they're not
getting paid to do it I have no idea you
know I used to watch III like there you
know like I watched it some way back in
the day but you know like you cannot
watch a bunch of corporate assholes
pretend to like games while trying to
sell you crap for four hours more so you
just you you get the list of stuff every
here's the list of everything that's
announced oh here and and here's
hyperlinks all the trailers that's what
you want that's all I want
yeah is the list yeah maybe the list
give me the list too
okay so I have a quick question about
steamworld heist do people want me to
start a fresh game including like the
tutorial level and everything or do you
want me to continue playing knowing that
I'm about three hours in I think they
want us to play overwatch
I love overwatch by the way I'm not
gonna play it I'm not gonna play
overwatch on stream but I love overwatch
it's a great game it's a fantastic
first-person shooter what are the pros
and cons of overwatch yes of starting
this thing over the the pros is starting
over as people get to see it from the
beginning the con is you know the early
levels are really simple fresh fresh but
continue okay we have mostly plushies
continue I might have missed some but it
looks like it's two and two right now -
and - and some overwatch comments I love
overwatch fuckin Symetra for the win
tutorial suck continue continues pulling
ahead continues blowing ahead continue
continue and continues one okay alright
I will continue them symmetric I'm more
fresh but I think it was too little too
late for for overwatch for the win by
the way she's the one of the greatest
defensive characters ever shit one of
her powers is she can place turrets
anywhere on walls and ceilings and the
turrets not only damage your enemy but
slow them down and so if you can
strategically place the turrets for any
of the big enemies so you kind of get
trapped in a web and then all your
teammates know and they can focus their
attack on them she also has the the
special super ability for a teleporter
which is credibly useful
it's it's very fun for me I'm not I'm
not gonna ever play it on streem because
that is a game just for me okay I am
going to play them three hours and 44
minutes okay so here is the basics of
the game you play as this little you
play as the ship captain here are all my
crew these are you know these are my
soldiers if you're if we're thinking
XCOM different classes different weapon
upgrades you can kind of pick these up
bars and so it's not top down it's not
top down it's too deep
it's a 2d side-scroller I'm waiting to
see what about this is anything like
that scum well you'll see okay so you
know this is basically that your base
yeah
in excellent okay so now let's go find
let's go see if we can find a mission I
mean I'm sure we can find oh no is my
only mission left like that I don't want
to do like the big bad one I don't want
to start on like a final boss mission
rocket wait
well yeah I like rocket League that's
the exception not the rule because you
can't play it with bots that I've done
that too much
and I'll go back to one of my older
levels where I didn't do too well well
you know let's see what this is
let's just see what this is done any off
stream Dark Souls 3 plane I mean I did I
think I've talked about this I did right
after we did that stream and I mean in
total I think I got 15 18 hours into
Dark Souls 3 and I just have not cared
about it since that's that's the real I
would have to reinstall it I know it
wasn't running so great earlier now you
probably get it to run now yes yes train
race all that Nana says rich do you plan
to have children I don't plan to but
things are usually accidents aren't
thing
what what's sane human being would plan
to have a child every time every time he
talks about them but just sounds
horrible some kind of some kind of
disease that one of them has a birthday
party issue take time out your Saturday
to drive across town fuck that
I just recruited someone new that's what
that was hey you do though you're like
anonymous hey guys enjoy this poem
corporate AIDS trying to sew games but
all they do was cause rich pains mmm III
is a joke the sheeple of America an
offensive disgusting
we all need an enema Oh what as an event
III is is unnecessary like I said list
list of new shit list of new shit list
of new shit I think there were there was
a time in which III advantage served
served well what I'm saying is to serve
the purpose yeah kind of pre or early
days of Internet it's served a purpose
right but I don't think you need a
multi-million dollar conference no not
anymore
like I think Nintendo has the right idea
absolutely just for you sir here's a
pre-recorded video yep expect this yeah
and you know what they still go to e3
like they have playable demos they have
like well cuz that's the other part of
e3 it's like people can go there learn
about the games it's all a corporate
hype machine but you know I need to I'll
choose this one and we'll see if this
one does any good fresh matches don't
want to export seems like a good place
the Nintendo pre-made video is a lot
more entertaining to watch then the the
corporate conferences with the corporate
jerks who don't care about games and
don't like you it's have to pretend
otherwise
it's so awful listening to those guys
listening to those guys talk they they
do not project confidence well yeah a
three-way tie games we love gamers and
that's why we've created super
microtransactions for gamers by gamers
because we make games that we're also
gamers you give us your credit card and
then the transactions start
automatically you don't even know that
opening
what kind of concrete Lance's yeah hello
previously rectum hello after yours my
friend bugging me to get into creature I
finally have and I adored so far I'm
about 3/4 done with it
rich poor your favorite characters from
it rich Jessie into the mayhem I like
our main characters they're fine main
characters hair stars a good villain
yeah hair star it was only in one story
arc but the meat man was pretty fun he
ran a slaughterhouse
so here's the little area where you can
you know change your characters change
your loadouts everyone has different
weapons which do different things and
different items that I picked up you
know like this gives you an extra hit
this is a medkit here your bullets do
extra damage you get an extra action
turn makes you faster melee here's the
guy just picked up he's another like
heavy class and I got this bazooka so
you know you got you want to try out the
bazooka we'll see how he does we'll see
how he does so now is where we get into
ex-con so you see the bottom screen
there's a dog yep and the the blue
squares are cover the green things are
doors and the manage to open a door to
the escape pod already it'll stay open
so go as far as you dare Wow okay great
okay so now just remember that the way
back can be mighty dangerous home I
suppose right so now you know you go
through your characters you get a
certain number of movement points cover
okay and then here are the bad guys and
so you know like for example it with my
with my lady here my lady Bob we're
gonna find some cover here by this
barrel and then that you guys can't see
but or you guys can't see me pointing
but you know that man with the axe is an
enemy okay so unlike XCOM you actually
have to physically aim your gun is your
aim 100% what do you mean like if I
shoot up here I might not get them so I
have to hit them if you're if you're
like like right there your gun is
obviously pointed up yes is there a
chance to miss no not if it's point you
know like here obviously this is
point-blank yeah so I'm not gonna miss
where it gets interesting
if you had a laser sight of a perfect
yes and this this paper is my sniper she
has a laser sight but here's where it
gets interest for guns that don't have
the laser sights let's say this guy was
further away yeah or was behind some
cover
you can ricochet bullets so but here
obviously I'm just gonna blank
I'm obviously just gonna point blank
let's see what's in this door like this
guy who's pretty far away like yeah
she's got the laser sight but you got to
look and see like I'm not moving it
right there that's just like natural
drift okay but like you know headshots
do more damage you get points for an
amazing ricochet I don't know if you get
points I mean you kill the guy yeah you
kill the guy rich that's the important
part yeah so this mission is literally
just about getting as far in this big
ship as far in this big ship as I can
and getting as much loot as possible oh
I kind of this got a little story to it
and you know obviously much cuter
graphics but yeah we're just looting the
ships we're looting for water water is
our currency because we're all steam
BOTS and it's just kind of cute like I
said it's XCOM but for Jack nice to 91
hey guys if you don't know there is a
huge sale on GOG just now just picked up
doom System Shock 2 and spelunky for
under $10 move check out the little big
adventure games get both for three total
Cheers
thank you hang on the info check out the
sale and again oh okay great
sales are great every everyone should
own spelunky spunky's one of my favorite
games so here you have a chance to own
spelunky
maybe popped up behind us well you know
what let's see what this bazooka does
kills you with a splash damage it does
yes you're standing right next to a
thing you're shooting right well like
I'm gonna shoot this way okay well I
should not dead
he's not that but I shot his cover I
killed his cover and of course I have
these other people with me all right
well that helps a little bit well now I
don't want to open the door yet so
you're just gonna hi and I did kill oh I
already I already took care of it well
so the the blue and the yellow is where
you can move if you stay within the
yellow dashed line you can still shoot
also its opposite XCOM we're totally not
XCOM it's now is the yellow that sets
the the first book oh is ex-con the
other way blue is you can still shoot oh
yes so much opposite of XM if you go
into the blue is your dad I don't know
what you're talking about this ludicrous
nothing alike Anonymous is Jack guy Jack
play tf2 on streaming it was a great fun
why did you categorically decide to not
play overwatch on stream and how much
money would persuade you to do otherwise
was tf2 a lot of fun I mean we did have
some fun playing tf2 uh no I I will
probably play overwatch on stream right
now I'm enjoying it and there's so many
other people who are so much better at
the game than me where it's like if you
really want to watch someone play
overwatch just go watch star or go watch
Germa or go watch someone who is like
and actually good at playing it you know
okay
well and also but also remember I don't
have it on PC yet and so
you can play with me because I usually
put a couple hours to take on Xbox one
but you know are there any games from 83
you guys are actually excited about how
the fuck do we know until they announce
the game it's like the new shit you care
about yeah no I just don't I just don't
I don't care about anything or anyone
we're here and my captain has a as a
perk or if she's standing next to
someone they're inspired so they do more
damage and now my two biddies over here
I'll do super damage Oh and kill shot
means I get another at Oh
Oh but I don't need it because he's dead
I was interested in the new doom but
there obviously has already come out
yeah you guys in the extra game such as
Devil May Cry and got a for definitely
cry it was fun gotta four is
button-mashing shit button mash and QTE
shit on ninja gaiden is so much better
than God of War buff like yourself for
saying gotta for that was Wow my
response to tender juicy check me Wow I
played a little bit of the first one God
of War I and I just hit the X button he
just started spinning his things
everywhere you know arc that was like
half the screams like why even doing its
the swing everywhere button for a little
bit though before you before you figure
that out didn't you say that almost it's
not a moron like I started playing this
and I was like oh I think I'm gonna be a
badass about this and then you guys as
you go on you're like oh I don't have to
do anything there was a moment there was
a small moment though to be fair I
haven't played much of it but I haven't
played much of it because I got sick of
it real quick
sure sure sure
and I'm being an ass
it's fine if you enjoy god of war but no
it's not fine
I don't know why you're talking about it
now that I don't like brawlers because
I'm fucking fucking love Ninja Gaiden
it's not fine right I don't know Ninja
Gaiden 1 & 2 with the ship it's you know
it's crap and it's garbage and everyone
should be ashamed like a chart for
that's so crappy that game is so fucking
crap I hate it so hard dude give it a
chance we played it for 4 hours if your
game is still shit after 4 hours you
have a problem it's a 14 hour long nikka
care if it was just about to be good no
matter what 30% of your game is shit if
you can't sell me in the first 4 hour
and you know we debated for a while we
didn't first 4 hours up well exactly and
I said oh you know maybe just like oh
the first hour of this game and rich is
like that's not enough to know we're
like up to two hours that's still not
enough like what's what's this what's
the cutoff for like if I play game the
safe cutoff
what's the bare minutes a cut-off for
well you know we've given it a shot
yes and it's four hours that's what we
came up with at least and I firmly
believe that four hours is correct
here so what so Jack you watch bad
movies to have fun sometimes but you
ever play bad games to have fun we
played Uncharted 4 for 4 hours and I
wouldn't say it was much fun
one small ball says doesn't matter how
big you are at any game we just enjoy
you for you also lol fuck might be neat
Frankie says rich Jane I love you guys
keep being awesome how about that
comment day that's fine that's fine my
fun
Anonymous's hey guys I just barked down
well the other day and has quickly
become one of my favorite roguelike
games ever
mmm the perfect definition of short and
sweet in my opinion what are your
thoughts I haven't played a bunch cuz
you know we ended up playing doom the
show yep
whatnot but I enjoyed my time with
downtown yep I might pick it up for
brief spurts good yeah it is it is a
good length you just got a quick game
play a little double yeah you know I
recently got a recently came up for the
ps4 and Vita and it's a great it's a
great like I have two minutes to kill
Vita game cuz you know just go down a
couple so it's a great handheld game the
only problem is I wish there was a way
to play it like this because the game is
all vertical and so what happens on the
Vita is I don't use two thirds of my
screen
oh you know what I'll have a look at the
settings in the PC I wonder if there's a
double portrait mode oh that would be
great the game you know like it I know
I've seen it it runs on iPhones and
iPads yeah but of course no physical
buttons but you know on a physical
button
I want a physical button yeah yeah but
it would be perfect for a phone game
because you get that vertical space and
I wanna I want some way to flip it on my
Vita to play it to play it vertically
I'm so fuckin dead also something you
should know you guys or order the game
was only taking up half the screen right
this kind of looks weird that half the
screen is black well the game was the
game is ripped single and it's a
sideways rectangle what you want we're
doing this on the Vita and you know you
got the two Vita screams we're playing
this we're playing this on the Vita is
Nintendo Nintendo station Vita Wow three
Vitas
we're playing this on the 3ds and so
that's that's kind of what we get
usually we have like the color bars I
don't know oh you don't have the color
bars on this you know we have just like
that background thing yeah yeah leave
this color bar that's fine that's fine
just so fucking dead and he plans to do
a full review of uncharted 4 nope you
couldn't you couldn't pay me to play
that fucking thing again all done all
done you know what I think of it damn it
right right what else do you want from
us it's like fire watch with less
interesting characters snap what's a
sick burn rich sick burn
I am unaware of any warcraft half in the
bag plans doesn't mean there are I'm
just not aware of it probably not it's
doing great in China sort of sort of
turn into Genesis that's what I wanted
you to say China's ruining movies for
everyone everyone says that every way
every critic I have I've heard and has
said like the Warcraft movie is just
unintelligible like they have no it's
it's a terrible terrible movie but it's
doing gangbusters because of China I'm
really hoping that diplomatic relations
get really bad so wait you know like
maybe they maybe they close off the
borders and we can stop you know
exporting our films there okay so uh I
died wait what we need but what I'm
saying is we need another Cold War I
need a cold war with China we do not
need a cold war a cold war with China
will not help okay so I died because I
made a really stupid mistake yeah I'm a
laid a enemy that explodes when you kill
them and two of my people were right
next to that enemy because I was not
thinking correctly what does this mean
ah so like an X come another another
reason why this is more of a jack game
is because it's a little lighter and
XCOM if your if your guy is downed right
they're injured and you can't use them
on missions and they have to take time
to heal them here you just lose some
money okay and your your anyone who
doesn't make the mission doesn't level
up at the end of the mission so they
don't die they don't die permanently so
there's there's no permanent you just
lose money I have not gotten to the
point yet where I lose so much that I
lose all my money maybe there there's
some sort of permanent
but I was asking how hard this game I'm
playing on the the medium difficulty and
so far I've found it adequately
challenging like I I have gotten through
missions where I felt really good and
really smart I handled that correctly
I've also lost a bunch of mission yeah
like that one but I made a really stupid
mistake so not as hard as XCOM but you
still saved satisfying it's still
satisfying it's it's it's light it's a
lighter game so I still think it's
satisfying though but I kind of like the
lighter game's Germans you play says I
enjoyed you I enjoyed your first four
hours of uncharted 4 thank you it really
mirrors my feelings of uncharted 3 no I
can't believe the universal praise no
tension because the clear cut between
platforming shooting set pieces no
build-up no no and like even you know
the one the little bits of gameplay that
we did get like the one shootout section
yet people complained bitterly that we
we cut out the action scenes for one you
did show the punching and you show some
of the boat shootout yep yep you did
show some of that yep and you total all
of those action bits together what was
that like 7 minutes so far oh yes
absolutely
we got one gun battle in which we
actually did not have to shoot anyone
cuz the other the other NPCs were just
happy to shoot everything exactly and
then we got the boat chase scene which
is more adult oil and a little dark
who'sa tutorial we saw the boats too I
said well I'm never gonna see another
boat in this game again this is
pointless that was my reaction to the
boats I've also read someone in the
comment section mmm-hmm that you can
just drive that boat around in a circle
and eventually the other boat that
scripted to ram into you like it'll
eventually just force you to ram into it
of course of course that was clear a
scripted moment but it's so immersive so
you have no control over anything that
happens so immersive who's gonna have to
pretend it's immersive man it's
immersive that makes an immersive what
as long as as long as you want more than
anything in life for it to be immersive
it will be immersive yeah and you know
I've read some of the comments why don't
you just swim just move your arms in the
air and swim
it'll be so amazing like I've read some
of the comments about like you guys
weren't letting it be immersive and and
here's here's the thing you do you have
to be you have to be willing to give
something let you like if you go to a
comedy club you have to be willing to
laugh right but at the same time they
need to be funny the committee so like
rich and I are gamers we are always
willing to have a good time while
playing a game that's a strange question
to me because I have never not been
willing to laugh that's that's the thing
where it's like I think we are always
willing to have a good time playing a
game we want to have a good time playing
a video game but they have to have a
good game look so I am naturally cynical
I expected pretty much what we got you
know and uncharted for actually I
expected a little bit more actual gaming
then we got okay we have far less like
like shooting and you know it meant my
cynical expectations but here's the
thing when I go into a game cynically if
the game is good I'll still like the
game I was worried I was you know doing
well they're probably not gonna get away
they have made it they have made a
shooter I've loved in years is gonna be
like a modernized doom mm-hmm and then I
played doom as you know I was expecting
I was expecting to be let down loved it
really yeah I can go into a game with a
cynical mindset if the game is good it's
good I love it that'll change I would
say you know what oh you know what I'm
glad I was wrong if the game is good hmm
I expected shit pudding and that's what
I got with uncharted 4
all right let me let me read some of
these er that sintra I was that I was
about to ask you by the way for an
example
yeah of a game you went into really
cynically in Doom not Simon you know I
mean that's super cynical about it I
didn't expect it to be as horrible as I
expected I'm started for to be sure but
I wasn't expecting to fall in love with
them I was expecting to be you know
letdown you know there's no way you
could live up there gonna do something
stupid yeah something stupid I know like
I was really skeptical like the glory
kills I'm watching that takes control
away from you I don't think I'm gonna
like that I don't think I'm gonna like
and I love doing it what I actually got
my hands on today hmm so even though I
was cynical about that yeah
I came with really loving just about
everything that is good to know and
honest when is your time spent what The
Last of Us and uncharted 4 which is your
choice for best of the worst thank you
for your donation anonymous budget
Messiah says hi hi I'm Mike and J hi I
have a very serious question oh no not a
serious question which one which has
surely been asked before but I would
like to know would you guys ever do a
playthrough of star control - aka the
Burke ken Masters maybe do we have a
copy I don't know I don't know much
about the star controls
show you the honest truth
tell me more about star control before I
can give you an answer
Skulltula house says jak3 watch prereq
III 2015 vid loved your description of
Gears of War / Tomb Raider
you said they were walking along a path
and a series of scripted events happen
sound like another game I did
specifically we talked about Gears of
War and Laura Croft because almost the
exact same thing happened in both
trailers at e3 and so I loved cutting
back and forth between the two yes and
that's uncharted 4 - I'm so worried
about I you know what I like I think
we're gonna do gears for prereq because
I love Gears of War
here's war is a fine game it's a game
it's about it's not my preferred way of
playing shooters and all we know I hate
the fact that I don't hate gears
ya know this is a lot absolutely gears
is fun gears gears to me is like is like
is like an early Michael Bay movie where
it's just dumb fun and it knows it as
the series went on it got a little too
melodramatic for me and they were a
little too excited about their plot
twists it's like we don't fucking cares
but fun game and I'm pretty sure they're
gonna shit the bed with gears for I
don't know much about cares for it just
it looks it looks like a walking
simulator yeah it looks like I'm - is
someone else developing that's a good
question I don't know it looks a lot
like uncharted 4 okay maybe the army if
it's a different no it's the same dead
you kind of figure well you know they've
been doing this for a while it's what
they like we want to bring some dotty
target because that's where and changing
the way you look at Gears of War
we're gonna bring gaze of war to a new
generation of gamers we've introduced
week time events why am I talking like
this I don't know
III just exploding squid says III just
released the Mass Effect Andromeda
trailer I instantly knew rich how
excited you were for this Lord Beaumont
says I've bought Mirror's Edge for ps4
the day after you stream to Jack you
sold it for me no and I liked it more
than I thought I would it's fine anyone
see conjuring - well there be a half of
the bag about it you guys like him Jay
bug my ass my DJ but what not what's
gonna happen you know we just saw Jay vo
today and you know what we didn't talk
about is what he's doing next for half
in the bag we're talking about a bunch
of other stuff I'm sorry no meat you
know what Amir I was telling rich about
Mirror's Edge
it's it's a lot like the first Mirror's
Edge which is like a really interesting
premise the world is kind of douchey but
the controls are kind of fun it's it's
like it's this weird kind of good kind
of bad world where it is fun to just
flip around and run around the city but
it's also incredibly nauseating because
you're flipping around and running
around the city in this roll you roll in
the camera doesn't flip that sounds like
a terrible idea
it made my stomach jump every single
time okay I would never roll but well
you should you need to roll to go fast
okay but it's like it's a really
interesting premise I haven't played
since only because I started playing
steamworld heist but uh and and watch I
just took that disc right out of my xbox
one put overwatch back in without
overwatch I might have picked it up
someone Mirror's Edge it's kind of like
this it's kinda like this
it's my official review of Mirror's Edge
hey rich hey 3 trailer for you enjoy
this is anonymous I'm not even a flip on
this I know what the hell it is I don't
click on this I just turned it off yep
turn it up so much I care turn it off
worded my tips competition because I
clicked on it because I clicked on the
Andromeda the Andromeda idiot here we go
dromeda took away my tips Mass Effect
takes away everything good no anonymous
says warning incoming joke
what did Rich's hat say to Jack's head
hey there your head is a nightmare for
lice I read something wrong but rich is
a hat what did riches hat say to Jack's
head hey there your head is a nightmare
for lice he's supplying that I have one
since the joke
people have no hair but what would that
do for my head cuz like life's wouldn't
go to my head I don't know if I have
either so but but I also like lice need
hair to like hide in and burrow so it's
like why would it I barely have headache
was why your head would be a nightmare
for us oh I get I think I get it then
joke is that your ball that I have lice
it's just basically just an insult oh oh
the real Vance these guys should skip
Wednesday stream and come up to you
Claire for the you Claire municipal
band's concert at Owen Park three you
fucks concerts are too loud I told you I
went to something like drag with the
Summerfest and those consoles coracle
age plans
concreting says I enjoy games like punch
and allow even though I know the
gameplay the even though I know the game
played the focus I think doesn't isn't
missing Friday isn't the focus right
like at all like it barely happens I get
drawn in and waste a few hours of
escapism it's kind of like artful junk
food but I sink more into web-
but I think more time and do doom types
you're allowed to lightly let's despite
the fact that I can't stand like the I'm
sure it sounded doesn't mean that
anybody watching this chat is a horrible
person but I figure for liking the
Naughty Dog games I just don't I don't
get it no I just I'm just happy you for
you found enjoyment in something much
Messiah says I'm surprised you've not
even heard of star control two from the
classic era of early 90s computer gaming
and possibly has the best story of any
game ever
I think you two would love it the names
familiar i just i actually know nothing
about it i I would assume that's what
that'd be all you'd be all on that
that's not that sound that game sounds
incredibly like something Rich's into
niala says hi guys question Uncharted
games be improved if the climbing
mechanics were like classic tomb raider
actual risk of falling on a Ledge or is
game too far up its ass with story
chapters little both both you know
platforming it's not like it's
challenging platforming its tomb raider
was more like of like a puzzle like
figuring out what you're supposed to do
there was platforming - there was like
super mario 64 platforming and - lady
and i had to jump over the thing but but
it's mostly puzzles right yeah if I
climb up here maybe I can get to there
maybe that will work and charted what's
the only way you can go I'm trying to
think of how you would even like where's
the path like perhaps if what if what if
Uncharted had some sort of grip mechanic
like in Shadow of the Colossus where
well it needs some sort of game elements
Prince of Persia just play Prince of
Persia sands of time you're gonna get a
good we're gonna get a good platforming
yeah and a good story experience and the
two are married it's not a huge game
playing back to the story yeah a little
gameplay sands of time Prince of Persia
sense of you doing puzzles mmm the same
time if character who's talking to you
while you're actually doing the
platforming they're not just like
walking slowly to the kitchen
technically it's not a cutscene because
you're walking yourself through the
kitchen
remember when I had to make a choice
that's yeah and in an uncharted 4 and
then I completely disregarded my choice
it's not just a choice I'm just just
putting that out there
I was super pissed about that
the budget messiah says fans have
preserved slash remade the game as the
con the or Quan pronounced like or Quan
masters a free-to-play version which
recently got an h2 update check it out
on source SourceForge and please give
her a go right now we're doing scoop on
the cheap yep I guess I'm caught up on
uncharted 4 so my thought is you have
these you have these like rock climbing
platform you know like that's the
platforming in the game is more rock
climbing and so perhaps there's a way to
make some sort of game out of the rock
climbing you know like finding you know
if there are more footholds and you had
to like choose the right foothold and
conserve energy and you know like use
your your your grip strength or you had
a limited number of ropes and so you had
to make it up the thing you know like if
there was any sort of gameplay in the
climbing sections perhaps it could you
know be salvaged some yeah isn't Prince
of Persia on a rail just like Uncharted
right here's here's the thing but
uncharted being real a lot of people say
about Uncharted let yourself get
immersed ya know not every game has to
be an immersive experience okay not
necessary
mm-hmm but if you're on a rail you're
naturally not an immersive experience
YUM so there's nothing necessarily wrong
with the idea of being on a rail is just
you're don't settle that is an immersive
experience that's not impersonal now now
what Prince of Persia does right is it
actually has fun gameplay
there's there's the path you have to
take to get where you're going but the
actions of getting there the jumping and
the avoiding of the spikes that's all
fun actions to be performing it's fun
platforming unlike Uncharted which has
dulled platforming it's bad gameplay I'm
sure it is bad gameplay Prince of Persia
has fun gameplay hmm
Prince of Persia doesn't stop the
gameplay so the story can happen you're
talking to Pharaoh
while you're doing the jump she's
probably saying something in from across
the other side of the room waiting for
you to hit the switch she can join you
but you're doing the platformers get to
the switch she's talking about this or
that it's going on concurrently with the
gameplay they've merged Uncharted says
here's a section where I know you push
some caskets you gotta do something I
push the casket and then we're gonna
stop and talk to our friend Bob for 20
minutes and then oh well we didn't do
game oh you shoot those two guys sure
those two guys Hey oh good now we can
spend our time walk-in to the hardware
store and the most there's nothing
interesting gonna happen on the way to
the hardware store just pick something
up we could walk to the hardware store
the most upsetting part is there was
that one moment that was story and
gameplay where we're reminiscing about
you know because the whole story is
about like remembering the grand
adventures but trying to grow up right
and you have this you have this scene in
the game in which Drake is remembering
all of his heists from the past and and
he finds a little pop gun and he starts
pretending to shoot at the enemies and
you know it's a game you're you were
actually like aiming at target and I
don't think there's any like win or lose
scenario but it's fun like oh and I am
shooting something I'm playing game but
you're also doing it with a pop gun and
so it's like a little bit of story
characterization he wishes for adventure
he craves adventure but he's living a
dull life
I understood that with that scene and
that was a great merging of story and
gameplay
and and and that's it and that's and
then and then they decided guess what
here's another cutscene
here's another cutscene that's all you
are getting right now is another fucking
Cutts now walk around for 30 minutes and
find the casket you're supposed to push
what the fuck was that section doing in
a game in 2016 what the fuck was that
doing I don't know why did that exist I
don't know which I am very sorry that I
don't know hurry that the Prince of
Persia which is actually fun to play
because nobody cares how fun something
is to play anymore we live in a horrible
world where that's like completely
that's that's not even on people's radar
how fun it is the funny game is yeah
yeah
what of the preacher so rich in all caps
I don't I don't care because the trailer
looked bad
and I've read the books and eBooks for
fun that's all I really need yeah I saw
the pilot of preacher and I thought it
was alright I thought they could go in
some really interesting places and I
haven't cared to check back with the
second episode that's how much that's
how much of an impact the pilot of
preacher
left on me I am more excited just to
read the books I I have no faith in them
handling the source material faithfully
and correctly I have no faith yeah I
think that's fair I think that's I think
all said and done the message of the
series is going to be entirely different
from the messages and themes of the book
maybe I'll be wrong but I'll find out
when they've got a season or two under
their belt that I've heard I think it's
incredibly Farage yep that is incredibly
incredibly fair Sri Chen says welcome
back rich hope y'all are doing well
playing anything on your own 3ds lately
I'm finding to look into anything on
there in the near future not right this
moment though I didn't purchase Super
Mario 3d World lately
recently I've been I've been way too
busy to to be concerned like watch yeah
yeah anonymous says hey rich the time
comes
would you consider hosting a sweepstakes
for one lucky al-alam fan to attend your
wedding as either a groomsman or a
bridesmaid
would be fun for all but I mean that's
the best idea you guys really know how
to ride the line between daring and
creepy right on that line a sweepstake
would you even what would be the
logistics behind them oh man
we would need background checks for
everyone
gobbledygook says currently in love with
hertz of iron for the amount of math and
this world war ii simulator is so
impressive and just another reason why
pc gaming is so good by the way DC
Universe is on Xbox one for free you
fucks is it really okay apparently
talking while those this parts of iron
for it was gifted to me by gamma does
okay then I've also heard someone say
it's a yes oh no
then gobbledygook he should know better
I'll take a look at it so here's where
we good thing here's where it's just
some fun you know this is my sniper
class so she's got the laser scoped
I got an exploding guy here he's a male
in short range so I'd like I have some
some I don't think he can reach me in
his next turn button so now I can like
you know see where to bounce off my
bullet to see if I can hit him
headed up higher
there yeah but it's it yeah there we go
hey you gotta you gotta be a little
quick weight and that's the thing I like
about about uh about the aiming you know
like you there there's some there's some
like twitch gamey skill and it's not
just the math that always bugged me
about XCOM just a hard random dice roll
you know Colin was pretty great and oh
deadpans but they're fun guys they're
fun guys they're fun fun guys
I like that I like those guys I feel
really bad because I've only actually
met them once like I've hung out with
them in real life one night they're cool
dudes I would like them to come back I
think the cool dudes and hopefully when
when and if they come back I think that
would be me did you guys ever consider
doing a stream of various Atari 2600
games
oh my this is coming from somebody who
blew it's the Atari we're home you have
so much hate for something that's so old
gave me my first existential crisis was
I was playing a game on the sorry 2600
okay I think it was like a game we were
like a dolphin swimming around right and
and you know the Atari games they never
had you know endings just the same thing
good enough for this game dolphin where
I wasn't dying and I'm just playing and
I'm going through and dodge surco goes
back to search go through the hoops died
your sirness
oh I'm going through the hoops dodge the
shark so going through the hoops dodge
the sharks going through the hoops dodge
the shirts going through the hoops that
oh my god this is all there is
it's the same thing over and over again
and it's gonna be like this forever I'm
just just an endless loop work I'm
looking at these pathetic graphics and
I'm just going through that hoop and
dodging that shark life is horrible and
meaningless that was this is five year
old routine oh my god the Atari 2600
sweet sweet jeebus you poor poor man
same thing yet rich loves Pacolet I've
never been good enough from pac-man
to have like an infinite loop where I
would never lose a lonely battle machine
three two deuces hi rich did you enjoy
your vacation thank you for asking but
no it was a working vacation where I was
packing and moving stuff I actually need
to take a day off tomorrow oh I guess hi
- jack - no anyway how much should we
tip in order to get you to stream your a
wedding they really need $10,000 $10,000
a live stream my wedding do you think
even even for that amount of money do
you possibly think you could talk Karen
into that Wow okay Cara Karen Karen then
is it for for 20,000 oh no I will do
this completely secretly without Karen
knowing with like hidden cameras and
$20,000 and for $30,000 the chat can
write Rich's vows terrible rich you know
at least you have standards you won't
get you won't let those chat write your
vows all right I'm okay with this
once you sum total of footage displayed
by ei of the newly announced Star Wars
game
not really nope okay no don't go
look doctor
II
if we script his entire wedding it will
remind him too much of uncharted 4 but I
wouldn't care so much about how strict
it is if the gameplay was fun and
frequent it's it's neither
is that Oh Mac says oh I'm just um
Elementor that too but I'll get back to
that one ZeniMax is please say I love
the Atari 2600 it is one of my favorite
consoles and I have many happy memories
playing as a child pick up G&G; after
dark says hey Jack and rich this game
looks fun and neither of you had any
particularly delicious meals lately um
my answer Purtill oh the fast food place
known for hot dogs but they have other
things
hmm Don the Chicago area oh this game is
a lot of fun I you know I hopefully you
guys are kind I mean you can kind of
pick up the XCOM similarities now that
I'm actually kind of in it doing pretty
well on this one there is a there's a
place near me I had this last week most
you know I mostly broccoli and spinach
on the weekdays but on the weekends
usually we try to go out for a nice meal
last week I had these like brunch pork
fries it was diced potatoes that were
individually fried you know like the
dice bits were like deep-fried or
something with barbecue pulled pork
jalapenos coleslaw bacon cheese and a
fried egg on top and it was one of the
most delicious things I have eaten in
recent memory
the real van says if you're streaming
your wedding are you going to have the
oh my god announcements as well and
stopping to read the tip notes I'll tell
you what not during the way it's okay
20,000 10,000 to stream delay yeah yeah
20,000 to not tell Karen about streaming
the wedding yeah 30,000 to not only
streamed the wedding without Karen
knowing about it but having the volume
on the oh my god God's just loud enough
for her to kind of hear it that's that's
when you continue to continue with the
service
that's what 30,000 will get you what did
you it was there's nothing honey
there's nothing is that coming from
outside that's what we'll do we'll have
to set up speakers outside just just
barely this is the weirdest day this is
the weirdest day
Kannamma says greetings from Alaska
hello Alaska no we aren't all payload
loving second-amendment worshiping not
heads and either of you been to a cave
would you consider visiting why or why
not thanks love do love dude I've been
to Alaska
I just don't travel like hardly at all
dad friend I can't stand planes and he
flying so much oh so much when when I
was 14 15 I forget where I I know it was
like I I think I was 15 years old
because I don't I didn't yet have my
learner's permit but I was old enough to
like want to drive mm-hmm my mother took
me and my younger brother on a two-month
long road trip all across America going
to California we we actually went to
Seattle and then flew up to Alaska for a
little bit then flew back down and then
like flute drove down the entire West
Coast to Vegas and you know it was just
a giant two-month long road trip it was
amazing and Alaska was was really cool
we got him to a total of four car
accidents in Alaska with with our rental
cars for car accidents and they really
bad drivers let's go something was we
you know it snowy
obviously yeah the weather was terrible
but I mean we're from Wisconsin we know
how to drive in snow yeah but it was
maybe we just weren't used to the way
people drove up there but so and it was
it was that time of year where it was
dark a lot because it's so far north
that uh you know they'd only got like
six hours of daylight a day and so it
was it was very strange experience but
we had some fun up there I was not in a
cult I was not in a cult we just liked
to travel
got a move
just like Scrabble my older siblings did
not want to come with on the incredibly
long road trip with you I wouldn't blame
them well and they were older you know
they were they were they were you know
full teenagers ah if I do that I won't
be able to see my friends for two months
and oh my social life and you know for
me I didn't have any friends and so I
was fine because I was a huge nerd I
don't know if you know that about me no
idea I'm too nerdy guy identify someone
else's been so much dirtier than
everybody else everyone everyone seems
cool today
yeah yeah yeah so it wasn't a problem
for me but uh so they had to stay they
had to stay in town with my dad and they
hated it and they said it was the worst
two months of the entire job made me
feel a little bit better
oh my god I did not start the stand-up
timer it's probably actually yet
probably now probably now you're
probably right let's uh let's stand up
I'm fine with that let's stand up oh my
oh my god hold on tipps we're gonna get
to you I'll get to the soup later
following him both address them I guess
cord
headphones quick stand-up that's what
we're doing
quick stand-up maybe some squats they
always help some squibs
do some squats
thank you for reminding me to stand up I
think it's really important and I'm also
a very forgetful person so I appreciate
you warning me
Jack had no friend I I had a I've out my
entire life I've always had you know a
couple close friends I was never which
also just means that I don't generally
get along with you I think I feel like I
get along with people but they don't get
along with me that's the real problem is
they don't get along
you can't go
close it was a great great time got to
drive through the the giant California
Redwoods oh no I turned him on got to
just hang out have some fun I was a fun
I listened at the time I had a cassette
player
nice hundred-percent swag collected I
had a cassette player at a Walkman and
and I bought one tape for the road one
tape thinking that as the road trip
progressed you know we would stop at gas
stations and whatnot and more I just
pick up more tapes Oh Oh like here's
another tape that I could pick up for my
Walkman and never actually ended up
picking up any more tapes and so the
entirety of the two-month long road trip
was nothing but the best of Tom Petty
and the Heartbreakers over and over and
over and over again on a loop all in all
not a bad album to have on a loop but I
do think that that has caused me more
brain damage than any of the drugs I
have ever done just Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers over and over and over
she was an American girl raised on
promises yeah you know Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers I how do you feel about
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers no I
won't back down as I won't back down how
do you feel about Tom Petty in the
Heartbreakers how's it going what about
what I was saying is the the story I was
sharing yeah with everyone is right
before we left on our two-month long
road trip I one cassette tape thinking
that I would I'd pick up more on the
road and I and ended up never picking up
any more cassette tapes so the only
music I had to listen to on the entirety
of the two murph long road trip was the
best of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
on a loop you know like we'd stop at a
gas station I'd look through and like I
had that doesn't you know nothing just
nothing looked good nothing looked good
at nothing looks better than Tom Petty
and the Heartbreakers you know what it's
all right I like Tom Petty I'm sure I'm
sure like as an adult now I like it
wouldn't it would just kill me but oh
yeah move the microwave from your mouth
when you eat to what I'm sure I'm doing
mom says quick question for rich for one
week would you rather go to the moon
with Mike or to an alien world alone
milk ask both cases you will have all
the necessary technology / supplies to
survive
well them you know the moon has really
been done before
alien whoa hmm Garrity and I have the
supplies what would you guarantee
there's like nothing there but will try
to kill me like I need to end up in some
alien government's laboratory being
dissected but you'd have all the
supplies in yeah there's a there's a
there's a greater opportunity for new
and fascinating discoveries going to an
alien world
yeah I don't think Mike would care about
going to the moon that much sniper
can't you two have smaller that sucks
there's they're these really amazing
sniper rifles that do amazing damage and
have the the long scope but you can't
you can't move and use them in the same
turn right so that's as detrimental yeah
and at the end of the mission at the end
of every mission this is all like the
swag that you picked up like there's
little bags and each one like unwraps
individually so it's like little treats
it's like little trees finger ooh
goggles extra pair of eyes can save you
our neck and a tight shootout increases
critical oh yeah
increases critical hit I'll take that
water take that
Jack you're dying at first you probably
rather have that water than the stupid
critical hits
these are robots so they use they use
the waters like their energy you know
there's steam powered robots spoken like
a true nerd they know nothing look these
are robots I'm sorry I hate to be the
nitpicky one here but robots can neither
feel nor satiate thirst you see a piece
pizza yep
you see a piece of pizza you know what
you gotta do you gotta eat that piece of
pizza that's problem with pizza if
there's any problems with pizza that's
it good why can't I shoot after moving
you though okay what spoke says I need a
concussion in March and today was the
first time I've been able to enjoy the
outdoors on a sunny day without getting
a headache sense thanks for a lovely
stream to punctuate a lovely day well
I'm glad you're feeling better yeah
correction congratulations oh how did
you get a concussion
that's a good question are you are you a
a wrestler
I knew all your footballer oh did
someone just hit you in the head you do
the sports oh you might be the poor or
are you like the the the night guard and
a museum and then there was a cat
burglar who snuck up behind you and hit
you in the back of a head with like a
little Club sure and here the cat
burglar thought that they were doing the
humane thing by just knocking out the
guard but it has caused you a lifetime
of pain and suffering but haven't been
dead
you know it some days is it
are we gonna do an e3 video or stream
hey no probably not no I'm just gonna
read the list this damn here how about
this on Wednesday on our stream on
Wednesday we'll just talk about all the
stuff because the best way to do it yes
no I'll let you know like end and we've
done the three videos the past two years
and every time I've hated it
we watched it we watch the conference's
we talk about the conference's we talk
about some stuff and it ends up not
really matter like people were pointing
out in our last year's e3 video how we
you know we saw the doom and then we had
that little doom talk like oh we're not
so sure about the doing they're like oh
oh look now doom drew nets we good so it
doesn't fucking matter
so it III is game propaganda we'll talk
about it on Wednesday and it'll be a
bullshit it'll it'll just bullshit about
it because that's all we do anyway what
are we like stream the e3 conference but
we just like you didn't talk about
anything else
what's going on like don't talk about e3
at all during our e3 spring weekend no
you know we can there's ways to like hop
on you know like in the stream the
official conference but we can talk over
it that's like a thing that you can do
on Twitch that would be great you know
what would be great okay well get we'll
get Jay and Mike and we'll just talk
about movies oh if only we had thought
of that idea earlier we could have
scheduled this and we'll just have an
entire like a great movie discussion
while you fuck that I would be okay with
did you guys little seek read all Crean
was really we'll just talk about Creed
will talk about Creed you need to see
Creed wasn't that good if by the way it
really is maybe see how much of a rocky
fan are you
one two three four and five yeah I
haven't seen marketable and I haven't
seen Queen but how much did you love
rocky rocky okay okay let's get
everything like for
yeah I like just about nothing about to
I remember and three he fought mr. t
yeah that's all you need anything mr. t
killed Mickey what was that Ivan Drago
no no I haven't Drago killed Creed freed
so mr. t killed Mickey no I didn't kill
Mickey I didn't make it just died
punch him or something weird maybe it's
been section three it's been what I love
I love all the Rocky movies for very
different reasons
Rock I bet I mean you can look at Rocky
and then Rocky Balboa as legitimately
good character movies I said like it
didn't Rock I think rocky want an Oscar
yeah but those are just like
legitimately good character movies about
a you know up-and-coming boxer and an
aged ex-boxer and then like Creed you so
all you really need to watch is rocky
rocky balboa then Creed and you have
three fantastic movies
fan-fucking-tastic movies amos still
says i am richard jacket alright great
weekend I wanted to ask if there were
any games you loved as a kid that you
played as an adult only to discover that
the game was actually bad I'm sure you
know a game I played a lot as a kid we
had a Sega Saturn and I remember playing
Dex
remember Dex yeah but I never really
played it I know of it I played it a
bunch and I remember thinking it was
like hilarious and really great as a kid
I was young and really dumb I can only
imagine that gex has not aged incredibly
well I do remember liking Mario too as
much but then again it's been so long
since I have played Mario to that many
I'll like it again I don't know
there was anything else better example
now I've stopped my damn head right
Mario - uh I try to think of games that
have an age that won't current of time
it's so good it's still good I think
it's good it's not it's not tenten
tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten it's
been surpassed by every other 3d Zelda
game that's hardly the same as I played
it again that was crap though not the
same at all sure yeah hmm I just have
good taste I always have there you go
that's the rich Evan I know rich the
spider-man game yes right spider-man on
the from the Genesis I know I loved as a
kid yeah i streamed it during my
Thanksgiving Marathon Dex Dex was the
best Jax was the best
I guess I guess that's the best example
is it spider-man yeah all right that's
fair mission I haven't had I haven't yet
been able to take four people on a
mission this is gonna be no this is the
lair of the Technomancer
what we've discovered is there's someone
who who so we're in like the outer rim
yeah there is the evil empire who wants
to make all the robots you know fall in
line and we're part of like a band of
pirates yeah we just you know yeah we
scraped by a living but now there are
scrappers who are who are just out for
robot parts and that look they'll kill
all robots oh my god and what we've
discovered is that a necromancer someone
is taking apart robots and reassembling
them to join her scrapper army yeah I
know terrific yep so that's where we are
now okay shouts - Richard Jack if you
had to pick a movie for review what
would they be also well Jack be doing a
stream of overwatch thanks for making
great hilarious videos and livestreams
thank you you know we'll probably scream
over watch it overwatch overwatch is one
of those streams though where we're
gonna need it that's gonna be a J stream
and what will happen is I will play
overwatch and get really absorbed into
overwatch and rich and Jay will just
talk about whatever they want because I
know me and overwatch I know how I play
overwatch
I love overwatch and I get super into it
yeah and it's a game where you have to
pay attention all the time you know you
need to keep out an eye out for your
teammates you need to keep an ear out
for chat even though no one chats and so
that'll have to just be a stream where I
pay attention to the game and we'll do
that
background and Richard J we'll have a
lovely conversation about something I'm
sure as far as review oh if we got to
choose a movie for review if I can never
find a way to find that if I can ever
find an excuse to watch it on best of
the worst blind fury and I haven't seen
it side left right right I don't I don't
know I don't know if I ever will be on
review I have not been asked so just
this guy you know says welcome back rich
yeah hi what well there was a comment
like there's like a really long space
after the comma yeah looking back rich I
think that I think about that concussion
thing all the time watching dirt oval as
to a bit and I'm like man these poor
henchmen are gonna have real problems
hahahahaha it's better than being dead
you know it's just an age of henchmen it
just has to be catheter it all the time
because it can no longer controls is
urine it could be wrong but don't get
the real problems unless you've had like
multiple concussions right I mean I
think they stopped oh sure yeah I think
one is quite that bad well but you have
to assume if you are a professional
henchman you're getting concussions all
the time but I I mean I think stacking
you know the more the worst but I think
if even with one concussion there it can
start you can start you down a bad sure
yeah sure but I don't think it's
instantly your life is gonna be
miserable forever after one concussion
no no I agree
I agree but I've been wrong before
Nana says hey there guys what a glorious
day that be upon us the God surely
smiled down on the planet Earth what
who's the rlm resident mom the one who
tends to make coffee and sandwiches for
everyone
Jane there is no mom
there is no mom no mom Jay makes coffee
but he also drinks all the coffee he
makes it from Seoul he makes it for
himself he offers it to everyone else
but Jay also has really shitty taste in
coffee no offense you know he just
drinks like the regular coffee out of a
coffee maker so I usually just bring in
my own coffee I know when L sandwiches
usually everyone makes their own
sandwiches yeah yeah no mom no mom
Nathan made says yes please do streaming
III but not talking about him free how
much my costs Oh also just came in what
happened last night what happened
happened last night well we know what
happened last night
Oh God if you're talking about photos
tweeted I guess you'll just have to wait
and see until that episode is edited we
ain't talking about a mess that rich
made other people involved in the best
making will you who who do who made the
big mess you you you were nuts at some
point no I went nuts I I'm I might have
started it but but you finished it
yeah here we go nemesis can we get a
prereqs lat a prereq slash stream with
Tara from game splashing to point out
think our gamer expertise some pro tips
be a welcome change from you casuals I
saw that one time to film app and never
again
I'm caught up oh great good oh great
you know what what's great what does
that guy that's the that's chop suey
that's the the Technomancer okay and
he's got a silly name there's somebody
who's basically making slaves zombies
corpse parks like randomly thrown
together if you look at the bottom
screen this map here is very different
usually you know it's a bunch of little
rooms but here it's just one big room
chop suey in the middle a couple of
henchmen I can only assume like if once
we kill the henchman she'll be able to
reanimate but I don't know I mean we're
getting there this would be a boss fight
yes I can bring four people and so I'm
pretty I'm pretty feel like I'm looking
pretty good here this is your first boss
fight in this game um I had a I had
another boss ished fight but it was at
the end of a ship this is the first
fight in which the only thing in this
ship is the boss fight okay so I don't
know what to make of that yet but
comically hard maybe that it could be
let's just see what happens if I hit her
in the head
that okay so headshots which do you know
bonus crit damage that's just did a
little beep Matt's feel good and I have
shit cover their shit that was dumb I
made a dumb call since aim is like your
own aim how does it mean it's it's the
same thing where you know they thought
they can falter as well but still cover
is really important so we're gonna start
taking out the baddies here
look your name but I'll say that
but oh fuck some floors see like this
metal floor here you can shoot through
that how how do you know that what's
what makes let's what makes something
you could shoot through I think it's
this that like that specific material
you can shoot through but this black
floor you cannot and I forgot that for a
moment and I just wasted a shot
I just fucking wasted a shot so the
simple white means you can't shoot do it
I believe so but yeah like you see here
if I go out you know you can the barrel
is now full color and want to do this so
I can shoot through the barrel I think
is what this is saying oh oh I did
didn't kill him but did something one
minute oh god no just spawn just spawn
bitches that's fine we can deal with
that she spawns dude guys
that's apparently a scrap power I hope
she doesn't spawned in every turn as
that would be a pain in the ass this is
your boss fight yeah I'm gonna say
that's exactly what's gonna happen yeah
I could see that is there an old save
you can reload at least no no see you're
five
like what happens if you tell this
mission then I just assume it's the same
as if I fail any mission and I just lose
a bunch of water so there's no game over
illness maybe if you run out of water
okay I don't know if there's a game over
I know it like in the harder
difficulties I think if you fail a
mission it it's like a game over but I
know I just don't know what my plan is
gonna be and this might be a incredibly
stupid plan Hospice's throw a grenade I
owe ya yeah but what I'm gonna do but
before I throw a grenade oh my god so
this guy has a grenade yeah and
obviously there are three enemies down
yeah that's good but Piper my captain
has a inspire ability which means if
she's standing directly next to someone
they do bonus damage okay so I'm gonna
move Piper down here throw a grenade
then throw a grenade okay that's my plan
okay so now being he's inspired then
ball now
not a terrible amount of damage your
dick damage but well I killed one guy
dick damage dick damage but I killed one
guy so I'm gonna take it was this
reaction activates trigger morph
reaction
so Jack likes this and disco yes and if
you were paying attention it's because
this is a much lighter people don't pay
people things and they may bribe
generals like this not X go well because
this is simpler yeah I like things that
are a little simpler I this is I'm not
I'm not terribly good with strategy
games because as you know I i won i want
instant gratification I want to do
things I like I don't like planning
things out this has streamlined the
planning to an appropriate jack level
Alex in the ISIS Richard game station
2.0 character was one of the funniest
things I've ever seen
I think you're the real creative genius
and out loud anything from the rlm
universe that would be surprised to
learn were your ideas everything
everything I'm the mastermind behind
every single every single thing every
joke everyone interested just in company
I'm looking for good people actually
trying to replace some of these guys
uh-huh uh-huh
you know anybody who's only you know
even have his talents I am that's gonna
meet that part that's the real tough
part rich
where are we gonna find anyone that's
even a half is talented Thai no it's
taller it's tall order
yep its widest just the way it is do I
saw somebody earlier I mentioned a
couple time I guess if we had any
interested in fighting about Oh funny
you should say so the only thing I have
to say about mighty number 9 you know
not having actually played it you know
is uh it's kind of really ugly look to
it which doesn't say anything about the
gameplay it might be great yeah but it's
got that that ugly kind of you know 3d
as a 2d game where all of the platforms
are these awkward squares and rectangles
mm-hmm
and that is just a really fucking ugly
look it is the laziest way to take that
the breathing room the side scroller mmm
supporting rectangles I don't know
I have to do and no but I have to do not
punch that guy that's the one that
explodes so I'm gonna learn my lesson
I'm hoping I can move him to a place
where I can use him that would be the
best frightfully well the Technomancer
has yet to hurt me directly
move you here strata simple strategy I
need simple did you like the movie
Moneyball you know I've heard great
things about Moneyball not as much as
the book but I loved all of the weird
baseball stats stuff and you know books
gonna go into more detail I can be a
super badass here it's a really really
interesting story about anything one day
think outside the box
what do you what do you know about
Moneyball nerd sports the the thing I
think I know about Moneyball is it was a
failing baseball team that used a
mathematician to statistically figure
out like the best players kind of okay
it was a team that used to be better
funded but the new ownership was cheap
uh-huh
and they slashed the budget by a lot
it's like it's like the year before they
had all of these great players like Mark
McGwire and what's-his-face Jose Canseco
oh okay you know then they and all these
great players and they almost got to the
World Series and then you know ownership
cut the budget manager was like the
general manager how the fuck do I put
together a winning baseball team in a
fraction of the budget after losing all
of the players I mean he found some kind
of weird math nerd and they just
completely re-examined everything that
everybody used to think they knew about
baseball and you know what the stat
doesn't really matter as much as people
think it does let's look at this weird
stat but nobody pays do and they found
him they found a way to build an
efficient team because there was these
stats that were undervalued like walks
nobody really cared that much they
wanted the guy who's my the hit for a
high average right
Moneyball said well walks are really
just as good yeah and we don't need
people who are fast if they have people
who are walking and loading the base you
don't be able to speed so we get these
people who far cheaper to pay and yet
our team will kind of still be as good
yeah I like it like a nerdy really nerdy
baseball stance
you have any favorite games you playing
you ever play x-men the arcade game yeah
the classic brawler you know like but
with x-men characters played the shit
out of that I played the Ninja Turtles
brawler oh yeah I don't know that I'd
say that with my favorite but you don't
want to really only like pac-man
paperboy paperboy was great I played
Super Mario Brothers first at the arcade
they had that at the share was pizza
mmm so I played Super Mario Brothers at
the arcade well before I had a Nintendo
mm-hmm so that was a favorite
spy huh no I wasn't near enough of this
and spyhunter as a kid to really enjoy
it I would die way too quickly Skulltula
house since rich since Jack spent $150
on his exponent controller what what
extravagance can we help fun for you hey
I paid for my exponent controller I did
not I did not dip into prereq funds for
that cuz I knew that was an extravagant
digital did I wouldn't really care I got
a fucking $1,500 do you know you know
what I got I got some really sweet LED
lights and I used the I bought I
purchased LED lights for for our prereq
shoots but I use them for my sheets -
yeah and I've read letter media uses
them we're using them right now it's
great I love our LED lights that was my
extravagant purchase he also says there
is an Atari 2600 faster Blaster
controller on eBay for eight hundred
dollars with your name on it
Wow
I have not forgotten about the ramp I
I've been too busy to pick it up but I
never forgot about busy busy week for
Richard Evans
sorry chances hijack the way you
described this game before playing
reminded me of coke named Scoob
steampunk yudish ex-con - yeah let me if
you've heard of it
Layton is arriving soon for whoever
first perceives them okay that'd be my
guess I don't know we have some kind of
late with something else
oh I know Layton's brand cough drops
yeah yeah that's not like it could be a
cough drop Layton's yeah I could be but
you never heard of code name still not
to my knowledge does not does not sound
like anything I've heard of
but yeah I usually like when it when it
says you know strategy game I usually
just kind of tune out yeah you know
because it's just not my thing
there's a bunch of difference between
steampunk and clock clockwork robots
yeah I think there's a there's a gray
area yeah cuz it's really just about
power without gasoline you see how our
clock powers you just like wind-up
wind-up power
rich there's no Doom deal see that's
single-player isn't that kind of
bullshit no means I don't have to worry
about buying the rest of the game
piecemeal is what that means
if there were DLC for single-player that
would mean it was done months ago and it
was held back and I was playing to
complete the game yeah and it would it
would annoy me I think it would annoy me
DLC annoys me because before the
downloadable content era era you know
that shit would just be part of the game
yes you remember you remember what extra
costumes were unlockables and that's
something you had to buy after the fact
like all the pikey man costume I just
found like a little secret stuff oh you
found the secrets in the Arkham game and
you got all the Batman costumes now you
have to pay $15.99 for five costumes at
a time so like a little treat like a
little treats like a little treat to
spend $15 oh no before it was a little
that's something that I think they they
handle perfectly uh - if I could delve a
little bit into overwatch Oh overwatch
has a has a extra costumes or unlockable
stuff and you you get something called a
loot box for every time you level up and
the more you play the more you win the
better you do you get experience points
and every time you level up you get a
loot box and you open up the loop box
and it has random it could be like a new
voice line a spray that you can spray in
the world a new outfit for your
character they don't do anything in game
like it doesn't give you new weapons
it's just cosmetic stuff and you can get
all this stuff for free just by playing
the game or if you're an impatient fuck
you could pay it quite a bit of money to
get like 50 loot boxes yeah and open
them up but you know you get to choose
whether you want them for free or
whether you want to pay to get them and
I like that
it's a defending deal see of course you
know rich of course they are
all right so you know you people are all
too trustworthy far too trustworthy
never never trust the man these
corporate douches hey gamez you can't
trust them
never trust the man they're constantly
looking for ways to fuck you over and
get some money from you this is really
true rich we be skeptical of this shit
but I wouldn't mind more single-player
content you know what I'm fine just
replaying the game myself for doom yeah
oh no and you know what like here's the
thing
doom is it has delivered a game a very
satisfying complete game yes if they
come out with DLC and I just happen to
play more of it that's that's icing
that's icing on the cake much like
blood-borne blood-borne delivered to me
a full experience in a game then they
came out with DLC that gave me more of
that game fuck yeah I will buy more yeah
and you know instead of waiting five
more years for a sequel we can give you
a little bit more now that's a fair use
of DLC the fair use of DLC but they've
given you a complete game it's not it's
not chopping up the game into little
segments well they give you a fair
amount
yeah no they give you they give you a
lot yeah so no I'm what I'm saying is
that's good DLC doom when it comes out
with more single player DLC I'm gonna
play it they're not supposed it's not on
their schedule because it's not like DLC
is actually made after a game releases
something extra it's something that's
been
months without a and it's all it's all
multiplayer they don't with how they
ended it that's very surprising
I assume the heaven all supposedly
multiplayer and possibly stuff for snap
happening which it could use obviously
got some DLC but oh if they if they
resolved whatever kind of minor
cliffhanger that was nothing that was
much of one well that's what I assumed
that I assumed that was a teaser for
some DLC would noxious pay to end the
game pay to end neither the cared about
story too much but paying extra to end
the story that's bullshit I I felt
satisfied in the conclusion sure and
then and then the then they left you off
for like Episode two and I'm okay with
that
I'm okay with it because story was never
a focus of it right but if I cared more
I'd be a little bit irritated with the
way it ended I'd be a little bit
irritated with the way it entered it's
not a it's not a satisfactory terms not
a super satisfying ending um yeah but
it's do yes that's why I'm that's why
I'm okay with right but yeah yeah I
guess I can see where you're coming from
don't dump dump to cliffhangers like I
was great
I don't need a cliffhanger I didn't need
a cliffhanger to get me excited for
another doomed game and I saw it as less
of a cliffhanger and more of a like on
the next episode you know it's it's not
it's not a solid this is the resolution
I thought it was I thought it was decent
enough resolution you know cuz like the
resolution was spoiler alert and then it
was on the next episode of doom that was
the cliffhanger that's how it felt like
to me game should never end on
cliffhangers cuz
years between sequels it's unnecessary
because a fun game you'll buy it anyway
nope cliffhanger or not
you can ask kicked major ass I mean I
really like Super Mario Brothers but you
know there's no dangling plot threads I
think I'm gonna pass on Mario games I
think it's a rocket launcher
Trash Can Mans is just a quick note to
say you guys are great thanks for all
the entertainment you guys continue to
bring laughs and good times keep up the
great work and grab a drink I probably
he probably needs like a new you people
do know that every one of these tips we
get that's just glowing glowing praise
and thanks I'm just making that all up
on the spot
there is so so much criticism of us look
what he said about you when I read that
I said thanks for all the laughs
everybody's weight fluctuates a little
bit and I think that's unfair I think
that's unfair no I'm just I you know
we're all human we all live our lives
Jesus
