Episode 155
The First 4 Hours of... Quadrilateral Cowboy
August 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-64OFumnzw
___________________________________________

previously recorded plays the first four
hours of quadrilateral cowboy start new
alright quadrilateral cowboy oh oh okay
here's
oh well see that's neat
yeah gosh mine
I like that
I like that little hint
oh is that us yeah
Jesus look at that so ugly
is it is it bad that I kind of love it I
go I kind of love that they just didn't
care it yeah yeah like fuck it fuck it
it's a box everything's a box that's the
game now up high performance ocular
implants rich and then and that by the
way I've had an eight tutorial right
there mmm you see a box this is just
Prezi Otis eyes then you hit Z yeah what
happens if I can see oh there is is oh
there's a zoom that's that's neat it's
you know it's not forcing you to like
you must do in before you can pass this
level oh my god I get to build a
computer oh I have to build a computer
there's some meta is the pc master race
in you just just incredibly happy about
this yes okay multilinear subspace
cope processor whoo and this optic
things what do they do
those aren't standard computer kapal
what you read on my desk lady she's
reading man leave her alone
hello oh holy shit you've gone into
reboot alright what the fuck is this
rich
Oh
look at what the game did rich it just
made a fool out of you
great for open ten seconds Oh jack no
three-second alarm what what I think we
get to plan out this whole fucking heist
in Doss before we do it okay
door for open semicolon wait 30 seconds
because we know it's gonna take us 30
seconds to get to the grade and then the
next command part like we have all this
all tight before we do it if that's how
this works
it's great so we got 10 seconds to get
from the prototype to outside the
skylight yeah the door of downstairs is
9 right let me see let me see I'm I'm
itching to try this one I'm itching to a
rich I think it's gonna get crazy it's
gonna get crazy
I'm I'm so excited for it to get crazy
rich
we're just figuring it out oh my god now
you have to leave this up here I know I
know
rich this is so exciting here it is if
you are a hacker 15 seconds to get down
and don't forget to open up the vent
before you go through the door yeah oh
just I didn't get myself enough time to
get down oh shit it opened yeah No
now that might've been the second other
yeah we're fucked
damn it so you need like at least 20
seconds maybe more wait 30 30 okay yeah
yeah yeah you got all the time that's it
forever to run down those fucking stairs
yeah
one one one thousand two one thousand
three one thousand four one thousand
five one thousand one one oh so cars
just seven seconds
seven
need sixty thousand seven one thousand
one thousand two thousand three feet yes
oh my god rich you are a master hacker
that felt great
okay that was fucking awesome there
seems to be a cat turn negative thirty
go twenty oh no I don't want some backup
something like haha say I love the
planning aspect I would love I would
love to do a version of these missing
mess missions where you were kind of
like under the gun yeah you got to get
this done within so much time you know
you need to do you've had time to plan
it you've done your experimentation and
you know you got a type in you know go a
hundred and twenty to get exactly what
you need to be right go 120 turn left -
102 forward 30 and then do the wireless
thing and you can do the really quick
cuz you've planned it out this one oh
yeah it complete blank
don't forget my shit great this is this
is the basics for something really
interesting now I can I can do this I
like this game jack I want it to be more
complicated than it is it's still very
early damn it
what's a what's it what is look at that
this literally cannot people they knew
just to make sure I knew jack this is
not how you solve the puzzle this right
here is not how you solve it that's
great
what
so wait link I blinks to command calls
so you can look so you could blink three
times and have it do something I can try
to shoot yourself on that you are you
son of a bitch
this life is futile