Episode 168
Disfunctional! (Defunct)
August 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siI2gAT6QVM
___________________________________________

let's target my glasses were a little
miss how we do it hello everybody hello
hello welcome hi hello welcomes sis's
defunct which I saw somebody played
during summer games done quick I've
never played it myself yeah I'm probably
terrible I whatever it's fine
everything's good we need what we needed
was something a little that looked a
little mindless because there is a whole
shitload of comecon to talk about but
but stranger things I've heard really
great things about there stranger things
show rich did you watch any stranger
things I didn't watch it's a little bit
it's the one thing I would actually like
to talk about now I got to talk about a
bunch of fucking superhero shit which I
am now officially sick of the problem is
I showed my wife Lisa the trailer for
stranger things and she goes oh yeah I
would like to watch that with you and
you know when you're a couple something
there are some shows that you watch
together and so I've been waiting for us
to have a moment to watch it together
and our schedules haven't really synced
up so we haven't had a chance to watch
it all right so so what do you want to
talk about what would think with the
Comic Con there's so much Comicon to
talk about I didn't go to Comic Con
dizzy I didn't either
you know what we can start with is just
some general you don't have to go to
Comicon anymore well DC has released all
of their comic-con stuff online
immediately right after the panel
everything's online Marvel has chosen to
withhold all of their trailers from
Comic Con and I think that's the smart
decision right trigger - gravataí so
tied gravitating downhill will increase
your secrete speed well gravitating up
up hill will slow you down
oh so only hit that when you're going
downhill okay characterizing in the air
will make you go faster cut great
oh whoa well this looks cool yeah
in any case I think it's you probably
want to go yeah probably want to go I
think I think does my Marvel 100%
benefits from withholding trailers one
because now they're not caught in DC's
competition right DC you know release
Justice League they released a whole
bunch of shit and now Marvel doesn't
have to fight they can release it all
this upcoming week and there's no
competition for news right right -
they're making it relevant to go to
comic-con and I just kind of stuck this
back to respawn and so it's like for DC
fans there was no real point in going to
comic-con you could have watched all
that stuff just an hour after after the
panel right and so I think Marvel's
trying to hold on to that there's a
purpose to coming to comic-con thing
there isn't there isn't just just give
us the information about the shit we're
supposed to consume but see that's what
that's what III has become is just give
us the shit right yeah that's all we
want but but I think Marvel's still
trying to make it the event
why don't we need a fuck why can't I
jump this oh maybe there's a you have to
do it in air remember I was I think
that's probably an actual jump to I need
to do okay okay okay okay so like
there's 350 million people at least in
this country yeah what few 50,000 go to
comic-con it's got to be special for
them fuck them why are you special you
loved your San Diego fuck off just just
hos about the shit we need to consume
all right now what jackass I did say I
know I know
are you not reading
hold be to use your broken engine okay
okay oh that's adorable
okay so rich let's just let's just go
down the list let's go down though you
know should we talk about some stuff
that you don't necessarily care about
first sure let's talk about Wonder Woman
so all of the things we need to talk
about all of the things so Luke Cage
using some classic wu-tang in the
trailer he's gonna beat people up sure
looks like a Netflix show a little bit
like daredevil it's not daredevil he
feels a little bit like that he's in
dark hallways it's our call is pretty
low beating people up huh it got it got
it but um yeah yeah no cage is gonna be
great a is gonna be a lot of dark
hallways could be lots criminals up got
it yeah I got it
I do wonder you know like like a problem
oh my oh I'm G riches a sexist why for
not liking o rich did you forget - um
can you go to OBS for a second oh I
think we forgot to do something
do what change the name of the game
we're playing hold on everybody thank
you for reminding me dupe and dupe and
dupe what is this game called defunct
the
like funked yep for the record what is
Jack hasn't seen it I can't talk about
it in detail while Jack is changing this
I like stranger things like that I have
some issues with it I'd like to talk
about in general I think I blame Stephen
King for this because it's very much
based on Stephen King's works it's very
very poorly paced at times oh yeah yeah
oh yeah I mean it's Stephen King is that
hey nice going this correctly I'm 90%
sure I'm not like an expert on this game
when you click on steam real quick and
you can see for sure okay let's get this
to about where I want it to be defunct
but I do not at all regret stranger
things I'd love to have a conversation
about whether or not the inevitable
second season should be an entirely new
story or not I would like to have that
conversation have that conversation with
you as well rich I'd like to discuss the
implications behind some of the things
that happened in the ending about all
these things just a nice meaty
conversation but you have a Luke Cage
four punches guys Wonder Woman ship
punches people Richie Rich is really sad
cuz you know I had time to watch a lot
of the comic-con stuff but you know
those videos are 30 seconds to
two-minute videos those are easy to
digest whereas stranger things as a
whole thing that's out way I know I know
I know you're being jokey
I am bang jokey I am baby I don't want I
do not a prick you're not a prick cause
you haven't seen stranger things
Thanks
we will we will talk about stranger
things I will I will talk to the wife I
will talk I will have a good old
conversation just this guy you know I
says I feel you on stranger things my
wife and I watched two episodes a night
four days in a row not mad just
disappointed but let's not talk about
comics though those are dumb rich was
great on review oh that's right you were
just mad max to write the road warrior
the road warrior that's great which I
don't call Mad Max so I called the road
warrior I think the world warriors much
cooler name uh yeah
yep nope where am i bringing this key
sorry I thought this is all just
straight away you go forward I don't
know I didn't know I was gonna have to
be like looking for the next area I'm
supposed to go to now it's alright but
that's okay I did I gave I sent a
suggestion of mine to Jay for a review
yeah and he didn't he didn't get back to
me
what was your suggestion all right don't
say that I won't say it just because
like if Jays like that's the stupidest
idea ever
which I assume him not getting back to
me with him saying it's the stupidest
idea ever
but I gotta give a suggestion that I
thought was worthy of a discussion that
it's a movie that a lot of people are
not talking about recently and I think
more people should be it's not blend
furious it's not blind fear I've never
seen blind fury that's your that's blind
fury is your deal it's awesome spoilers
yes you're right it's Supergirl it's
weak we already did something on
Supergirl I I cannot I can be redundant
it would be redundant it would just be
me more talking about my love of
Supergirl this is weird because I really
just want to like hold down on the gas
right right but that's not what this
game does does hopefully cleverly you
know no my idea is not for a comedy I've
talked too much already but in any case
comic-con
a lot of comic-con we got III and then
you know write it when I got here is
like oh right we should watch some of
the things I haven't watched I'm sorry I
was being a jerk sarcastically I know I
understand that you were joking yeah and
I was like oh I heard there was a
defenders teaser we should watch that
and it's it's literally just the
people's names and then defenders that
was the stupidest like why even have
that why even have the video that just
says the defenders coming soon Punishers
not on the team mic my care level has
dropped by 50% yeah but with how popular
he was he'll probably show up sure he'll
probably show up he's getting his own
show also he's not he's not really a
team player I know which is kind of why
you want him to leave he is getting his
own show right was there a teaser for
that yeah I'm sure lots of dark hallways
and beating people up but you know what
the Punishers just a fun character it'll
be dark hallways and shooting people the
dark hallways and shooting people down
with that so many hallways well always
exist in real life that's okay the Luke
Cage trailer does not look horrible I'm
just being it I was just being an
asshole I can't say I'm I'm super
excited
for Luke Cage I do find it interesting
that it looks like they have gotten rid
of the Hero for Hire aspect I saw no
implications that Luke Cage is a
mercenary anymore right well that's
where he got to start with what Luke
Cage and iron fist Heroes for Hire I am
kind of a kind of a bro comedy using old
at the at the point a movie exploitation
movie tropes right kung fu and
blaxploitation that was their things oh
Jesus
is there no way back up I'm assuming
there's no way back up yeah oh you just
had to I'm assuming wonder if you could
or maybe there's an achievement for that
you beat the story you don't get knocked
out of the ship you win the game that
was the speed on is that the speed run
you said no mercenary equals bad yeah
mercenary does have a negative
connotation to it and a black superhero
can't just be a superhero he's got a lot
of money exactly well and but to counter
that what we're going to have is here
like another tapeless street-level
superhero
cleaning up the same neighborhood of New
York and it's like the mercenary aspect
is kind of what would make it different
right we already have two shows well I
guess one show dealing with that and
another show that hopefully will deal
with that but you know daredevil all is
already doing the low-rent superhero
cleaning up four square blocks of New
York there's a lot of blocks of New York
there oh shit
it's not the same neighborhood you're
right it's four different blocks of New
York
it's Harlem instead of Hell's Kitchen
nope you're supposed to go that way I
got a line on that blue thing and think
yeah
oh no no nope nope nope nope nope nope
tried I'm gonna tried three more times
yes
I think you got a not go for that thing
that would be my instinct oh hi Saban C
like nope nope so yeah I mean obviously
we'll see we have no idea what the show
is gonna be about what the season is
gonna be about I'm gonna watch it
because I've been happy with all of the
Netflix produced Marvel stuff so we get
a little teaser of Iron Fist who's
another hero that I don't necessarily
care about David Tennant and Jessica
Jones made that made that season the
purple man David Tennant was a was Oh
God
was a great villain they like the after
the first couple episodes you know he's
not in it and I was getting a little
shaky on Jessica Jones and then he shows
up and then the purple man so he
disappears that for a while huh no I'm
saying he's not in the first couple have
you not seen Jessica Jones yet no okay
he's not in the first scene I've seen
the first episode oh okay well yeah and
you know he's not in the first episode
and I don't think he's in the second
episode either but once once he shows up
is when the show starts kicking off
using flashbacks in the first episode is
he yeah
hmm it's been a while since I've seen
him
Netflix does have some good villains I
agree
I like the kingpin I like the purple man
I know
Punisher wasn't really a villain but he
was a fun foil the the hand was not the
greatest the hand you know I haven't
seen daredevil season 2 I've seen the
first part half like third baby half
okay I never meant to get around to
finishing it I never did but you know
it's it's like they're ninjas yeah so
you know they're and they're kind of
meant to be generic I had like the first
episode of two of Elektra and I liked it
I ended up not liking her as a character
but yeah she's great well you haven't
seen the whole season yeah yeah what I
saw it was fine
sure she starts out all right she does
not end well I don't believe and I had
to be problem nope no I had a little bit
of a problem with how that season ended
in general no spoilers it's not like I
don't like ninjas I just think ninjas
are pretty generic these are awesome
yeah no ninjas are awesome I'm fucking
sorry all right I think was a cave to my
right
yes David Tennant is awesome and
broadchurch and if you guys have Netflix
you can watch both seasons of
broadchurch
which is a David Tennant detective show
and it's great it's super fantastic and
good all around it's about a small town
called broadchurch small British town
they call a mystery they got a mystery
to solve
oh we got a mystery to solve reach your
funding everybody I am offending every
single one of our British fans because
I'm doing a very poor accent a little
Michael Caine II will look at a tree
didn't they get upset the last time we
did English UK accents yeah they don't I
mean we can't do them right no no I
think it's that's funny yeah the riddle
of steal says first time I'm catching
you live in a long time what is this
it's called defunds I have no idea what
the fuck it is I stop people playing it
at summer games done quick look neat
yeah so I guess I gotta buy it we'll
talk about the fucking comic-con shit
yeah it looks like a fun game that you
can kind of do mindlessly also my
favorite black superhero is black Vulcan
especially in Harvey Birdman
first of all Harvey Birdman is the great
a great show so Harvey Birdman attorney
at law I love that show I don't know who
the black Vulcan is I'm sorry tired and
sad says the Justice League sizzle reel
went overboard with Wheaton esque quips
the Wonder Woman trailer was
surprisingly good though I really liked
the wonderful trail that got me excited
to watch The Wonder Woman movie now oh
yes I want to write that we're going to
Justice League okay Wonder Woman but I
wonder well first I feel like we might
have more to say about Joseph looks like
all the other visually it looks the same
as all of the other DC movies yes
exactly the same it looks exactly like
Man of Steel it looks exactly like
Batman vs Superman looks exactly like
the trailer for the Justice League
everything is stylized the exact same
way which I think makes it weird
I think it looks like we're gonna get a
little more color in Wonder Woman her
outfit wasn't those muted tones that we
saw even in dawn of justice but I do
think that that that look is what WB is
what Warner Brothers is kind of banking
on to differentiate themselves from the
Marvel Cinematic Universe yeah but it's
a very distinct look as distracting yeah
I think it sucks I agree but you know
for for their for their marketing
department they need to make sure that
people know that these movies are not
Marvel movies the Marvel Cinematic
Universe looks like a movie that takes
place in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
all these DC trailers look like the same
hyper stylized Superman movie you get
them again and again
yeah no I agree but the trailer looks
fun look it looks like there's gonna be
some bitch in action some bitch in
action and no that is not a sexist
remark I mean bitching has an awesome
like you can't you can't do a Sin City
Cinematic Universe and they all look the
same it's not a look that works for that
yeah yeah that's a very hilarious and
accurate point rich oh my god what are
these guys doing all my things I think
are there things dealers okay I hear
things dealers okay I just want it like
a dedicated guest button that's all I
really want
Oh Oh God I said magnetized of them
maybe this middle and maybe I can jump
up it apparently I cannot Oh Oh what am
I supposed to go what am I supposed to
do I don't know let's go there yeah okay
you can magnetizing the blue maybe but
assume
okay yes oh my god this I want to throw
up
can I throw up do it I don't do it
towards the camera but away from the
equipment oh my god that thank you a
headache any any movie you won't see
based off of the Comic Con trailer
yeah the Justice League unless I think
you are you done talking about 101 oh it
looks good I'm excited about Wonder
Woman I don't know anything about Wonder
Woman I have probably seen like the most
I know about Wonder Woman is from the
old TV show I've probably seen a few
episodes of those that's it that's all
that's all my knowledge of Wonder Woman
and like the comics I've read that sucks
that I hated I hated all of the comics
I've read of Wonder Woman oh that's a
glitch that's a--that's a bug right
there well where am I going and why am I
going there I don't know but uh the
movie got me excited to see her the
trailer got me excited to see the movie
that look is it looks like it's fun I
like the setting you know what I think I
think I'm ready for some more World War
1 setting I feel like we don't want to
we know I feel like we don't get a lot
of World War 1 all the ones fairly
boring a lot a lot of trenches of
warfare yeah could be some good stories
in there you really you really need some
some blitzkrieg to be exciting you know
what I like World War one I like like
they still had like mounted cavalry in
World War one like they still had guys
on horses fighting tanks and that's fun
that's a fun visual but I think World
War two it has anything else for about
because it was real but the Nazis are
just the coolest villain they're the
greatest enemy they're they're very
clearly evil yes there's no there's no
real gray area with the Nazis yes I
agree I agree and the technology is was
starting to get modern yeah yeah I'd
like machine
and fun things like that even the
horrible weapons of death horrible the
terms of fiction you can have some fun
World War two battles as opposed to your
more bayonet II horsey World War one bad
I like that I like I like the like World
War one had that mixture of old-school
battles with modern technology and you
know just so much death because no one
was expecting the modern technology like
like I feel like we don't get enough
World War one your if you're writing an
adventure story you know what the
wonderful thing about a Nazi is what you
can do anything to a Nazi and your
audience doesn't have to feel bad about
it like the hero can take a knife and he
can fucking scalp a Nazis face off and
the audience is gonna go yeah you can't
do that with a World War one German
soldier you're you are correct you could
you can you can you can beat a Nazis jaw
off with a baseball bat piss down his
throat and it's gonna get Jews you are
correct you know I'm gonna go out on a
limb here rich and say that Wonder Woman
isn't going for that na lop off a Nazi
throat and piss down his neck kind of
here okay okay
I'm just making a point it's a it's a
fair point but I think World War one as
a setting is overlooked a lot for the
flashy air stuff for the easier it's
been eclipsed by World War two it's been
a coaches eat the more interesting a war
for for fictional purposes because the
Nazis are great fuckin villains and for
historic purposes because we're still
feeling the fucking after-effects of
really interesting your fucking you had
the fucking bomb and the whole Middle
East situation that all came out of the
end of World War two that's a whole
thing what was it a more interesting war
or is it an easier war to write both
it's both
world war two had better graphics like
crazy World War three is going to be
very dull this is gonna be over
extremely quick World War three World
War two unequivocally the best war
unless World War three happens in like
20 years and then it'll all be drones
did you ever see uh what was that Bruce
Willis everyone has a drone Avatar movie
did you ever see that no I don't know
where I'm going by the way
yeah just roll around it's fine yeah by
the way what's so wrong about drones
people always poopoo drones drones oh
they're using drones yeah yeah the
soldiers don't have to die yeah and and
that's that's fine yeah oh no I think I
think generally speaking combat
shouldn't be fair I mean it's fucking
war I agree as long as we have the
drones I don't give a shit I think most
people's complaints with drones is
because you are so separate from the
action your Intel might not be the best
but as long as we got good Intel fuckin
yeah use whatever drones you want ok
those blue things speed me up which is
good to know oh fuck I hit a thing oh
I'm alive nice you did not die him
drones are rude you're right the off
switch that was a great speech in that
Nickelodeon Ninja Turtles
remember when Leonardo was talking about
a fair fight oh yeah they beat me and it
was a fair fight what did you lose who
cares what's a fair fight splinter
splinter words of wisdom
yes splinters words of wisdom yeah so
tired and said the the other thing with
the Justice League movie so we're done
talking about Wonder Woman now I'm
excited to see it yeah I hope I can
understand what she's saying in this
movie they're very desperate to make
Aquaman cool it's never gonna work
it's absolutely never going to work
Aquaman will
ever ever be cool even if he's a giant
muscly badass who drinks liquor straight
out the bottle he's still a dude that
swims fast way talks to fish Oh any
talks of fish to him and yes there were
the little jokes during the trailer
because they want to try to make it an
adventure movie like all the Marvel
movies and tonally it's not gonna work
just like in Batman vs Superman why what
is it about the Justice League where
they just seem silly together like I
don't know like in a way the Avengers
don't the Avengers they're they're a
natural fit and I know I know the
Justice League has been a thing for 70
years yeah but I can't help but see
those particular characters together in
a group and they feel cartoonish why are
they cartoonish there's very and the
Avengers are not there's a very simple
answer to that is because they're based
off of fucking cartoons but the Avengers
are too The Avengers are too and I know
there's a ton of tips and I swear I will
get to them we're talking about the
Justice League oh well that's not a
thing I can crash through totally look
like it maybe you need more speed or I
don't you know what I don't know where
I'm going or what I'm doing in the
suppose those purple things blow stuff
up but they feel cartoony and the jet
end the Avengers don't part part of that
is the film making the Avengers take
place in the real world they fight in
New York City right they fight in places
that we know and that lends them a
certain credibility also the filmmakers
have made their characters very
relatable something that maybe the
filmmakers of the Justice League's might
not be doing you know I think it's hard
to be relatable to a fucking alien that
can't die and a billionaire who beats up
criminals in a spare time and the
daughter of Zeus thank you
did you talk about the promotional image
while I was doing this
I am what is your thought finish your
thought so in any case I think their
characters are generally not as
relatable so then you don't really think
about them as being humanized okay and
and whereas the Avengers are humans who
live in the real world and the
filmmakers have done a good job of
humanizing them and you're saying that
that that takes away from some of the
silliness of it away from some of the
silliness and the event the Avengers has
kind of a free spirit adventure tone
right yeah and so your mind is almost
ready for silliness and so your your
expectations their characters the world
they live in all of these things are why
they seem less cartoony but the
silliness stands out more when you're
when you everything looks like a dark
and brooding funeral I said that so
there's a promotional image and I saw it
one of my fave better sob star oh we
have to stop this joint I'm real fast
around that giant starfish it's a giant
starfish that floats in the sky uncle
there's someone a whale so where was I
so there's that promotional image and
someone cut out Jove from the the
magician's guild with we demand to be
taken seriously and put them in front of
they're my favorite things I saw but
then there then they released this
promotional image of the Justice League
and it's got to flash an outfit it's got
the Aquaman with the tribe and it's got
Wonder Woman it's got Batman it's got
Superman oh wait it's got Superman
wasn't he supposed to be dead like
everyone knew he was gonna come back but
I mean he killed him in the last movie
why why do you even bother you're not
even gonna pretend you're not even
pretend it meant anything that's the
thing just if it doesn't mean anything
if they're you're already promoting that
he's alive in the fucking poster is it
gonna be a big deal in the movie is that
gonna be like a big reveal moment moment
we fucking know he's on the poster we
know he's alive
fuck you fuck you nothing you do there's
nothing you can do they're just they're
terrible at their jobs and they're gonna
make garbage and there's gonna be those
those awful awful DC fanboys that will
that will you know say you stop sucking
on morville dick do you know DC movies
deserve a place to and it's like they're
just bad fucking movies they don't know
what the fuck they don't they don't know
what to do no rich they just don't know
what the fuck to do look like well he
died he just also right and they had
that little teaser thing spoiler alert
for the end of dawn of Justice you know
they had that little like coffin shake
thing everyone and every when he died in
the movie every single person in that
theater
knew he wasn't gonna stay dead because
because it's the first fucking movie of
their universe exactly and so it was a
dumb thing to put in in the first place
but at least give your audience some
credibility like make it a big deal that
he's coming back don't put him on the
poster fuck sorry I've missed a ton of
tips I'm I will get there let's see here
evening folks from this time it's lupus
the actress who played Jessica Jones was
in Veronica Mars as the super preppy
bimbo and I just cannot unsee that now
oh that's really funny also the overall
grim dark atmosphere is a huge turnoff
for me of Jessica Jones
I think it's quality that's quality
story finish it the first like it was
rough for me for the first like three
episodes I want to say but then but by
the time you get to Episode four it is
fantastic why I really am a tenant's
there go finish your face
well once David Tennant is a mainstay
it's really fantastic I really enjoyed
the comics but I just think I'm bored of
all things superhero yeah I guess I
could see that they're everywhere I'm
done I'm done it's been how long since
fucking Ironman came out a long time
sixteen years this ship but I like it I
give it a strong recommendation really
really fantastic let's see here
anonymous says how much of a tip do you
to get you to tell us
movie you suggested today no I'm I want
to hold it in because you know I think
it's it's more fun if you uh if you just
see the new episode and then see the
title you know yeah it's more fun that
way so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna tell
you what movie I suggested today and in
case in case he makes fun of me for
suggesting that movie I don't want to
chat saying eight years it feels like 16
I remain was 2,000 wait wait wait Iron
Man was not 2000 Iron Man did not come
on Spider Man it was 2001 yeah yeah get
it together I know it hasn't been too
long but Iron Man came out in 2008 same
with the Dark Knight is what they're
saying whoa grinding rails rich let's
see here Laurie Pete says have you seen
the Star Trek
have you seen Star Trek beyond no not
yet I'll probably see it with Karen when
she's up here next week just coming up
here next week for good
that's great tell me what you know so go
see it yeah I want to see - I want to
see it - I have not seen it either
because I had a busy weekend I had a
busy weekend not watching stranger
things so just at home watching anything
else but stranger things
Lloyd Beach says it's dog ship wrapped
in vomit dipped in diarrhea I could not
believe how unbelievably awful was Star
Trek beyond I I have heard people say
it's good I have also heard people say
it's bad and I've also heard people say
it's kind of so-so that's all I got for
you
okay I know nothing I the first one the
first movie I enjoyed I thought it was
just fine except for a couple too many
wink nods the second movie I thought was
horrible
I hear McCoy actually has something to
do when this woman oh that could be fun
oh that was a mistake well I put a ramp
there he fuckers
the riddle of Steel says black Vulcan is
the black electricity powered superhero
who constantly insists his name is just
Vulcan but all the white characters keep
calling him that's great Harvey Birdman
attorney a lot fucking love that movie
have you seen that I have to watch it oh
my god it's so great early Adult Swim
show you know they did some good stuff
early on they did some great stuff I
fuckin love Harvey Birdman attorney in
law
gobbledygook says if you guys are
talking about World War 1 can you
comment on battlefield 1 it's a video
game
there's also I've never won parently jag
sped thing here oh no I was just
thinking I and you know what I've this
all started with battlefield 1 I've seen
some promotional material for
battlefield 1 I've never played any of
the battlefield game so I don't really
care about it but it looked like a
really interesting setting and then I
was watching a video and some guy was
was commenting on all the stuff that's
gonna be in battlefield 1 and I said oh
this is some stuff that I don't see very
often maybe some horses versus tanks
that's neat having this neat I don't
know if battlefield ones gonna be any
good but I think I think it's a setting
that that is underused you'd love this
Jack because I don't know where the fuck
I'm supposed to go oh good yeah
oh also gobbledygook says there's also a
lot of Wonder Woman stuff in DC Universe
Online for the ps4 and it's for you Fox
thanks God lyrics from only-child hijack
if you like World War 1 you should read
the book by the blood of heroes it's an
alternate history zombie steampunk book
and is amazing
makes me think first thing I think of
when I hear zombie steampunk is World
War 1 yeah yeah oh well there you go
there's a zombie Red Baron what hold on
I'm writing that down that sounds that
sounds like it could be interesting when
is it called again by the blood of
heroes let me write that down in my
little write write things down thing I
am so fucking hot I rode my bike here
today and that was probably a mistake it
was 96 degrees out when I left the blood
of heroes great thank you for the
recommendation aimless Corsair says
although I agree with rich that world
war 2 can be more fun however I'd argue
world war 1 is also very interesting to
do to it being just a massive political
clusterfuck and trench warfare
so horrible yeah there was no good
reason for world World War II it was the
war to end all wars rich accepted never
failed horribly attending all wars nice
she's in it she's in it
oh I hate doing that the real van says
Jack you should check out the hardcore
history podcast there's a six-part
series on world war one called blueprint
for the apocalypse
and talks about all the ways rich is
incredibly wrong about world war on that
one ant bite me the hardcore history
okay I'm writing that down
hardcore history sorry I don't like your
pet war world war one pod cast thank you
for the recommendation which doesn't
like rich things boy she hates where
water enriched only loves Nazis the blue
fuck you you are the one who said Nazis
are because I hate them you're right
they're cool because I hate them please
make that clear rich hates Nazis Nazis
are the perfect villain you know these
people spread this shit around I know I
know
Nazis are the perfect villain rich
they're horrible monsters and they all
wear the same uniform so you know
they're horrible monsters and you can
see them from great distances the blue
blazes hi guys would you mind plugging
the vine sauce charity stream they're
raising money for PCRF for the rest of
tonight just tell them to go to vine
sauce dot-com and donate I would really
appreciate a bullshit you don't have
that thing to that charity yeah go go to
vine sauce dot-com and they're doing
something for charity its first I've
heard of it I guess that's all hey you
know your tip does he gave us the money
so now give him some money it's great
lord velmont says the nazis were
terrible
needless to say but regular German
soldiers were victims too World War one
was a complete atrocity despite that
looking forward to battlefield one you
and drone save lives
drones do save lives yeah they save
soldiers lives absolutely um I'm Pro
drone
yeah I'm Pro job I'm damaged I'm drowned
I'm done with the sickness
the off switch says world war ii was
like fury road the war the road warrior
both our excellent wars but world war
two just kind of makes World War one
redundant I was that go fast juice I
also expect a poorly thought-out reboot
soon oh oh my god all right well this
was that coming I I got distracted when
I discovered this blue water makes you
go really fast which just drowns you
right that's cool
I think they're just making a joke that
World War one was like the the exciting
sequel or World War two was the
unexcited sequel to World War one that
was the joke uh let's see here
tired and sad says Joss Whedon lunch
meant once meant chind that Batman
doesn't belong in the Justice League
because he is a Marvel character a
grounded human hero in a group of
demigods like Superman and Wonder Woman
Batman is not a grounded human hero
Batman is uh I kind of kind of Boba Fett
badass because of the fans
Batman is this iconic Boba Fett badass
you know Batman can beat anyone with
enough preparation time is one of the is
the thing I absolutely hate as a comic
book fan this even even even with
superpowers spider-man is a more
realistic character character than
Batman absolutely I don't I don't know
the Batman psychology makes much sense I
know the Batman ever could happen
despite the fact that he doesn't have
superpowers yeah I mean no he's he's a
complete and utter sociopath you could
take you could take 100,000 billionaires
okay
billionaire children make them orphans
zero percent of them would become
anything even remotely resembling Batman
you'd probably have like ninety nine
percent which is like turn to alcohol
and partying yep yeah drowning their
sorrows sure all those have mental
problems
we have some doing the thing that Batman
should be doing which is giving back to
the community
yeah it's all he's also he's a rich
billionaire he's also the best athlete
that's ever existed he's also the most
genius II genius that's ever existed
he's the detect and he's the best
scientist thing that has ever ninja he's
fucking new bring Batman is Neil Breen
before we knew what Breen was Batman was
him Batman is not a real person in any
way no he he shuns his his his human
identity and he identifies with the the
superhero iconic person
yeah totally not a Marvel character no
because Marvel characters have lives
outside of being heroes that actually
make them interesting yes applause yes
beat up anybody's Batman no he's totally
not a Marvel hero that is most incorrect
thing I've ever heard mate you know like
who someone suggested that I read um
Moon Knight
have you read Moon Knight is basically
is Batman in the Marvel Man in the
Marvel Universe have you ever read he's
one of the least popular characters cuz
he's not really a great Marvel character
well there we go that's you know telecon
says jack and rich with Sony and Warner
Brothers films tanking do you think
there will be a collapse in the film
industry and Disney will have a monopoly
on the market the film industry is
already collapsing everyone knows this
you'll probably just see it change it's
what we're going to get is something
better we're gonna get a bunch more
low-budget stuff yeah made by people who
care about making it come directly to
video on-demand where everyone's
watching it anyway there will still be a
few big studios putting out big movies
and theaters but it the theater movie
the big blockbuster is dying and I think
we should be okay with that
is it dying huh is it dying they seem to
be making their money back I suppose
maybe even even big blockbusters aren't
dying just the every other movie is even
ghostbusters is gonna break even yeah
well maybe I think they know what
they're doing because Hollywood
Hollywood isn't run by artists Hollywood
is run by bean counters right they they
care about making a profit they're gonna
they're gonna they're gonna at least
break even
most of these even these failures
because the global market is so huge
yeah but girl did he get released in
China cuz the ghost thing right yeah
okay but so cost 150 million dollars to
make sure 140 156 little where the range
is about a hundred and fifty million
yeah and then you put an equal amount
into advertising they didn't put an
equal about advertise they fucking did
the Ghostbusters was fuckin everywhere
no Ghostbusters was they have nowhere
yeah you know where it was product
tie-ins that they got money for Twinkie
licenses high C licenses that help pay
for the movie you angry angry articles
on salon.com about how a misogynist
don't like Ghostbusters didn't pay for
that they didn't pay for that no they
didn't say I'm gonna say they hardly
spent anything on the fucking
advertising what it cost them to release
the trailer on their own YouTube channel
I'm gonna say I'm gonna say that the
advertising for this relatively speaking
next to nothing oh I don't know the rule
of thumb for any major movie is they
spent almost the budget effort where do
they spend them where where TV spots I
don't watch my own right
what are many of course they're
everywhere TV spots posters spacio is
like you know you get your celebrity on
this you do know there's there
everywhere it's a drop in the bucket
drop in the fucking bucket
especially when you're like t-shirts and
licenses
that's all advertising that's all
advertising they're making money off of
I don't know
toys that are being sold there they're
making money off of that
so the advertising I'm gonna say fairly
low so hundred fifty million suspended
some advertising not that much in the
grant and the grand scheme of things
opening weekend what was it a like 46
million yeah maybe it'll get to a
hundred million domestic maybe then add
on some DVD sales which will be foreign
which is gonna be really low for this
one because it's China but this is I'm
gonna make 30 million overseas so you
got 130 and then you're gonna have you
know DVDs and and Netflix and streaming
they're gonna make the money back
they're gonna break even the night then
are gangbusters they're gonna be they're
not gonna oh we're raking in all this
money but they're not going broke on
that - two weeks in is it enough to
break even is the question I'm not
saying it's a spectacular success it's
not a success by any means I'm flattered
wow this is impressive no so production
budget I'll give you some numbers yeah
production budget from box office mojo
right now a production budget was 144
million yeah let's be conservative right
and let's just round up to 200 million
let's say they spent 60 million on
advertising I'm sure I think I think
they spent one more no but let's just
round up to 200 million mm-hm
total worldwide gross is 122 million I
don't in general they spend a lot on
adverts
I don't think they did for this I don't
think they did I don't think they this
was a huge movie for them I have a
feeling that once once the trailer got
it's horrible reaction they took their
foot off the gas with advertising night
that you do you have no idea how
businesspeople work I think
they then spent more money on
advertising people you just want this
movie to fail they they want to believe
this movie is a complete failure there's
a failure but it's not a they're losing
money on it
it's not the kind of profit marketing
that would make them happy yeah that's
it so worse that we're saying
conservatively they spent 200 million
yes so far worldwide they've made a
hundred and twenty million they're on
the road are on the road make it back
they're on the road to make it back and
with DVD sales
they'll probably maybe break-even ish
how am I wrong because you don't run a
business by breaking even you run a
business by making a profit yeah but
they're gonna make others they're gonna
make other movies that aren't gonna do
is bad yes but this was a big one what
I'm saying is even the movies that we
think are horrible flops yeah they're
not taking a loss on that obviously
something like like the Lone Ranger that
was probably a pretty big loss what was
what was the Mars one chronicles of no
the Martian that made money they're the
fantasy Mars one with the the Conan like
guy Oh John John yeah yeah I can't
fucking remember even though yeah that
was a John Carter John Carter Thank You
Tiberius Kirk that was a bomb they're
gonna loot that that's something you
lose money on but I think in general
these superhero films even the ones that
are lukewarm I mean when you do get the
hip you win big
of course I I don't think I don't think
this model is gonna go away anytime soon
ghostbusters should have been
ghostbusters Sony was counting on to be
a big hit yeah I think there are moves
they take risks on and I think in their
head ghostbusters should have been a big
hit they were expecting money from
ghostbusters and they might not get it
right that's a big loss I so to get to
like to bring it all around I still
think we will see the big blockbusters
and theaters but I think everything else
is coming to video-on-demand I think I
think theaters are gonna start to be
what what stage is used to be as they're
gonna be they're gonna become a small
niche market as long as shit like Star
Wars comes along every now and then it
makes a billion dollars
Studios are still gonna gamble with that
200 million I'm making a billion dollars
all right it did work we broke even but
a baby would have made a billion maybe
maybe next time we'll find a property
that will make a billion but like break
breaking even is death to them you're
talking about people who employ
thousands of people with giant salaries
I'm not saying I'm not saying they're
happy about it I'm saying as long as the
potential is there they will make a
billion dollars they'll probably keep
trying all right we're done talking
about Ghostbusters now the chitchat is
asking us to stop talking about
Ghostbusters mammals well we're really
not well yeah we're just talking about
like in general how it works or how we
think it works
we obviously have no idea blue that's
neat all right I like it game is making
me borderline motion sick do you want me
to play for a little bit can you can you
not look at it you read the chat you
read the chat now so how do is it just
the trigger just the trigger when you're
going down sugar when you go downhill
you go down faster once you hit the
trigger when you're in the air B is like
a slow little motor okay is jump and why
is the magnet boots okay I'll figure
this out okay so where were we Justice
League we were talking about the Justice
League movie the Justice League trailer
Aquaman sucks
that's where we were well then nobody is
ever gonna make Aquaman cool it's just
never going to they they try they got
they got the fucking king of the horse
people
this giant bulking badass can you ride
those those blue glowy leg lines those
ropes maybe I'm trying to look oh there
is I'm looking for I assume there was
another one to hit there's another one
over here and they turned him into a
hard-drinking son of a bitch and still
no one is gonna care still no one is
gonna care about Aquaman here here's my
problem right off the bat yeah
Barry Allen yeah as people know I am in
general if
of the flash TV show uh-huh I think it's
really fun I think it's kind of you know
kind of dorky kind of cheesy kind of
corny but I think they play it right
here well well there there flash is kind
of funny kind of cheesy kind of corny
uh-huh and the flash is this popular
show right now and their Flash is very
similar to the show flash and isn't that
kind of a kick in the nuts to the show
yeah well I don't know what they're
thinking is there kind of a kick in the
nuts all the fans who watch the show
since they're so desperate to build a
cinematic universe it seems like a
really dumb not to include the TV flash
which is somewhat successful right but
hey their money if their failed
cinematic universe if I were them if I
were the producers of the flash TV show
yeah I would just be happy that you're
not gonna fail you're not dead you're
not gonna go down with this ship is then
then the cinematic you know universe
crashes and they want to reboot it what
the fuck does TV show flash do doesn't
have like crisis on infinite universes
there there are they're already doing
fucking flashpoint are they yeah
the TV show yeah and I'm so fucking I'm
so over it already
why does DC like actively hate
continuity not that Marvel loves it
anymore it's it's the inherent problem
with comic books which is they it's a
it's a long-form medium and so different
writers are gonna take over and want to
change the characters in different ways
and different editorial staff is gonna
want to change the characters in
different ways and everyone's gonna fuck
around with the thing that you like and
why are they fucking around with it just
to fuck around with it where am I
looking I'm looking away from this TV
because this game was real literally
it's starting to make me motion sick
that's I'm that's that's a real shame
rich I'm sorry yeah and I'm yeah I'm
trying to to do this thing here I don't
know exactly how to get up here Chad I
was not a fan of Valiant Comics back in
the day I'd read a few of them I kind of
regret that now I should have given
Valiant
in hindsight now that I kind of read
about the valiant universe years after
the fact I probably would have enjoyed
him the new villain is really good
doesn't really recommend it because I'm
actually a big fan of Jim shooter no you
know it's he's an editor but he entered
he was in charge of some type
continuities that Jim shooter I am
really digging the valiant that I've
been reading lately
Harbinger then the new Harbinger is just
fucking phenomenal mm-hmm
because I got that like comiXology
unlimited thing I've been able to reach
thank you I've been able to read a whole
bunch of that I actually had now I've
had to buy books because they they they
scammed me into buying books didn't scam
me that was part of their business model
I'm sure Jesus Christ Rich don't look at
the screen I'm not I'm deliberately not
looking at the screen that's why I
turned myself the other way because some
yeah some fast shit is going down
oh I get it and I get what I'm supposed
to do here
good dududu now I gotta get this thing
going Harbinger is great Harvey I'm not
done reading tips by the way I did not
catch up fully reading tips if you would
like to oh oh sure where did you leave
off oh god no fucking idea oh my god no
fucking idea yep well that's bad I'm no
help to you rich I'm very sorry
I remember this regular soldiers were
victims too for World War 1 World War
two okay mmm did you read this when
world war ii was like fury road to road
warrior did you read that one that was
though yeah you should read that one I
think that one was for you okay the off
switch says world war ii was like fury
road to road warrior both are excellent
wars but world war two just kind of
makes World War one redundant also
expect a poorly thought of reboot soon
thought out huh I'm assuming how was
meant it was a you missing him in
thought odd a thirteenth route maybe
it's Canadian for a second I thought
maybe you meant of but didn't make sense
in the context everything it was thought
it who'd thought eat rich it was bones
okay but read that one collapse to the
film industry okay okay I think it might
be the last one we actually did because
we talked about that for a while okay
the Rudolf steel says do you think rich
would enjoy Jessica Jones and purple man
because of the hypnosis callbacks hey I
love rich callbacks it's terrible that's
term well nobody does is hypnosis I
think it's just flat-out mind control
yeah
so till I get your callback though I get
it your prick poke Alex in the eye this
is Jack yeah subject filmmaking opinion
okay would a dark and depressing tone in
a Superman movie work better if it
starts uh if it starts to become more
colorful and upbeat after Superman
reveals himself or is that too on the
nose
well there's nothing wrong with being
fuckin on the nose you just you know if
you're if you're gonna be on the nose
just don't pretend like you're being
subtle like fucking Zack Snyder
that's what Zack Snyder is Zack Snyder
likes to pretend he's being artsy and
creative when he's just being on the
nose no that would be fine that would be
that would anything like super Superman
should just shouldn't be dark and gritty
he's fucking Superman juicy Shaq lead
I'm just not reading that go fuck
yourself there you go that's fine okay
that's fair that's fair
deaqon I can't breathe any decon decon
twitch says hi guys greetings from
Brazil hello have you seen any Brazilian
movie or music
I think City of God is the most popular
be our movie Brazil in the u.s. a great
movie love your work thank you very much
um not not specifically at least not
anything I'm aware is Brazilian I
haven't even seen the the movie Brazil
which isn't Brazilian so but I'm I'm an
uncultured swine I kind of love that
though rich I haven't even seen Brazil
which has nothing to do with Brazil
that's great Shemp says well I agree
that Marvel makes better films in DC I
feel Marvel makes passable action movies
that will be forgotten in time do you
think any of the Marvel movies will be
considered classic hmm I consider Iron
Man a classic but not for the action for
the the technology developing stuff is
all very interesting and he's a very
interesting character but yeah you might
be right about that huh
they're good action films though let me
remember does good action films maybe
not as anything special for the most
part ah you know it'll it'll be--it'll
because it's so big it'll be a footnote
I mean Winter Soldier that's a damn good
action film that's a damn good action
film
am I going that's fine
damn fine action film rich damn fine
action film uh you know it'll be
remembered for its footnote of like hey
remember that one time where comic book
movies were fucking everywhere
well will you remember many individual
Marvel movies or will it just be
remembered as do you remember that era
when they made nothing but superhero
movies oh sure maybe maybe but maybe
they look they're going for well any of
the individual movies have a similar
feel twenty years down the road will any
of them be remembered specifically will
they stand out or will it just be that
era oh that's a good question maybe
maybe just that era but maybe that's
what they were going for non jela moans
and I think I'm saying that right you're
all your names are all weird tonight god
damn it get scab it says bridge of birds
is a book about two Chinese guys trying
to cure villager kids of poison it's one
of the best fantasy novels ever and
right up your alley
check it's funny sad dark and
heartwarming bridge of birds bridge of
birds I love it I need a new book to
read right now bridge of birds done put
it in there thank you I appreciate the
suggestions we nonnamous says everything
you guys say about Batman is why I enjoy
a lot of Nightwing runs he's Batman
without the extreme psychosis that's
what I've heard that Nightwing is the
spider-man
you know he's what's kind of Batman
Beyond - that was the spider-man Batman
yeah yeah yeah you probably you would
like Batman Beyond I don't seem that
much of it but I know you would like I
saw a bit of a Batman Beyond when I was
on Oh God and you know yeah I liked a
bit of it and then they go on to say
dick Grayson's run as Batman was one of
the best Batman runs Oh
similar I like I don't say I don't hate
Batman he's my second favorite superhero
I like his iconic status hmm he's not a
realistic human being but he's a fun
character ya know I like him oh yeah you
know what he's a here's what here's what
I'll give you about Batman he is a very
fun character in small doses mm-hmm I
think the more you look at Batman the
more flaws he has as a character because
of his inhumanity
that's a fence so you know I will I will
like half agree with you is what I'll
say here I'm saying he's interesting
because of that yeah he's not he's not
relatable character he's not supposed to
be right which is why like I'm okay with
it in small doses but like I don't know
if I could just read a Batman book it's
not about how will will Batman prevail
it's what what what kind of insane
badass thing does he obviously going to
do I am James it says James dead the
rumor is that Ghostbusters had a 100
million advertising budget okay okay it
doesn't feel like they spent that much
because I can't think of hardly any damn
ads yeah but you're not you don't watch
TV and team weigh-ins are fucking
expense why would you even bother why
would you even bother cuz anymore that's
what they do rich nobody gives a shit
nobody watches TV oh right I'm not
supposed to do I'm not a millennial and
I don't watch TV Millennials watch even
less everyone watches everyone watch
watches fucking YouTube videos and the
trailer got like 30 million 35 million
free hits that make that Sony made
advertising money off that YouTube video
it seems it seems moronic to spend a
hundred million dollars on TV
advertisements moronic yes especially if
your core audience doesn't really watch
that much TV if you're maybe if you're
doing like on Golden Pond remake
Goldin the movie about the elderly
people falling in love
uh-huh where'd you get that where is
that reference what I'm saying is where
where is this 100 million dollars going
billboards TV ads so why would you
bother with all that ineffective shit
cost cost ineffective idiotic idiotic
the Ghostbusters name and YouTube video
was really all the advertising money
they needed all they needed I feel like
I can get this but apparently I can't
I just don't I'm not I'm not getting a
firm grasp on on how this works rich I
mean with all the fucking controversy
what they have the advertising they
needed which was all the fucking the
Twitter hashtags right that's what you
need for advertising and they had it you
don't need to spend a hundred million
and if they did then they're just
fucking idiots I think everyone agrees
that they're bad business people I think
everyone agrees on that rich aimless
Corsairs is sorry to keep going on about
it but I guess I like discussing
atrocities Jack yeah you should check
out the film oh what a lovely war it's a
musical black comedy about the horrors
of World War one oh okay I guess I like
atrocities tired and sad says we're
living in the police academy equation
Independence Day to Batman vs Superman
ghostbusters Ninja Turtles struggled to
make a solid profit to justify the
franchise's escalating costs yeah okay
yeah but there are other there are other
big-budget films that work well good
it's been a shitty year I would say like
nobody problem with the ghosts with
Ninja Turtles wasn't that it was a
expensive blockbuster to make it's a
problem that promised nobody gave a shit
and you know it wasn't exactly a beloved
movie the first one I I bet that movie
made money Michael Bay is really good at
making sure sure I bet that movie made
its money back he did not spend shit on
that how much does Megan Fox cost
nowadays nothing Independence Day to
probably about eighteen years too late
oh god that one I'm sure was the tank
that was that was the biggest problem
there yeah Batman vs Superman
financially successful
ah yeah they justified its cost I'm sure
possibly Wow hey you fuck then again
what do they spend on Batman vs.
Superman
oh that one they spent like a billion
dollars on that maybe not so much she
spent so much fuck but that's that's
there that's that's that's spending an
idiotic amount of money
yeah that's spending too damn much you
can still make a blockbuster I think
without spending five hundred million
dollars what would see I think there I
still think that they're learning that
like their Hollywood is still going off
of an old system of like you need these
people in this movie to make money and
you know there's a much simpler system
which is just make a good movie and then
everyone will want to see it but they
don't care about that their wheelers and
dealers range I will say the other they
are spending too much yeah but it'd be
counting on that China money boom yeah
well now they are fuck yeah well that
was a whole reason that um the second
Avengers movie they shot a bunch of shit
in China mm-hmm or in Korea because if
you shoot there they give you like
preferential treatment as far as your
movie getting shown there so they they
like went out of their way to like have
a character based out of there
I'm not fixated on money today Chad it's
just the conversation we're having is
about how effective is the current
Hollywood system rich and I like will it
change and how will it change and
somebody said they think that the
Hollywood's current system is about to
collapse and I'm I think it I'm just not
convinced I don't think they're losing
enough money you know what collapse
doesn't mean it's gonna be gone forever
what it means is we're gonna see only
blockbusters and theaters and everything
else is going to come to a small screen
which is something by the way that I
would like I want I want first-run
movies to be
on Netflix and you know be
video-on-demand because that's where I
watch movies now I rarely get out to the
theaters because I'm a busy guy and I
got kids the blue blaze says one
question I've had since review started
was well the first review with you and
Jack be of a video game movie like the
Super Mario Brothers movie almost
certainly not almost certainly I don't
give a shit about any video game movies
I don't even give a shit when they adapt
it like if I hear they're adapting a
video game I like into a movie I don't
give a shit I'd probably rather just
play the video game there's absolutely
no video game movie that I care about
yeah
and I'll double down on that I love that
on average no I don't it'll just be a
movie that rich and I happen to have
something to say about yeah like the
road warrior I was thinking about the
road warrior where I think I said in the
review was comparing it to fury road how
does how does his robe warrior look in
hindsight I'm just thinking about road
warrior mm-hmm and I know Jay likes the
road warrior and I thought Nobby would
be a good review would be good happy to
talk about Jay that was Jay because I
know he likes the road warrior that's
how that came about
yep just that easy sometimes so there's
a movie I'm thinking about that I know
Jack likes yeah it has things to say
about that I would suggest it but it's
not gonna be a video game Buffy because
you know we're the video game guys
because we're the video games guys we
probably would hate a video game he's
more my other account is a Porsche says
hi guys our ulema should do a best of
the worst of the best a best of the
worst of high budget flops has rich
tried a AV Belkin and 520 te or a Razer
Nostromo instead of his numpad the flash
was filmed in my high school sfuo that's
a number of different questions
and I'm not familiar with the the also
what I've never is the pant you're
thinking about the one that has like the
thing you put your palm on and there's
like two rows of keys yeah and then uh I
haven't I haven't tried one of those I
do have some kind of thing I think they
call it the wolf or or something like
that it's like a around a giant round
keep AB like WASD in the middle but I my
number pad works just fine and it's it's
smaller and more portable it's got some
kind of goofy like a fancy that it
really needs because it's extreme as far
as a high profile flops on best of the
worst
maybe we talked about I want to say one
of the suggestions we gave like early on
was um was like the early attempt at
comic book movies like shadow phantom
and like something like steal and we
just kept on finding better movies to
watch here's what works here's how it
goes here's how it goes down the best of
the worst oh you're about to give some
insider information here right every
single time every time we come up with
like a list ahead of time of like things
that would be good pairings yeah well
you know someday we could watch super
brothers mess the universe and this
together we we never end up doing it I
never ever it always ends up like the
day before or the day of we're looking
at the shelf and we just pick out movies
then yep always always every single
fucking time we have made in the past we
have all we all sat down and spent an
afternoon just making lists of three
movies that would go together that we
have never used I want to say we made
like 10 episodes worth of like we have
10 episodes that we can shoot with these
movies never used it not a single one of
them not a single one of them and I
don't know why it's just you know like
that's just how it works apparently
just how it works
the reel of Steel says rich usually have
a stoic and thorny exterior why do these
hypnosis jokes seem to get to you when
nothing else does thank you for reading
the tip I know purple man uses
pheromones here's here's the thing what
that's how I nobody wants to be
associated with rape that's true that's
really true even rapists don't want to
be associated with right yes they try to
hide that fact so your joke is haha
rich would like the rape hypnosis thing
right right thanks a lot asshole
but I bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet
that uh yeah what I think about Justice
League there's something else you wanna
say about Justice League you just
fucking say it
do we fucking care
no I had nothing else like I'm I'm just
you know comic I enjoy comic books I
love art and stories and when they come
together it's it's just butter right and
as I have said many times we are coming
to a point in the comic book movies
where fans of comic books are gonna stop
fuck too big too big well are gonna
start to fall off because this is what's
happening in movies is why people
stopped reading comics you have multiple
continuities now we have a couple
flashes right we've got TV flash we got
movie flash you you have stories that
are getting a little too bloated for
their own good you have directors taking
over characters and trying to do
different things with them the movies
are running into the same problems that
comic books themselves have run into so
I believe we are coming to like the
natural conclusion of the comic book
movie era
well Marvel still has a strong editor
editor in chief in charge that's a good
way to put it right yeah as long as
Marvel has Fei Jie when he's gone maybe
it starts to fall apart
I've heard some fantastic things about
Ragnarok did you oh did you see that no
they they unveiled at Comic Con The Hulk
Viking battle on it ok so so your your
World War Hulk is that ok Hulk is
getting his Viking battle armor mike is
probably more enthusiastic about that
idea that man nothing right now that I
hate the idea all right
I've never actually even read wolveroach
I'm just familiar with it oh ok ok but I
described it to Mike and he was like
that sounds fucking awesome yeah you
know what we got a I think we got to
start getting a little
weirder with our comic book movies we're
getting there I still have yet to
re-watch I don't think it's come out on
DVD yet Winter Soldier Part 2 / The
Avengers Civil War I keep thinking back
to that and like keep being smiled Lee
disappointed Jacqueline says Stewart
blend you gotta wait for this message to
pop up to go away okay
oh god I gotta scroll down I'll read it
the second dammit rich and Zack do you
think that 50 or 60 years down the road
people will look fondly on the superhero
movie era just today like the old noir
movies if 30s or 40s time will tell it's
possible I cannot I cannot predict the
future
at this rate there's still gonna be
fucking making them right you know it's
it's it always goes in waves
always and forever it will go in waves
they come out and they're big and then
we're gonna go through a wave where
everyone hates them this has been a wave
since spider-man in 2001 it's been it's
been a 15 year long wave yeah that's
what happens that's more than a wave
that's what happens sometimes no but now
we're already getting into the anti wave
right we're already getting into the
wave of people are we sick with it I I'm
getting there but I think we're at the
start of it yeah they're still making
money huh how much wages Civil War make
again you can't say that when some were
still like the biggest blockbuster of
the year you can't say that until they
stop making the money right even though
you won't you might be sick of it well
but this is how this is not working I'm
not sick of it yet I love superbe you
know then it's it's the wave is still
strong no but in the the sentiment can I
not get up there is that how that's work
I guess not I guess I just can't get up
there the the sentiment has already
started I think of people being sick of
it where's the last finger
over here
I believe the sentiment is starting I
really enjoy superhero shit I'm digging
I'm digging I'm a fan of fantasy
empowerment oh the music just kicked up
fridge Anonymous's hi guys hi
there's a girl at work that I'm starting
to like good but my last relationship
ended really badly now and I'm nervous
to open up with someone new any advice
on how to move on from a really bad
breakup
just time I'm gonna be honest I've never
had one oh yeah yeah yeah it's just time
also be really careful about dating
someone you work with man like you got
to think about that because if you break
up with that person you still got to see
him here's here's an odd bridge heavens
fact carrot Karen yeah is the first real
relationship I've ever been in really
yeah
that is an odd rich Evans fact yeah all
right I mean that's fine that's fine
it's best for some people that's all
they need I mean I had a head crushes on
other girls like that but not like a
relationship not like dating oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah I've had a few obviously
not many because I mean I dated Lisa in
high school a button
I've had a few uh Lisa and I dated off
and on and so I had a few before and
after and you've got to be really
careful about dating someone you work
with man if that if if if that
relationship even goes a little bit
south you got to see that person and
that person knows that you know you're
into weird but stuff or whatever like
that that's gonna go all around the
office or wherever you work darwin's say
but you can save rich didn't live life i
i i i would prefer to say that i I knew
what I was looking for yeah that's some
people that's all I need
I didn't want to sleep around I had a
couple of opportunities Oh didn't take
them rich you man or drug Lyndon says
Jack yes I'm Jack a World War one
suggestion for you okay read up about
the Battle of mixture Hank of this right
jet hland gentlemen it is the biggest
battleship battle ever even even World
War two cool that's what I think I think
there's untapped potential I constantly
forget about that and I love it
tired and sad says I'm gonna make it I'm
sorry
thirds ad says good superhero movies
will be known like the good westerns the
dollars trilogy high noon and The
Searchers stand out on their own as well
as being known for an era of Hollywood's
obsession with the genre oh there you go
that's it that's a good comparison
Hollywood's worms Hollywood was obsessed
with westerns for a moment for a while
what what individual are there are there
any other any individual Marvel
Cinematic Universe movies that stand out
like that
Iron Man three because they all they all
feel a little bit the same we like we
like Iron Man 3 but will it be
remembered
culturally probably not there you got
problems so not not Iron Man 3 as much I
do like it ya know you're pretty I mean
you're probably right rich they blend
together and they they probably very you
know they're they do by design blend
together because they're all part of the
same universe I'm just trying to think
of like the example of the one that's
gonna stand out I don't know if a lot of
a lot of people saying guardians am i
they are the only one who really
absolutely hates guardians ending to the
point where it drags the movie down of
some some letter grades for me no I'm
totally with you you you and I came out
of guardians incredibly similar mmm I
remember that where we were rich and I
were very like yeah it's fine the last
act for me for me personally it takes it
from being a b-plus to like a a see oh
yeah yeah
and see I don't have a problem the last
act I thought the spaceship battle stuff
was pretty neat but then as soon as we
get to the power of friendship that's
that's when it that's when it heroes
plan is just to crash into the ship and
shoot things and it's too dumb but
that's in character it's doesn't work it
needed to be something a little needed a
little bit better no that's that's the
right band of outlaws they need to do
the clever outlaw ish roguish thing
no that was club that was that was super
in character you need you need the
clever twist to their plan and then it
doesn't work out but you know if they
have that clever twist that doesn't work
out I even by the power of friendship
after that but to not have should not
have the clever plan and then to also do
the power of friendship it's like a
double negative which I guess would make
it a positive so it's just it's just too
negative negative
it's negative its negative negative all
right you know what I guess I can see
that like you know if they had the dumb
plan and then you know kind of made it
up as they went along and making it up
as it goes along is what saved the day
that would be sure being with their
character yes but instead of that it was
the power friendship I'm with you
I guess I'm with you I am NOT doing
something right here that is all I know
well yeah trip does this rich to go back
to stranger things I agree with the
pacing issues but I would also say the
nerd references and jokes were
ham-fisted and mostly awkward they were
mostly unnecessary I other than the kids
like D&D; I don't recall any awkwardly
ham-fisted references you saw you saw
some classic movie posters in the
background but it wasn't really out of
characters for out of character for
those characters to have those posters
and it's such a subtle reference in the
background to films that obviously
inspired stranger things I didn't find
it distracting at all I'm doing
something wrong
nerdy characters who like Dungeons &
Dragons there they're allowed to talk
about Dungeons & Dragons and Star Wars
that's that's their character every now
and then somebody did say something that
I don't think people said back then like
like oh at least the word that I didn't
I don't recall Bing and yes I don't
remember what it was now as we're two
examples we're like hey hey I grew up in
the 80s and I don't remember anybody
ever using that particular phrase yet
other than that oh sure like I don't
remember it was douche bag but there was
some kind of maybe nobody call anybody
that back then that wasn't a thing yet
that wasn't a thing yet douche bag
wasn't a thing yet yeah I don't remember
if it was douche bag sure something
along those living facility they didn't
say that 1983 I grew up then I know this
because I would have been calling people
that yeah yeah that's fine
Stucky ax says I was a bit late to the
stream so not sure if you've talked
about the Star Trek discovery reveal
from comic-con just wonder what rich
made of the new ship it seems a bit
contentious I think it's extremely ugly
oh yeah I've read show me the dirt show
it's very clearly based on the the Ralph
McQuarrie how do you pronounce this
fucking name I would say McQueary
McQueary
the man famous for doing the 1977 Star
Wars conceptual artwork did a design for
the the new enterprise when they were
making Star Trek the motion picture and
it looked like a cross between the
enterprise at a Star Destroyer and
that's what the ship in the new Star
Trek show looks like and it's very ugly
I'm not gonna lie it's very ugly very
ugly ultimately it doesn't really matter
it's not gonna make it a good or bad
show if the ships a little bit ugly well
here's the thing a lot ugly a lot ugly
it's a lot ugly and what makes it more
ugly is the terribly shitty CGI I can't
it's a it's a it's a straight to CBS
streaming web show it's acceptable
totally acceptable
you're not gonna come often do you
actually see space shots in a Star Trek
show what percentage of the time is the
spaceship on screen very little very
little but that important but that's
that's your first shot that I know big
iconic opening is this the ship and it's
like is it that fucking hard to make a
model if they have good characters and
good stories I don't give a shit and
it's not even the quality of the CGI for
fer thee for the project they're making
it's very much acceptable it is ugly
design though no it's horribly ugly
it's a horribly ugly design I'll agree
with that for me on top of the ugly
design
yeah which has like it's like this disc
with triangles on the but yeah it's just
like like someone had a shape editor
just put some shapes on it
it's it's a horribly ugly design and
also on top of that I think the CG is
really really cheap for rich that's not
a big deal
you know I think we can do better I'm
not saying it needs to be you know a
hand model like they did with the
classic ones but that wouldn't hurt
certainly wouldn't hurt it's not a
deal-breaker ugly design but the quality
of the CGI it's fine it's fine
I agree it's not really acceptable
perfectly acceptable not a deal-breaker
but it's it's what did what it is to me
is an indicator of the cheapness of the
show and yeah then you gotta talk about
like you know science fiction is
expensive shit it is but you know then
you're not gonna have a lot of time for
retakes with your actors come back to me
once we see the designs for the
interiors sure sure that that's what
you're gonna spend 90% 99% of your time
looking at the interiors of various
ships are they going to spend money to
have like a lot of different sets for
the places they visit or are they gonna
is almost every episode gonna be on the
Discovery so I'm more curious if they're
gonna spring to build a whole bunch of
different sets for like different worlds
there on sure or if they're gonna
green-screen it
yeah yeah yeah that matters a lot more
to me all right I could be with you I
can be with you man like I I love I love
Farscape but when they go to different
locations a lot of times they just
happen to find an other ship that's
exactly like the ship they always use so
now that it's an abandoned Leviathan
let's go and explore this other ship
that's exactly like our ship on the
interiors so we can technically visit
another location
but we're still using the same sets and
they didn't think to whenever they did
build like a new set for Farscape yeah
it was a multi-part fucking episode they
would they would get four or five
episodes out of that ship got it got to
make that money last man
spastic one-two-three says with
Trainspotting to being filmed I wanted
to know your opinion on the first one
I'd also like to recommend an other
Irvine Welsh adaptation filth a movie
with an excellent descending character
arc I've actually never seen
Trainspotting so I'm sorry I can't
really Trainspotting you know that was a
big deal in the in the indie film
community back in the day you know it
has that beautiful wonderful disturbing
scene the one with the baby the one that
everyone knows I don't except for
Richard Perry yeah get on it man I spot
no I think it's fine I actually have not
seen it since I was a teenager so I
can't tell it like it's probably good I
remember watching it as a teenager and
fucking loving it but you know who knows
if that was just like me being like oh
there they're showing heroin addicts in
a movie that's so edgy right CGI chat
CGI isn't bad just for being CGI and
you're right the good CGI you just don't
notice right and it does exist
but there are advantages practical that
you don't get with CG it is nice if your
actors all have something to react to
yes oh no and the example as pointed out
in the mr. plinkus Attack of the Clones
review it was obi-wan just standing
there while well they're Robo man what
was his name grievious gravis was
swinging like lightsabers an inch from
his fucking face you Andrew Berger
doesn't know what the fuck he's supposed
to be looking at okay right right
practical effects can help like there
yeah oh no and you know I just wonder at
this point like I guess it depends a lot
on what they're gonna do with the ship
but is it is it really more
cost-effective to see gia ship or like
is it how much is it to build a fuck I
don't know I don't know I don't know
get up why are you why are you not
why are you down well might also make it
easier to have other ships in the show
right
you could probably damage a CGI model
with battle damage without having to
worry about preparing it I'm sure there
are advantages practical advantages well
unlike space a space combat might be a
big part of the show so me know maybe
they're gonna do some awesome space
combat stuff we don't know know nothing
about them I hope that I'll combat a
sparing yeah never but I hope it's not
just a dumb action show are you done
I've heard it was a short game and
apparently it was I don't think it cost
that much for what it's worth I just
feel like incredibly unsatisfied like I
think it's a game just like made for
speedrunning
oh sure what I think okay I'm sorry I
mean it's you know you bought it not me
yeah I give me a free right bought it
you know I can't even I can't even play
it because apparently it makes me fuckin
nauseous a lot of bugs by the way I fell
through a wall yeah yeah but you know
like it was fun you know it's a stream
and it's just like I just can't believe
I I'm not mad that it's over but I just
can't believe that it's over you know
shit happens jack shit happens it
happens that's fine then we'll just
watch your credits for a little bit I'm
gonna take this opportunity to pause
then I'm gonna go to the damn bathroom
go ahead and do it we I should probably
stand up
we've been streaming for a couple hours
sure um Star Trek yeah rich showed me
that ship man it's ugly triangles
triangles with a circle you know
