Episode 169
HANDymen, get it??? (Hand of Fate)
August 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYWzllq0qGY
___________________________________________

I just want to listen to that dealer
talk all the time ever a game needed a
custom character creator though it's
fucking head I forgot how ugly he was by
the way I like I forgot how good the
game is and how ugly that character is
you can you can even play as a girl in
the upcoming second one okay only the
girl still no character is still no
character creator fuck man
hold on let me change the game we're
playing here defective
Faith's selects game and of fate will
you play some fucking hand of fate this
is a great game this is you know we did
this for the show what how long ago Oh
Jimmy ass Christ it's here I got it okay
okay that other game apparently was also
really fucking quiet oh great
I could not get used to the controls on
this game oh I can't get it there I I
just recently started playing this again
and I've forgotten and we both
recommended it we both loved it I
remember but I forgot how much I loved
it so fuckers like a story or never
really done unless fun it's a card game
it's a it's a wishbone another one of
these do here let's see here soldiers
training chance card event some more
difficult you do increase damage as your
comely that's that's another cars I
haven't played around with the cards at
all with with these new ones warlord is
player moves attack faster stronger
enemies stronger counter-attacks all
around on faster all around faster and
bandits throw knives and easy bow just
to see how far you can make it let's see
what we got your shadow agent lucky card
events are easier combo my multipliers
are reduced
who cares about multipliers cannot carry
extra equipment equipment that would
normally go to your inventories
automatically now old discarded
equipment grants iron ore a special food
start with low max health but increases
with each defeated enemy that might be
fun for endless sure yeah gets try it
let's try it can you guys see this
you didn't update a noble yes but OBS
has been automatically updating lately
yeah yeah just I'll tap over just to
make sure that they can see it there is
a free DLC to hand a fee there they also
have a paid DLC it's shown up for us
okay great yeah they make it seem are
they saying that's it oh I'm sure you
know that no one said anything I just
want to make sure I must it must have
been just an update with OBS where it
plays whatever I mean that's great yeah
that's great that makes it a little
easier for us let's see here
Oh anonymous says here's $5 to play
literally anything else this game makes
me wish the overlay was even bigger well
we did we're done apparently I know love
free hand of fate oh no no no that was
for the old game oh oh no and I mean
apparently I was working towards some
sort of goal yeah in that game well we
fell out of the ship in the beginning
and you had amazing access ship yeah I
guess I don't know so you only start
with 40 health that's interesting but
it's gonna slowly go up well see how
we'll see how this works great I liked
it Titan says is I've recently
re-watched Mortal Kombat annihilation
it's hardwired for best of the worst
episode whether you guys review it or
not highly recommend it needs to be
watched again it's been a while which
button is Dodge ok I have been a while
but a little while since I played I was
sure thanks because the road warrior I
was replaying Mad Max and the Dodge is
like that the shoulder button completely
different button and it was throwing me
off like Oh God so is every enemy you
defeats not just every card yep that's
awesome
yep yep that's very interesting rich
that's a great reward for battle let's
see here today axe says do you think we
will ever get real dark superhero movies
as westerns produce some artistically
deep dark movies The Searchers 7 men
from now and not just Zack Snyder
pretentious nonsense I hope so I hope so
there's there are some superhero stuff
with dark themes there are comic books
with dark themes you know kinda like if
you just look at comic book movies you
know you get stuff like Road to
Perdition which is just a graphic novel
that was like a deeper darker tone
hopefully hopefully they'll expand into
other stuff I'm super super super is not
a comic book movie hey guys rich did you
see the Star Trek Discovery teaser if so
what do you think the ship design okay I
already said that the ship is fucking
ugly
that ship is ugly and the CGI looks like
shit
CGS fine CJ looks like shit suggests
fine hawk didi says consider this
donation for more Valiant Comics harada
is loved Harada is life I consider that
I will buy more value in comics now I'm
super into Harbinger it's everything
it's everything the x-men used to be
good they just get characters right
faith is hilarious and wonderful alright
50
boom 50 already uh let's see here
anonymous is a hijack do you watch
Steven universe with her kids yes yes i
I've watched a little bit of season 1
with them I think we're like maybe 20
episodes in I really enjoy it I think
it's really great if so have you seen
any of the new episodes they've put out
mr. Greg and the one song in particular
were absolutely fantastic and I haven't
seen any of the new stuff but we haven't
gotten through season one yet but I'm
really liking and I think it's a really
fun show that Steven universe it's like
about magical team-up group and Steven
is like the kid from the former leader
of the group who's now dead so the rest
of the group kind of raises them and it
has this really quirky and humorous art
style and okay I've never seen it so
it's it's really fun it's it's
definitely like it's definitely a kids
show but like theyd it's it's like a
little like adventure time where they
hit it some more adult themes like it's
definitely about divorce it's about like
parental responsibilities it's about
like dealing with your parents and
growing up like it's it's I really like
it I think it's a really fun show and
you know steven has these magical powers
that he's just discovering puberty I
know I know but I was a little corny but
but then you know just him growing into
it it's fun Steven universe it's really
fun I like it
my kids are ok with it but um I'll show
are they super into right now when we
watch
I wonder how far you'll go down you
should be able to make it let's see oh
because I'm gonna eat a lot of food
because the exits the complete other way
oh sure
oh wait fifty I lose fifty max health
right is that what it says yeah but does
that mean you go down 2-0 walking okay
try it out
fuck it I'm gonna I'm gonna be gaining
back every fight and I get the hero's
Bane and the fucking shield fuck yeah
we're keeping this shit alright do it do
it jack to your kids like superheroes do
kids today like superheroes as much or
way more um no actually I'd say it like
yeah so I have an 8 year old and a 5
year old
they're already equipped yeah we're
keeping this shit this is gonna be this
is gonna be fucking awesome great I
can't wait now yeah fuck yeah we're not
returning this shit and I'd say more so
they're like they're into Star Wars more
than superheroes they talk about that
way more than superheroes but more than
anything the only thing they care about
is Legos
like they will play with like the Lego
brand Nexo Knights like they play with
knights and Dragons over superheroes the
the chat is bringing up bravest warriors
oh yes fuck yeah I am I am I am sub 2
what was the channel cartoon whatever
I'm sup just for that they do other
things but I just want a lot right
everywhere what is it called cartoon
hangover hangover something like that
yeah hangover fucking yeah bravest
warrior bee and puppycat and b bar
because fine is fun but bravest warriors
is great that's it's adventure time in
space yeah bravest warriors is craving
in Reggio time and space with teenagers
like us Finn's a teenager right now
right does the age I don't know I'm so
good not caught up on adventure time
either
catbug right and catbug yeah cartoon
hangover is great
you should have enjoyed the lego movie
like it was good well we did see the
batman lego movie trailer and it's very
funny it looks very funny it looks fine
yeah let's see here
this time it's lupus says hey guys
Avengers and Iron Man 1 stand out in my
mind also Lightning stuck a struck a
train station in Chicago and the
building collapsed you crazy
what train station was it Road I won a
truck I wouldn't
cuz I used to take that line all the
goddamn time
blue line station collapse after
lightning strike in Chicago well
actually I guess the rock is huge
station I wouldn't expect a lightning
strike to knock that down but that's
crazy that's crazy shit happens shit
happens
crunky says hijack rich I saw Star Trek
beyond today I hope to not raise your
expectations too high but I was plenty
surprised by how much fun it was I hope
you guys enjoy it
you know I'll probably see it tell me
what tell me when you and Karen are
gonna go say maybe I'll go with you guys
it's definitely always more fun to see
it with a group it's playing at my local
theater and my local theatre serves beer
so I might just you know like if I have
a an afternoon free if I'm not watching
a strange thing
it's stranger stranger things maybe I'll
go see it but we'll see let's see here
mister bucket says hey guys did you get
the VHS I sent you the shocking truth we
get a lot of VHS tapes and I wouldn't
necessarily have noticed an individual
one that's fine like I went to the mail
the other day and like just just one of
the things they sent us was a box this
big filled with VHS tapes we get a lot
of yeah so probably the answer is
probably got it yes also have you
checked out Hannibal I have personally
not know the mr. bucket is thoroughly
impressed with Hannibal I've heard great
things I have not seen it either I'm
sorry mr. bucket I don't even have time
for strange of things yet
I can't get on Hannibal westcoast I talk
about the stranger things ending if Jack
had watched the series I know I will I
swear I will watch it we will talk about
it it's gonna be great I'm sure let's
see you're tired and says that Nazis are
the best cinematic villains just look at
Indiana Jones they're the best anti
thesis what antithesis thank you well
they put a dash in there so antithesis
yeah I think you're right I think the
dash was a mistake I have a - antithesis
yeah they're the best antithesis to a
daring archaeologist a weird cult in
Indiana and a boring Soviet don't have
the gravity of Nazis that's true how
much do I need to pay you guys to play
dwarf fortress it says I am James in
I've heard that's that's one of those
games that I just don't think I can I
don't think I can do oh he wants you to
you know go through a trap thing for
some gold fuck it
if you're on endless mode you don't care
about that it's not gonna let you defeat
guys nobody took your gold yeah probably
not James I don't know that's one of
those was supposed to be like
ridiculously hard games well this is
suck which one
dwarf fortress have you heard of these
you probably never played I've never
played um tender juicy shack meat I want
to do apologize for the joke earlier I
was fine it's fine
I get knowing I get it you Jack me we
get it crispy fried man hi guys I need
some GameCube and Wii game
recommendations which ones were your
favorites please list a lots of them
Super Mario Sunshine the Wind Waker
booms I mean you got two right there
that are great Super Mario Sunshine
Super Mario Sunshine of Wind Waker are
pretty top up there I really like Luisi
Luigi's Mansion if if you are a fan of
that
Resident Evil 4 came out on the Gamecube
Resident Evil 4 is a great game for the
Gamecube I gotta be careful this traps
are doing like 10% more damage oh and
I'm relatively low on health you're like
walk a little first then roll what these
yeah nice you can't smash BOTS now which
is very I want to I know these you just
roll first
Shh I did roll jack this is the worst
fucking event I could have gotten it yes
ah oh
shocked Jesus Christ oh yeah Oh eternal
darkness that's right eternal darkness
came out for the Gamecube that was
that's a very underappreciated game and
that's something we should do eternal
darkness you get your health back though
mr. lion I'll give you your health back
okay he might not give you your money
back and unless you give him more money
I get my health back we're trying you
get your health back I think every time
oh fuck oh you're right smash bro smash
brothers melee and brawl the other Zelda
game is a good one there's a ton of good
well I'm sure you can find a list
somewhere I don't I don't have them all
eternal darkness is one of those games
that I know is on everyone's like
underrated classics list that one sorry
Jen hi rich and Jack I'm having a
creative slump right now for my drawings
and music production do you do anything
that helps for inspiration for your
creativity or does it all just randomly
happen honestly I'll just randomly
happen yeah I mean it mostly random what
happens something that I've heard that
is very important for your creativity
and something
that I do is to take some quiet time
during the day probably helps have
somebody to bounce ideas off of that
helps as well but what is this music
music or drive you know that works as
much with music probably not probably
not but but we we spend humans humans
spend a lot of their time listening to
things you know listen to us right now
they probably you know listen to a
podcast they listen to music they yeah
they watch TV shows are we spend a lot
of time consuming stuff and you would be
surprised how beneficial 20 minutes of
quiet time is for you just take 20
minutes and sit in silence and your
brain will start functioning properly
again
oh we have not ranted about The Killing
Joke yet no what's to rant about we will
get there let me just finish with savage
in here meditation some people is what
some people do I just like to sit and be
in the quiet just just take a moment and
don't consume anything don't don't
listen to music don't watch TV don't
look at going to sit with your eyes
closed best thing you can do for
yourself just take some time for you I
have never read The Killing Joke rich
yeah I like Batman as a character I
loved Batman the Animated Series okay I
just never really got into his comic
books mostly like I said I was talking
about earlier because I feel like the
more you read them the the less like
relatable a character he is right right
but The Killing Joke you've read The
Killing Joke yeah you like The Killing
Joke yeah you okay with the killing -
they're making a killing joke movie and
it's the vocal cast of Batman the enemy
is hey Killing Joke is one of the most
popular books so this should be a match
made in heaven but I have not seen the
movie obviously it's not out yet from
the people who have seen the movie
Barbara Gordon yeah
aka Batgirl yeah is obsessed with dating
Batman that is not all in the book they
have sex just make a straight-up
adaptational kind of germ what the fuck
the creator's at their panel went out of
their way to talk about the strong
character that they were they really
wanted to flesh out Barbara Gordon's
character make a strong female character
apparently she spends the entire movie
being not as good as Batman pining after
him sexually and Batman correcting her
all right
I'll just skip over that and I'll watch
the the parts that are just straight-up
right apparently even though I forgot
his name voice actor Kevin Conroy you
know Kevin Conroy is great apparently
the things they have written for Kevin
Conroy to say yeah make his character
incredibly flat but protip having a
woman fucking someone is not adding
character right so this is actually
happened there's just like fantasy type
sequence this is if something that
actually happens in the movie all right
but Barbara Gordon is by the way someone
who generally in in most Batman Canon is
usually the age of like Dick Grayson yep
you usually someone who's significantly
younger than Batman to the point where
maybe a relationship with them would be
creepy all right and I'll try to help I
think it's the second one over what do
you think I think I was goddamn it I'm
sorry
god damn it Jack wait I asked for
counsel before you hit the button I
asked you for he didn't say anything at
all yeah I was clicking on that last one
I said it and then and then you can fly
I thought maybe open your mouth Jack
Jack fuck it I'm done I'm done they have
a relationship in the DC Animated
universe that is implied in Batman
Beyond when both of them are much older
they they talk about seeing each other
in Batman Beyond when Bruce Wayne is an
elderly gentleman and she's a full-grown
adult she's young enough that's freebie
she's young enough in most Canon where
that's creepy so so no fuck you like
they had a relationship and she's young
enough in every Canon where that's
creepy yes yes
so I don't care if it's in Canon it
happened in Canon in the future but all
all I've heard about The Killing Joke is
they have fucked it royally it's gonna
be great
why is it creepy cuz Batman is like 38
years old and Barbara Gordon is 17 in
most canon she in most she's Robin's age
and and and Robin is Batman's adopted
son that's why it's creepy
usually Batgirl takes on that role as
well yeah as like Batman is more of a
Thor 'ti father figure that's that you
just she's fucking Gordon's daughter
she's his friend's daughter that's
another thing about it is creepy I was
sittin I've said the Mad Max Dodge
button god dammit I'm gonna die no you
can get there you can get it back
alright you have to go first
I have determined this that is super
fair
that is super fair since when are they
friends what they're always oh please
fucking please it's a beer Meister thank
you it's not creepy because Batman had
time to prepare Batman prepared for this
oh please no the they've always been
friends they've always had a friendly
relationship Jim Gordon and Batman
that's usually their thing so what what
I've been hearing from and III want to
say it comes out like tomorrow and all
I've been hearing is this negative
negativity so I not get the card is that
weird wrong I don't throw down with that
well maybe just was added to your deck
maybe please update your overlay oh
you're fucking right
sorry we gotta remember to do that can
you hand me that keyboard hand me the
keyboard thank you thank you my bad I'm
sorry I was all tapping and I should
have warned you hold on okay it's not
doing anything I'm gonna hold that he
was not doing I should have warned you
and that's why it's why I'm sorry Batman
is it's detective he studied all
possible outcomes right and fucking hell
and a fait look too big shrink it down
dink I said it to rich were in sync
we're in sync we shrinky dinks and thank
you for reminding me to change the
overlay we right now we're playing hand
of fate we were playing defunct which
was a game where we had a little robot
that could roll through stuff but
apparently we eat we beat it in an hour
and a half yeah and and so we had a
favor which I've been playing recently
on my own and loving the fuck out of I
forgot how much I love this game
is she naked do they have a naked
Batgirl in the movie I is that true how
do you fuck this up how do you fuck this
up how is it possible they've they found
a way rich it's simple here's the thing
simple well apparently apparently what
they were saying and this is in their
panel sorry to bother you but to ask it
to answer your question why they why
they fucked it up they needed to add
more to the story to make it a movie
I wouldn't nobody would have cared if it
were short nobody would have cared yeah
here's what's gonna happen someday
somebody's gonna edit out all of the
shit that they're adding yeah they're
gonna keep the stuff that should be
there and then maybe someday an animator
well actually reanimate the whole
fucking thing on their own time as a
prod as a project sure but you have you
have the audio oh you have the audio of
Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy which
really is the valuable thing I think
it's the same Barbara Gordon - I think
it's the same you know is it I think
okay I think so it's like she was a good
voice I remember but it's like so yeah
you're right you have the audio so get
animators and make it look good edit it
edit out all the bullshit make it happen
somebody somebody who loves Batman is in
animation school or gonna start working
on it's gonna take him like 15 years a
little bit at a time but it'll get done
it'll get done so if all the stuff that
happens after she gets paralyzed still
happens does that mean she still gets
engaged to Dick Grayson after fucking
Batman now there's a whole new whole new
continuity whole new universe yeah you
know this this seems like a really
simple thing on their part to do we get
the best voice actors who have ever done
the character to redo the most famous
story ever made yeah or the second most
famous I guess but but by the way I have
an ability which lets me grow and
mother of enemies I'd kill ya I'm
getting almost no fucking enemy
encounters well you took that gamble
having your end having your health uh
yeah yeah
they were not to my knowledge Batman and
Barbara Gordon to my knowledge and rich
scan your brain for this where Batman
and Barbara Gordon ever together in
Batman the Animated Series now were The
Adventures of Batman around nope
their relationship was talked about in
Batman Beyond it did not happen in
Batman Beyond but it was talked about in
the past so we can only assume it
happened when they were older at some
point and it's a very mild reference I
don't believe they were ever together in
Batman animated series are Batman and
Robin so no she was flirting with Dick
Grayson right give me some enemy
encounters god damn it it's weird it is
weird Cooney kodesh graphic military
says on the whole on the whole Barbara
Gordon thing
can we read into the fact that the
villain is called Catwoman and the
Protege Ally is called Batgirl or am I
crazy not an expert here oh well yeah I
suppose it's not she's not that woman
she in most canon is either as a kid's
like she's in college yeah you know like
she might be of age but she is still
she's considerably younger than Bruce
Wayne no matter how you slice it and
she's usually paired with one of the
Robins yes so there isn't in there is an
implied father figure in the Batman with
Batgirl yes always yes
fucking always oh fuck
fucking Batman time sorry sorry rich we
got into Batman talk
we got in the Batmen tuck ah let's see
here
scabby mccr abs says here is your shit I
managed to catch you live tip any
chitchat on the trailers specifically
Wonder Woman the First Avenger or the
best Jurassic Park remake Kong Oh Wonder
Woman the First Avenger
that's it does look a lot I'm Wonder
Woman trailer got it's fine wonder when
trailer got me excited rich is still
pretty mad and rich doesn't like the we
talked about it a little bit earlier
sorry so the breakdown is rich is still
pretty mad on it doesn't like the color
palette I'm a little hyped for it and
I'm excited to see some World War 1
action which I don't think is
representing you again I'm never telling
you oh fuck like that huge win huge win
they're rich but actually I did we
didn't watch the Kong trailer I was cuz
there were new King Kong troll has a new
there's a there's a new Kong and Colin
on his Twitter mentioned that he is now
super excited about Kong okay I will
check that out I still haven't seen the
Peter Jackson calling neither have i
I've heard not good things it's all of
her that's all I've heard that's all
I've heard is not good things
that's all I can tell you rich oh here
you go look at all that house you can't
even see them as enemies anymore you
just see them as health
stupid knife they're always
I don't know if I've ever played the
game primal rage is that a fighter I
think so sounds like a fighter
sounds like a fighter I think we Street
at once didn't care for it I believe it
I would absolutely believe it I'm ghost
in here or something ghost in here
he's a glove state yeah I got many
ghosts Chris Pine is every hot male
actor after we watch the Wonder Woman
trailer that was the first thing out of
Rich's mouth was wait is that Chris Pine
hey look different for some reason god
dammit
he does look different I agree I'm
excited about it I don't care about
Wonder Woman I've never enjoyed any of
her comics but this looks like it could
be a neat action movie mm-hmm and I like
action movies so we're gonna go with it
we're good we'll see what kind of
character arc she has you know what I
was really excited to see it looked like
um there was a battle between soldiers
and the Amazonians
yeah which is that's gonna just be a
fucking slaughter it's gonna be awesome
it's gonna be awesome do you think do
the thing do the thing and run
is that the jack of dust again yeah shit
happens you would you just fought him
shit happens
Chris Pratt is greater than Chris prime
Chris prime pine sure Chris Pratt has a
you know he's a I think Chris Pratt is a
little more lovable he's got a little
more a little bit more chemistry nothing
wrong with Chris Pine Chris prime Chris
prime yeah I prefer Chris from the 6-1-6
universe another wrong you know what you
know I that guy's gone here's why we can
like Chris Pine he was in the wet hot
American summer Netflix show he agreed
to be in that so we should all like
Chris Pine anyone who agrees to be
involved with the wet hot American
summer people deserves our love
Spock Prime
I don't know who John Prine is sorry I'm
sorry
normally the king of death shows up in
this yeah but we just fought the king of
dusts or was that the jack of dust you
fought before who knows who knows all
fine it's all fine everything's fine
John Cena or the rock I don't know
neither no I don't know I've heard John
Cena does an incredible amount of
charity work actually not the rock the
rocket sure sure I they're both from an
era when I wasn't watching wrestling
yeah so I'm sure they're both fine
people or not oh no no not that no no no
I accidentally did the thing I didn't
want to do god damn it I'm so sorry
hold on oh that was fucked
this has that has dreams too sequence
written all over it
yeah look I can see that girl liking
Batman I can't see Batman reciprocating
Batman had a dream about Batman that is
proof of their relationship anyway maybe
there's more there was more to that
video or is that just a lot hold on dick
dick
oh wait do they keep doing what let me
see someone hear those keep spawning
skeletons this think the thing about
their oh I just upon more skeletons I
don't know do you think you have to
fight that if that keeps spawning
skeletons oh yes
yes did you just get infinity health
fucking yes rich you did it you can only
get up to 200 health ok I guess you're
about to get 200 health so
congratulations okay so the the link
that someone just sent me as proof of
their relationship was Barbara having a
dream her having a flirty phone call
with Batman and then the scene from
Batman and Batman Beyond where they
talked about a past relationship right
right so there have been hints sure but
it could be that they played it
correctly back then and never showed us
them fucking because Batman shouldn't
have sex with a little girl they're just
just putting that into the ether that
sounds crazy I know that sounds crazy
but I don't think that Batman as a
grown-ass adults should have sex with a
little girl that's just me that's me
personally and to be fair in Batman
Beyond she also wasn't crippled right so
these take place and little in different
universes alright and I don't care if
she was in fucking college I don't care
if she's the legal age of consent
Batman is 140 he's too old
ah sorry mystery of the Zayas have you
guys heard about star-lords dad yes I
have heard about star-lords dad we we
had heard so I guess them spoiler I
don't know it's not really I mean it's
out there everything's out there so you
know and I don't know if these are
really spoilers but I'm not even Flo
saying I'm not saying it isn't creepy
but the proof was there there were hints
non-canon cartoon hints right that's
that's some great evidence rich this is
fantastic this is so fantastic you're
gonna you're so in the money now
so if Kurt Russell was going everyone
knew Kurt Russell was gonna be in
guardians - yeah and a lot of people
assumed that he was gonna be star
Lauren's dad that was the obvious call
but do you know who he's playing who ego
the Living Planet I'd rather see him the
star Lords dead I don't think he is
star-lords dad ego the Living Planet
what yeah so he's still star-lords dead
yep he's still star-lord sad but he's
playing a living planet Oh God who can
manifest themselves yeah yeah it's a
human form when necessary
that's a weird call which I guess makes
it perfect really for guardians right
that's perfect for James Gunn they're
gonna have some weird weird times with
that that's great so I mean Kurt Russell
is awesome and amazing obviously rich
look at your pile of bowling yes I know
I'm loving it this was the this was the
card to get was this just a random
encounter yeah I mean like what
encounter I don't I didn't even remember
at this point I'm killing skeletons for
too long so what is Stallone's role in
guardians to I think Stallone is playing
a Nova Corps office officer
what I've believe I've heard judge Blair
yeah so it's it's you know guardians I'm
sure they're gonna do something weird
with it who knows what but you know like
I said rich and I said we were both like
okay with the first Guardians movie
didn't not super blow me away
a lotta a lot of payoff with very little
setup and the ending was kind of weak
but hey if we get to see Kurt Russell as
a giant talking planet and fucking I'm
down let's get weird with it let's get
weird for this shadow alley 5 no
generally five says this is for track
can you do a Batman voice doing Batgirl
and I will not
oh sure here's my Batman voice hey bad
girl you should get home and study
because you are in college and I am an
adult goodbye thank you for helping me
fight crime I appreciate I appreciate
having partners in this very dangerous
field have a nice date with dick yes I
hope I hope you two can really work
things out he is like a son to me and
you are like a daughter to me I'll see
you next week for our training session
where we will train and do nothing else
that's my Batman talking to Batgirl
voice you are welcome
hey hey producer no no that's fine
producers of bat the Batman stuff you
talk to me I'll help I'll help write
some stuff down for you I can do voices
obviously I can do Batman
so I'm not saying Kevin Conway did a bad
job I'll just be there spit ball ideas
and there you go that's your Mac self Oh
were there yep
you had 200 200 is your max health and
you are now having so much fun I haven t
noticed do you just want to see how many
skeleton bones you can get on screen the
game might crash Barbara you're like a
daughter to me like Dick Grayson is like
a son to me I wish you two happiness I
mean I remember when you were a baby and
I rescued you in year one
remember that remember when you were an
infant and I was an adult already being
Batman gosh me and your father are such
good friends it's almost like you are a
daughter or niece to me
and I really value you helping me out on
my crime-fighting Crusades I don't know
if I say that often enough oh I hope
that's not true the master other people
are saying that they hear kind of my
kind of phones it in yeah I hope that's
not true
but who knows they said that about him
in the Arkham games and I think it's
fine yeah he's good then cold logical
Batman sounding detached can be mistaken
as phoning it in well and it could be
that he's doing a good Batman being cold
and illogical yeah the story around him
is so weak that they're also now
focusing on him being like baby wank
character maybe that could be it who
knows yeah Batman Beyond is is
considered canon in the animated
universe DC Animated universe as far as
I'm as far as I remember like as far as
like if you look at like yeah Justice
League Batman Superman all those Batman
Beyond is canon
if he isn't saying wolf wolf wolf he
really isn't doing the Batman voice
you're right you're right
oh that's a lot of skeletons oh geez
man you have 200 fucking health nothing
matters anymore well I guess if you
could die to all these people well do I
gain help for just flat-out murdering
them it only gains your max out
I'll tell keep an eye out for when you
murder people all right time to get rid
of this phone a long range crap
or enough time to no no I hate her
have I by the way I'm looking you
haven't defeated anyone yet
you've just defeated the thing which I
don't think counts no you do not gain
health that only gained you max health
so fuck yeah
we're not yeah we're a little outraged
someone's saying that just during the
chat are Jack and Rich outraged that bad
girl had sex it's not just that she had
sex it's that she had sex with Batman
and more outraged at Batman we've
already discussed why that is wrong and
creepy like I said I didn't really
understand why buyback girl would be
interested in Batman sure but uh yeah
yeah we've we've talked about it not
fans probably still gonna see it anyway
and then we can make our final judgement
these are all things that I've just
heard on the internet so maybe the
internet slides me maybe they don't I
don't know I don't
yeah you know I don't like I think
there's some interesting thing I like
you know some I see some people in the
comments just saying you know what
Batman just shouldn't have sex no no I
disagree with that right and they say no
he's still a person and fuck man if he
had sex every once in a while maybe his
character would be a little more
realistic and fleshed out he shouldn't
be having sex with somebody who's young
enough to be his daughter
he's got Catwoman for that
he's got Talia al Ghul for that he's got
plenty of women his own age in his field
to have sex with fucking you know he
calls up Hawkgirl every once in a while
just because she can throw down that's
all I got
no I don't have all the sex he was he's
Batman and he's a man unless it wants to
get that he's also like a playboy
billionaire so I'm sure it happens more
often than a dozen or it could it could
with anyone Batman never has sex now I
know why he murders everyone right
you know that's like read read your one
Batman actually saves bebe Barbara
Gordon baby diaper-wearing baby Barbara
Gordon yeah no and it's like it's it is
tough like I see a couple people like
just asking and I think you're asking
earnestly like what age do we think
Batman is mid 3035 he's been operating
for a while he's not a rookie right he's
got a trained Robin he's a little bit
older he's at least he's at least thirty
Leo their owner Oh at least 35 I'm
saying forty he how long does it take
you to become a master ninja yeah when
did he leave he left Gotham when he was
118 20 I would say he started at 25
started what being Batman by the time
you actually get all your training in
and you're good enough to actually do it
I would say rookie Batman 24 25 as a
rookie like like pre cape and cowl like
year one like you're one like and he has
the cape and cowl now for the first time
he's 25 24 25 early mid mid 20 not only
20s that that assumes he left Gotham at
18 yep and so he's been training for
seven years I would start a training a
little bit earlier I don't think I
started at 18
maybe now I don't know yeah young Bruce
was in control of his own destiny that
could be me I'm just you know I'm trying
to I'm trying to obviously it's comic
book so none of it matters as far as
real time is concerned one did when did
it what age did that Batman did Bruce
Wayne make the conscious decision to
become a vigilante was that in his head
right after the parents died how
unrealistic is Batman is he so is he so
unrealistic that ten-year-old Bruce
Wayne decided he was going to fight
crime at a bat costume and never grew
out of it
I mean Batman is all the unrealistic yes
or did he make this decision when he was
like 15 right well it's like it depends
on a hat what can and we want to believe
here cuz you know like you look at like
Batman Begins the movie right it was it
was a college-age Christian Bale yeah
who then went off to learn to fight yeah
that to me is realistic like an adult
who who tried the whole rich boy life
thing and is just consumed with this
guilt an adult an 18 year old yeah yeah
to me you gotta start 10 years after
that cuz I'm guessing it takes 10
fucking years of solid everyday training
just to be halfway good yeah yeah I
would say that so then you're 28 and you
start Batman at 28 you start year one at
28 so then by the time you get to when
when Robin is around and when Barbara is
a ground you are late 30s at least to be
fair how old are Olympic gymnasts very
young very young very young yeah so if
he starts training early enough and
maybe like I said maybe like what if
he's also gonna trace brain cuz he's the
greatest detective - and not just not
just the gymnastics but the multiple
different kungfu's he'll know he knows
every kungfu he knows every come from
he's a master at everyone yeah which by
the way it takes years yeah one yes cuz
he didn't just get superpowers again
just start right away
he can't just say I'm Batman where's my
costume and then what's up we're talking
gadgets we're talking computer hacking
we're talking becoming a master marksman
we're talking fucking everything every
day right so it's like to me he at this
point is in his late 30s yeah I could
bend and say 35 but even that doesn't
fucking matter because his relationship
to Batgirl is paternal yes so let's say
he's in his late 20s and Batgirl is you
know 18 right 29 let's say he's 29
and she's 18 and
that's that's still creepy it's still
creepy because he has a paternal
relationship to her he is a father
figure to her yeah yeah yeah
so and yes rich and I can talk about
comic books for a very long time I don't
know if you know this about Richie night
we're really good about talking about
bullshit and like that's all we do all
that's a thing that's kind of art that's
our shtick well my father is 14 years
older than my mother a lot of that
depends on age like for example you know
the older both parties get the less that
age gap matter yes if Barbara's 30 and
he's 45 that's less of a big deal I'm 18
year old has been at the age of consent
for less than one year like a 25 year
old Schmerber Gordon
sure okay then you can yeah then you
start getting that wiggle room yeah yeah
yeah usually Barbara is a cut she's
usually portrayed as being fairly young
yes yes yes and we're not saying like
you know my dad is 23 year olds older
than my mom there are of course
exceptions that make the rule but in
general it's a creepy thing and in
general he's a paternal figure great Oh
wrong - I I had the far left so oh just
one pane card in two months two cards
you gotta get that she monster cards are
good that's true an atomic Lich has a
really good point I don't know if
Batman's relationship to Batgirl is
paternal
but the nature of their relationship is
definitely one in which he is a role
model yes sure so and and that's he's
not a peer he's not appear he's a role
model he is the the the he's the trainer
he's the master
oh well like II know that that's sexual
but why do you think some people are in
favor of this right
oh yeah die you fucking rats but uh Luke
Cage is in a hallway now he's got the
wu-tang clan so you know that's what we
got that's much easier to talk about
Luke Cage much less interesting to talk
about much less interesting to talk
about it did it did make me relist into
my old routine albums though which is
always a joy because I don't know if you
know this about retain clean rich but
they ain't nothing to fuck with so which
is an important note if you are a fan of
the clan I would not say that I was I I
can't imagine that you are a fan of the
clan but for anyone listening they know
what I'm talking about don't you ten
Doctor Strange I'm interested yeah but
here's the thing with Doctor Strange
okay he's a he's a better supporting
character that he has a main character
yeah yeah I can see that he's the weird
guy yeah who the hero that who when
Spiderman runs into him it's a weird
it's a weird adventure for spider-man to
go on yes yeah which might might be the
plan form you know sure but but you have
to set him up as a character first so
that's what this movie is I understand
that he's got to be if he's has to be a
character first and then you could
introduce him in like an Avengers kind
of situation I suppose but he like his
is so weird you know he's like magic
magic and reality-warping powers is
where we start getting into the realm of
like actually I'm gonna take oh god
finish this up and then what else isn't
that gets us into the realm of comic
books were that's like Misha vanish
right yeah I'm gonna take back what I
said about you could introduce them in
Avengers no because you got to do kind
of properly introduce magic into the
Marvel Universe yeah yeah that's it
let's so strange more so the concept of
magic okay there we go
and Matt yeah magic has kind of been
around in the Thor universe but very
downplayed
Thor it's not even betrayed as magic
it's just kinda like technology we don't
understand great it's so advanced that
it seems like magic right right they're
kind of an alien almost kind of race
right right but uh the visuals look
really neat still got 125 right you know
the visuals are very inception II and
and I hope they do some neat stuff with
that visual I don't know what those
visual mean you know reality folding row
right but it's like I hope that I hope
that means something instead of just
like look at how cool this looks you
know like it you should really see
inception I don't really like inception
like an inception it was very polarizing
does it I thought everyone loved it yeah
wasn't everyone will hate it
really i'ma try maybe I'm wrong oh I
don't go around talking about inception
rich I don't you come to our bi-weekly
inception let's talk about inception
meetings I really you know when when
reality warps in Inception it has I saw
clips of the city folding oh yeah but it
has like greater meaning in the story so
it's like the the way they work the neat
visuals into the storytelling is
appropriate so no that's gonna be you
know what the folding is they're
introducing multiple of realities
parallel virgin Marvel Universe's no no
yeah that's what those could be those
are gonna represent where reality is
fractured Oh God because they're also
they're also gonna introduce parallel
universes and this is how we get into
the wave beyond Robert Downey jr.
possibly this is how we get to when
Chris Evans is too old to be Captain
America oh no oh fuck
then the movie-going audience is gonna
have to deal with skewed continuity and
universe resetting bullshit welcome to
comic books inception is greater than
dark night don't whisper me nerds I I
like
I'd like inception a lot more than than
the Dark Knight series I mean or like
the Batman series as a whole but mostly
because I really hated Dark Knight Rises
but inception is a really fine sci-fi
action movie and I like sci-fi action
movies I even don't you know it has that
Joseph gordon-levitt in it
I don't usually care for him and stuff
but he's alright in it he's alright I
don't think they'll do that they need a
plan they need an exit plan for when
their actors get too old to be in there
to be in their roles this is true they
have as far as I know no exit plan oh
Jesus but I suppose like even in in
current Marvel continuity Captain
America is an old man he's old man
Captain America he's not see Captain
America well no they already reverse
that today of course they did everyone
knew they were reversing this I hadn't
heard that when did that happen
Oh like it was like issue 3 that was
issue 1 issue 3 it was revealed what was
going on like now I have everything's
fine too old too expensive will be a
problem before that yeah you're probably
right they need an out for when Robert
Downey jr. doesn't care anymore and asks
for too much money too much money for
Disney oh it was issued - thank you my
tummy giggles it was issued so he was a
Nazi for less than a month much much
like Superman at the end Donna Justice
everyone fucking knew everyone knew what
that was where that was going
in the Doctor Strange comics has even
flowed the parallel realms are usually
crazy universes where physics are
different not just different earths but
they want to introduce different earths
in case they want to do something that
because it's that was fairly prominent
in Marvel history alternate universes of
what if what if tales sure we could we
could get Marvel Zombies can we see a
Marvel what if movie
wouldn't that be interesting that would
be so much fun yeah yeah I'm like one of
the movies that happen differently that
would be really neat what if what if
Captain America had died during Civil
War right that could be interesting
or like did you ever read like Marvel
1642 yeah no no where's like all the
Marvel characters but in Pilgrim times
or you could bring back I actually have
not but dub fucking name I remember one
Jeff Bridges different differences yeah
Iron Monger what if Iron Monger like
successfully took over Stark Industries
and you have you have a what if movie
where he's in charge like all the major
technology right right and Tony Stark is
like low-rent Iron Man yeah yeah that
would be really cool hey get on that
Marvel the what-if universe what if
Fantastic Four was actually a good film
says she shuts by that time they'll have
the Fantastic Four right so we might
know that's really good well this could
be the start of their exit plan
I'm Kenny Powers says I have done the
deed
Mason Lee has been eliminated I don't
know what that means I've no idea what
that means
who was Mason Lee what have you done
what have you done Kenny Powers
Mason Lee actor he's an actor he's in
he's a three-time Academy award-winning
director no Anglet oh maybe he's
angley's kid he's been in movies I don't
get that I'm very sorry I'm Kenny Powers
I don't I don't get what's happening you
know who Marvel completely gave up on
Ghost Rider and you know why you know
how we know they gave up on Ghost Rider
he's now gonna be an agents of shield
really yes they have officially
announced that Ghost Rider is going to
join the agents of shield and that's how
you know Marvel gave up on him give them
to the TV people they don't care about
the TV show at all which is a shame but
yep that's what's gonna happen he
doesn't fit at all in to the agents of
shield worlds but fuck it man it's you
know who cares anymore at this point
let's just get weird with it Wow um God
Fatih says what did you think of the
Kong Skull Island trailer I was treading
that movie but the trailer looks amazing
and actually both rich and I had not
seen it Colin our good friend Colin from
Canada saw it and he's hyped about it so
I will trust Colin's judgment sergeant
Zima if he's in if he's in the Chad I
trust your judgment so don't let me down
I hate to say it I forgot completely
about the goddamn shield bash oh did you
yeah oh you just been oh my god rich you
are so low on health
you know I had two very nasty fights in
a row here oh oh are you in the pit yep
oh yeah yeah we should start getting
weird with it
guardians was a big success you know why
got weird with it people are ready for
that also who the fuck is brie Larson do
you know who brie learned I don't know
who I don't know who anyone is we talked
I remember this came up the other day
someone was someone asked us you know
what we thought about oh no another
crucible he's like oh hey have you heard
the rumors that brie Larson is gonna be
Captain Marvel and and I kind of
offhandedly said brie Larson gets talked
about everywhere because I hear that
name a lot yeah I hear her name a lot
and she's talked about on the internet a
lot she did officially get the Captain
Marvel job
yup so brie Larson is Captain Marvel I
don't know who brie Larson is good for a
brie Larson yes good for her she's
getting a nice paycheck I'm sure she was
in community for a few episodes I never
really watched community she was in room
I've heard good things about I need full
concentration yeah you go
shit
damnit alright I'm done
alright she was uh she's in a couple
episodes of community she was in Scott
Pilgrim she wasn't Scott Pilgrim she was
in room which and she apparently won
Best Actress for room okay so but the
Internet's all about her she's Captain
Marvel I read a couple Captain Marvel
books and she's in space and I don't
necessarily care about space comic books
but good for her
might be the movie I don't care I don't
care about Captain Marvel as a character
except for when she comes and helps the
new Miss Marvel because I like the new
Miss Marvel so that's all I got I'm
gonna predict we won't see a what-if
movie okay but we will go into like what
if universe they will be universe
hopping within another movie and then
you'll see glimpses of things like Iron
Monger in charge of Stark Industries
sure or or like the Big Red Hulk with
the mustache yeah yeah we'll see
glimpses of weird things mica I could
see that happening like in a Guardians
movie right right like something like a
goofy ER movie even infinity war they
might have reason to flee the universe
temporarily that's I mean that's usually
like a bit though like going through
different universes is like comedy Gaga
no one so I think they could dip in that
well more than once oh sure but I like I
think it needs to be in a comedy like in
a movie with more comedic tones Oh like
like ant-man yeah like if ant-man goes
super tiny and goes into other universes
like he could have that gang okay okay I
can't see that happening in just a
straight yeah just because it's funny
but I do think with it that Doctor
Strange trailer that's what they're
introducing the concept of why there's
why they're like reflections and
scatterings
yeah oh yeah like I said I I'm just in
talking through now I think that's
probably going to be how they justify
new casting yeah I can't be the first
person who had that thought right
probably not I don't know I haven't seen
it around new or if you are you're the
first person who's hey congratulations
I did see John Boorman a squirrel girl
and yes that was very exciting
I'm excited very first squirrel girl who
knows the squirrel girl is ever gonna
happen as a movie but I like Squirrel
Girl let's see anonymous says how do you
guys sleep at night knowing the Empire
built three Death Star's
just fine the Star Wars is just a
fucking movie and and you know here's
the thing
space is really big and in the Star Wars
universe like they don't have like super
fast communication with each other so
yeah I could it's totally reasonable to
think that somewhere off in the distance
someone is building some giant things I
don't think they made it once they built
one it got destroyed they built another
one it got destroyed
yeah then they build another other one
right oh so they're not they're not
they're not talking about how could it
be built they're wandering there weren't
Lee there how do we how do we feel
knowing that they did the same dumb
thing three times that's what they're
saying the answer is I don't give a shit
yeah I don't give a shit I don't take
Star Wars that seriously I really I just
don't I'm sorry I know everyone else
does I'm the outlier that's fine that's
fine
my answer is it's just a movie totally
it's just a movie yeah yeah I'm with you
Nico :
which a good Sunday evening to you sirs
evening good evening
have you heard about Incredibles 2 with
Brad Bird and the first movies crew
coming back I've heard about it we'll
see what the happens I know they don't
have a great track record with sequels
Pixar this is Brad Bird though I know
that's a lot of difference we're with
you Nico that we are all so weary it's
the one Pixar sequel I would actually
want to see absolutely one where we read
I was gonna go all I remember is what
was Brad Birds movie Wonderland no with
with with George Clooney Space Mountain
I don't recall he made a movie yeah yeah
land of tomorrow world of tomorrow
something wasn't what was the
temperature that was day Africa bro it's
so forgettable yeah I know what you're
talking about beyond tomorrow it's the
movie that killed Tron 3 it was the
Disney movie Tomorrowland Thank You
fales been so Tomorrowland was getting
shit reviews and was forecast to start
bombing
yeah and so Brad Bird before
it opened started teasing Incredibles -
before his movie that was gonna bomb
started opening nan Krebbs - Scott just
gave his career who calmed the masses
and save his career he started teasing
Incredibles - I remember that and I
remember giggling but yeah I mean
Incredibles is a great movie ya know so
Brad Birds a great well I didn't see
Tomorrowland but a guy and Incredibles
are great gives the Iron Giant yeah it's
great my favorite Avenger classic its
classic okay that's all we got we are
caught up on tips let's thank some
people boom let's thank some people this
is the time and you know I know I say
this a lot but and any video could be
someone's first video so we're gonna
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream much like I have to
snapper
i has the sniper I like that
Oh has the sniper my cosmic 13 months in
a row
thanks for 13 months of laughs guys oh
sorry subscribers will get it whatever
okay Joerg hland has subscribed for 13
months in a row now and your claim says
here's hoping this is not a fucking
unlucky month sorry it is it's just I'm
sorry it's almost over though this month
that's true that's true they're almost
through it they're almost through it
Lego face Lego faces
nice mochi b85 has subscribed to us for
25 fucking months in a row mochi says
happy 25 month anniversary $5 for 25
months about 6.90 cents in Australia in
this economy that's dedication
it is and thank you very much we really
appreciate it mochi xeno Trobe 24
fucking months in a row Sagan 12 20 18
months in a row once my ball fuck fuck
in my butt button it's free country Jack
they can write what this is what they
wants a basket of pups subscribes and
says can't wait til you review the
original pong is there any review of
pong that could be done could that could
we even like make something funny out of
that like try to seriously review pong
yes you could guess what we're fucking
stealing your idea basket of pups done
stolen happening I'll tell you how when
we're done okay Theodore J hooker 23
fucking months in a row bill a heck of
25 fucking months in a row and they
wrote a thing scroll scroll back up fine
intentionally it's fun 25 fucking months
what have I done with my life yes I
adore you heck frogs thank you thank you
word yak lordy axe says how about The
Killing Joke movie well lordy AK then
you'll be happy to know we spent most of
the stream talking about how we hate it
even though we haven't seen it
accordian miller 17 months in a row i
wish you guys had actually reviewed
Kazaam on best of the worst these the
Shaquille O'Neal to obvious to obvious I
mean eventually we have to do a
Shaquille O'Neal 9 Wilkins the clown 18
months in a row crunky subscriber for
four months now I finally get to hear
about Jax but stuff I think that was the
dating advice that I gave to someone is
don't date someone in your office
because then if you break up to them you
still have to see them don't take some
work ok and then I said and you know
like if you're into like the weird butts
they'll start telling everyone I mean
ever that's where the poop comes out you
know I'm never I'm never sticking that
in an output that's nice no that's just
wrong man literally there's a whole like
nature takes over written in written in
I like that I like that
Chakotay has culture hahahahahahaha
every time it gets me jyggalag 35 says
thanks for everything keep up the good
work
we'll try tour-guide mixin Krieger 7 8 3
22 fucking months in a row Thank You
Harry fed 18 months in a row van drain
ahthe Bend rinse maybe then I drove n
drinks oh you know what I like I saw the
Dre in there yeah the d-r-e and I was
like dr. Dre you can't forget about Dre
you were getting your hip hop on they
ain't nothing to fuck with van Rijn
knowledge junkie 12 months in a row
entering year two of hack frauds the
point of no return it's true it's true
see Danny chick and evil crash 9 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really really do you guys
and while we were thinking
Lloyd beats said not to freak anyone out
but you got a tip that sounded like
someone killed Mason Lee Mason Lee has
been eliminated and keep that tip in
case Mason Lee turns up dead it's it's
in here it's in here it's in here yeah I
don't know what that was about
where was that even I'm Kenny Powers I'm
not gonna brag to us about that shit
probably not we've ever said it but it
wasn't an anonymous like you can tip
anonymously like they've used their
screen name so they're somewhat
traceable let's see here and I has to
sniper says Jack you need to watch
community it's a staple of comedy in my
opinion here's my fro I know that
eventually
community gets good i watch the pilot
episode of it and i said yeah and then i
watched the second episode and I still
felt pretty mad about it yeah and I hear
that the first season is kind of shaky
but once they hit season 2 then it's
great but then it goes down again for
season 5 they just start watching season
two I am a completist I really like want
that's why I can't get into the new
Doctor Who by the way I can't get
through that yeah but they have a clear
starting for that first season with the
name Eccleston Christopher Eccleston
yeah but I think like right at episode 2
it starts swinging up that first fucking
episode is teri I watched like five
episodes and they just didn't really do
it for now I'm sorry I'm really sorry
ma'am and Yeti machetes 67 Hey right
thank you thank you they subscribed
because they want you to keep up with
that doctor who they told me in the chat
I like that name it's a good name Yeti
machete
you hit the button yet no no we're still
talking what we were having a nice cover
oh and now on Steam you know we were
just having a nice tour awkward ending
when you can't even have this thing set
up ahead of time how are we supposed to
do that
god damn it god darn it you haven't done
it yet have you no I'm waiting you now
your mouse is just hovering there and
I'm waiting for you to do it you're just
not gonna do it
fuck I got shit to do jack have a nice
night
