Episode 107
Head Games (Headlander Part 1)
August 18, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw7vkZoBH1w
___________________________________________

I think I did I think I even updated
this dream oh hi okay well that's great
which is great right because if I didn't
update the stream it would still say
that we were playing I think we stopped
at like hand to fade
oh we did the defunct OD funk that's
right which morphed into hand of fate
because defunct was literally an hour
and a half long that's true I remember
that so what is what is this game what
is this a game Jake you told me we
needed to play this and I don't know why
I know I don't say we I you know okay
this is it's a newer game this came out
yesterday yeah and so you know it's like
oh I always like to play a little newer
stuff that's my thing
this is head Lander which is apparently
a Metroidvania esque game but it's a
double fine game which means everybody
hates it because of politics right so
it's a double fine game and I I believe
the main mechanic is you are a floating
head and you can attach two different
things so it looks cute and just you
know oh good I did update the stream
great so it looks cute before we get
started though I would like I'd like for
everyone to welcome our new bearers of
the green swords
he means mods just really gonna confuse
people who don't pay that much attention
to green sword what the fuck is he
talking that chat if you see someone
with a green sword next to their name
they're a mom people are gonna people
say that's a sword I never you know I
never paid much attention to that I
don't know what the hell that was so the
Green Square thing to me he said sword
no I mostly used welcome our new mods
cinnamon and leftover beefcake and to be
quite honest with you I had just assumed
beefcake was already a hostage because
he makes the twats er for us he'll be
they'll be far better than the old moths
I'm saying no the old moms are still
here oh fuck
owls
but welcome to Maude's we've been
hearing from some of the other mods that
uh that people are getting busy people
aren't able to show up as often and and
we wanted to swell the ranks a little
bit to help keep peace in the chat as
has been mentioned many times by many
people our chat is a swell place gedcom
what his name is Chad Chad comm check
the future looks like in the past
watching shitty for your ex rings cat
cow Jack I did see stranger things Lando
second I'm three episodes into stranger
things so later tonight not right now
later tonight we will discuss the first
three episodes of strange of things but
I mean it's so fucking good well
basically everyone should start watching
it because as soon as Jack's done what
the series we're just gonna talk about
everything
fucking everything the whole yeah we'll
have a huge spoiler discussion but we'll
do some pre discussions now am I am I
playing are you playing uh I don't care
ok great let's check out our options
here great then we could switch ok I do
wanna do wanna play first that's fine
that's fine yeah take this fucking
keyboard I think that I care what the
fuck you do with it would get around my
goddamn face great great grain hey
stranger things supposed to be a tease
references or Goonies like a imagine
what ahead what head two people one by
the way here I mean you know me I like
girlies old guy young guy I like lady
heads that came out wrong
stranger things is like imagine a mix
between like Goonies Goonies mixed with
et mixed with firestarter mixed with
one's own mixed with Twilight Zone well
you know the whole premise is very
Twilight Zone II I wouldn't say the feel
is Twilight Zone but a like what's a
creepy or a poltergeist the poltergeists
is in there okay
Stephen Stephen King mixed with Steven
Spielberg scored by John Carpenter Oh
the score is so fucking fantastic
definitely scored by John Carpenter you
know he didn't actually do it right but
the sound if they're aping John
Carpenter and and the whole thing has a
very 80s feel to it
we won't be talking spoilers till later
yeah well warn you Jack's only seen the
first three episodes so I guess we're
only gonna talk about that we're gonna
talk about the first three of says
that's all I could I could squeeze in
and even like the third episode I
watched this afternoon I had to like
twist my wife's arm like oh we can we
got an hour we can wait come on we got
an hour she really likes it too but you
know there's like let's not work for an
hour in the middle of the afternoon
there's a little bit of Carrie in there
sure sure
it's beautiful it's beautiful
this is a sorehead fucking yeah how much
horror isn't it actually it's it's more
it's more like a suspense thriller the
only one I see one person saying old guy
I don't really notice any votes for
anything else of old guy fragment or old
guy gonna care but shit bunch of garbage
or any of the kids are knowing no
actually that's something we were just
talking about is how great the children
actors are the casting all around is
fantastic unbelievably good cast I'd say
well and and just the ability of the
duffer brothers to get these
performances out of these kids because
they're great like the kids are great
you know kids in movies oftentimes they
suck but these ones really pull it off
they got range
yesterday how did you feel about Winona
Ryder I thought she was perfect oh she
was got - yeah it's nice
well what did Jay say about her you
thought she was terrible he's not yes
you know perfect I know I don't know if
it helps but I know someone exactly like
that
and she's playing her so perfectly yeah
and so it's just like maybe Jays never
met a crazy person before but yeah
that's probably fair to say right but no
I thought she was perfect
would you miss the under yonder not much
we just started the game rich is
learning the controls not the only thing
I can do right now is have left or right
sure
wait there was a there's a thing back
though what thing way back
okay now
apparently that does nothing yay game
audio too low right yeah you you have
keyboards and all the stuff necessary to
fix this why are you looking at me
motherfucker Oh cuz I was I was giving
you a warning um that um I was gonna
i'll tab i'll tabbing back great your
ear what's that say let's think of the
ship okay okay
earthworm jim by Telltale Games yes also
turn on subs please
subs what can't hear shit hold on for a
second rich hold on why can't you hear
shit I have fucking no pause I don't
know why you guys can't hear shit hold
on you're honest I presume
hold on I think I by tapping something I
think I made it work
oh not subs subtitles gotcha oh that's
what you meant okay I believe I fixed it
now and you're gonna turn on subtitles
so I fixed it great I didn't all I did
was hit the property button on a gear
okay did you get some title that I did
but I need to get back to the game
I'm stolen I'm still a window summer
there you go we're back in the game the
feminist guy in the shirt supporting the
new Ghostbusters is rich Evans and rich
Evans is big believer in feminism and
the principles
Hedlund
you're ahead Lander rich you did it you
had landed well from what I've heard
about this game is it's a Metroidvania
it's what's new jack there's a lot more
rich did you see the news about the
Nintendo NX awesome awesome Nintendo NX
news has possibly been given the no
confirmation from Nintendo yet but
Eurogamer is reporting that the console
will be basically like a tablet with
controllers basically what the Wii U
tablet is now that you can then dock
that'll plug into your TV and you can
take it'll have removable controllers
the actual handheld device so it's a
handheld that you can use as a console
the handout that you can use there's no
what I called it would be well that's
what everyone kind of thought it was
gonna be the the interesting thing is
the removable controllers the console is
what they're reporting well they'll suck
compared to the classic controller
everyone will be unhappy because it'll
be small because they're gonna want them
to fit into the handheld so the
controllers are gonna be really terrible
to use and nobody's gonna like them and
intend is not gonna listen cuz they're
gonna be stubborn yeah and that's gonna
affect the controls in every game they
make for this thing yeah and so every
games gonna be awkward to play I'm not
on that will that will that will once
again inhibit third-party support for
the platform yep not only that but every
game also has to work mobile because
this is also like it's not it doesn't
like plug into a bigger game session it
just plugs into your TV and so like
they're saying that like it has like a
mobile processor a strong mobile
processor but the games are gonna be
weak as shit why why would it have to
have a weaker processor what if it's
just expensive it has a normal console
processor because it needs to be mobile
and if you have a more expensive or a
more hardcore processor that's gonna
drink a lot about maybe this thing has
really terrible battery was it could
have really terrible bad or it's gonna
not it be very powerful are they
marketing this is a replacement for the
3ds as a replacement for the Wii U
or as a replacement for both they have
not said anything everything right now
is pure speculation I don't understand
you Nintendo I just don't understand you
there's less pot if it's less powerful
than the Wii U it can go fuck itself and
you know like maybe it'll be equally as
powerful as the Wii U as the computing
technology has come a long way
octave is saying it's a Tigre x1 or its
successor it's a good chip that's still
a mobile chest research things Before
Time
hey Jack was the one who started
spouting out he's got a mobile process
or whatever whatever a mobile processor
is the Tigre is a mobile chip that's the
set it's the thing that they would use
in something like a gaming laptop or
like one of those beefier what do they
call those like the Nvidia
Oh No just like
I'm fine
okay great
watch out Shepherds got their heads
so can you aim more yeah okay are you
aiming which one is
well I'm not too good at this right
so my just screwed I have no idea
nope there you go got a I don't got him
which one of you is bad yeah I agree
Tigers good well you know there were
three identical looking red dudes
I'm sure rich knew no oh oh the big
glowing thing with the arrows on it rich
yeah it's a little confusing so far but
we'll get it we'll figure it out it's
just weird
all these games are weird there was a
different game that I wanted to play I I
figured out a way to stream Vita games
and an interesting a mystery dungeon
game recently came to the PS Vita have
you ever heard of a mystery dungeon game
it's like a dungeon crawler a little
roguelike ish
but a thing I need to stream the game as
I come yet and so we feel this one might
be cool we don't know anything
oh yes no you're right we did we got a
tip a future famous person says rumor
has it that the new Nintendo system is
going to be a handheld that can be
plugged into a TV and have controller
plugged into it does this sound like a
bad idea or something that could be good
oh well hey we just talked about that
assuming they can yeah it makes a lot of
sense if they're not if you're not
getting screwed on capability right well
and you know well if they're just trying
to focus on the handheld market like a
handheld that you can plug into your TV
that seems to be their strong point
anyway and I would kind of love that the
only problem is if this thing is going
to be too big to carry with me
everywhere you know like even a 3ds is
fucking giant you can't put that in your
pocket you need a backpack which I know
most people have it could be a really
good thing if there's if that's their
stuff like we're making mobile games
we're making handheld games that you can
also play on your TV the only problem is
where does where it is like the new
Zelda finish office you know is that
only going to be on the Wii U who knows
well probably would probably do what
they did with Twilight Princess
what am I supposed to do there you can
pick up that blue thing right down there
I believe you can pick up the blue thing
that you drop down
that's like behind that thing right now
oh I didn't know they even dropped
anything
do it
well what that word goes
Oh nope oh that that was connecting for
this thing no I'm too much talking until
little paying attention maybe you have
to hit the guy with the blue family I'd
use the blue thing as a weapon where's
it go where to go
is it gone forever it might be it's
quite possible that you don't need it
then if it's gone forever les is hidden
behind this forgotten Brown crap no I
think it's to see it is there a way you
can make him like a ricochet his bullets
to hit him I don't fucking know sir I'm
just trying to think of ideas rich oh
you did died
yeah shit happens you did died rich yep
so what did you use to pick up the blue
thing I don't know I hit a button to get
that under warden I don't even know
where the blue thing came from no no I'm
saying like can you can you know like he
hits me when I get close he hits you and
you get close can you pick him up
without getting close
that's like a save point right I think
so okay that's a trans fiber node asking
somebody was never played this before
what's going on I'm just trying to try
to kind of help you out
those old bullets don't seem to be okay
yeah then I think you gotta suck his
head off Oh or make him open the door
that works soon what the hell oh did bus
shots open the door and make sense yes
sweet jeebus prison
oh oh oh god I lost where I was they
uh-oh
oh hey Kyle how's it going they keep
saying you gotta suck their heads up
with your vacuum oh that's what they're
saying does work alright we did it we
did it we took the guy's head off
know any of that did but
and I'm hoping for little flying heads
got to be a body
sin gates ii i was trying to help rich
figure out that ii i'm looking at chat
here and there we were trying to figure
out the game maybe you should sell down
there man we're not paying attention to
them for three seconds just one person
Colin says it's all about sucking or
tugging their heads you got a second
time right we're gonna talk a little
sock a little tug tug suck suck and
heads all sorts of heads
everything's fine you know what
everything's fine everybody
it's beautiful though you know what was
weird I rode my bike here today okay and
as as I was riding do you know what
airplane I saw in the airport what start
riding my bike here go and past the
airport and all of a sudden I start
seeing a lot of police officers yeah so
that's really weird and they line it up
and as I get closer to the airport more
and more police officers and sitting
right there is the trumpets playing I
didn't I had no idea he was in town but
apparently the Trump pence is in town
what good will talking about this dude I
just thought it was neat like I saw the
plane I didn't see them or anything
I am I am so done with politics not uh
not uh not certain politics I just says
like hey I saw the plane I didn't I
don't know if they have an event in town
or if they're just stopping to refuel or
whatever but you know I saw it and I
thought it was neat
I like a plane with a word on it that's
all
this this election is so depressing so
depressing yeah it's fine I'm not voting
yeah yeah no fuck it let it burn Jack
let it all burn I like it not burning
I'm happy with it not burning Pence is
in Waukesha tonight no okay that's
what's happening - why the Waukesha
Airport Waukesha enzone damn Airport
that's what we're supposed to down here
tractor how about them lasers right how
about them lasers attached to one of
those other robots something's a little
Tunney yeah there we go
that makes sense oh nice nice figure it
out yeah we figured it out rich so I do
you did I did you know just to talk
about something only slightly less
controversial than politics
I can talk about Batman vs Superman yeah
I saw a wonderful video about Batman vs
Superman today if you guys have a chance
to watch it it's by a someone called
Naruto writer he has a YouTube that's
his YouTube channel and he went on the
little rants about Batman vs Superman
and he made a very interesting point
which is Batman vs Superman has a lot of
moments it has a lot of cool shots and a
lot of cool moments but not necessarily
a lot of scenes you know like normally a
cool moment will happen within a scene
and in Batman vs Superman it's it almost
as if it's almost as if every line of
dialogue was trying to get to this one
cool moment that doesn't really serve
the story or the characters citing
specific examples from the movie and I
thought it was a very neat I didn't say
that
I thought it was a very neat watch and I
enjoyed it cause it made a lot of sense
because yeah Jack Snyder likes things
that look cool
and he doesn't necessarily care how he
gets them to look cool how he gets there
so tyrannosaurs works I think people are
divisive about Batman vs Superman we
still get a ton of the shit comments
from our Batman vs Superman video just
just having a conversation about it it's
difficult what's this having a
conversation apparently for some people
it's hard to it's hard to hear a
dissenting opinion from some people
okay that's fine that's fine I mean so
now you're on a rocket that looks a lot
like a penis right yep
that's just a big joke of this is that's
just a cock and balls whatever that's
why I'm now that's fine just you know I
just want to point things out
this is fine it's fine it's fine
great I have not I have actually not
seen sucker punch I did it bro I don't
know yeah reasons why are we ahead I
know I haven't been paying attention to
anything I think they're telling us now
people who's talking to us if you guys
want help or have questions I'm the
composer for head Lander says f vlogging
ninja f flogging ninja John I'm okay
he's a little tired a yes just a little
tired today
that's you know I've been busy earlier
it happens we try to pick it up try to
pick up we'll try to pick up the flow
the flizzy look we had a couple of
fantastic streams now now we're gonna
have a shit one no it's it's fine
there's ups and downs eh there's ups
fine there's absolutely ups and downs s
flocking ninja is David Gregory Earle
who's been with the composer for this
game if we have questions ninja we will
ask you thank you thank you for offering
your assistance
very sick of politics right now okay
well then we just won't talk about it
I'm sorry for bringing up to me in
general you have the you have the RNC
yeah
you have the DNC have you think the
fucking Ghostbusters fucking movie I'm
very all the politics all the problems
you just fucking politics those are the
three big parties the Republicans the
Democrats and ghostbusters it's funny I
know it's funny but it's absolutely true
that movie talking about the movies just
some disgusting political bullshit sir
chances also the rest of the speculation
includes the bit about the NX using
cartridges that is very true the the new
Nintendo console they are talking about
going back of course yeah makes sense
seems to work for them for the 3ds
well I mean I was talking like actual
Karma's are just gonna be like spent a
flash memory kind of like flash drive
kind of thing well you know those hold
those hold a lot these days
I think cartridge like each game is its
own thing okay which is something I'm
not necessarily down with I really like
digital I really like streamlining where
I how's that much different from disk
what do you mean the cartridge versus
disk yeah I don't like this either what
makes you think they won't have
downloadable shit - mm-hmm probably I'll
probably have if it's a mobile device
yeah I'm assuming it won't have that
much storage SD cards over wat it'd be
great if it be great if they had SD
cards I don't know if it's gonna have
this because we don't know what it's
gonna have storage wise I'm concerned as
someone who likes digital gaming I'm
concerned about the Nintendo connects
yonder yonder says since your shift was
a cock and balls does that make you
Prince Albert stud zing you know that is
you know - Prince Albert is the piercing
yeah someone who gets pierced through
the dick whatever for the same things
that won't I just say you know some
countries a free country and you can you
can I just like I have the freedom to
judge you for it and Jesus Christ why
would you want to put another hole in
your dick that seems weird me that is
weird to me if that is your life
congratulations you live it but you know
I don't want someone putting a hole
it's got one and I think it works pretty
well yeah yeah just this guy you know
says hey here's some money to tie a very
long piece of string between two cans so
you can talk to Colin on stream Colin we
can do that now we will figure this out
for next stream if you want to if ever
you want to stop and say hi
if we run Skype through the laptop you
and I can put on the headphones because
we have the headphone splitter now so we
can both hear Colin and he can talk
through chat yeah there is theoretically
a way to do accountant let us know and
anonymous says I'm going to Chicago
tomorrow do you know any good
restaurants in the up on this
neighborhood
uptown episode like North Side not
really okay I grew up in suburbs
literally I'm not really that familiar
with all of the restaurants downtown
okay yeah just you know Yelp it it'll be
fine
Yelp is good for that shit yeah Jack and
rich seem kind of subdued tonight yeah
I've been beat down by like just shit
that's going on just just on Facebook
yeah yeah yeah it's it's it's a late
night it's been a long day and I'm sorry
that would be that we seem beat down
tonight that's gonna happen every once
in a while you can't you can't get us on
100% all the time because because that
would be that would be disingenuous you
know we don't want to be disingenuous
dude is that a feeling tonight feeling a
little tired
I could use some coffee yeah I really
could but we don't have anything this
game looks cool
what what do you what we want we said
we're gonna switch off and now open try
to switch off when you're laughing yeah
you know looks and you're just like yeah
I'll give you sad you talk to chat for a
little bit read the hashbrowns
tit oh okay only child says hey guys oh
I could tip every stream to support you
but don't really have anything
interesting to say or ask tonight I'm
making hashbrowns right now how crispy
do you guys like your hash browns
um well nobody likes them under or over
done how do you how do you categorize
where the sweet spot is probably a
little bit a little bit on the crispy or
end for me you know the important thing
for hashbrowns is like pancakes where
it's got to be crispy on the outside and
then a little chewy on the inside yeah
you know you need that mixture
and insightful door hey hi yes quiet you
why'd you
and this thing now I'm this thing now
and I need to get a red robot come that
is my mission I'm in a : look at this on
the map that is a : where you a red lady
robot earlier I guess she doesn't count
I need a laser I like the animation than
the one would just walk by him that was
great that was a great robotic sexy walk
oh oh you're you're murdering all these
completely innocent robots
I don't care why don't you care why
should I care about them I think you
should I would have say I think you
could should whatever I could and should
yes both ha ha ha
nunim says hi rich Jack oh there's space
there there's no space there when they
should be hi rich hi jack I thought I
was like 2 inches rich that's ridge high
hi jack high return jack high ridge
hijack the plane oh that's it that's it
that's it that's it that was the tip
just high right yeah okay madam says
rich and Jack Phillip crap couldn't find
a way out Along Came Jay who showed them
away and impressed with his horror
knowledge clout rich have you seen The
Killing Joke thoughts
I've not seen The Killing Joke I keep
hearing negative things about it it's
just not looking good no I'm looking
very good well is the actual normal
story without any of the bullshit hidden
there under all of the the added crap
that's the question likes it
is it 40 minutes of just shit we added
and then The Killing Joke starts and
it's just the normal Killing Joke as we
know it would that be okay yeah
just start them start the movie where
it's supposed to start that doesn't seem
right but I'll take it
this is where you started we're gonna
this little role that she does the
analyst it's adorable it's fun no cuz
then it's just bullshit you know like I
like the the idea so you could just
fast-forward but it's like that's still
bold it's bulls that's that's unwanted
and unneeded flu what they're adding
Truman shoelaces
hey Jack and rich in the UK and staying
up past my Betty buys to watch you guys
I'm weirdly fascinated by the jaws films
at the moment what do you guys think of
them hello pleasure my penis the UK
version of lol fuck my talk if you
wouldn't mind it would be it would make
me ever so happy if you were to pleasure
my penis it yes weld you have any
thoughts on the jaws movies they're
great
well first one is first ones great I
don't remember much about the second one
in that it's a problem I haven't seen
the third one in ages but the concepts
need like SeaWorld jaws in SeaWorld
mm-hmm that's fun
sure I you know what it's been ages even
since I've seen the first one I guess
and the fourth oh God we're the with the
jaws where the shark actually has a
grudge against the family that's great
that's insane great what the fuck what
the ever-loving fuck
I need a red John's 3 was a great
concept but total shit says John he look
I believe it I have to rewatch it and
I'd need a strong urge to rewatch it
which I'm probably not gonna have so
right yeah that was during the first 3d
weave revival because it was the 50s 3d
and then there was there was a handful
of movies in the 80s that brought it
back it's like a gimmick John's 3d
wasn't one of the Friday the 13th one of
the Friday the 13th was free D well
there's Freddy's dead can't speak I
can't speak at all there's Freddy's dead
in 3d now there's modern 3d which oh
fuck it right which is already gone oh
boy is it gone like is it I mean still
people are still doing it but like their
marketing has there been a major movie
to come out that hasn't had a 3d version
in the last year like a big movie that's
a good question Oh
just 3d wasn't red-blue they actually
used polarized glasses really did not
know that how interesting
Nana says that moods got our boys
subdued the good book gave rich of bad
outlook feeling I will be landing some
head on dub D I read the thing I they
say the thing I read the thing and you
did it rich you did it you did it so
well and so great great anything you do
is great and you're so great yeah we've
been here
yes we're talking about jaws yeah Josh
3d John's 3d yeah 3d in general I've
always hated or jaws for if you'd prefer
to talk about that what movie that I've
recently seen 3d Michael Caine is in
Jaws form that's right I saw when I saw
Zootopia
no not Zootopia some kids I saw some
kids movie with my kids
maybe Zootopia and we sat at the movie
theater in the loo the only showing we
could see is in 3d and so I had to wear
the stupid glasses I just hated it yeah
hey because I have to wear my over my
glasses you want to take them off I at
least I do you probably used to wear
glasses in general but but what's going
on in that in that shag carpet room
what's going on in the background just
rolling around yeah this is like a
hippie place hippie robots should be
robots okay these are these are hippie
robots I'm sure because it's a double
fine game it's just full of weird humor
yeah Bobby we're not really playing it
paying attention so
a forensic slash rich haven't had the
time to watch the last few streams so
here's some extra cash sign so you can
use you can use for coffee that's what
we need right now that's what we need
right now
coffee or whatnot yeah I'd probably use
some caffeine right caffeine a massage
made a massage shoes I can help you with
one of those things maybe
whip its head off Jack got some fees
arranged in that fucker if they talked
about the new Batman game yet I have not
played the new Batman game I don't know
what I care much about the new Batman
game we were wondering whether we should
do that for like an episode or a first
four hours over something the tell-tale
Batman game yeah and our conclusion oh
shit oh think twin-stick red trigger
actually pulls the trigger no but you
aim like that you know what
and basically our what our conclusion
was was we we'd probably just be saying
like really similar things and repeating
ourselves because uh you can actually
take cover
yeah that's neat some behind you whoa
just rip its head off fuck it I fuck
around
I fuckin with anything yeah what's on
their heads off is we would be repeating
ourselves a lot there's a lot of story
in this but I guess there's supposed to
be a story you know so we decided
against it mostly because we you
probably know this it's not a game we
could break a million subs on YouTube if
we play the telltale game while
overreacting to everything that's true
like sarcastically or overacting to the
hate
we're just pretending we're amazed no we
have to just over like if we if we if
we're mad at something we have to be so
mad I can't believe it this is the worst
thing I've ever experienced in a game
you know that kind of hung right right
right okay I guess I have to shoot them
you're just not good enough to do
otherwise I think I just need to get
good the covers need I had a notice now
yeah left trigger is the cover the
Mechanical Turk says here's some money
for Jack's massage rich fund but for
oils and such got heavy oils that's
important super important
got you know cuz without the oils then
you just start chafing overacting oh my
god I can't believe it's the Joker yeah
what are the odds the Joker doesn't show
up gonna tell kill Batman game that
would be great
that's that's the fat man draw back the
Joker is too popular
oh it would be a letdown of the Joker to
show up and some kind of major Batman
story do you think is there a major
popular Batman story where the Joker is
not even mentioned not even mentioned
well it's like you know year one he's
got this small thing at the end I know
but I know that's the closest you know
one would work perfectly fine without
that small - right - yeah your one was
the first thing that came I mean you
know Batman Begins it's the same thing
words like this I'm just what you asked
for a story I give you stories it's the
same thing as year one where it's like a
small thing at the end with the playing
card people people didn't like the Dark
Knight Rises I thought I thought that
was like yeah The Dark Knight Rises sex
well people said it's the worst one not
everyone not everyone I said wasn't me I
don't think I think begins as dull as
Fox dog mm wait am a dog okay I can see
that you're a dogs yeah Oh
I love being a dog I am a robot dog only
chances hash browns update okay they
were crispy enough but I used too much
oil I can never seem to get them right
lol
hash my Brown - too crunchy too much oil
they were crispy enough but too much oil
I do not know what gobbledygook says I
saw The Killing Joke at the theater on
Monday
it sucked no that is all
you say I gotta be this good you know
you know it should have been it should
have been like look some kind of a
YouTube video nigga make they can make
money off Mads what are we gonna fuck
ton of heads wouldn't it if they some
kind of web exclusives redid the comp
and then you wouldn't have to fucking
worry about padding it when it's got a
for excelling this product that a DVD
it's gotta be X number of minutes long
but it's it's not even about the padding
because you can pad any story like like
we were talking about the other day like
adding that Barbara Gordon backstory is
really important for someone who might
not be that familiar with Batgirl you
have them go on a missions you have them
not have sex and then the rest of the
Killing Joke happens the only backstory
all right yeah I know you haven't read
The Killing Joke and I forgot to bring
it today oh oh and I forgot to remind
you that the only backstory you need is
that she's Gordon's daughter you don't
need to know anything about Batgirl no
but I I think you need to know that
because Bruce Wayne also has we know we
know and anybody who's new just knowing
that she's Gordon's daughter for the
context of that story is enough but that
that adds hopefully that adds to the
subtext with Batman
right like her being killed even though
she was killed because she was born
crippled sorry not killed even though
she was crippled because she was
Gordon's daughter
I bet Batman feels a little bit
responsible because that's his Batman
thing that would add to the subtext
because even in the in the context of
the story which is basically just there
so you can tell some kind of Joker
origin Joker's squarely the focus of
everything that happens it's unimportant
it's unimportant
Batman's reaction in that story is that
important it's all about the Joker and
why he feels the way he does about the
world
his his twisted view of reality is the
point ice I still think getting a little
Barbara backstory is a good thing it's
it's not a puss I'll do one more thing
just it's not a Batman story it is a
joke that's a summary the killing right
right but getting that Barbara backstory
and making her sympathetic to everyone
is a good idea they just they just
mucked it up
well Lucas either hollow crystalline
bouncy y'all could use that to reflect
lasers but each time a laser hits your
shield it rains a bit of okay
the off switch says please don't
overreact to stuff red letter media is
supposed to be dead pen leave the
overacting for when Sony gets the rights
to your life stories and makes an awful
film 20 years from now good ok Arnold
Rimmer says all right government I was
it going what's my birthday today
tomorrow few folk so sorry if I go a bit
random what games you what games are you
playing
what what games are you enjoying the
most at low budget slash movie or
triple-a ones right now I'm kind of
between games yeah I finally I finally
gotten doom out of my system wasn't lay
the fuck out of doom yeah I know you
were as far as Triple A or whatever I'll
give you shit I play what's fun I don't
know is it fun
what are you feeling right now but now
the dooms out of you I'm kind of between
I'm flying a little bit because of
thinking about Mad Max recently we did
the review and all mmm I play the Mad
Max game ok but I I could play something
else not a big deal
you're not you're not married to madmax
yeah I could have played a bit of of
Orcs Must Die at the other night that
would've been the same yeah and very
recently I've started to replay hand of
fate which I I think it's fantastic
what a fantastic game what's the secret
that I don't know that that was like
last year's e3 I want to say that they
announced the sequel I would love I
would love to get my hands on that and
not play as that ugly guy I know that
you said there's no there's still no
character creator hey that's the rumor I
don't know if anyone really knows every
screen shot they've released it's been
out that's a the girl is the the player
okay every single screen shot there
might still be a curved crater but
having any one really really knows
whoa shepherds
turbo Jesus 5000 hey guys how's junk if
you were if you were transporters the
cretaceous period together armed with
only what you have on you now
what would be your strategy for survival
armed only with what we have on us right
now
does that include my backpack over there
because I have a knife in my backpack
yes I'll say it does okay great
I have a knife in a bottle and a water
bottle in my backpack which will
significantly increase our chances of
survival
what is your survival strategy okay step
one fire because we need warmth and cook
stuff
step two simple shelter step three water
after that just kill everything that we
see fucking murder everything or else
it'll murder us fire water shelter
murder murder murder murder fire water
shelter murder murder murder sick of the
six steps to the success we would freeze
to death within the year if we were
transported here
oh sure unless this is underwater I mean
where the fuck was here in the
Cretaceous right you know no I'm I'm
saying I'm trying to think outside the
box because that's what rich Evans does
yet finds some kind of cave and you need
yourself some kind of carving tools you
need to make find a way to make a
message that's going to last a very long
time okay saying hello my name is rich
Evans in the year 2016
whatever this freak accident is going to
happen that will strand me back in time
please meet up with me on this date to
prevent me from being stranded in the
Cretaceous oh so you're gonna
mess with the timeline yeah nice yeah
nice rich you have to save yourself
because you know you know if you
stranded in the Cretaceous you probably
want to die sooner or later you're never
gonna get rescued no that's why you have
to murder everything murder all the
things he'll you're you're fucking this
humanity might not even evolve you're
funnier you're murdering everything at
that point in time the butterfly effect
jack then fuck it then then I'm king
then I'm king I'm gonna model of what of
what it's gonna be
then I'm king of you fuck off you can
bow to Emperor rich jackass uh who's got
the knives yeah it's me
now I like your plan of writing writing
as many messages as we can to try to get
converge to try to get some humanity to
help us
they are of re our 77th very yard Oh
Jack Harwich you may or may not have
seen this either way I give you the
rogue one slash Neal Breen trailer
mashup welcome well click on that later
yep Oh funds Oh sparkle fat says that's
a good name
I think of stranger things as a combo of
its and the mist with a young furiosa
LOL fuck my crocodile brain until I get
canceled and have my skeleton removed
furia you think he really just because
she's bald and that's that's some
terrible reasoning she's far closer to
firestarter Frost with sterilized you
agree with me Jack yes yeah yes I mean
she's bad she's she's Carrie if if the
government agency that's tracking down
firestarter got ahold of her the shop
got ahold of her right before the events
of Carrie could happen that's not a
spoiler you learned who that character
isn't the first goddamn episode 11 yeah
she's in the first is she yeah no she's
in the first and she demonstrates her
weird powers in the first episode
alright that's so good it's all good you
even know they're chasing her in the
first episode
I mean I believe it and I don't I don't
see the it that much I know it's got
kids
it's got kids in general like the way
they use kids it's far more like Goonies
kids that that relate to each other
they're having an adventure what what it
is terrified it's the Goonies kids in
the it universe because it like it's
creepy
unlike Goody's but the kids are more
like Goonies so it's it's both yes
because it's everything wonderful
everything wonderful everything
marvelous strange of things and that
soundtrack is fucking awesome
trader of zinc says you would die from
oxygen poisoning due to a higher oxygen
concentration okay
well that's good it seems like a
miserable fucking life honestly
I look for a Doge Doge EO we needed ovo
openness for ode areas
I just go there
someone's saying the kids are more like
the Explorers kids are cool
nonsense it's nonsense I tell just
somebody said the Explorer someone else
in some Millison I asked for the front
of monster squad that I'm saying Goonies
cuz they seemed like they wanted it to
be Spielberg iam Goonies et creepiness
of it with fire starter and carry and
any needful things cuz you know a
small-time cop small-town table
it's just it's a whole lot of mishmash
that really really works well a whole
lot of mishmash
as you saw it is and Winona Ryder is
perfect yes J is wrong it's okay and and
it's okay they taste like we're all
wrong sometimes
yeah it's particularly wrong when it
comes to with on a rider I'm a stranger
thing absolutely
abso-freakin'-lutely
what
the prices we missing something
Oh
it was this mixed with that well that's
that's the it's the best way to describe
stranger things though cuz it kind of
wears its influences on its sleeve
oh yeah it's not shy about it which is
which is fine because it also it never
in it wears this influences on a sleeve
but it never stops to point that out
yep like this did you want to talk a
little bit about it now
sure sure hey God we're gonna talk about
the first three episodes of stranger
things for a little bit okay so yeah
heads up we are about to talk about the
first three episodes of stranger things
if you haven't seen it yet and plan on
it stop paying attention turn mark
Darmok has only watched the first two
well you know I'm sorry I'm sorry
there's nothing I can do about this this
is this is happening you had you had you
know like two weeks to work much reg
things and we've been talking it up why
didn't you get to about it all this time
rich has been insisting that I watch it
would you say Winona Ryder steals every
scene she steals many of them I don't
know that she steals everyone because I
don't know she steals every scene she
said because everyone in that show is
great everyone on the show is great
except for you know the the cop with the
glasses who's a lot of a lot of times
next to our small-town cop he sucks
he's minor character Mick doesn't do
much though he's minor character Mick
exposition yeah like every once in a
while he'll like pop into the camera
chat off a little back story like
everybody get that back story I gotta go
Wynonna Ryder is great I wouldn't say
she steals every scene
it's just her character is so big and
important that you're drawn to her by
the way champ I get it now
I get it now how did you do you get it
now Winona Ryder steals every scene oh
my god
Wow
when did that happen
for for those who don't know a while ago
one was writer that was like 15 fucking
years ago an owner writers once stole a
t-shirt from a Beverly Hills clothing
store and got arrested for it Jesus is
an old reference right there and I'm
sure everybody constantly brings it up
to her yeah but that shoplifting it's
like something she will never live down
probably yeah why why why did you do
that
Winona Ryder what's going on in your
head Winona Ryder you think I got I got
five million dollars in the bank I can't
I can't spare another 30 only got five
million dollars in the bank jeez Louise
whoa Winona Ryder you chef fuck things
up nah she's fine she's got this acting
job which I'm sure she could come by
very cheaply because you needed to pay
bail money all right so Friends of this
greater things is great I mean what
where do you even start with stranger
things you know the the title sequence
alone if I just if someone would have
just shown me that title sequence I
would have been sold on it it's so cool
spy I watched it yeah that's why I
watched it somebody's you know gonna
mention in the chat and then I
remembered for once when I went home and
I looked at AI Google I met in Google
YouTube
I went to YouTube and I looked up
stranger things yeah first thing it says
title sequence I'm like oh my god that's
perfect
it's so beautiful here's the thing
though yeah what if you're not an 80s
kid
what if you're not a native what if
you're not an 80s kid what do you what
do you make of it why is this do you
watch them and say why is this music
also fucking dated I'd like to think
that even non eighties kids would kind
of get it but I mean that's a good
question rich but the title the the
intro is fine it's it's perfect the the
synth music the score in general is just
always there and always great super
subtle I'll have to do a side-by-side
comparison someday but I get swear to
God some of that music is lifted almost
almost lifted straight from Big Trouble
in Little China it's like a lower key
version I think of the Big Trouble in
Little China like rising action music
yeah yeah
oh really manager reading things in the
game yeah read those things I'm going to
read this huge Agatha says do you have
any thoughts on the Knights of the Old
Republic star wars games from Bioware or
any plans on checking them out no not a
big Star Wars guy I don't really care
hey Jedi's one tells me I need that well
hey Jess you got to play the second one
cuz I said don't think it's truck I've
heard I don't I don't care that much but
Star Wars I don't care enough about Star
Wars and if I've heard the endings also
kind of like bad and incomplete but I
want to set myself up to get kicked in
the nuts what do I want that why do I
want that you probably don't
sorry Genesis here's something in hopes
for more Phoenix right one of these days
many of us do miss it also do you think
you'd stream breath of the wild slash to
a prereq episode slash or play alone
this is zelda news only oh absolutely I
didn't even have a fucking date yeah
that's the real question is do they have
a date it's probably gonna be another
seven years because that's how it works
woods old up they announce it and then
you see it like the next five a threes
so you thought two gathered I got it you
dumb you don't know stranger things no I
know you've only seen the first we have
well it's you know what can you talk
about besides saying like everything
they do is great you know that's well
that's what I'm trying to come up with
is like specific reasons but it's just
the the feel and the tone is so perfect
and and the directors just know what
they're doing and I'd want to talk about
some specific plot kind of things you
haven't seen it all yet so Mike still
can can you talk about anything in the
first three episodes not really cuz one
of my complaints would stranger things
is that it takes so long to get fuckin
started oh you know what and and I
remember you saying that and to me I was
hooked after the first episode the
nostalgia kept me going
I'll admit that look this gives me good
warm feelings of my childhood I was into
the kid next that kept me into it yeah
the kids were great but the story wasn't
developing enough for my taste
early on oh I don't know yeah then
that's the difference between us I was
super into it right from the get-go
yeah just spoke to me I loved the
mystery Oakland shit
love the mystery loved the the the
sci-fi aspect so that's not new man look
all right on me for fuck's sake what I
got like I know like if you see even
like like what do you think of the
monster have you seen much with the
monster I've seen so might be a spoiler
in the third episode you know it's all
shadows in the first couple of episodes
in the third episode the monster breaks
through Winona white writers wall yeah
oh fucking hell fucking hell so the
third episode Winona Ryder is starting
to figure out that her son who's gone
missing can speak to her through the
lights yeah and she does some really
crazy shit that everyone why everyone
thinks it's crazy and and there's this
beautiful sequence of her just stringing
up more and more Christmas lights until
eventually like she can hone in on him
and then she uses that to like draw an
alphabet on the wall and then you know
so her son can speak to her and it's
it's it's just all done so smoothly and
like I I think in a lesser show or in
like a lesser movie you would have to
have like that character there to be
like what's going on I don't understand
Winona Ryder you're gonna have to tell
me what's going on she would then like
exposed I you know it's positive well
what I'm thinking is my son is talking
to me through the lights but the way
they were non verbally communicating her
intentions during I mean for everybody
every character but during that sequence
in in particular was just gorgeous and
then you know it ends with with the son
spelling outrun and the monster comes
through the wall I get a tiny little
glimpse of it and I was like I kind of
liked not seeing it yes yes and I really
hope I don't see any more of it but here
here's the here's the the big horror
movie
question rich it's always more fun to
not see the monster but you have to
escalate the action how do you balance
this is why going with CGI was a mistake
for one you have a show that's banking
on 80s nostalgia they should have had a
rubber fucking monster and you only see
it in fucking shadows when you do see it
like like like take the movie alien like
that's a really fucking awesome monster
in 79 yeah blows out of the airlock and
you can tell it's just like a guy with a
suit with a weird thing on top of his
head uh-huh you didn't notice that
because they shot it in very specific
ways because it was just a fucking guy
in a suit with a rubber thing I remember
one shot I don't even wear with fucking
episode was it's not really a spoiler
but it means you there's a shot of the
monster and range of things and you're
saying it eats it's just eating
something even know what it is and
there's a clearer well-lit shot of the
shoulder and it's like you can make out
like the details or the skin is a little
bit pulsating as it's moving and it's
like what that wouldn't have been
effective is just kind of barely sing
like a silhouette how did you see him
way too much that's no fun yeah you
can't see you can't see them and I'm
just talking about one specific shot
they're not talking about like overall
what they do i I mean angry in general
the less you see the months are the
better but you also have to escalate
things so what's what's a storyteller to
do
have more people died I wouldn't you
know how how do you there's only so long
you can have a creepy shadow monster in
general I don't think you see it that
much okay
no no I'm just talking about general
movies and no you can't have a creepy
shadow monster forever thank you go back
and look at a lot of classic monster
movies that's probably exactly what
happened until the very end
yeah yes until the last shot but I don't
honestly Jack I don't think it's
uncommon I don't think it's that
uncommon to just notch oh yeah I guess
spoilers the monster design is
uninspired I agree I agree I don't think
it's the most interesting monster in
general but I mean it's not it's not
just about the monster you have a lot of
great characters Oh God
they're very good characters and very
good performances all around
stranger things you know you know what I
was thinking you know you know what I
was thinking and the real villain is the
government anyway of course so watching
stranger things made me remember a
critic I had about ghostbusters so we're
not gonna get Ben to ghostbusters
because we said we're not gonna talk
politics tonight God but in in the
original Ghostbusters you're for
ghostbusting characters are all
different levels of intensity and tone
right you got your Egon as like the bass
you know and then and then on the other
spectrum of that you have dan Aykroyd I
forget his character's name at the
moment because I have a terrible memory
right ray nice dance this guy knows you
have Ray is like the excitable puppy dog
right and then you have Venkman
somewhere in between and then you have
and then you have Peter Venkman Egon
Winston Winston then you have you have
Winston as your everyman that kind of
brings it all together and when they're
in a scene together what you get is a
harmony right you get Egon doing his
thing down here you get this Ray doing
his thing up here you get you you get a
you get different voices all singing the
same note at different octaves come
together harmony right unlike the new
Ghostbusters where everyone was shouting
but bringing that back to stranger
things it's the same kind of scene
company composition where like do you
remember the first time the sheriff was
in Winona Ryder's house and she was
going or no it was when he was talking
to her about the phone call and he's
trying to remain very calm things are
bits and Winona Ryder is all over the
place and the other
so just putting in their little their
little notes here and there and the the
older son is there to kind of weaving in
between the scene composition between
the different levels of acting is
masterful every every actor is filling a
space if that makes sense
oh that's that's like already party talk
yeah but I like every scene it's not
like it never feels overcrowded it never
feels hectic it just feels natural we've
seen scene by scene in general are there
too many story threads it's not like
like TV shows typically a story B story
yeah there's a story B story C story D
story there's like four entirely
different movies that are all crammed in
there but I like to me because each
scene is composed so well I don't even
see it like that I just see it as like
like cinema verite just this is their
life you know you have your main thread
I guess l is the main thread right like
who is 11 I'd say it's the mystery of
will where what happened to will cross
across with 11 this is yeah there's two
main threats there's two minute there's
two main threads
that's very much the Stephen King
influence though too much shit there's a
lot but it all works and and in every
scene you get that balance so it all
flows so well so I'd like to me that
doesn't bother me I I get it and I'm up
on everybody's lives and by the way I am
playing devil's under a like stranger
things I have I have critiques of it but
overall yes I liked it quite a bit
oh yeah quite a bit I know there's
nothing wrong with critiquing things you
like yeah well not on the Internet
oh you're right you're right
I forgot that we were on the yeah syn
gate ii says hey guys you just wanted to
thank you for so many hours of laughs
both here and on our LM shows what's the
next game that you're both really
looking forward to also lol fork my
quick work my card nice
I'm skeptical over whether they're gonna
pull it off or not but I'm very curious
about no man Scott yeah I'm really
looking forward to no man skies I think
I think there's a lot of potential there
and I really hope they don't fuck it up
future future J says I work in a high
school with mentally disabled students
and one has started making a happy room
all day a sixteen-year-old that acts
like a three year old reminded me of Ric
Flair and our happy rich Evans good
because I think I I will take that as a
good thing is that a good thing just
this guy you know says am I the only one
getting a bad portal imitation vibe from
the characters in this game favorite
stranger things character I'm a little
partial to the sheriff they're all great
yeah sure is great it's those Winona
Ryder and so were the kids it's a great
I mean to me the show is all Winona
Ryder just because like I said I know
someone who is that by the way I don't I
don't know if he's done that much and
like the first three episodes but the
kid would like the kind of list the
teeth problem Jesus
toothless he's the best he has such a
fuckin level head on him right ya know
the kids work really great together the
shit I mean you know you know who I
really liked and so remember we're first
spoilers for the first three episodes I
loved that little character we got of
the diner owner just we meet him he does
his thing and he's killed off right but
like
good guy yeah he was just there to help
he's a fully fleshed out character in
that little amount of time why did he
have to die I was so pissed when he got
shot and he was a baller that's why they
did it
that's very specifically why they did it
I have more to say about that but I
don't want to get into spoilers yeah
don't get too much in this boy lose
all right um the riddle of Steel says
late again assume I miss plenty of rich
Evans jokes
oh nice or no rich your shirt is really
nice also rubber monsters are better
than CGI I mean that's true everyone
knows that rubber monsters are always
superior to CGI but but you know what
even if it's CGI keep that shit in the
shadows always keep that shit in the
shadows that's rule number one
lowly battle machine 322 rich do you
think the show is about gender issues Oh
God 11 is androgynous her arc revolves
around accepting her appearance she's
punished by going to the closet the
monsters the monsters first victims are
gay oh hey there's no gay stereotypes
there that's true we're the first
victims you got the guy in the lab I
don't know if you can oh no no the kid
well okay and you know the mom goes out
of a way to say like you know maybe the
kids picked on him because he was gay to
call them gay names okay okay and then
the the friend Barbara yeah who might
you know who definitely had like a
special relationship with Nancy and you
know had the short hair you know I'm
serious okay I've never said anything
about it but going by broad-stroke
stereotypes apparently I didn't
say the first to everyone's forgetting
about the the very opening with Eevee
the doctor and the doctor lab guy I'm
like huh do you mean how's he gay I make
a piece about this that's great well
didn't I mean the the real opening is
him sucking that guy's dick you know
what I it's like connection issues and I
ended up missing part of it so I oh I
kept thinking like what a bold way to
open your show dude give it a guy but
Shia blowjob I didn't notice
get out of my junk
yeah get out of my junk there it'll
still be cool man ya really gotta be a
dick why you gotta be a dick good being
dicks you be dick nice what's going on
in this game are you are you loving it
no no I'm not necessarily loving it it's
it's a really you know it's kind of neat
the the whole head thing I do need to
get out there but like beyond that it is
just an incredibly generic Metroid car
you know
not here are you guys shield now I mean
anything see
