Episode 171
Head Games (Headlander Part 2)
August 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSv0vxb0_0k
___________________________________________

oh you got shield now I mean anything
see that yeah I got a shield I've been
getting a little upgrades here and there
I'm just more pissed because I didn't
figure out these this whole satellite
thing until recently and I've already
been tell this room's but I didn't know
I had to like do something
so yeah I guess shit
no like I don't think I like I think
happily quite happily I don't believe
the show really has like then it's going
forward it's just telling us it's it's
just your standard coming-of-age story
you know I wouldn't even call it a
coming-of-age story because a lot of the
prominent characters are middle-aged oh
sure well the writer isn't coming of age
well you know you got you got your kids
adventure you have the whole the the
older daughter kuben in love with Rick
you know discovering her limits
the theme is more like an 80s movie
that's the theme that it's fine that is
it
did I do that one
did that one when is it still there
we're like an 80s movie
you remember 80s movies was a laser
rapid-fire the whole time and I just
didn't know
I mean I'm hitting the yeah all right
I'm just a dumbass then oh no I'm out of
lazy never so there isn't it okay okay
there's like a recharge
Chris stuckman can he can do what he
wants that's fine
that one of the pricks from the
Ghostbusters review not the not the half
of the bag but the like the classic
Ghostbusters review I called these
youtubers pricks and I was joking about
it oh yeah and and editing they make but
pictures up which is something three
youtubers right and one of them is Chris
Tucker okay
apparently he unsub from rlm oh so he
was a little mad I think I've heard it
wasn't recent though it might not have
been because of that more bullshit this
is more bullshit I'm done bullshit rich
isn't feeling the bullshit tonight
people
this is not feeling the bullshit ask
jack what the controls for this game
right Jack what have the controls for
this game sloppy sloppy
I feel loose like even moving my
character it's a cup because it like
there's that little like turn animation
everything feels loose stop everything
feels a like aiming is a bit of a hassle
flying around is fun like just being
ahead that's kind of neat
Oh flying is great actually yeah but I
wish the whole game we're just floating
around as the Hulk yeah but like being a
person it's a little loose and gummy not
coming yeah it's just loose it does not
feel good did I reach i mighta jack do
you carry your 3d s around or is it
mostly at home mostly I don't sometimes
I'll bring it you know here if I think
I'm gonna stream
but you know or if I'm if I'm going on a
trip or if I know I'm going somewhere
where I'll have like 20 minutes of
downtime I'll bring my my 30s and
actually now I'll probably bring my my
Vita because I have a new game for that
I'm gonna play well with that would you
would you consider it good handheld then
what the 3ds oh well it depends on what
game I'm playing look I'm like when I
was playing steamworld heists on the 3ds
yeah I bring that with me but I mean in
general if you're if you can just shove
it your pocket and bring it whatever
wherever it's always on you does that in
some ways make it a bad handheld
absolutely the 3d s is too big just to
bring me yeah so now they're gonna make
a bigger one but by the solution this
it's and that's the same with the Vita
though the Vita is also too big and too
unwieldy just to bring with me I need to
pre-plan yeah you know the only gaming
system I have on me at all times is my
phone so
whenever we're seeing the beginning of
the end with this NX Nintendo is here
doing pretty well with this whole
Pokemon go thing did you how much does
the developer getting like and it's a
free-to-play game right yeah but they're
still the they are earning 6 million a
day what percentage does the curie i
think the developer gets the bulk of it
and then no gets it very little bit of
it because i'll really all they did was
give them the character license yeah did
you hear the funny thing about nintendo
stock what the day after pokemon go came
out it was a huge success their stock
went through yeah and then two days
later when all the investor real
investors realize nintendo didn't make
the game their stock plummeted they also
really like it's still like above where
it was initially but like it spiked up
and then came right back down once
investors realize that they didn't make
the game I think it's great damn that's
great
but hey what are you gonna do what are
you gonna do nothing so so that's the
the real question is let's say let's say
you're a person who rides the bus all
the time right public transportation all
the time you want to bring something
with you to play in the bus yeah you're
playing your phone game you're playing
your phone game maybe you have a 3ds
which is still giant maybe you have a
Vita do you want
are you comfortable bringing a laptop
computer on the bus because I think
that's how big the NX is going to be
it's going to be as big as this screen
I'm sure there's gonna be a failure as a
handheld absolutely the question is what
are they gonna discontinue the 3d s4 and
it's like the 3ds I if I had to choose a
handheld to bring with me everywhere it
would be the 3ds you know what it holds
I don't I don't understand intend oh I
don't know a lot of the things they do
just just makes me say what what the
fuck are you thinking and yet they still
have a fuckload of money well yeah it's
the weirdest thing is it all it's all
been handheld all their money their
money surpluses right
and this Alban thanks to Pokemon and
handhelds oh yeah that's where that's
where most of their money comes from so
could this be the end of that no they'll
always make Pokemon well maybe not
always I don't know they're gonna
release a flop handheld in a world where
cellphones are taking over her handheld
gaming and this is gonna be all that
that no that will end
there was an incentive actually worth
more than so many at this point that
Sony has done bad enough that's a good
quick no sony's doing pretty good i mean
in the video game field there they've
been failing everywhere I've heard that
everything else has been failing so hard
that Nintendo as a company is there
their stock value and another stock move
it's just the stock value or just in
general they're supposedly much better
off than Sonia's in general I believe
I'd absolutely believe that I would
absolutely believe that
how many years until Nintendo releases
for PC when they're on their death
throes
yeah look at this yeah I got is upgraded
so now I can headbutt another robot and
put my head on them that's funny okay
it'll be when when intento starts going
down the road Sega has gone down the Wii
the Wii U has been a pretty big flop yep
for a Nintendo yeah their handheld has
giving them a nice cushy crutch so
they've been fine here's what I'm gonna
say mmm if they have another console
flop that's when they'll start that's
when they started porting a pc how much
how much mine do they have in the bank
though they could I think they can
probably absorb another console flop but
then one try again they don't seem to
learn very well I'm not kidding I think
you give them one more console flop and
then just to get a little more extra
money in the bank they'll start putting
out stuff on TC I'm gonna say three more
console flops three more three more
console flops and about 15 years Wow
that's a
that's a lot that's right they won't go
into the handheld has gimmicks that
don't work which is right about now in
my estimation they're hurt Nintendo has
for the last twenty years twenty fifteen
years had consoles that ultimately
didn't do that long and only was doing
really good at first and lost in the end
right over yeah no I mean we did
incredible numbers every everyone owned
a weed even people who didn't care about
games on a weed we did incredible they
bought at these Wii Sports do they ever
buy any other games from winner yeah but
remember Nintendo unlike other gaming
maybe pop it on the console exactly I'm
gonna build you know you know yeah
but like the Gamecube underperformed
Gamecube underperformed I'm gonna fine
system how did the n64 fair cuz that
came out well did good at first but then
then the PlayStation like kill it
immediately or like heard it immediately
very badly they quickly supplanted
Nintendo I don't know the n64 was
anywhere near as successful as the ness
or the Super Nintendo was pretty
successful some look up the numbers
alright alright I think I think in 64
dude when I'm I'm biased because I think
every game on it was an ugly piece of
fucking shit no I have I I have I'm
trying to think what which Nintendo
consoles were flops the Gamecube was
kind of a she was kind of a flop then I
think I think the Gamecube was a mild
one come we giant huge success yep
Wii U huge flop okay cuz you know I mean
you're crossing your are you are you
fucked by it by merging the console with
a hand home are they fixing their their
troubled console market or they gonna
drag down their handholds that's a
question right that's the question
okay right and and the the real question
is are they going to ship
are they going to discontinue hand held
before the attacks well what's the
dumbest thing they could do yes then yes
they will you think hey do some things
that baffle you they do they do do some
things that baffle me ed but is Opie
we is like the avatar of video game
consoles Oh everyone wants to go see it
yeah everybody went to go see it who
said that
yeah scroll up at Miss Perfect
that was Darmok Darmok perfect analogy
ironic that somebody called dharma would
say something so easily understandable
and relatable right a lot of people will
Chad have no idea what the fuck I'm
talking about you mean the best TNG
episode ever
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra that species
deserves to die out deserve it fine
that's fine
they're like a fucking idiotic language
it's amazing they figured out how to rub
two sticks together oh it's by the way
like it's it's one of those it's one of
those alien races that once you start
applying any sort of logic to it
completely breaks apart but it's a fun
episode really fun
we you when the sales fell it's like I
love reference
I bein xizt double-0 let's put it this
way
I had a Wii U for two months and then
sold it and mice and my story is common
I'll keep it around for the No More
Heroes games actually no I can use this
in the Wii U controller and make sure to
keep a copy of your Wemo yeah yeah yeah
yeah as soon as I got the Wii U I got
what I mean by other galaxy games I had
my we up until we got the Wii U like we
just you know we'd have it around yeah
didn't play much yes Nintendo's problems
always been third party games total
missing misanthropy yeah I don't know I
got him yeah
they're little steel says sorry rich I
think I tune in too much to the like and
I'm terrible with words acerbic dickish
comedy of best of the worst a service
right right how do you say I've seen
that word I've read that word a bunch of
times but I've never heard of pronounce
I don't think then you've heard it they
were seeing it pronounced more than I
have you can't see something pronounced
then forget you're a real person with a
fiancee and Ghostbusters shirts and
stroller computer children that's right
our other child will be reborn
Tomic mousetrap says nonsense rich every
decision Nintendo makes is a good one
such as the Virtual Boy Classic
classic virtual boy beyond infinite says
a right-handed fellow named rich in
writing right always wrote right WRI T
even sometimes just RIT where he meant
to write right if he'd written right
Rick okay now I get it now I get it was
sad to explain that one and I get the
whole thing there's more of the same
right rich would not have wrought not
writing right I love you guys let me
know now that I know it was a bit and
I'm gonna do it all uninterrupted okay a
right-handed fellow named rich in
writing right always wrote right where
he meant to write right if he'd written
right rich would not have Roth not
writing right I love you guys synonyms
the net synonyms let's sound alike
that's it right no wait what spelled
differently spelled differently sound
away no that's synonyms same meaning
yeah yeah what's what is the word I'm
looking for
it's got a name yeah I can't think of
where it is because I'm gonna dumbass I
don't wanna pee no that's that's like
boom boom oh that's right how many many
Thank You Chad how many MS I'm gonna be
I'm gonna having a having a having a
Hammond Hammond Hammond I'm so happy you
were able to get through that without
fucking up rich
just this guy you know says PS to 155
million Oh Nintendo DS 154 million
that's pretty good Game Boy Color 118
million PlayStation PSX 102 million the
Wii 101 million Xbox the Xbox 360
specifically 84 million ok so it was n64
in there
not yet there deserve these are ranked
like highest to lowest - oh so what was
the highest uh ps2 which right makes
perfect sense to be hundred fifty five
million
oh sorry I didn't know these were ranks
yeah these are right here go through
again number one the ps2 155 million
yeah number two the Nintendo DS 154
million okay number three the Game Boy
Color 118 movie number four PSX 102
million 102 PSX the Wii is fifth it's
under you know a lot of hands that
Nintendo came out with two Playstations
at a hundred and one million okay then
the Xbox 360 and number six with 84
million it's pretty big drop off kind of
surprised I thought there's a more 360
well you know what as we as we get older
in the years PC started playing a part
in this consoles are dying out yeah
yes they are yeah of course there
everyone knows that you know I don't
care because I'm a PC guy but seeing it
and writing here is kind of interesting
they have six here twice probably
because they're so close but one number
is clearly higher than the other could
just be a misprint ps3 at 83 million
which I love I like the ps3 more than
the Xbox cuz the Xbox 360 was a poorly
engineered piece of crap that would
break down constantly but I'm shocked
that it's that close
PSP at number seven with 82 million
which is we know it send me the PSP sold
more than
the Nintendo 64 that is now we need to
double check all gays yeah
number eight Game Boy Advance 81 million
see I can't believe that Game Boy
Advance under the PSP and this is just
how many were produced and not sold but
a warehouse out there full of PSPs it's
the only way that makes sense to me
number nine the any acid 61 million
number 10 3d s 59 million so you got a
big drop-off there with the handhelds
don't ya
yes 154 million the 3ds 59 it's almost
it's difference of a hundred million I
think people still haven't via their DSS
I think they made the DST so are they
still making games for them and if
they're not then doesn't matter if
they're still using the D s they're not
buying the new shit and then does make
it right which is a company's going to
hurt them then snez 49 million ps4 40
million n64 32 million Wii U 13 million
I don't see Xbox one even listed on here
it's on 12/12/12
what did the Xbox one assault chap I'm
very curious to hear that now ps4 forty
million I mean that's a lot lower the
ps3 but what is it about like two thirds
through its life when I'm talking
already talking about new ones already
there they're brand new yeah Darmok
skilling it tonight yeah
Darmok says 12 units 12 individual units
on the Xbox one that's what he said oh
that was my joke I thought you meant 12
million because the the the Wii U was 13
million
I don't know you I don't know you mented
that yeah we know then it's my fault for
doing council's are dying consoles might
be dead already rich
I can't even say they're being replaced
with the PC they're being replaced with
cell phones everything's gonna be an
annoying fucking punch game from here on
out
welcome to the dark dystopian future of
gaming everybody everyone having a great
time now Jack I'm sorry for not touching
on what you were pitching I'm sorry so I
whipped is what happened
no I didn't I did a bad job of telling
the joke you know gender not present
oh I guess
okay um where we have the off switch
says I've paid for a car enough time
four times now as long as they have as
long as they have ways to push their
classic games then they will likely
never go bust it's also until those
nostalgia junkie eighty kids died at
least hey we're gonna older matter time
matter of time obviously we won't live
to see it because you know by the very
nature of that we'll be dead right
eighties kid can't live off see the 80s
kids die off fisted but dope smoke says
my dad loves the Wii U because he can
play football on the toilet PC
master-race I just packed a bowl from
cleaning out my keyboard tray lol fuck
my cock congratulations I mean first of
all you're a really messy weed user yeah
or like was packing a ball your reward
for cleaning out your keyboard tray or
in packing previous there's two options
here it's just dusty and he dusted it
and he did a little work and as a treat
now I'm gonna have some marijuana smoke
or maybe maybe his keyboard was filled
with like some kind of like dust or
residue from laxatives and the bowl he
filled was his toilet there are three
options there are three options okay
you know going back to 80s kids dying
yeah doesn't stranger things make you
feel old isn't it really good at making
you feel no I don't know look at when
they use like this giant kind of
wall-mounted phones yeah everything and
Winona Ryder alone you're he's very
remember beetlejuice I do when she was
she was barely in adults ah she was
playing a teenage kid right and now now
here she is playing a middle-aged mom of
a teenager I I guess I don't see the
problem with it people get older it's
not a problem it just makes me feel it
it makes me feel my age there's a puzzle
here there's a puzzle here I don't
necessarily know what to do about it
did you try every different type of body
another different type of yeah so like
this is a gender bathroom later this is
a girl bathroom mm-hmm right
and so all these are girl bodies but he
like this one has a skirt yep I go here
gender networking list but then you can
make a head pop out of this head thing
yeah but I can't I can just pick it up
you know like you just go over there
with the head this is what happens just
a guy's body
tried just bringing the heads what
happens right
because it gives you a head oh I thought
it did that someone said you took the
male head if you tried that earlier Oh
oopsie
humph jay baer says would you guys ever
do a stranger things boiler stream yes
yes jack is not seated yet we probably
we most likely her no we will first like
it that's just it we're going to do a
stranger pass stranger little stranger
things spoilers stream I just need to
finish watching it yep and you know it's
only been out what a couple weeks so
probably by this by next week Wednesday
I will have seen it all I mean how many
apples are there eight eight okay
so by this time next week I will have
seen them all so next week Wednesday
we'll give you guys a full week to watch
all of stranger things
cool any thoughts on kung fury or turbo
kit I like turbo kid too haven't seen
kung fury I know Jay seen both he wasn't
that fond of kung fury but he loves the
shit out of turbo kid turbo kicks grain
yeah
turbo kid is amazing turbo kid is
amazing I've seen kung fury and what's
the complaint cuz I haven't seen it it
lacks any sort of subtlety and that's
kind of a chick like for example you
know so it stars a cop who's so good at
kung fu that that's his super powers
it's all shot on green-screen so it's a
very flat action and then it's just like
hyper it's so like hyper crazy that it's
gotta be funny right like the bad guy
Punk's put a skateboard under a cop car
and then like kick the skateboard and
the cop card like goes into the air and
does a bunch of flips and then they
shoot it with like a TS million machine
guns and it blows up it's just over the
top it's so over the top that the joke
wears thin really fast it's not like Oh
moshing to anything crazy it's just
crazy
okay so I can't speak I'm on here have
you seen it so much but I dunno any one
of the chat if you haven't seen turbo
kid turbo kid is great okay it's great
Lord Beaumont says the 1980s seem like
new 19th seem like the new 1950s for
nostalgia you're not old rich you're
only in your 30s
that's cringy when young people say they
are old especially teenagers I'm on my
fucking blade there I'm getting there
I'm getting there
now it's old
you're only as old as you feel and I
feel very old so I'm about 80 there you
go
I'd say no mentally I'm like I'm 67
mentally mentally here 67 yep
I like it
oh not fast enough I get it I just got
on
that's an oddly specific mental age
that's why I chose it like 5 or 0 it's a
bit too on the nose too
but when you when you get me to say 67 I
think it's funnier because it's because
it's specific because that's truth to it
because it makes it think that you've
been thinking yeah yeah it makes it it
makes it seem like you've been thinking
about it
turtle the wise says yeah real question
real question
Oh possibly a buddy had his wife abscond
with their kid moved to another state is
filing for separation and won't talk to
him should I inform him that that is
technically kidnapping or shut up that
sucks you know what it kind of depends
on what he wants to do with it you know
if he if he wants to get if he wants to
get a shit bag yeah then inform them
hey yes it sounds like a messy situation
yeah you can tell him that's technically
kidnapping but is it I don't I don't
know
at what point is it kidnapping yeah I
mean you know you you it's it's you need
parental both parents though yeah but
one you know you should be able to see
his kids abused if he is still the
parent he should be and it's not it
hasn't been like legally I know that is
legally like criminal yet until the
court says no you have to have
visitations then at that point well are
they divorced this is sound like this
what is it
doesn't sound like it's official yet
right it's filing for separation oh yeah
then he can still see it yes the answer
to that question is consult your
attorney space Jack 2084 that is the
proper answer to the question that's why
they make shitload of money
yep come over here for some reason
little Archon rich and Jack you guys are
given a certificate to eat at any
restaurant that you want and can bring
anyone with you where would you go eat
it'd have to be a fucking expensive
fucking restaurant but I'm a simple man
I just want to go to el fuego get their
fucking shimmy Chagas look a whole gang
can come with
I mean el Fuegos great if I goes a fine
Mexican restaurant there's no expensive
food that I want one there are better
Mexican restaurants in the Oh el fuego
is it's like those fucking great it's
fine it's fucking great you have maybe
has not really fucking maybe you've
never had like good Mexican food el
fuego is fine but you know you could go
to Moe's downtown and have one of their
like 25 year aged steak tenderloin
pieces that will people that will melt
like butter like you get it cooked just
rare enough and your knife you just
place your knife on it and it'll melt
like butter it's steak that won't kill
you so good
does anyone you hate own a restaurant
anyone I hate yeah
oh maybe why actually a certificate to
eat at any restaurant so I'm assuming
you know we don't have to pay and you
can bring anyone right we pick person
who we hate we go to their restaurant
the most expensive thing on the menu and
we invite everybody in the chat oh now
we're talking I'm on it I'm on the
trolley now mm-hmm
I like it I'm down I do know someone
owns a restaurant that I don't like
which is learned too much from that
revenge video French is always on my
mind always I've not I've not seen The
Killing Joke yet isn't available online
I assume I don't know if it's available
to rent online I wouldn't see it unless
it was very low rent everyone tells me
it's fucking terrible that's all I've
heard all I've heard is terrible
terrible things does mark hamill do a
good job in the scenes he has to do a
good job
yeah I did that but I did that look I'd
like not to pirate him Oh
caboose is what he's saying sorry I it
sounded like he was saying you can make
it through there if you boost but he was
saying caboose very different seven of
Borgnine says rich and Jack yes
I just watched day of the dead for the
first time and it was great and quite
gory what was the last movie that
disturbed you either viscerally or
mentally it's all order I know there's
been something that's disturbed me my
brain my brains not working I have been
disturbed by movies before actually way
back in the day when I was a kid yeah
just plain old Night of the Living Dead
freaked me out no I'm dead serious it's
not a joke
then movie scared the SH ugh the concept
scared the shit out of me really
yes nowhere nowhere to to fucking run
Jack you're you're left with boring
yourself in a house which is siege
warfare and eventually either you're
gonna starve to death or those zombies
and those like creepy walking corpses
yeah most disturbing thing in the world
to me
they are the George Romero zombies are
like the perfect embodiment of death and
eventually they're gonna break down your
door and they're gonna slowly eat you
alive
it's horrible and you can't run because
they're everywhere you are fucked
you know George Romero zombie movies
true that's true that's absolutely true
rich know that the perfect embodiment of
death Romero zombie yeah they're great
they're inevitable they're everywhere
you can't run from them you can delay
them for a time but eventually they will
get you and you will be one of them you
will be dead it's perfect it's perfect I
agree
favorite of the Romero trilogy
why are you coding you cutting the
remake because he did that too didn't he
also do the remake Romero and he have
somebody else directed form what night
oolitic done there was a remake in the
eighties oh yeah I think he did that one
I remember that not being bad I'd have
to rewatch that dawn is really fucking
good though hum Savini directed the rear
leg ok ok that makes sense 91 ok yeah
for my exposure to those those zombie
movies when I was a kid I want to say
months to a year I couldn't go to bed
without making sure not only that my
door was locked but that the all the
doors and the house were locked and also
the windows that's that's powerful
intellectually I knew it was just a
movie but emotionally I couldn't deal
with it sure
new news
I have no interest in streaming vampires
The Masquerade anything a bunch of bunch
of whiney emo shit I'm great
got the emo too serious crap sounds like
a great game
fuck and rice and everything she stands
for you know she was like zombie porn
and now she's a Christian author like
her first books were like
the true and then the two zombie dudes
who had totally six-packs just hugged
each other and made out for a little bit
yeah now she's like a Christian author
and now and now the sexy the sexy
vampires they took the lady unwillingly
yeah she's crazy
Damien oh she's crazy she's not
Christian ting anymore
Oh a sheen huntin she was for a while
though I'm a member that I'm a member
when she was all christening
and I was younger I thought I liked
vampires because I was really fond of
moving near dirt okay that was a great
take on vampires was until I got older
and I realized that the popular vision
of vampires that kind of got the
nonsense that I completely lost interest
you ever watched a dark near dark no
that's great that's great
he gets bitten they make him a vampire
but they're kind of like AAB they're not
really like romantic vampires they're
just kind of like drifters almost nomads
and he doesn't want to kill people I've
heard of this I've heard of near dark
the others you know they've been doing
it so long they don't give a shit
anymore he doesn't want to he doesn't
want to kill someone your dark is great
oh okay I've heard of this before I
think the ending is terrible not
everything until you he's cured by a
blood transfusion don't fucking spoil it
because it's so it's so goddamn stupid
I'm gonna spoil it
Wow yeah
are the lost boys even know I would lump
that in like the same that's the same
watch that around the time I sudden your
jar for the first time that's what I
thought I'd like vampires
Oh Lost Boys is great your dark is great
vampires a cool interview with a vampire
Oh Frank Fright Night get Fright Night
and Lost Boys and near dart and then
Android is that all any race came in and
it all went to fuckin home and then oh
and then the boys the boys they looked
and they were handsome the boys were so
handsome
sorry Jensen's I kind of want to play
into crumpled us with Jack again ah I'm
okay with that
how close were you to winning the whole
fucking game I haven't play in that for
him he made it really far we made it
very far I have no idea how close we
were but we made it
I feel like we made a good long way does
rich mean Stephanie Meyer no no she
didn't help which one I see the Twilight
she didn't help pump chamber says the
bug scene in Peter Jackson's King Kong
is quite disturbing the hopelessness as
they get overwhelmed and the lack of
some freaked me out in the cinema you
know what's gonna happen it's gonna be
tomorrow afternoon and I'm gonna think
of something and a movie that really
disturbed me I'm like oh god damn it why
didn't I think of that then it's gonna
happen
yeah and it's just how you know you see
so many it's hard for me to put a finger
on any one particular thing that really
disturbed me sure there's a ton of stuff
at the time Jack what font are we using
for the stream graphics probably
Helvetica new Helvetica new in the black
configuration which is very thick chunky
but I that's just a fun that I use often
because it's clean and easy to read but
I have no idea if that's actually
and it's just a font i use i know you
guys complain about the font and so like
originally i was using a different font
and I got to do one cuz you guys didn't
like that one
so that's my story have f56 seen from
the blob riemeck I don't specifically
remember that particular scene the blob
is another horrifying concept oh yeah
maybe I should rephrase the question
says young bubbles young when bubbies
since you guys are hack frauds how much
of a tip do you require to stream
vampire the masquerade bloodlines I'm
not interested in the game uh-huh
it's it's not an extortion thing I'm not
simply not interested
I've never been much of a role-playing
game guy and I find vampires obnoxious
I think that's fair it's Farage wouldn't
it
would you do it for 1,000 I would do it
for 2,000 cuz I have to split that shit
with Jack
tell Noah it's fine
what if I don't want to do it either I'm
gonna pull Rico and then once they
donate the mm one of these one at this
time it is not right to play vampire the
masquerade
crazy right you're bringing up just be a
being crazy town don't say one more
thing but well Matt we're not gonna
discuss it
oh god we're not gonna discuss this I'm
just gonna bring this up captain a pic
of saying the official Ghostbusters
Twitter account just endorsed Hillary
Clinton because that situation wasn't
unnecessarily political enough you know
what that's fair yeah that's true yeah I
guess here's the thing is anyone
surprised by this no did they need to do
that now you know that's that's just one
of those things where it's like if if
the individual actresses producers
directors wanted to do that like that's
where you do it if I make any like I
made a political joke this morning on
Twitter and you know what I did it on my
Twitter account I wouldn't do it on
previously recorded Twitter account you
know that's I don't bring I try not to
bring that shit in here but if like the
actresses want to do
so when we gonna do
but yeah that's funny I agree that's
funny
so how is the game yeah yeah that's how
I felt when I was flying why should why
I kind of threw the controller to you
and didn't really look back do you want
to switch for a while are you boy are
you bored I mean oh I mean I'm bored but
I can do it in talk and yeah are you are
you bored enough to want to just put
something else and we'll see what we can
do alright you know what like this is a
game that I can play and talk at the
same time okay if you want to play and
talk at the same time you you seem to
have a little I don't want to be unfair
to you that's what I'm saying oh no no
it's fine
where do I go what are we and that
that's sad when you're offering to play
the game it'd be nice well you don't
have to play this game you can play no
you can play no please you play it you
know please you need to play this like
oh yeah yeah yeah I mean it's just not
it's it's there's nothing terribly
engaging about the game this game is
actually clever and funny if you were
paying attention sure I'm not shocked
because Tim Schafer is clever and funny
yeah once again once you divorce story
from the game what do you got you got
it's starting to make up for a lot maybe
a dozen this case good good
it could you know I don't care how
adorable the story is those is kinda
boring yeah playing it without paying
attention to the story I was kinda like
yeah yeah but I know I don't doubt
there's a lot of clever shit going on
oh sure so Tim Schafer is good at that I
know everyone hates him now because
politics but man did brutal legend which
I like I think it's flawed I think it's
not finished I think there's a third of
a brutal legend that that needs to be
made it never was made huh yeah I'd I
never played for the legend cuz you know
it's a real-time strategy game it's
missing a third act and
I'm not just story-wise gonna mean like
a large chunk of the game this tutorial
on the by the time he started actually
using the mechanics it's over oh it's a
single-player experience yeah oh he also
made a beforehand I go to wish clever
funny yeah you know what even even I
forgot the name of it the Double Fine
adventure game whatever the whatever the
fuckin skull it was cute you know I
didn't like it you buy those cute what
does that game called good punch the
Double Fine adventure game oh uh oh god
oh my god don't look I'm not looking at
the chapter I'm not looking at the chat
oh my god between gone home no wasn't
gone home that's something else it was -
don't let go chat so exam broken age
whoa Jesus
right Jesus by the way that is exactly
how memorable that game was fuck man
well yeah was what it said it was gonna
be I can't fault him for that
I'm still waiting very soon I'm gonna
get the because I was a backer for that
very soon I'm going to get the the DVD
of all the behind-the-scenes stuff which
is which was worth like I got to watch
most of it already anyway but that was
worth backing him along the story of
them making that game was way better
than the game kind of like kind of Girl
Interrupted when that DVD is worth it
for the making home you know I'd feel
bad if we just sold the movie nonnamous
says you guys be at pony con New York
City next year no unequivocally no the
right word
definitely no fuck no
yes I'm silly y'all a bunch of sillies
what happened during the making gorillas
interrupting for anybody who doesn't
know you a couple years ago a few years
ago we released him
we sold the DVD in the movie we made
that when we were like college age
well well before rlm was a thing it was
one of the one of the first things that
me Mike and Jay kind of collaborated on
and basically it was a feature-length
film that we made in literally a week
literally a week and you know obviously
the end result is terrible because we
made it in a week but when we when we
released the DVD of it we also made a
huge documentary called how not to make
a movie yes and I think that's
interesting stuff but yeah that's a fun
watch that's fun watch I'm not to make a
movie I have gotten myself
we have not had a vote on the layout no
because everyone seems to be cool with
it no no no I haven't heard a lot of
haven't heard a lot of talking about it
never heard I haven't everywhere like if
we're gonna do a vote on it there's got
to be three options right uh-huh like it
hate it or it doesn't matter either way
that's that's my okay right okay because
I have a feeling that a large majority
of the people are really just gonna say
I don't really care what about needs
work you've got a fourth one event rules
were Lord
sound of barb 9 says rich you were right
and Jay was wrong about max having a
change of heart and road warrior he only
goes back to town because he had no
choice he is a badass but isn't that an
altruistic person yes fully agree road
warrior is not about Redemption they're
not there yet you know you don't get
that until til fury road I mean and mom
Beyond Thunderdome if you hate Beyond
Thunderdome they also kind of did it and
fury road you just replace that movie
then you have a whole character earned
for max
yeah they're putting the straw poll on
today what it's the straw poll gonna let
him put it up put up okay it's let you
know what's happened let them do it
let him do what they're gonna do rich
you let him do what they're gonna do
they're gonna put it up and put it up
you guys have favorite film scores
I've favorite game scores do you have
any favorite film scores it's not
necessarily memorable on its own but
it's highly effective as a score the
Ghostbusters score not the theme song
the score the Elmer Bernstein score does
not get anywhere near enough love
interesting yeah it evokes a classic
comedy without while still being a
little bit a little bit creepy but not
not really creepy in places Ghostbusters
score doesn't draw attention to itself
it's just perfect for the film anything
by John Carpenter the man knows how to
do an effective score
Jax you have any thoughts on that foam
scores no no that's fine that's fine
that's fine you don't have to good good
you know we're you know I'm just gonna
say like Jurassic Park you know where
it's like that's that's an easy one well
nothing that I can really think of what
rlm continue rich every to you or Mike
retired I think he could throw J in
there too Jackie will go on without jack
I think that's safe to say
it does go on top three three three rec
would not know listen I'm here like like
a quarter of the time I think it would
go on without me it wouldn't go on yeah
it would limp on yeah yeah I'm not sure
how well we do without Michael J though
basically we're the expendable ones I'm
the expendable one I like it would it
would like like I said without you it
would limp on I don't know how far
they'd make it without you
yes I am the mascot that's why it would
be able to go on without me without our
LM rich would be a worse experience
thank you they said about love you think
you would be like without me I would be
a lesser yeah rich is a funnier
character than we've had before I've
never never heard that one oh my god
that's new material oh god we had these
things going on Chad the clever
creativity I'm always amazed by the
creativity of her fan base Jesus Christ
our comments sections are so depressing
careful you guys you're gonna pull a
muscle with all this sarcasm
what we go out of a way to put out you
know clever original shit and in the
comment section just repeat things we
said five years ago it's great it's
great I love it
it's good to show contempt for your
audience I still love you guys but
seriously you got to get new material
and now what's going on in the chat is
it's really predictable the same memes
yeah I want you to shack me there it is
yeah I'm surprised that one stuck around
yeah not saying anything negative about
it just yeah
just surprised
we're usually surprised
we usually surprised by white stakes
like I don't think anyone expected
what's what's wrong with your face
to catch on right yeah that's a there's
there's usually some wine that we didn't
think would hit big that is like
repeated well I think that's what
surprised me most about juicy check me
where it's like that was you got you
know Mike was trying to do something
like I thought plate was the funniest
fuckin thing in the world
plate for best of the worst episode
where the is this this post-apocalyptic
gang they capture this girl and they tie
her up yeah
and they read Shakespeare to her they
forced her to read Shakespeare and I
said oh no she's been plated oh yeah
everyone in the room I guess it wasn't I
guess you weren't there that everyone in
the room
thought it was the funniest fucking
thing in the world including me and I
said in that's really kind of pathetic
and it never really been quoted never
really been caught it was in the episode
you know my old reaction
you hear that everyone you want to make
riches they make play papen yeah it's
fine like forgot what the movie was but
somebody said something that sounded
like dr. mayonnaise the characters like
his name is dr. mayonnaise yeah I
thought that was hysterical
I a hint but somebody should change
their username dr. mayonnaise and you
know that whatever so came out nobody
cared about that one nobody fucking
cared about that line so a lot of the
times it's not the Lions we think yeah
we're gonna land that land that's true
you're speaking truth rich
yes I'm fond of SCO's to myself this is
the chick that goes to spine
oh we got here I don't know I don't know
right you don't whatever you're done you
can be done okay
Kirkland says hey rich
just finished watching stranger things
just a quick just a quick tip do they Q
and J for pushing me into it I probably
would have not seen it without a glowing
recommendation from you guys you're
welcome why do you join it
fuck ya nonnamous is rich rich you are -
r LM what the Fonzie is - happy days
that's true
Fuzzy's way too cool I know I think you
see yourself as a mascot but you're this
beat your spirit animal I am more like
what Kramer was the Seinfeld I think
that's an honest assessment I don't know
about that potato potato
Fonzie Fonzie and Kramer potato potato
Ridge that's what I'm saying
I'm so fucking done with this game okay
we're done with this game okay great I'm
bored I'm bored I'm bored
you had to their lips and you have to
find locks or whatever I'm done okay
that's that's fine by me Jacky's Poochie
yeah probably piu Poochie
yeah probably calling it a night yeah
yeah sorry Chan I don't have any um I
don't have any room for steam friends
I'm sorry but if I make some room I will
look for your name when I make some
reminders anymore work hard I'll go
through and call my friend list like you
did about which calling my steam
friendless oh I'll go see who hasn't
been on in like you know a year yeah
start making some guts yeah I did that
and apparently one of the ones like cold
wasn't one that had abandoned steam I
sometimes they have like no information
I just assumed that meant they hadn't
been on for a really long time that
might just be I guess when you have like
information blog or something I don't
know but I called somebody and like like
10 minutes later I got a chat thing why
did you drop me as a friend like oh I'm
sorry I don't know I've been just
calling people Beefcake says according
to the straw poll it's mad don't care
mad don't care madam okay that's great
that's what I figured it would be this
is the only something that I felt
strongly about they they say mad okay
great great
rich add me on Facebook nope people
tried and I'm not being rude but uh
Facebook I strictly used to keep in
touch with with family closer and
friends yeah yeah absolutely you got a
hat you got to have your cut-offs like
I've you know like people I went to high
school with yeah I kind of do them in
high school and then I even stopped
doing that because I just don't give a
fuck what they're doing oh my god I'm
saying I'm sick of seeing posts from
this jerk I haven't talked to in 20
years I'll get a shovel their daughter
yeah that's the real thing it's like if
I cared about you and I'd still be
hanging out with you see I still see
people from high school but like those
are my friends yeah that's why I don't
give a shit about my high school reunion
yeah anybody anybody in high school if
you're in high school and I'm something
most four users aren't I'm men even sure
what the demographics are anymore it's
fine but they're like us the people
you're really truly good friends with
you're gonna keep in touch with them oh
yeah you don't need you don't need to
know face face books no snapchats you
don't need to know no no nothing what if
I if I accept that everyone is my
facebook friend like like it post by my
dad that I might want to read we'll get
buried under 490 other people's posts
there if I let everybody in that would
be madness madness I will look into that
people people thank you all right you
start reading names what's going on oh
sure
what oh oh you looking for some our
prereq level looks a little you oh I'm
pointing to it but you see they think
our prereq logo looks a little jagged II
and I tried to fix that but it's just
the way that the the stroke works in
Photoshop and so they were giving me
some hints to get rid of the jail
oh okay but it's mostly fine
sure let's see what we have here we have
space Allen super cocaine who says is
this the Highlander in space no no no
this is not Oh cuz their heads are
getting removed they get it oh I didn't
get that yeah I get it
so yeah yes it is pizza tray at 11:00 18
months in a row the off switch ex Mensa
25 months in a row and I'm assuming they
sub girlier in the stream because it's
near the top of the list yeah yeah we
only just recently talked about Fonzie
right yeah this communist a some psychic
shit going on there expensive or expense
it really is x-men so he left menses
because he was too smart for med saw and
he knew we were going to be talking
about happy days yeah he or she I got
whatever loner are Chung 23 fucking
months in a row and loners and says look
up space bass df9 and see why we
distrust double five I get it I know I
know
no and you know what this was an
acceptable game I just didn't think it
was like that's all it was I know they
face base weight we know about the drama
boy space beans I know about the drama's
of space space I also know a lot of the
hates he gets is because of some kind of
sjw thing I think I think so
Jesus Christ that labels and I don't
know why what I want to get into shit
like that we're not getting into it yeah
yeah not getting into it he sees funny I
still think he's funny he we in this one
we flew a rocket ship that looked like a
wiener in balls that was great well
there might be clever dialogue and shit
that I didn't hear because we weren't
paying any attention to that
to be fair no nothing no no to be fair
but we had it we knew we were being kind
of bored by the game though I think
that's also fair yeah
Swedish a I
Lando was taken 22 fucking months in a
row Misner 119 months in a row I can't
think of anything to put here so I'll
just leave it blank
that's probably for sokka's suckas six
six six six four twenty six six six six
six fucking months in a row Satanist Abe
a Michele 87 23 fucking months in a row
she says 23 months goes by so fast so
fast so fast The Great Escape Artist
welcome
hello gorath that's an interesting name
hello gorath I like it
maybe it's HAP log Oh Rath like a log
that's that's hateful a log of Wrath a
log Oh wrath their first name is HAP
drummer film guy welcome the Ox from
Arizona and welcome to you too veggies
64 who says I open the stream and first
thing I hear is about dick sucking this
is why I subscribe reminder what your
stranger things
that's bizarrely that's what what
inspired that oh yeah listen next
Wednesday is the stranger things super
spoiler discussion so watch it by next
Wednesday you have been warned I'm
curious if anybody who watches our
streams is not an 80s kid if you're
older if you're a younger person I'm
very curious what you would have to say
about stranger things once you take the
nostalgia factor out of strangers
feelings like if you are what is the
reaction if you are a twenty-something
yeah what is your reaction to stranger
things
very curious about that pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom where we
have I don't know be an infinite yeah
okay you were beyond infinite I just got
on and yes Jack referred to oral sex I'm
glad you guys like that I think are they
seeing those comments
no how do they oh yeah these show up in
Jenny show up in the chat okay okay yeah
smiling strange 23 fucking months in a
row thank you visceral attacks on stairs
nice
Herod Tatsu or just hair Tatsu 18 months
in a row professor physics 20 fucking
months in a row and professor physics
says fuck me baby Jesus you you put some
effort into that word fuck just lends
itself it does effort hunchback jack 14
months in a row and hunchback jack says
it's 98 in dog months usually name 21
fucking months in a row Caesarion bert
15 months in a row and jolly nihilist
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do thank you
everybody thanks for coming out you know
even though we might have been a little
tired you've got some strange of things
and more importantly
