Episode 180 
No Man's Sight (part 2)
September 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju-TIT45NYE
___________________________________________

start will start streaming so think
about it before you hit start but no
man's sky has taken apart Jesus Christ
rich this is by the way yeah this is not
a PC exclusive issue Jack you're talking
about this oh we're streaming you okay
also you one thing you're gonna notice
one thing you're gonna notice right away
is you don't see us do you know why
because apparently no man's sky crashes
so hard it breaks web cameras you
someone explain to me how that is
possible during our last stream no man's
sky crashed and now our web cam no
longer works cameras like fuck this fuck
this shit right right
how how in the hell does a game break so
hard that it breaks her camera that's
a--that's a feature thank you and
cephalopoda k-- also today i I was
really lucky today schedule worked out
with my wife and my kids where I got a
super long playtime today yeah I played
for a good eight plus hours today no
man's sky crashed on the PlayStation
four six times today
that's amazing Cygnus crashes absolutely
amazing on a console six crashes on a
console alright so basically I've
decided that I'm just gonna grind money
until I can afford a half-decent ship
okay so give me cuz you know I'm I'm on
a different grind path yeah with no
man's guy I just want a better ship so
you so all you're doing is mining for
gold yep and then you're gonna use all
them how much one do you have um
something like 2 million 2.4 million so
pay for alright I figure I figure I'm
more than halfway there
yeah 4 million ought to get me a decent
ship
sure I have no idea I have no idea I
haven't really looked into other
spaceships I have only been concerned
after spending a good chunk of the
early-game just kind of farting around
planets and you know trying to figure
out the game my only concern the past
two days was getting to the center of
the universe yeah
and so I'm on a completely different
grind the first thing I did yesterday
was upgrade my warp drive so now instead
of only making it one warp away I can
make it four or five I can make it up to
300 light-years away I figure any grind
like that will be less obnoxious than
the four million you need for a decent
ship so I'm getting that one out of the
way sure sure so I've just been doing
this for I don't know the last eight
hours this has been my gaming experience
now Karen was watching me play she said
something that I think I'm gonna save
for the review mm-hmm but she said
something that just warmed my heart
mm-hmm you can say and made me realize
why I'm gonna marry you really you want
we said no no I said you can save it if
you want oh yeah I think I should save
it yeah and it's like good again then
again we have less people watching the
stream somebody would be ruined get a
sneak peak sure okay so I'm I'm playing
no man sky hmm and I'm doing this I'm
doing this this this gold mining shit
and Karen is watching me from the couch
you're still something on her tablet and
she says to me this reminds me of
watching the dentist remove tartar from
teeth I guess my only question I'm gonna
judge I'm gonna judge your grind right
now rich yeah is this the most effective
way to earn money Oh as far as I know it
is gold seems to be worth lot yeah yeah
and you know you can you can check with
different people that give you different
prices for how much they're willing to
buy yeah yeah chat probably has other
ideas on faster ways to grind but this
this particular planner has fucking gold
all over the place yeah oh yeah I know
and I know like some people just they
just play a merchant or they'll just
hang out at a Space Station yeah and
wait to buy something for someone when
it says it's cheap and then wait to sell
it to someone else when they
it's you know that's really interesting
that's interesting so you can so but I
figure while I've got these mountains of
gold like everywhere absolutely
absolutely
so my grind eyes I'm trying to make it
to the center of the universe and what
you need is warp cells yeah to power
your warp drive and so uh what I'll
happen is I'll stop at a planet and you
need carbon to build the one thing and
then you need plutonium to build the
next thing and then you need what's the
blue mineral not platinum but Buitoni
no way not plutonium it's like heavy oh
that other one look at the big blue rock
I don't have any right now I know you're
talking about though whatever that is
and so in it and then you need the stuff
that the the the stuff that's in the
meteorites the h1 you know the other red
one yeah to to get a warp coil and so I
get myself like six or seven warp coils
and it takes five to to fully power up
you know I can get five jumps yeah and
and so then I jump as far as I can until
I run out of warp coils and then I go
down to a planet and I do the exact same
thing carbon plutonium blue thing red
thing jump as far as I can oh oh you
need you also got iron you also need um
zinc zinc is is really important and
zinc is hard to come by it's a pain in
the butt to go by there's a ban in the
Box you get a little bit here a little
bit you get a little bit with flowers
and so I just usually end up buying my
zinc at a space station but that's it so
then I jump as far as I can go down to a
planet get the things I need craft the
things I need jump as far as I can go
down to a planet get the things I need
and that's it that that rich yeah was my
eight plus hours why why am i I've got
this weird glitch that's been going on
for like a day where I jump instantly
into space I've had that happen I don't
know I don't know why I'm really sorry
it happens every other time I get in the
spaceship now I don't know why I also
don't know why something just kicked you
up
Zink fascinating but so that was my 8
plus hours today because I was
determined to get to the center of the
fucking universe and in total I have hit
four black holes which are which are
shortcuts to the center of the universe
Rach look at that giant fucking mountain
goal that's great that's great
yep mr. Chang smile I have been through
four black holes and I just got the
achievement today for 50 plus jumps and
remember I'm not just jumping to the
next star system I'm jumping four or
five at a time right yeah so 50 plus
jumps for wormholes I have no idea if I
am any closer to the center of the
universe is there any way to gauge how
close you are I don't believe there is
and it is very ating uh I'm telling you
I was telling I was talking to the chat
I was chatting with the chat a little
earlier today and it's just the more I
play the game the more upset at it I am
it's a boring repetitive grind and the
more you play it all you see is the
repetition of the the facade of the new
and interesting planets melts further
and further away it's it's honestly this
game I'm gonna yell at it this game is
components and concepts that if you
added them to an entirely different
space game would put that space game
over the top you have the space game
that had like factions and and serious
ship ship battles hmm yeah mom I'm like
I feel like I'm grinding for another
game but this whole game is just the
grind right and mark mark slams brings
up an interesting counterpoint where he
says what game isn't repetitive the
problem is is the repetitive fun or not
is this fun is this fucking fun look at
this look at this I'm just shooting
fucking rocks yep my fiancee looks over
me and compares it to dental work all
right no and I was doing a whole
different kind of grind and it's not fun
and it you're not building towards
anything there's not building at all oh
god Karen had so many things to say
about this just watching me play gotta
be like minecraft you mean you can't
build things you can't build the city
there are no cities yeah there's no
people to talk to
mhm yeah as well as there's a couple
there's like a town that's got like one
person in one building right terrible
that's terrible it's going nowhere it's
building towards nothing you can't do
anything if you compare it to other just
like environmental survival games which
is a lot of grind you know oh you got it
you got to do this you got to do that
it's it's a better games time wasting
mechanics hahaha Wow when you're not
doing the fun stuff you want to kill
some time you want to change pace you do
all these things
yeah and that's that's the only thing no
man sky has the killing time yeah that's
all you're doing
and you know what you already mind a
little bit I hate that by the way when
like from a distance oh look at that
giant thing then I get close oh oh we
got a what you're not popping up I lose
like my my HUD while it's doing this
shit that I don't care about I wasn't
trying to do I didn't know about it I'm
just a fucking surprise oh yeah yeah no
rich I know and it is upsetting and I'm
sorry and it is upsetting it's this game
is terribly terribly upsetting I don't
know if it's like put on a giant match
that says fuck you upsetting but it's
upsetting and by the time I get to the
end or the center of the universe there
better be something fucking special
there waiting for me because I got a
feeling that there's not Karen watching
me play because she saw the trailer so
she said well where are all the animals
that were like in the trailer and where
as though we're all those plants and oh
god the trailer made it look like you'd
be able to like like joining the space
factions and get the giant space battles
you pick size
where's all that Oh none of that's in
here wouldn't that be great if you could
like pick a side and you know cousin and
and have you gotten in any big space
battles anymore space battle hey no I've
only been randomly attacked by pirates
I've never seen a freighter being
attacked that I had to help out okay
I've only been attacked by like three or
five ships ships and you know what I
finally got a I have the distress signal
and you don't have to help out but you
know the destroyer throws up a
de-stressing I say okay I'll help and
it's you versus eleven eleven oh my god
guys and I barely squeaked oh there's no
like Ally fighters in the mix I did not
notice it jesus fucking christ well
there could have been I just didn't
notice any all I know is there were
eleven bad guys and I took out all
eleven a barely scraped by I didn't get
that great of a reward and so the next
time I saw a distress beacon
I just fucking ran away like I don't
care if you're not gonna give me some
good shit I don't care about you this
game is dumb as hell
this game is a base that they could
build a game on top of but as of yet
there's not really anything fun in this
there's neat ingredients like the random
planets the all the different planets
now what's all neat stuff no that fades
always so fucking fast because there's
nothing else to do right that's why if
there were other things to do on the
planets it would still be neat sure sure
it's a game that I and I hate to say
this and a lot of people are gonna say
this is Jack sacrilege it's a game that
really needs a story but no it needs
something factions yeah something
something something something I know I
mind that weird-looking one right and
now you go to the next piece of gold
already have to go up and tell them now
how many how many slots how to sauce I
got a ton ok I'm more titanium that I
need it's just stuff that's not a salad
fucking salad Oh fucking Soto Jack it's
Jack religious this if this game had a
little bit of a story to like push you
through sacrilege I like that yeah by
the way clever it's you know like I'm
thinking of the flame in the flood which
I played on stream and finished and it
is you know you you have to you know
mine for resources and you know slowly
build up your arsenal it's it's it has a
lot of similar elements to this as far
as just a survival game right yeah but
it also has an ending you are moving for
we're actually working towards something
you were working towards something and
the feeling of at least knowing there's
an ending was really helpful it's not
just the grind let me let me ask you
something ever in this game have you
ever felt like more powerful than when
you started
did you feel like slightly more prepared
for a situation not really
have I I felt like I wish I had that
mineral when I talked to this guy who
wanted that mineral that's happened more
than once I just sold all my stuff they
used to be gold all over this fucking
planet
mr. poopy mr. poopy pants s but guys
it's all procedurally created so what
that's that's that's all well and good
and if they do something interesting
with it right yes technological
technological achievement then they get
you what what does it get you
apparently a lot of system crashes
because it's ruined a lot of things
including a webcam which I didn't know
you could do game I'm gonna hell I'm
gonna have to google that can I kind of
kind of game crash and kill my webcam
okay can we sue hello games for a new
webcam and I'm weird I finally ran out
of gold on this fucking rock
congratulations
no no no was I God I got another like
million and a half that I want to buy a
spaceship decent spaceship I wanna at
least thirty item slots at least fucking
thirty on your spaceship yeah sure oh
dreamer TK I am literally on the Amazon
app on my phone right now ordering a new
webcam that was it was a joke that hello
games OHS this new webcam I'm not gonna
look into that I'm buying us a new
webcam right now web cam let's see what
they got so your day was grinding my day
was grinding and again I want to say my
grinder was worse because like for you
you you you grind the gold yeah you sell
the gold your number ticks up yeah I
don't know if I've made it any farther I
cannot tell you but Jack it's
procedurally generated it's you know
what you're right oh I think that's ours
great you know what I'm gonna order this
one because it's the exact same as our
other one that worked pretty well don't
you think yeah
I didn't see any more question marks
over the horizon I just find all of the
things how long have you been on this
planet oh well okay great I just ordered
us a new webcam we will get a new webcam
we get we got a new webcam there's no
way your webcam was physically damaged
by crash I've worked with these
logitech's you know they're good kid
don't buy another one at least look all
that matters is it stopped working yeah
it's not turning on we're plugging it in
and we're getting no lights yeah and we
were working fine before the crash it
won't kill us to have a backup one
anyway but we I will check the drive we
will after after the stream today we'll
check the drivers you know maybe maybe
there's a driver update or something
yeah all right one of those things one
of those things your day was grinding I
had one of the best days of my life
yeah what'd you do today I bought a new
bike oh yeah like a couple days ago and
I just went biking with Karen we had a
we had a beautiful lovely day she moved
up her now she's happy up here uh-huh
great we got her new bikes put it on the
bike rack we took it down to the lake
driving around the trails by the lake
that sounds great and I had the best
sandwich I've ever had in my entire life
the best sandwich where did you eat
suburbia suburbia oh I love suburbia
they're great I've never been in there
great sandwich shop you know why anyway
because it's built into a gas station
that's right that's how they get you
that's why I never went the food plays
in the gas station that's that's gotta
be clean no really good bread and then I
drove by earlier today with Karen and
she loved the name and we had to go
there because she was so amused by the
name I will go to suburbia yeah that
fine I had I had there Philly
cheesesteak mm-hmm which I know that I'd
call it a Philly cheesesteak cuz I don't
even with her fucking grilled onions on
there and there were tomatoes and
lettuce and mayo which I don't think
gnarly it was it was fucking delicious
wonderful fucking name you want to call
it oh my god was it delicious good bread
at suburbia and I don't know this is a
factor but I've been slowly weaning
self unto a diet yeah I don't know if
you noticed yesterday yeah I did you had
just you had very very healthy plain
chicken breast broccoli and like peas
yeah was my lunch that looked great yeah
yeah yeah so maybe it's just been let's
spend like look at I've been slowly
weaning myself into the diet it's been a
couple days since I've had anything
really obnoxious oh here's some carbs
and cheese is it possible that really
kick the sandwich up a notch in my brain
in any case it was great and then
beautiful day beautiful egg not to take
some pictures that's a great fucking day
simple day nothing nothing particularly
amazing happen no way hold on here for
private magician says Jack the warp in
the warp chart there's a number next to
the name of every system which tells you
how far you are from the center how have
you done 50 jumps and not notice that I
I guess I've only paid attention to the
number that tells it how many light
years it is away from me next time I
will have to look to see it was not
clear to me because you know you see the
little randomly generated name and then
it tells you how many light years it is
away from you I have not seen where it
says how far I am from the center but
where's the fucking door this place
it's just nothing in here that's great
oh no there's a little pensioner there's
just not a selling my bobbin I'm very
happy that you had a good day I mean you
know all in all it was a pretty good day
for me you know yeah I get to play video
games and that's nice it's just I played
a really dumb and frustrating video game
and I don't feel like I've accomplished
anything at this point
I really wish we really wish I had
played more elite dangerous yeah I'd
love to do a lot more comparing
contrasting hmm but I mean other than
landing on planets elite dangerous is
really nice like just planet navigation
various speeds you can travel looks like
and still get the other star and fuckin
sub warp and I got most of the way I
think to another star it was pretty that
was pretty cool yeah that's pretty cool
no no camera today our camera is still
not functioning after no man's sky
crashed last stream and at eight three
nine zero yeah I love these oh wait no
no whoa what eight three nine zero three
nine oh eight then the it goes up one
tick nine oh eight three yeah then it
goes up one tick so it's gonna be eight
three nine zero
you were about to click on eight zero
three nine okay that was a brain fart
but I know what the right answer was cuz
I got that one either eight three nine
I'm talking about like I know that you
know what that one was fun and the math
problem one was fun at first but then
when you run into him a hundred times
and it's the exact same kind of problem
mmm the facade wears off really quickly
and just a fuckin model the thing same
house different paint job that's all
this game is same house different dump
job is everything I was worried it was
gonna be yep yeah some of the planets do
I thought there would be more space
faction stuff with a war going on you
have to choose a side and the one that
made some fun stuff because they
featured like a giant space battle and
there's fucking trailers yeah
that shit here that would have been
great I would've been awesome like a
like a sidequest where maybe like
instead of going to the center of the
universe you have 200 here's a package I
want you to deliver and you'll get a lot
of money but it's out of your way to the
center of the universe maybe you have to
make that decision wouldn't have that
wouldn't have been fun what if what if I
could what if it were more of an open
universe and I could just decide to like
start up a freight hauling business sure
buy new ships hire employees to haul
things for me on the side what if I
could choose to be a pirate yeah what if
I could choose to be a soldier and fight
in the war I think technically you can
be a pirate what if what there was a
side story I could choose to follow like
to avenge the killer of my family I
could track down clues to find out who
the killer was every once in a while
I'll get a little notification that says
like a ship in the nearby vicinity has
and then when you're not doing all that
cool shit I'll grind a bed to get a
better ship Ryan has rare cargo or
something so I think you can do pirate
like things all right there's no pipe
there's no official pirate story but
there's not like like a pirating career
paths you can take yeah yeah missed
opportunities the game yeah plutonium
there's they say there's an update with
space trucker stuff in it coming out to
elite dan fairly dangerous they're not
gonna figure out of this one I fucking
move this few over here I don't think I
don't mind these I know and I have been
seeing and thank you all for for sharing
the some of the people in the I know I
know I want to lead it's one of those
elite dangerous is one of those things
like the total you game it's a total me
game the issue is with my life right now
I hasn't been conductive to the epic
games and suck you in sure might my
gaming lately it's been like short
bursts like Orcs Must Die yeah this kind
of gaming I've been doing like you know
I get homework and film this or that and
do this mm-hmm you know I like like how
much time do I have to get into elite
dangerous cuz that's we do know man sky
this could be another epic game we need
to play of course you can't play the
game you want cuz you got to play the
game you don't want to play oh yeah no
I'm with you
but all that I missed I missed a comment
yeah I apologize there's I thought what
were you gonna say that's what I'm
trying to remember I have no idea where
I was going oh I'm a jerk you know what
I absolutely hate what that's how I'm
trying to find what how ahead
oh I wonder when there's when there's an
objective marker and there's a thing on
your HUD with an arrow yeah don't put it
near the center of the fucking screen
where I will constantly confuse it for
my fucking crosshairs I do that all the
guns shit at the edge of that goddamn
screen do you see do you see the tiny
little white crosshair and then the
giant purple reticle I always think that
that purple reticle is my is my
crosshair absolutely I'm with you 100%
god I said fury a ting it is infuriating
rich I know but I've been seeing a lot
of people have been sharing like on the
no man's sky subreddit and Twitter
people are starting to put together all
of this stuff that was actually promised
in the game
oh yeah and all the stuff that did not
make it in the final game yeah either
promise promise some trailers or in
interviews or in articles about the game
and you know like some of it's a little
nitpicky and some of it how about those
glitchy deposits
I hate those what I had a giant mountain
of gold where I get only like skin it
look at that look at that that's bull
hockey rich straight-up bull hockey no
man's why this is dr. death stop no and
you know what I I think there there was
a lot promise a lot of what I've seen is
pretty nitpicky moreso the base game is
no good you know I'm trying not to
concentrate on the base game is the
grind for a better game yeah I like I
really like the way put that I wrote
that down by the way it's a better games
grime yeah yeah it's a better games
distraction and and I think I really
like that and we're gonna use that in
the review so I wrote it down
make sure we remember it
what's the coolest swap meeter pawnshop
find i've ever had i know how i found a
really amazing tripod at a at a garage
sale my best thrift store find yeah
was this is back in the heyday of
dvd/blu-ray wasn't a thing yet and the
the TNG DVD box sets for we're still
like a hundred dollars a season they
hadn't really come down in price yet
okay i was had a thrift store they had
like chinese bootlegs of TNG the discs
were still in english i got all seven
seasons for 40 bucks the part of the end
was cut off of every fourth episode like
at the end of the disc they didn't have
enough room yeah so like episodes where
i didn't get to see the ending of still
it was a steal
that's great that's great I didn't know
if they were gonna be in English enough
because that you know the font
everything is all it's all in Chinese
and I I'm like it story I don't know I
don't want to let the sitter someone
else might buy this I mean this is a
great find
they're probably in English is some
weird bootleg thing they probably didn't
dub that Karen Karen go home and get my
portable DVD player I'm going to stay
here at the thrift store and guard the
TNG DVDs and the people who run the
thrift store yo you don't care what Star
Trek is I think I'm like a crazy man
yeah that's great that is great and yeah
for me I found at a random garage sale a
really nice Manfrotto tripod legs
these these are tripod legs that are
hundreds of dollars no head no tripod
head just the legs and it was it was
like 25 bucks this this ladies it was
like an older lady and her husband used
to be a photographer
for something oh I found these in the
closet oh okay yeah twenty-five dollars
seems totally reasonable how do you know
what these are
yeah twenty-five dollars take it take it
give me give me great tripod legs
Manfrotto Manfrotto is a tripod tripod
company and bogan I think it's bogan
Manfrotto now or bogan makes the heads
and try and Manfrotto makes the legs or
something I forget how it works but
they're great they're great and I got it
for 25 bucks still use them today god I
hate that sprit Oh God right I did I did
get a sprint to upgrade that open Oh a
plan attack - you know I got a sprint
one in here kill it yeah kill the fire
and I got some carbon that Carver just
wasting on inventory space it's gotta go
I did not take advantage of an old lady
that's the price she was selling it for
I didn't haggle I gave her the price she
asked for it just because she didn't
know what she had that's not my problem
that's how that's how rumba that's the
the rule of the rummage okay this ain't
my first rummage rodeo that's the Romans
humble the rummage Rumble is if the
price is labeled that's the price I
almost hit it again with the cursor yeah
yeah what what what oh no yeah I do I do
that constantly rich also I double check
to this grid to how it stays on here
yeah does not do that on the ps4 right
on the ps4 you see the grid and then it
disappears right away in one of the
earlier trailers that was a complete lie
yeah you do see the grid Oh Jack does
love capitalism that's true that's true
about Jack Jack loves capitalism
oh isn't that gray chub big bear a
garage sales always great for
photography equipment because people
always assume older lenses are obsolete
that's really true just check for
scratches but man you get some really
amazing lenses that rummage sales you're
penetrating the gold so how are you
adopting the mouse and keyboard how's
that going
I haven't had any more time
unfortunately just because I've been
I've been really trying to get to the
end of no man's guy but I'm feeling
confident and more more important than
that I have made the decision that this
is what's going to happen rich one way
or the other
hello I want I am going to be a mouse
and keyboard player because I know that
is the best option now my grumpiness
decide I have never faulted you I wanna
I want to make that clear and no I
understand that obviously you were being
funny but here's the thing and I have
always stated even even for always that
a mouse is more accurate yeah then then
a gamepad I prefer I I've always just
defaulted to the comfort of the gamepad
because you know I've always felt that a
gamepad it was more comfortable but as
I'm playing more and you know especially
as I'm playing more overwatch which is
you know competitive game and I know
once I get a better pc I'm going to be
moving to the PC I know the switch is
gonna have to happen if I want to stay
competitive in this game I love I'm
gonna have to move to a mouse and
keyboard so why not start now get
comfortable before I make the switch
actually felt kind of bad right before I
came here yesterday
Karen wanted to play a roller coaster
tycoon like I had to take the PC I'm
sorry she doesn't have her own she's got
like a Chromebook and a tablet
she's got the ps4 there she said she
forgot the Wii U there wanna play
rollercoaster tycoon
that's the game she likes but boldly
they rode I the the final boldly they
rode says I I should get used to WASD
because you know just because that's how
games are set up the the final linchpin
in this decision was seeing Rich's
number pad and the grid system makes way
more sense to me and best for
portability for playing on the couch of
course lap desk and the number pad it's
not you know keyboards could be our side
yeah of the lackey board will hang off
the side of a lap desk a number pad and
a big gaming mouse or a big gaming mouse
pad fits on the lap desk perfectly yeah
and it's I'm not losing out on buttons
with all the buttons on the gaming mouse
and the number pad it's it's a win-win
and then I'll rich you're a genius
the number pad is in a perfect grid it's
in a perfect grid and sure WASD is just
slightly off-center yeah but it's still
perfect grid don't talk about the
reactions you got people saw you playing
that's after the after the half-life 2
the the Jack is learning how to use a
mouse episode we got so many questions
on Twitter wondering about our gaming
setup
yeah people people were curious how are
you doing this what do what oh my god I
can't believe it and you know I'd get
back to all of them it's like oh it's
it's just an ordinary lap desk a number
pad in a gaming mouse that's it but I
think I think people are so it's so
hardwired in them then they need them a
keyboard a full keyboard or they need a
controller for the couch or in that
control that mouse and keyboard is
impossible on the couch right and I know
and this number pad it was like seven
eight dollars on Amazon it's nothing you
know
it's nothing and the gaming mouse I got
on sale so thank you oh I think someone
sent me that sale - for the gaming mouse
it's just a very simple wired gaming
mouse but uh that's right the most
important feature about using a keyboard
is getting is getting the the piece of
wood from the dump that that lights a
simple lap desk and repaired the board
from atop was an exaggeration where's
the board a pick it up oh we don't have
the camera we don't have the camera rich
it I it you can get it one at Target
it's just like a black live desk if you
got a could attach a padded cushion on
the bottom yep and it's got a flat
surface it looks like a giant like
artist kind of palette ya know it is a
board from the dump with a pillow on the
bottom like that's it it's designed to
be a left essence and it's very
comfortable to use and you know I got I
did get a larger mousepad yeah you know
gaming mouse pad and the mouse pad and
the number pad and the mouse fit on the
lap desk perfectly you know you know
it'll obviously take a little time to
bind all the correct keys yes that's the
hassle annual probably still wants a
keyboard around you just in case you
know hype hypothetically you wanted to
get crazy yeah yeah you could get I
forget what the program's called well
there's controller mate there's joy two
key kind of like it's like a macro kind
of program where you can like program it
so like when you hit W and it's the K he
you know you can you could you can
pre-program a script oh so like you're
you know keypad number whatever number
attends being a eight is w oh okay sure
and then then you already have your WASD
setup on your number pad that's where
they would roughly correspond I like
that that would be an option like that
autohotkey chap thank you thank you k is
87
Otto what is autohotkey autohotkey it's
important to remember to use your index
finger to operate the mouse don't use
your thumbs yes yes I'm its listen it's
it's it is difficult for me I'm an old
man and I've been using a controller all
my life you're not a dog job I can learn
new trees and old dogs can learn new
tricks and I am trying I am trying
it's a plutonium step you know the no i
i've been i've been Zeist if you're
enjoying no man's sky i think that's
great one thing i will say as i was
playing today for these long stretches
and just mindlessly doing the same thing
over and over and and as i'm doing ours
as you are now you know who would love
this game stoner jack yeah if I were
still a pothead rich yeah this would be
a very different review I want to let
you know that look at all the things the
game is almost completely mindless it's
very repetitive there's an it's not like
there's no there's no confrontation and
it's beautiful the music is is
minimalist with little Peaks here and
there if I were still a pothead yeah
this might be the game of the year for
me I'm not that's not stoner shaming I'm
saying that when you are stoned you are
you you are in a different mindset and
and you don't necessarily you know have
all of your higher brain functions can
you get yeah you can tell us about the
time you were most oh no that's many
times but I I think I would really dig
this is just like and you know think
about how you slowly walk and just take
in your environment and flying your
spaceships and
iein gas clouds and beautiful planets
and spaceships man like look at these
colors rich look at this world sure were
more colors in the trailer there
remember when there was grass in this
game no I have to I've run into some
grand rarely rarely I've run into it I
think this this is a this game is a
potheads dream space and openness and no
confrontation and repetitive motion
are we getting tips I have the tip thing
open are you are they having issues
tonight they sometimes they have issues
hold on let me let me try refresh in
here maybe I need to wait oh my
apparently I needed to manually refresh
sorry sighs darn very very sorry
everyone I don't know how this happened
tips tips I will looking into them right
now so how am I here why am i I almost
hit a fucking gettin oh because that
looks like the reticle yeah oh it's
because this isn't a normal phone I'm so
sorry everybody hold on for a second my
stream tipalert er is not working
correctly we do have tips but apparently
instead of opening the stream tip alert
er what
if I could just melt them here
yeah just melt them stay there obnoxious
here we go here's the tips oh my god so
many tips many apologies to everyone
we've talked about a lot of neat things
I don't regret it well you know that's
they talked about my perfect day we
talked about your mouth setup we talked
about the game we're gonna get to them
now we're gonna power through Skulltula
house repetitive grinding like pokemons
Jack why don't you love this game I like
it like we talked about earlier in
Pokemon and in other games that have
repetitive action you're usually
building towards something like in
Pokemon you grow a team and your Pokemon
grow and they learn new moves and you
move forward in the game and a big part
of my problem with this is I can't tell
that I'm moving forward so that's why
yonder yonder says actually this is
Peter Molyneux latest game at the center
of the galaxy is the latest version of
curiosity each time you get to the
galaxy's center you get to click on it
once and then start over now what
happens that's awful that's what happens
I think that's a joke hey Jack would you
really be shocked
did you really be shocked I will be
shocked at nothing at the at the end of
this game 97th jackal says hey guys
leaving for college scared out of my
mind but knowing I can watch rlm stuff
how much is fine it'll definitely make
the transition smoother PS fuck McCook
don't know what college you're going to
but still take a class as seriously yep
that's it's a harsh transition for a lot
of people because you you you have a lot
a lot more a lot of things are put on
your shoulders yes in college like if
you up the class they're not gonna like
suspend you or something they're just
gonna let you not show up in the class
until you fail yes you will you are now
responsible for your own well-being
including taking your call your classes
and so all you got to do is do the work
you can do what we believe in you 97's
jackal the real van says you guys should
check out grow up it just came out for
$10 and it's better than no man's sky
you play as a robot who crash lands on a
planet to has to find and reassemble
pieces of the ship grow up I will add to
the list the real they on give me one
moment and I will add that to our games
to playlists
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo oh shit
this list is again grow up
done great anonymous
remember McCall house in the living room
no I don't you have to kiss my neck I
almost touching your blouse in the
morning at the top of the stairs father
what he did that night we found Rick
I've read that thing you wrote dang Hesh
says I will tip good money for a tech
guy to figure out how a game crash
physically broke bricked a web cam I'm
just not saying it caused it I'm just
saying that's when the cameras stopped
working the game crashed the camera
stopped working the computer has now
been restarted we plugged the camera in
the camera still not working yeah we
will we will reboot the driver software
for the camera after the stream but it's
weird don't you think don't you think
gobbledygook says rich is passing up
tons of stuff there are hundreds of
crash ship you can upgrade to on planets
avoid water planets I found fresh ships
I can upgrade to they're all kind of
crap do you know how to find beacons
towers etc yeah you just go in the rooms
and there or you go above the planet and
scan all right why do I care about
finding these things this question well
well I think the main point here was you
can find crashed ships on the planet
that you can just take there's it broken
yeah but I've seen several none of them
none of them were particularly much
better than what I had rich wants to go
shopping for a good yeah I want a
quality fucking shipment I was worried
about a confirm I'm done with the ship
ship ship I'm sticking with just my
standard
I've spent a lot of time I I do like to
hunt for all the all the little stuff
around the planet most most importantly
those like cones they look kind of like
flattened traffic cones but white
because those have the suit upgrades
that give you an extra inventory slot in
your suit yeah so I've been really
paying attention for those gobbledy
so yeah we know how to do all the things
dang hash says tell Jack the universe
doesn't have a center if it did then the
Hubble expansion constant wouldn't be a
constant we're talking about the fucking
games I'm at the center of thinking of
the game's universe which that the the
the the only story in the game that we
get is that we should go to the center
of the universe in the game so
apparently we can click on something
once and and and you know what I think I
would argue that there is a center of
the universe and it's wherever you
happen to be at the moment technically
speaking right if the universe is ever
expansive if it is actually infinite if
it is infinite then wherever you are is
the center of the universe and wherever
riches is his center of the universe so
we each have our own center of the of
the universe and you know what doesn't
that make us all a little special no
okay I guess actually that's the
absolute that makes us all all not
special yeah that makes us all dust when
everyone's to quote The Incredibles and
whenever one's special
no one will be jack that's not how it
works that is that is if everyone is the
center of their own universe
don't make rich angry said in May I sent
our LM a DVD of what I imagine is of
what I imagine a are LM Chavez in ski
colab would be like Tongan ninja a
low-budget New Zealand kung fu spoof
featuring Jermaine Clement I think you
guys would enjoy it lol fuck Mike ugh I
like that Jermaine he's fries from
Flight of the Conchords
gobbledygook says our tips working now
they are gobbledygook Syme so sorry they
weren't before I don't know what
happened you guys need to you guys need
some tips on how to play this game right
now I'm very deliberately grinding
because I want to kick a spaceship the
game gobbledygook who's saying the game
is very social you can learn how to get
much much better watch other people you
know I think for some games that's true
and you know for some games you can you
can learn a little bit I don't know if
that is true with no man's sky I'm sure
there could be like little tips and
tricks like I said for rich there are
some people who just you know trade on
the space stations and that's how they
earn money that might be faster to earn
money this is how rich is playing I'm
trying to play a different way I'm just
trying to move as far as I can you know
I think there's so much wrong with the
game that it wouldn't necessarily matter
if we did something slightly faster it
would still be boring in for us says a
game that has a similar theme to no man
sky is empyrion empire on it sounds
familiar
MP wrong galactic survival has a sandbox
survival element but also base ship
building and a decent multiplayer 50%
off on Steam right now that means it's
$10 on Steam right now that sounds great
that sounds great that sounds great
camper 89 says rich check out the keto
diet high protein high fat low carb diet
is working for me thought I'd share cut
ah yeah and you know there's a lot of
success with those low carb diets oh and
when the hell are you gonna play police
quest 3 or Space Quest - sooner or later
yeah I want to do these unit 603 idiots
as rich Jake there are no overseers in a
room
forcing what to review forcing you what
to review you don't we don't care if
something is new we just want you to do
stuff that is entertaining and you write
to you and to us well that's true we I
was really excited about this game right
and in fact I was curious about - I had
I had my concerns and they were all
right right but yeah I was I was
interested in this before I came out Oh
Admiral T jt9 please don't spoil it
what's at the center of the universe I
want to get there I want to find out for
myself and I want more importantly like
if I believe the chat you might not want
people my own in the chat not want might
not want to hear it and if I'm
disappointed by it I want to be upset
about it you know so please don't spoil
it
please but no I was really excited about
this and you know I remember that first
III video we made where we first saw the
other Ford and we were like oh this
looks pretty good yeah but then the
second trailer the next year I thought
oh this all looks exactly the same
oh so I was excited to play this I'm
excited to review it I'm sorry I mean
I'm excited to to give it a piece of my
mind
Gabey Mick Krabs hello gentlemen I
hadn't dipped in a while and I wanted to
thank Lord Evans for my new demon hunter
name in Wow your album
I named it after the ancient
Mesopotamian demon
Eloise gold how terrifying speaking of
best of the worst speaking of best of
the worst there there we just film one
recently Watts I don't know when exactly
it's gonna come out because there's
actually another one being edited is
this yep oh yeah you weren't because I
wasn't anyway so there's two being
Eddings I'm not sure which one's gonna
end up airing first mm-hmm but the one
we filmed last night
probably probably my favorite all-time
favorite best of the worst off-topic
diversion rich you you took off topic
conversations to new heights
yesterday I want to let you know that I
want to let you know that and it was
that was a very weird night it was
amazing I think what we're saying is it
was amazing if if they can edit
something out of that garble it's gonna
be a make sure they can oh yeah they
always do they always do but uh yeah we
watched we watched some very interesting
movies last night and I'm trying to
remember the line from the one now I
won't say it yeah
oh I remember it now from the movie that
the bad guy says so spoiler the movie
has a bad guy but yeah that was that was
a weird weird night it's too late nights
for us let's see here lure DX is rich
know you've fallen out with comics but
you should really check out
IDW TMNT w the company o post and tone
to the old Mirage stuff but tells its
own story think you'd even like their
bebop and Rocksteady oh you just you
just you just unsold me that's the part
of the pitch that you have to leave out
same say the same tone as the old books
oh no if the art styles even really
remember and it has a recommend boom
but if bebop and Rocksteady were in the
old Mirage comics right they would have
been fucking beheaded in their first and
only appearance think yes it would not
have been pretty oh sure
surge exe says what's more disappointing
no-man's
or spore never played spore and yeah I
think I was a little too young for the
spore hype and so for me no man's sky is
more disappointing because I just wasn't
there for the hype that was spore yeah
uh yonder yonder says regarding the
camera are you sure that you drained the
electricity out of it you have to hold
it upside down and shake it for ten
seconds to make sure it has absolutely
no electricity before he reboots what
about no man's sky or fabled oh you know
what I liked fable you know what I know
that fable did not deliver what was
promised but it was still like a
perfectly acceptable generic fantasy
action game it still had an acceptable
game in there Skyrim lights right oh of
course but you know what it was it was a
fine game nothing nothing special
nothing magical it did not live up to
what they promised but you still got a
gate you you got a game out of it rich
the Junior Scrolls the Junior Scrolls
you got a game out of it though yeah
unlike unlike planet Dental Hygienists
care would just watch the play she went
off on a full rant about the game and it
was kind of beautiful right and it made
me love her all the more but I I still
think that there's there's enough good
about fable where if you're disappointed
sure but anonymous says have you guys
ever watched so after this after these
this to pile here is a pile over there
yeah we're gonna go to the space station
yeah we're gonna try the trading game
sure I'll try that oh sure yeah see how
it works
have you guys ever watched the twitcher
con carnage the man streams are
absolutely
amazing I've never heard of him so not
against him
no never just never heard him yep
gobbledygook giving you a little heads
up and says go to a yellow beam use a
bypass chip choose transmission orangey
for transmission tower gives you crash
chips every karat crashed ship is better
you will get more slots
I've never gotten I've never gotten a
crashed ship ship from a transmission
tower no no you know like the the tiny
boxes that have the beams of light yeah
I've never gotten a crashed ship from
one of those as an option not quite it
doesn't say crash chip it says like
transmission transmission yeah like it
says it says something cryptic and so
you can either find a a monolith of
transmission or a trading base or
something right but I agree with rich
that all of the crashed ships I have
found have been garbage and would have
taken too much too many resources just
to fix up where he's just gonna buy one
if it's if it's worth it to fix up
that's one thing sure sure
it's gotta be worth it to fix up yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh okay well that's how
you do it dr. death stalker says rich
what please play something else no this
is the hyped game really this game is
not worth your time the boredom is real
honestly I've been getting a lot of
stardew valley flashbacks to my extreme
my extreme boredom and more interesting
things to do is start your valley
there's an actual feeling of growth
there's people to talk to there's yeah
there's building up your farm you can do
stuff terms like see you mind things to
get a bigger ship to mind more things to
get a bigger ship to mind more things it
sounds horrible okay let's see here
alright so we'll try it we'll try the
transmission okay and we'll save the
ship's garbage okay if the ship is
garbage yeah then go up then we're going
up and were gonna do the trading thing
great that sounds great the mechanical
says you have unredeemed items to claim
them please use the option menu thank
you for playing the game so I don't want
yeah I didn't want to do that it never
goes away yeah but he also the
Mechanical Turk also says thank you for
playing the game so I never have to
those god damn blue things will not go
away do you know okay so I talked
earlier about how I am 50 warp jumps in
yeah I am far into the game do you know
what blue thing just recently popped up
month to switch from your mining laser
press up on the d-pad yeah I've all the
game should know if I've already used a
button don't you think yeah I think it's
like the game says you've used that
button I'm not gonna make that thing pop
up should would are two entirely it's
frustrating rich there's many things
about this game that frustrating is the
this fucking sprint you mean the three
second sprint yeah it's very realistic
diving okay let's see here where are we
you know I'm not in great shape I
promise sprint for a bit more than seven
seconds I don't know if I could let's
see here now Lona rocktron says now I
want a game of an amateur dentist
simulator on people like kim jeong-hoon
amateur dentist simulator I'm sure
that's a game there anything yeah some
sort of dental hygiene game spinoff of
surgeon simulator poom-poom Ames pool
man man's friend puma man silver man's
friend there we go Puma man's friend
says thank you for the hard work and
late nights to bring us best of the
worst where is it filmed anyway by the
way it sounds like rich wants politics
in Spain guys I said this last stream
yeah there's nothing wrong with space
politics George Lucas is just a moron
he's just a bad writer right there's
been some awesome
politics Star Trek is all space politics
yeah there have been a lot of good
before mass effect went bad it's all
space politics yeah yeah science which
is just full of great space politics
yeah yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with you
best of the worst is filmed here at the
studio like it always is also just
answer the other part of your question
and then man that new set looks great
I'm super happy with how those lights
work build up those sides yeah yeah
there needs to be a little taller
it's looking good looking good so far
looking good so far
elfonzo sparkle fat says hey guys if you
want to see a perfect illustration of
the letdown of no man's sky check out a
quick youtube video called no man skies
released trailer by Lily Lilu multipass
no man's sky release trailer okay I
think I've seen that one is that the one
with the Jurassic Park music it's cute
it's it's a funny joke gobbledygook says
you have chosen this boring play style
rich okay
gobble-gobble the Goswami gobbledygook
is really upsetting right no I just
wanted a better ship right and so in
your head and this is easy to do while
talking right in your head farming for
gold is the is the way to a better ship
gobbledygook says you're playing it
wrong okay
you should have rolled so roll them you
should you should have roll bridge
gobbledygook says you do not know how to
play this game this is like watching
Jack play Sonic the Hedgehog I called it
I didn't even see that and I called the
you should or old rich unsubscribe this
is an RPG and you do not like RPGs watch
others cause it's not an RPG this is not
an RPG gobbledygook so this game has its
defenders this game has its defenders
and their name is gobbledygook
ah a dairy farm I grew up on a dairy
farm that's cows I mean it was an
all-around fun we had some cows and some
chickens but I think it was mostly a
dairy farm we had more cows than
anything at the milk the cows my out of
fuel here with Ruster thrust thrust
there we go got one guy it's not it's
not an RPG got Legos
all right so we need to find a
transmission tower we're gonna try it
we're gonna try this okay this is legit
shot do it you're gonna find a little
cube with a thing do you want to learn a
language no yeah I just want to win yeah
sometimes you sometimes doesn't know
elated like a lot further away from the
thing that I would have liked to have
landed it does that yeah oh let's see
here citizen one one eight says I just
got my wisdom teeth removed yesterday in
pain and on pills while unable to eat
things I was just wondering if you guys
have had yours removed than what your
appearance was like uh no Karen was
really amused watching me on the way
home driving me home yeah yeah painful
mm-hmm yeah yeah mine were like
basically in sideways yeah that's
terrible yeah I've had mine removed as
well first time I ate solid food like a
week later it was just the most
wonderful thing yeah it hurts sucks I'm
sorry no I don't have any amusing
stories though let's see here Hunza
Frosch says watching the stream on my
iPad today just for the hell of it I
wrapped my lips around the tiny speaker
why the fuck did you do that feeling
Jack's angelic voice in my throat is
something I can fully recommend to
anyone that's very strange
tons of rush
but um thanks for saying something
what's down here
it's another monolith walking for a
beacon you can learn some words that's
that's good
I've researched I've recently got a got
a milestone I've learned over a hundred
words that's that was big for me early
on and you still can't make sense out of
anything anyone says well you'd make a
little more sense a little bit more the
end that you know that was important to
me where I thought that was gonna be a
really important aspect of the game
they're not not really to be anonymous
says just got the achievement over with
so I can continue playing the game the
meaningless achievement that means jack
shit I would I would love for a little
option to turn that off I would - that
would be great
that would be great there was something
else obvious I couldn't find a graphics
option for driving me nuts try to
remember what it was but how long I know
there's the whole field of view thing
we're on the PlayStation 4 you can't
change the field of view which is still
really bothers me just anonymous says I
just got tickets for my first Star Trek
convention in New York City super
excited they managed to fit a full
replica of the entire bridge panel Wow
yeah that's great booths and Shatner's
ego all in one plays any advice for a
first-time con attendee not really any
great advice and just enjoy it like
what's what are you gone too many full
on Star Trek conventions I usually when
I've gone to conventions used have been
like the comic-con Marvel comic I'm sure
a lot yeah I don't even know if I've
ever been to a cop or Wizard World as
it's called these days but I'm an old
man but you know like what does a person
who goes to one of these expect to do
like what kind of game plan did you you
can buy stuff and you can hear the
people talk was the two things those are
your options you go to buy things here
the people talk that's it
all right I like it bring
bunny bring it bring bring lots of money
cash probably cash right yeah oh yeah
cash in cash a lot of booths need we'll
probably need a lot of cash don't get
mugged and bring cash yeah I think
that's just a general like piece of
advice is don't get mugged
the chair is telling me I'm gonna do
some goofy sprint mail a jump thing to
move faster which that's just bullshit I
shouldn't have to do that no you do
faster you shouldn't have to do that ah
let's see so so yeah yeah drink lots of
water and you know have a good time
look at all the shit it's mostly gonna
be booths where you can buy shit
that's what ninety nine ninety five
percent of its gonna be
it's just booths to buy yeah sure then
booths to talk to stars or no why not
talk to booths to give them $50 for a
signed autograph sure sure yeah I guess
don't don't go in expecting to like have
a meaningful conversation with me and a
circus or anything oh yeah there's one
there's a little box with a light coming
out of it I might need carbon and iron I
figured what the chip is made out of
daddy's just iron actually not no
iron everywhere wait till you save and
then Oh
this week's are bred by I Ron butterfly
in the Garden of Eden um let's see here
where were we anonymous the final
frontier of space this is the Starship
Enterprise trips continues to delve into
the world of this new mission seek out
new life a new culture boldly go what
what okay gobbledygook is back at it
rich all right watch a 48 slot ship 48
slot suit and 48 slot gun unlock with
all cannons beams jet packs print
support and mining and all upgrades to a
+5 or better why should it win Wow well
there's one you start out shitty and in
move over time yeah that's what that's
what go would be good God as I think
that goes to our we were not feeling the
us getting better the the grind the
obnoxious grind yeah yeah I'm not
feeling the obnoxious grown they don't
like the obnoxious you're right no
you're feeling the grind but you're not
feeling yourself get stronger because of
the grass that's the problem
you're supposed to grind slowly now I
want to get that shit out of the way
because I don't like the grind but
that's all the game is oh there was a
hole yeah yeah and don't forget to save
you saving you get out of the ship yeah
but then if you do that then you get
bonus when it's fine and that'll get you
more money because then you can go into
the menu and upload sake have you been
getting all the money from that no
that's like free money all right all
right all right you want money to buy a
ship it's like free money rich that ship
money though huh
that adds to it who knows how much you
got a bypass ship uh where were we
rich what no what am I doing wrong now
oh no sorry not that one first uh poor
man's friend says how did the studio
come about well I'm sure someone built
it somebody said we really need a place
to film things I believe that was Mike
and J's let's rent a place to film
things I believe that was Mike and J's
thought process was man it would be nice
to have a place to film things that was
not our living room and then they were
into the building who has to drive the
longest to get there by the way rich it
sounds like he is becoming more
frustrated as time goes by I think he
needs a hug when he goes home he will
get a hug from carrying on being I'm I
am incredibly getting more frustrated
the more I play the more I play the the
angrier I get at the game I'm just
trying to make it to the center of the
universe and the game keeps fucking with
me oh wait so what did you choose at the
thing transmission transmission I was
supposed to pick right transmission no I
lost it maybe I was told transmission
okay I wanted yeah I can go back to it
choose transmission RNG for transmission
tower gives you crash ship so the oh oh
so the transmission gets you to the
tower what crashed ship and then the
tower randomly the the random number
generator might give you a crash it how
is what is what all of that is what
gobbledygook I think I think granting
gold might get me there faster I think
crying hopefully get a ship else the
shitty ship grind hopefully get a ship
no crying hopefully get a ship no grind
hopefully gonna ship no grind hopefully
get a ship no crying hopefully good ship
I'll just shitty chef grind hopefully
gonna ship no grind hopefully gonna ship
no grind hopefully gonna ship no crying
hopefully get your mother's ship oh
alright hopefully get a ship grind
hopefully good I'm just gonna firm gold
fuck it yeah cuz they always you're
shooting shit where were we so now rich
but choc storm would like to know what
the best weird al' album is I don't know
albums I know songs when the best song
is Amish paradise he's done Amish
paradise is pretty good pretty how much
paradise is his best and he's had great
ones I loved the video for fat is is
great the greatest I mean there's a when
you once you factor in the video but
just saw sure just the song how much
paradigm a paradise that's what you're
going with interesting as I walked
through the valley where I harvest my
grain take a look at my wife and
realized she's very plain that's just
perfect for an Amish like me you know we
shunned fancy things like heat
electricity 4:30 in the morning I'm
milking cows oh god damn it something
something in Jacob plows yeah yeah but
I've been milking and Shirin and so long
that even as it you'll thinks that my
mind is gone I'm a man of the land I'm
into discipline got a Bible on my knee
and a beard on my chin that might be the
other way around yeah the the best Weird
Al song is Albuquerque everyone knows
that
alright is his like freeform thought
rant on moving to Albuquerque
greatest you know I was with some people
recently who do business with the Amish
yeah and they told me some stories about
the Amish they're horrible horrible
people uh they might be I don't know the
the Amish have some very interesting
workarounds for how they get business
done with outsiders because as you know
an Amish person say could not have a
telephone right but that doesn't mean an
Amish person can't use a telephone oh my
god they cannot own a telephone and so
oftentimes what will happen is an Amish
businessperson will buy a telephone for
their employee II uh and then their
employee and so like the Amish person
buys a telephone but it's further
employee who's not Amish then that
employee as part of their job has to
leave that telephone at the Amish
person's house so the Amish person can
use that telephone no no problem all the
time but technically they do not own it
okay then that same employee also
therefore Amish you're finding loopholes
for their shitty rules they have found
all these loopholes an Amish person will
also buy that same employee a truck so
that employee can drive to and from work
but of course then that employee like
just drives around Amish people okay
there are crazy Amish yeah we're losing
all of our Amish audience right now but
but like they were going through all of
like the workarounds that an Amish
person has to go through just to do
business uh at that point what the fuck
are they doing like how many rules do
you have to bend before you just say
everybody's rules don't work so well I
saw a documentary once about teenage
Amish kids who go out into the real
world right before they're fully
accepted as an amish
i forget what it's called but there's
all kinds of horrible debauchery that
goes on well and they're supposed to be
yeah like that's it like get it out of
your system and if you can come back
then you're true ramen yes
it's a it was a fascinating documentary
I just can't remember what it was called
there's a specific name for Rumspringa
Rumspringa that's what it's gone okay
Rumspringa I've heard this before
Rumspringa wear an Amish youth and will
go out into the real world and they can
do whatever the fuck they want no rules
and if they come back they all cool um
just this guy you know says Jesus tips
have gotten kind of weird around here
guys tell me about it I briefly
considered getting no man's sky when I
had a free day recently but it wasn't
out yet so I bought starbound instead
great call I've heard great things about
Starbound haven't gotten around to
playing that yeah miss spring is going
no it's not a week it's not like rum
Springer can last as long as the
teenager wants it yeah for some Amish
youth it lasts years and they live in a
horrible debauchery some might not come
back
and some might not come back but here's
the thing you can do whatever you want
on Rumspringa and if you come back to
the Amish Way of life like the rules of
Amish religion say you're absolved of
all the sins that you committed during
Rumspringa
yeah I'm sure Linga this is how I said
I'm a Springer I think you have to say
it German yeah yeah yeah seven of
Borgnine says rich what have you played
dishonored yet I need to it's one of
those like that's a game I'm gonna get
very involved in and just my head space
for a long time lately you spend the the
quicker games
yeah or Katie type stuff you gotta get
in there rich fine fine the time the the
Ultimate Edition is quite cheap well you
already own it I own it okay I own it I
wouldn't mind another minute HD one
recently I really came out yet but what
we need just this guy know says the the
seven of organ and says the Ultimate
Edition is quite cheap and the second
game is going to be out soon I think you
would enjoy it based on your love of
thief also hi jack
also I Jen also hijack moon in front
says arrested for that I'd you I
wouldn't I wouldn't recommend it don't
say that
near an airport please please they do
take they take even joking about that
very very seriously
Oh start to our question for moon front
rich yeah and only you can answer this
because you know me I don't remember
names or people or places or things
okay why is it data can recreate the
speeches the speech of others perfectly
Allah brothers but cannot use
contractions F s bullshit is it ever
explained in the show cuz bullshit
oh there's no camera I was pointing to
rich yeah because that's the data is not
a real cyborg its script and it's
written sometimes they do things you
know for dramatic reasons sometimes the
writer will do a thing called making up
a rule then that's the rule and the
writer made it up so they could be in an
interesting situation like with data
they made up this rule where you can't
use contractions and then when the hobos
his name let's date his brother
Laura when Laura came and can use
contractions that's how they figured out
that it was Lord it's miss all me good
thing don't don't you remember don't you
remember the death of Superman the Death
of Superman lives by max landis and the
conversation he had with his father john
landis the conversation goes like this I
don't remember
remind me oh it's it's a great it's a
great little web web show that max
landis made I think I've seen it even I
just don't remember them the
conversation that he had with his father
John Landis goes like this rich how do
you kill a vampire
you stake him in the heart you put them
out in sunlight no vampires aren't real
you kill them however the fuck you write
it in the script that's the conversation
he had with his dead that's how it works
collecting data says thought brent
Spiner uses contra
sometimes on accidents probably probably
I'm sure it happens every once in a
while so haven't found that crash ship
so I've found it that was your second
beacon yep
no crash ship yet Oh gobbledygook sis
doing rich just gobbledygook sis doing
we know that we know that crashed ship
yeah yeah see if you can find it and see
they find him we're worried where were
we
gobbledygook s-- says you don't want a
beacon you want a transmission yeah but
the beacon takes you to the transmission
tower right how else do you find the
transmission tower if you don't have the
beacon gobbledygook s-- make multiple
bypass chips and doom or multiple
transmission surges all right our Isis
gobbledygook rich and daemon nation says
you're wasting valuable gold grinding
time by looking for this crash ship
progress progress made towards getting a
new ship since going the transmission
route zero
you can do it you can do it rich I
believe in you Oh goblins again says the
rng i mentioned the random number
generator was using the bypass chip just
keep using bypass chips until you get a
transmission tower right but rich is
finding transmission towers but then to
transmit that last couple time last one
or two times i didn't it
okay okay enough Oh fair enough every
ship you find will be a me I forget that
I can use those things more than once
sure sure
gobbledygook says every ship you find
will be a marginal increase you have to
know how to search Ritchie shoulda
rolled as I think the moral of the story
mining gold huh so I get a really really
good you you could have I could have
done
you couldn't this whole time you could
have been getting a ton of gold like a
ton of what's it wait what's here so 2.7
you you've earned this stream so far I
saw a really nice one that I wanted once
it was like 3.7 no
okay that was my goal to get around four
you can also go through and upload all
of your shit and get a probably a ton of
money I haven't I don't know how much
I've actually been doing that kind of
stuff though scanning yeah anonymous
says joke funny not found no here's the
joke mrs. Adam West went to the vet my
dairy cow seems sad when I'm done
milking them the vet said well how would
you like it if someone played with your
tits for two hours without fucking you
Amy Kimball says hey guys what are your
favourite Aussie TV shows movies etc
besides Mad Max rich watching you escape
watching you stream from the Uni in
Sydney on Thursday arvo much love from
Australia first game that's just really
easy one that's an easy one isn't that
um oh what's the what's the comedy show
that made fun of old Italian filmmakers
it was like danger 7 okay what was a
cold I don't call a chat chat it was
called like danger maybe it's called
danger 7 I believe that was Australian
someone's gonna tell me I think it's
called danger 7 no danger 5 oh I was so
close rich it's called danger 5 and I
believe that was an Australian show it's
like it's like a web show but it's still
incredibly incredibly funny danger 5 if
you like some of the movies we watch on
best of the worst you watch yourself
some danger 5 season one only season 2
it kind of falls off but season 1 a
danger 5 is brilliant
yeah danger 5 is the same people who did
Italian spider-man did you ever see that
that YouTube video italian spider yeah
that's the same then they went out to do
danger 5 okay they're great they're
great
Casey Boehner live says shameless plug
ahead rich if you are looking for an
arcade eMobile game check out my indie
game super wizard fever for on ios and
android retro infinite retro infinite
runners similar to Canabalt
that was indeed shameless that was a
shameless plug but you know what
literally I guess it's just an
advertisement at this point because they
paid for it so I said it I said the
thing you paid for
and it made a thing really be desperate
if we're doing the advertising yeah
they made a thing they wanted to share
the thing they made this is a neat
building huh this is a neat building oh
yeah oh you can I bet you could do some
of that trading here I bet a bunch of
ships will come here
buy my book says gadget Freeman buy my
book oh look there's a ship and then
gobbledygook switch we talked about a
re-imagined okay great Hey we hate rich
what we're caught up on tips
hey nice sorry we had that we the plug
through a couple of they oh hey got a
mission fluid nice oh you need that if
you're gonna warp yeah you need that
rich you did well there what do you got
I want at least 30 slots on this fucking
ship Dan Taylor - shittin ya 23 slots
for 1.2 no that's pretty good hey would
that I had the money I might get a
really nice fucker what I'm saying is
for your 30 slot ship it's looking like
you're in the right price range 23 slots
is 1.2 so that's great that's great rich
left over beefcake says rich what what
just keep playing the game the wrong way
because if you do so we'll get more tips
from gobbledygook so I can buy that new
computer I need thanks me of cake so the
goal is to buy low so high right and so
like so I are you in the buying section
so like none of these are extreme but
sometimes you'll see them in like the
negative 50% negative
percent right so like none of these are
too great so I would say don't buy any
of these right but sometimes yeah you
can you can just be a marketplace we're
not doing why are we looking for more
transmission towers are we just gonna go
you rich this is your gaming experience
you tell me I'll take a look at some of
these guys ships say what's going on
what are these ships these could be good
similar ships they're the exact same
ships they have the exact they are by
definition similar you didn't go far
enough is what I'm saying twenty three
slots okay for a one point two again
that's more than what you what how many
do you have fifteen oh okay so that's I
mean the DLC ones like seventeen you got
a better ship in your inventory yeah
little teeny bit see if they have
anything crazy discount
alright sheet suspension fluid yeah yeah
nope nope
did you sell all your gold already nope
okay
tried it maybe so look at look at them
if they're selling at a good price or if
they're buying at a good price too
that's a good point welcome to honest
Gore walks you spaceship Emporium we
sell all the good spaceships here how
many in Oh 24 inventories la 30 my
minimum is fucking 30 goddamnit
I didn't grind for 10 hours for nothing
just like 10 more slots than you have is
a good slot you smile you know what you
can put in those loves plenty slots you
can put plutonium in those slots you
could put all your pyrite in those slots
you could put all your zinc know what
else you can put into these slots way I
don't understand this is sexting is you
make the love to the slot oh no no don't
believe I am to be explaining this to
you know
I know I want to make a lot of two-slit
I want to make love in slot I want slot
to make love to me how I do this yeah
what's he buying gold for or he's not
he's not buying gold
oh no you sold all your gold did I
apparently or is it in your ship you
have to move it to your personal
inventory no I guess I guess I sold her
the one of the last stops mm-hmm and
forgot about it all right no big deal
okay no big deal
great this is great
Puma man's friend says hey what's up
guys subscribe to my youtube channel
subscribe to my youtube channel and half
of the video is me telling you to
subscribe this is gonna start a whole
thing and I've been Zeist zero zero says
hey guys still loving the stream I'm on
vacation this week and I took some time
to watch it what thank you for sharing
your vacation with us
eivin's iced let's see here put this
towards the new computer I recently
upgraded mine and I know it feels good
yeah it was good
I've been taking a look at like some
small form small form bills gaming
centric computers you know there's some
pretty reasonable prices and you know
just trying to figure out figure out
what I need processor wise that's the
obvious like park system processor
graphics card is the biggest mine mine
is overkill
you're what my processor okay well you
know if I you know we I need something
that works that's the only thing that's
my old that's my only my only criteria
is something that I'll play overwatch
that's all I care about
if it plays overwatch it will probably
play everything else
because I'm I'm also not someone who is
here's the question are you having me
build this or are you getting something
pre-built I'm looking at some of the
pre-built stuff or some of the stuff
that's like partially pre-built yeah
where you know like oh I can put in my
own SS SSD I can put in my own graphics
card but most of its pre-built I've been
I've been looking at these smaller form
gaming computers listen each chip I'm
sure it's tiny yeah that looks like a
tiny chip if anyone watches Linus's
Linus tech tips he has a he's a great
YouTube channel where she does computer
reviews and a lot of his stuff is 18
slots get the fuck out of here bad shit
really
you were pooh-poohing 24 slots before ya
know I'm not gonna buy it
alright just say for what for the price
it's not a bad ship yeah do a joke build
stream we're rich just bumbles and
destroys PC parts not a bad idea it's
not about faking it with a the build a
PC stream fireworks inside of just an
old crappy PC
I know I'll be fine I just have yet to
pull the trigger and you know it's just
one of those things where you know the
strategy here is to look for something
in the double digits at least right you
know what I never do this I'm just
saying that's what people do have and
you know what it looks like you don't
even have to worry about it because you
have plenty you've had plenty of money
to buy all these ships anyway so I think
you you have enough money and if you
don't I'm just kind of go get some more
gold anyway so it won't really matter
look at look at the sheep
I'll check it out later but it's gonna
be time I know what you think
Jack said dude unless that's the
opposite 99 plus 99.9 so he yeah we we
want geek charms so yeah he's probably
buying get terms at at a premium right
now which is great oh look at that bacon
oh I bet there's got ton of room in the
room he left oh this is the ship you won
right I can tell this is it look at that
look at that behemoth back it up back it
up
it's kind of ugly but it's kind of
something it's just kind of oh oh
23:23 they had a bigger one before 93
I've seen a 31 I've seen it you see I
know it's possible
damn it oh yeah oh no you know like I'm
not like I'm not concerned with 4k with
with my gaming computer um mostly
because most of my gaming is done in my
office and I just have a tiny monitor so
I don't care about 4k uh yeah I just
want you know I want something that'll
get me 60 frames a second at most games
that's all I really care about what's
the antimatter formula again antimatter
is for you know that glowing green ball
yeah you do that and then you get a
glowing purple ball and then you do that
and then you can turn it into antimatter
I don't think you have all the formulas
yeah Carbon turns into the glowing green
ball then you add plutonium and it turns
into a glowing purple ball then you add
the blue stuff and zinc and it turns
into an Taemin right is the formula get
a bigger monitor I don't know I have you
know what I have a very nice-sized
monitor it's on my desk it's very close
to me I'm happy with my monitor also a
lot what the Atlas tone
yeah but that's your analyst stone don't
you need that I'm not using the analyst
who bought this the pipe menu oh they
were selling one oh you could have
multiple Atlas stones here you need ten
at the center of the galaxy they have
heard I don't I don't have any I didn't
even get the one that you start with
what's going to happen when I get to the
center of the universe and I don't have
any Atlas start with one huh did we
start with one no you got to choose
whether you don't think that's the same
thing okay
you got to choose whether you took the
Atlas stone and I assume that the Atlas
stone was like a tutorial so I didn't
take it and that chose to go my own way
so what's the strategy on the buying and
selling because I'm not seeing anything
selling for a favorable price that's
we'll see I think this is this is very
similar to your gold grind where
literally people will do whatever is
favourable right even the low digit
favorable and then they'll just keep
doing it over and over again I think I
don't think you need to worry about it
though don't get yeah but yeah just buy
buy low sell high do you bother when
it's in the single digits is the
question sure that's a fair question
would is it bigan that's probably
another I wonder if all ships are the
same like go to that red one is that
another 23 slot one I think it's why I
talked to earlier I think I was in a
different place
no that's a 24 slot one closer well yeah
what I was wondering is if ship types
always have the same amount of slots
we've seen that body before that chassis
but it only had 23 slots
well there's probably have roughly the
same right okay I'm with him oh sorry
I've been missing tips because we were
talking about stuff
anonymous says Jack are you hunting for
naked alien woman to put slots in no no
cuz you know what you get these Tron
guys in a bunch of ugly aliens that I
don't want to put nothing and no I'm
saying go capaldi cooks what what
gobbledygook is being very kind to us
what a gambling kook say here is a $60
refund for no man's sky oh that's not
necessary gobbledygook we appreciate
that and you know Captain Cook says to
put it towards stellaris it's a
real-time strategy game or for a
platformer try Starbound or for a fun
action adventure try DC Universe Online
for the ps4 it's for you Fox comedy
cooks I'm glad that you're enjoying the
game rich and I aren't but yeah I mean
we appreciate that I've heard great
things about Starbound and seven of
Borgnine says rich what is your favorite
white sox player of all time all time
all the times well probably someone from
the o5 team Paul Konerko Jermaine Dye
and I like that whole fucking team she
have always been find of AJ Pierzynski
everyone hates him and that's what makes
him a great baseball player
it's a troublemaker you want him playing
on your team oh okay
that's great
I was at a Zen a White Sox game once
they're playing Detroit and a lot of
Detroit fans will travel to watch an
away game at what a White Sox play oh so
you're for sure oh sure yeah
and AJ was not playing that game it was
the other catcher was playing and this
drug Detroit fan just kept heckling AJ I
kind of love it yeah I kind of love it
let's see here
and Jack excluding marijuana what is
your favorite experience with drugs
Thank You 749 um so plus 89 that's good
wait are you selling it for yeah yeah
that's a good deal so that's profit
that's a profit I had a couple really
fun experiences with other drugs the the
one time I did I made a tiny little bit
of money there you go so there go tiny a
little bit you're almost at three mil
that's close you're getting somewhat oh
look fuck I'm running I'm running you
can um yeah jump over yeah catch
yourself oh that's it rich run run run
run run run run get to the front get to
the front get to the front need to be in
front and this is gonna be it rich or
maybe not I don't know
look at that ship look at that ship 28
slow Oh 3.2 million 28 slots
see if he wants to bind oh yeah oh oh
yeah do all of this stuff wait go to
your discoveries were they were they all
there and just start uploading
everything nothing's uploaded yeah you
get my new game the other night I don't
know why just give it another you get a
fresh start
sure
so I probably don't have that many
discovery sir why are you not uploading
anything I have never actually done this
no I mean it's not working you have to
hold it down
Oh Ming there you go so now you do all
the planets and then you have to click X
on all the planets to do all the stuff
on all the planets see if you can get to
3.2 were rich see if you got enough in
here No so now hit X on each planet
would you hold down the a button so I
got hold on the a button so it's you
know a different on the PlayStation why
are you in my way oh I know isn't it
annoying we're gonna see if he can get
there he's gonna get he's gonna be close
with all this stuff he's gonna be real
close I don't know if you'll have enough
but these are all of Rich's discoveries
and if he uploads them he gets oh wait
wait wait
before I do that well we're your
creatures are hold down on those arrows
yeah says there's probably a page - yeah
get him on get him on get him all so
anyway favorite drugs I did one time I
got high I also snorted ritalin while
getting high and that was a really
fantastic experience because you get all
the like sensory stuff of not even close
huh probably not you get all the sensory
stuff of pot but then you're also very
very focused I just felt like reading
all the books I didn't read all the
books we just listened to Bjork albums
all night and that was also really great
but that was a really great experience
and you know LSD is a fun drug if you
are prepared for it the first time I did
it I was not prepared for it and had a
really really bad time and the second
time I was more prepared for it and the
times after that I was more prepared for
it I hate that you have to hold the
fucking button Dom yeah and you have to
do it for every single one
it's kind of a pain in the butt all
right
oh that's all you got yep you haven't
been scanned hey not really you would
have had so much more money to scan a
little thing here and there it's all
fine yeah you know you could just try to
sell them shit
I just sell some all of your inventory
just see what weight you're after he
wants to buy that's bad
no you're you've can G how many did ways
wait are you buying stuff from yes oh oh
oh no no sorry I thought you were
selling them stuff sounds like wait you
have four effigies I'll get you some
cash ah
where was it sorry Jen says oh sorry Jim
gave us a tip to make sure my computer
has some nice RAM to it thank you sorry
Jen
I guess this is the thing we're gonna
have to start looking into now I will
start I will start showing rich some of
my ideas for gaming PC's and obviously
sure you what if I can find it the
website I went to that really helped me
put together a PC yeah yeah okay
dang dag Heche dag josh says at what
point does bad science pull you out of a
piece of media left eye has been
twitching quite frequently all this
dream and last but that's just me what
what like what at what point does actual
science take you out of science fiction
it has and I'm drawing a complete blank
on anything specific right now
unfortunately but it has sure
it's just one of those but that's not
how that works say I'd say in Mass
Effect when they started going out onto
spacewalks with just like a little
breathing mask and the women were still
wearing like the skimpy outfits
revealing that the arms and the cleavage
yeah that's a real thing that's a real
thing
that's great
that's great I love it what I have my
breathing mask on I'm breathing just
fine here in outer space my cleavage do
or don't worry about that rich that's
gonna bounce all over the place yeah not
mother's buying and selling clothes
seems tedious yeah the time consuming
don't worry about it just be on the
lookout for those that got that ship
with the balls on it that's that's the
ship you need well apparently I need
another half mil yeah yeah parently what
is he ship daddy yeah well fuck her
that's fine mm-hmm I love your stuff to
buy and a good price I don't I don't
know if I will build the PC yeah like I
said I've been looking I've been kind of
half-assed half-assedly looking at
pre-built smaller form pcs just because
I know my office and I know like my desk
situation right now I need something
small oh they're just selling like one
of these at a time oh god this is
terrible
yeah well then stop doing I'm going to
whoops so yeah make money my doing the
training thing that's what I heard I
have not done it
don't get the insurance plan and what I
would rather watch Jack build a PC by
the way if I spent that time fucking
around with transmissions uh-huh I would
have had enough gold to buy that ship I
would have had enough gold couple tea
cooks you know I'm not making anything
on those okay that's the same price up
here all right all right
it's the same it's the same pilots same
trading amount every time per space
station your station okay so you got to
travel to another stage you want to find
someone who will buy at double on a big
item than buy from another pilot and
sell well you go back is the price the
same or does the price update
well you they probably want you to buy
it one space station then find another
space station wait those ships had good
slots right I'm um I'm getting that
other half mil first you gonna are you
going for gold he's going for gold oh oh
wait you want to find someone who will
buy a double on a big item then buy from
another pilot and sell when that other
pilot returns the pilots come back this
is what got a cycle and so so you you
take a look at what a pilot wants and
you look at four big items then you wait
for another pilot to come sounds like a
headache this looks like an other
insurer well oh right I've only stream
and that's the thing that's why I do
need a PC it'll be it'll be more
powerful than my Mac it'll be something
and you know the other reason I'm
looking at small form is is pasta is
easier for traveling for streams here
you know cuz rich brings his big Tower
in and so I've been looking at the small
yeah gaming centric ones because then
you know like if we can find good prices
probably gonna get better airflow in a
larger one I used to meet a mid one well
and that's why that's what I've been
concerned about is cooling yeah - tech
tips actually just recently did a thing
on a liquid
coold small form gaming PC at reasonable
prices liquid we might be overkill might
be overkill you have problem with liquid
you're gonna have a ruin a computer
oh no and he's also pointed to some that
are not liquid cool that they've put to
the benchmarks and have had no
overheating issues you're probably not
going to be overclocking right right oh
no and liquids gonna be overcomed yeah
so I like I said I've been kind of
half-assedly looking because if I can
find a good price on one then we could
theoretically have a streaming computer
that stays here yeah which would be very
nice because I know travelling with a
big desktop is it's got to be a pain in
the butt it is yeah it is so would you
want well you won't you would want him
sue me you would want water just at home
yeah oh yeah yeah so you think need to
maybe if we can find decent enough
prices or you know we'll check out your
website see if we can get these brothers
let me know what kind of money we have
to spend okay I'll look into that
yeah let's see here
aimless Corsair says I never realized
how much alien life-forms would look
like Daft Punk they do it's kind of
crazy here's two dollars to try to get
them to play harder better faster
stronger thank you aimless Corsair this
time it's lupus rich what what what what
I hear you did I hear you guys right
were you talking about the 2005 White
Sox yeah the pitching was the most
impressive part of it
I know I know mark Burley is the shit I
am Oh L do believe like fucking - two
fucking no-hitters actually one of them
was perfect fucking game is it that is
that like mark Burley is that oh I just
don't get excited by pitching pitching
who's el duque I'll do it El Duque I was
one of the pictures on the 2005 team
shutting down the Red Sox for complete
games in the ALCS epic epic asking me
what my personal favorite player is yes
I just don't get as excited for pictures
for pictures I understand how fucking
important they are
don't you don't you doubt that this is
that's not what the question was yes
that 2005 team they won on pitching I
damn well know that but but rich was
saying his Bobby Jenks they had a closer
with a hundred mile an hour fastball
no that's the same that's the same isn't
same but it was more fun to watch this
asshole as well you're saying yes I
enjoy watching often sorry I'm sorry
sorry no no I think it's fine mister go
it says hi guys
check out Tom's Hardware comm system
builds for ideas on gaming pcs on
various budgets I've been following
their advice for 10 plus years and
they've never steered me wrong
who Tom's Hardware okay it's one of
those PC building sites oh sure I know I
know there's a lot of them like I said
I've only been half-assedly looking i
I'm gonna start looking a little harder
and of course rich and I need to look at
our budget but you know it's been a
while we we haven't really done any big
ticket items in a while I mean you know
we got that uh we got that that uh the
webcam oh no you know what we also did
just get a new USB cable so yeah so
makeup that goes every budget rich do we
get new PCs or do we get a VR setup I
know oh yeah yeah yeah preach to the
choir there the answer is new PCs all
the time every time
epic jason says rich have you ever
designed your own spaceship either as a
kid or as it is all the time I do a
little constantly you do till your own
spaceships yeah that's adorable I'm
gonna Legos like doing it on paper rich
is a spaceship kind of guy now this one
I like they're just kind of crescent
moon shape
oh he was like a battering yeah it was
like a beggar ringing speech like a
Batarang okay he kind of crescent moon
but the tips would go down to shape it
was all shape I had in my head so yes
this is something I have done race makes
P cubes I'm gonna make a speaker based
off a meter space it's gonna keep me get
moving
you're watching you've watched too much
Robot Chicken anybody I don't know if
I've ever seen an episode of Robot
sounds just like the nerdy one that's
just a nerd voice that's can your voice
you say everybody
okay that's fine that's fine that's fine
I wasn't criticizing you I'm just
noticing thing I just noticed thing
that's okay that's the one with with the
toys right yeah Robot Chicken ice my
might have seen an episode we got they -
Seth MacFarlane robotic green okay he
under family Geico that's why - I got no
I'm second farland has done a voice in
there frequently they know each other
I'm sure you're a good friend
they're great fringe that's not the
voice of the girl from The Incredibles
that's Sarah Vowell and she has like she
has almost a no bother
Oh Annie or kind of voice I love Sarah
Vowell
have you ever yeah have you ever read
her books no but I've heard her on NPR
she writes wonderful books there you
know like a lot of Mars like collections
of her stories from this American life
but yeah I love Sarah Vowell
anonymous says I had this glitch in this
game probably I heard about this glitch
in a game I had this a glitch in this
game it happened to tell rich to buy
high sell low
also Jack makes me want to do drugs like
III can tell you about my bad
experiences doing drugs if if that'll
help you guys we and you know the fact
that I stopped doing them because I no
longer did anything else and became
depressed and became so paranoid that I
did not leave my the basement room of a
house I was renting with my friends even
though my friends were upstairs I was
scared to go upstairs really because I
was so paranoid that's what that's what
uh marijuana ended up doing to me is it
made me so paranoid that was the pot
that was the pot and so I would just
stay in my basement room all day playing
Metal Gear Solid I'm getting high rarely
going upstairs and that was that was no
fun I think there you know for me it
just did not work out very well but and
that's why I stopped and you know the
other thing about my time on the pot
yeah I didn't make one thing I'm so
sorry it's not a big deal I got it
that's a big deal for me cuz that's what
I do
yeah I make things I make videos I
didn't in comedy I I love making things
and I did not do a single goddamn
creative thing while I was on the pot
because I was too busy enjoying all of
the creative thing the the enhanced
experience of the pot so for me it ended
up really not working it might work for
someone else but for me it really really
did not end up working I just don't need
it yeah yeah you're I mean you're fine
wait till they see that topic we went
off fun on the last best of the worst
could you imagine rich Evans on the pot
you know what you probably just get
tired yeah just get tired
Cerie Cerie chen that is incredibly
incredibly nice thank you very much
tore towards the half a PC at home but
also at the studio fun Thank You Cerie
Jen also remember to play Phoenix right
of course now you know for that that's
the pressure sure but we appreciate that
sorry Jim you know what I'm gonna what
will will hatch it out banjac I'm gonna
advocate for the Phoenix right now I'm
going to be a Phoenix right a trip I
think I mean I'm not against Phoenix
right but I think we've been holding off
on Sierra games for long enough okay all
right where I'd probably want to fit in
a Sierra game first as far as like a
voice
sorry might settle for a police quest
three Sara Chen how do you feel about
them how do you feel about those police
quest or you know cuz like for me
they're the same we just do voices and
they're kind of simple yeah Sara Chen
I'm looking out for you in a chat here
to see how you feel about police quest
or Space Quest to police quest 3 or
Space Quest 2 Beefcake says no time like
the present for some Phoenix Wright hint
and I didn't bring it with so we can't
do Phoenix right today no I'm gonna
grind another three hundred thousand
dollars so I can buy a fucking spaceship
that's going doing that is our goal
tonight rich Evans is gonna get a new
spaceship and it's gonna be awesome
Sarah Chang goes Wow we have Space Quest
2 and we have police quest 3 the ends of
this at the end of the sunny Bond star
both we have said we would play but I
know police quest 3 is when we start
getting point-and-click II yeah I don't
even know if we did voice doesn't be
less creative for the things we do is
what that basically means yeah but you
know what we can still do voices still
have a fun time we can't interact with
the world there's many interesting ways
that's true we just click on the things
that were allowed to click on but if
people just want to hear that sunny buns
then that's what we're gonna do seven of
Borgnine says God
