Episode 188
Overwatch, but not XCOM related (part 2)
September 19, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E8EaL4tTAE
___________________________________________

oh I like Dorado to Toronto's a good map
everybody swapping out if you play a
couple games you swap out that's how
we're doing it cool great good enough
for me
good all all my wrists the wigs my
wrists
you guys fat shaming Dom DeLuise was
pretty cheap especially when he has
three sons well because it was totally a
serious critique if Dom DeLuise it's not
like we're not fat I'm not joining
anyone's group it's just where the joke
took us you know and Dom DeLuise as a
comedian might not have liked it but
would have understood it you know uh and
yes even like a serious critique of Dom
DeLuise no no it was the absurdity of it
all talking about how he could
accidentally have sex on a bus right
it was cringe-worthy yeah whatever yeah
it was funny
we thought it was funny you might not
have thought it was funny but we thought
it was funny
that's all that matters we thought it
was funny
yeah most comedians have thick skins
he'd like like I said he might not have
liked it but where he's still alive
I am the blue blazes loved playing that
terribly imbalance game with you guys
shut up I had an idea for a stream that
I was thinking of doing semi retro
playing games that are 10 to 20 years
old
does that sound interesting I don't what
you played up could be what yeah you
always try it see if it works yeah yeah
you can do whatever you want to do man
busty nut says did you know recently
discovered species of ant in the Amazon
cloned themselves there are no males in
the colony and all of the spawn are
genetically identical to the Queen I did
not know that and that sounds
interesting Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says the Jerry Lewis does well the day
the clown cried be leaked within 24
hours or destroyed by his executor x' if
he has it if he has the only copy really
doesn't want anybody to see it he would
have destroyed it himself by now
yes that is a true statement rich if it
exists and it can be destroyed and he
has it because his will implies he has
it it's gone and it isn't already
Nava says if you had to choose a game
universe to be trapped in forever
which one would you choose and why
lol look my clip um you know something
nice like like flower that game that you
play as the wind that seems like a knife
oh no you know what you know what
universe I would choose to be in a
first-person shooter with regenerating
health yep you can depend where in that
universe you are uh I assume like can
you be one of the consciousness uploaded
to the satellite at the end of soma huh
maybe I like it hundreds of thousands of
years and the virtual paradise could
have worse fates yeah
well
where is he where is he
Namah says if you couldn't be dead and
had to be a nonhuman animal for one day
after which you can return to being
human and share your experience with
non-human animal would you fucking be
just playing a game rich I have no
answer there is no non-human animal I
have any interest in being for any
amount of time I'd be a bird I just make
me very uncomfortable and I would be
waiting for the experience to end as
soon as it could possibly end I'd be a
burden I'd fucking fly all over the
place and I'd be a fucking flying bird
and it would be great maybe I'd be a
birdy astir inside the woods all day
eating bugs or something great I just
fly I'd fly and I'd eat bugs and I'd
love it and I'd die for fish because I'd
be an eagle or some cool shit like that
too dumb to understand why what you were
doing was interesting well but they said
you can retain it and you tell the rest
okay that's the new game rich
rich has no goddamn whimsy I have no
interest in being a fucking animal the
difference look if you might be a dog or
a cat or something more power to you
don't the force that shit on me I'd be a
bird I'd be a beautiful bird and I'd fly
and I'd fly every when I'd soar and then
I'd come back and be like guys flying is
fucking awesome and everyone well yeah
we know we love flying would be great
and I never end and that would be the
insight that I brought to the situation
is that flying is awesome but everyone
knows that already I'll be a bird
specifically so I can shit on your head
whoa rich that's hardcore
rich is unable to lie in order to make
people leave them alone I am an honest
person that may be a fault
Natomas says you guys found 11 in the
woods would you hide that knowledge from
your significant others and/or Mike and
Jay no you got it you got to share
everything with your significant other
you can't you can you can't have secrets
it's just not it's not healthy it's not
good it's it's it's it's not conductive
to a long-term relationship and like I
know for storytelling purposes hiding
stuff creates tension but like in real
life you would already trust that person
a lot if you chose them to be your
significant other so it probably
wouldn't be an issue in real life yeah
yeah that's the be like yeah I got seven
here eleven eleven number seven seven
eleven 7-elevens fine it's fine there
are some things that exists in stories
that don't exist in real life because
they're dumb shadow elite five says yes
pick an animal god dammit the human
Anonymous's which would you rather have
a chimpanzee with vocal cords a dog that
lives 80 years
don't fuck I press the wrong button fuck
I'd rather have the dog that lives 80
years fuck still getting used to the
mouse everybody still getting used to
that Mouse a dog that lives 80 years or
what the minute science found out about
the chimpanzees I could talk they would
take it from you anyway to perform a
test on it cut its braid open even
because they wouldn't give a shit yeah
dog lose eighty years like the worst
part of my owning a dog is that they die
so quick and Karen loves dogs hmm
she can have that dog for entire fucking
life hmm that's a good thing mm-hmm
never been much of a dog person except
for the dog does that one I live lost at
this point
it really sucked for the doubt that you
need to get that dog right away is the
thing
not gonna work not gonna make it work
that was completely my lost team I had
my I had my ultimate and I used it on
the cart because I pressed the wrong
button
rich always finds the creamy rotten
center of things
mm-hmm and how how did I find the creamy
rotten center of that by explaining what
would happen to the talking chimp yeah
that's what what happened at the talking
chimp
yeah people don't want to hear that oh
yeah we'd have conversations if we go
out of lunch nobody would think anything
was odd about this talking chimp
it would attract no attention from
anybody uh-huh or we'd have to keep the
chip secret like some kind of sitcom but
really maybe kind of miserable for the
chick you're like a talking animal and
you could never express yourself to
anybody
yeah yeah and an eight but even an 80
year old dog like is that like human 80
were kind of the last 10 to 20 years
really sucks that would suck for the day
a proportional aging yeah then that
would kind of suck for the dog well no I
gets old enough if you put it down if
it's that mr. Finn said miserable yeah
peds you do with any anyone that's
settled if everybody's quality hers has
gotten too low am i right that's all you
do with anyone who's that know you've
read put Donald on oh yeah whew it's all
yeah yeah it's fine said we had dogs
growing up a lot of dogs growing up okay
living a farm a lot of things I had a
lot of animals
I try Hans ogen you try Hanzo again I'm
feeling a little more confident with my
mouse and keyboard we're gonna try Hanzo
again um oh we sure yeah put down dogs
put down cats
we had big dogs do someone more tough to
put down like is the talking chimp is he
super intelligent can he give me stock
tips what he doesn't have to be super
intelligent he just has the product he
has the ability to process you can say I
want a banana well it like that's the
question is he is he the the fleas out
of my fur does he have human
intelligence or chimp intelligence and
can talk
she has intelligence and guitars it
wasn't specified right because then he's
just gonna say I'm horny I'm hungry I'm
horny I'm hungry I'm horny I'm hungry
I'm horny I'm hungry
cuz that's all animals do you can't
neuter him because that the only thing
is get to talk about is why the fuck did
you do that to me no he'll still say I'm
horny I'm angry I know what you did he
won't say that baby woo doesn't have
consciousness rich you know I could rip
your fucking arms off right he would
start threatening you after the evident
maybe wait it what am I going you guys
don't know I'm horny I'm hungry horny
i'm horny i'm hungry you have a
belligerent threatening pet
polkas all says what are your two to
three favor games for us - from your two
favorite genres and the third is an
optional wild card thanks for all the
content you produce and for all the
abuse you take entertaining us what it
was hard it's one of those things it's
hard to rank yeah no I mean a lot of it
depends on what you're into now right
that's a huge part of it I'd I think for
a long time I would put binding of issac
up there with with a favorite of mine
like historically I love the fuck out a
thief right but I have a feeling all
trying to play it out I probably
wouldn't be in the right headspace for
ya tell the gooks
XCOM now everyone knows that I love the
new XCOM yeah yeah yeah yeah always been
fond of doom doom
everybody loves doom
which play thief to play it off stream
the atmosphere still lives up even today
yeah but I mean just I know that I have
just at the time to get engrossed even
in that sure what a dolt I got shit to
do you know you have other games to play
the world's coming to an end GOG is
changing their terms they are they're
changing the terms of service I saw that
how so I didn't read it yet I haven't
heard the news yet if it's not DRM three
then they're dead to me I think then
they are dead to me I think that's how a
lot of people are gonna feel about it so
I can't imagine it's that but it might
be like the start of it you know but
yeah that's that's the point where I
have to back up all the things I own
from them uh-huh but I got most of it
already bagged up like I've you know but
some of some recent things I purchased
like I guess I don't give a shit about
no man's sky haha I have to worry about
backing no man's sky oh no it I make
sure I have a hard copy of everything I
own from them like backed up on desk so
they've just announced a change but not
what it's going to be oh no they have
what it is but you know it's all
legalese and so people are still what's
figuring out what are they changing
GOG was a grand old games could all get
Oh game good ol games dot corn GOG calm
they mostly older games but they saw
every game they sell is drm-free at
least for now apparently yeah I might be
switching up or you know it might even
just be one of those things where it's
like change our Terms of Service we're
giving away all your information to
third parties now because that's how
people make their money who knows what
it is usually though when someone says
that it's not good good old games
yeah I really need more info before I
can give you a solid opinion on whether
what what's going on with that Wow I
just posted their changes and Jack
called it third party partners seem to
be a biggie all right so what we what
was it about their paper what oh I just
sharing user information with third
party partners yep that's what it is a
lot of times because that's that's a
secondary revenue source for a lot of
people is selling their users
information oh well I mean not that you
know it's not that you're going to get
some more spam emails
nice nice
well they added a wallet section okay so
there they're adding kind of like like
you know maybe giftable maybe steamed
currency that kind of stuff hmm due to
certain games that we'll be launching in
the future thank you for being our
healer we added some explanations about
the legal requirements surrounding
virtual item purchasing that could be
that could be the groundwork for for
what you own and those I don't know I
don't know all I really care about with
them is getting shit drm-free yeah yeah
yeah ooh route 66 that's a fun one well
I'm gonna check if anyone else is
friending me
anonymous system more crap about animals
umberto Cabbage Patch
hey God today is my birthday if you go
back in time to your 27th birthday Oh
what advice would you give to your
younger selves invest in Apple well I
think invest heavily in a rich Reese
pair down that's not that's not what
it's just an apple he's saying that that
that person is 27 years old invested I
don't invest in Apple anymore the stock
is not is not doing I mean it's probably
well Google don't know you can find find
it is in YouTube we don't invest in
YouTube why not you need to find you
need to find the next Apple on YouTube
and 37 year old you know they're 27
right now they want us to give them
advice not go not go back and that's the
if you could go back in time to your
27th birthday the spirit of it is I
believe he want they want us to impart
information on them I don't know your
goddamn future do what you want to do
with your life what you want okay as you
know
you're 27 years old but you have
knowledge of how it feels to be
30-something years old
enjoy it it's gonna get bad but it's
kind of getting real bad that's I mean
things are gonna stop working right this
is going to go away say goodbye this yep
yeah you know your health is really
important and as you get older it
becomes more important that you're
healthy so start getting healthy now
that's that's a piece of advice I didn't
I didn't start getting healthy until my
30s and it's the older I get the harder
it is to stay and maintain healthy and
so being a being a person of good health
can be hard harder when you're older so
start now that'd be a great piece of
advice also you should work more than
you think you should if you want to get
ahead in any business not so much my
what your businesses a lot of employers
will just take advantage of you if you
work hard sure and you'll you'll you'll
get nothing out of it though that'll use
you as much as they can
yep it's much about what your job is
there's some jobs take it easy I'm
thinking career not I've worked in a
grocery store before yeah the harder you
work the more they would have you do
yeah and you know what huh you get paid
exactly the same as the jerk who goes
out of his way to do nothing that's true
I had I'd incident I was working at the
grocery store working in the deli yeah
and I was out on the counter I was like
I'm packing some boxes I was like
filling up like the the cold cut meats
the hot dog Jesus I was taking product
then it's been a since I was doing work
yeah and you know one of my co-workers
walked up to me from behind the deli
counter it just starts bullshitting
about his life and what's going on in
his life sure and as he's talking to me
he's like he's like pointing up the
counter and the food while I'm while I'm
working yeah and I'm like what are you
doing I'm trying to make it look like
I'm doing something so eventually you
know cuz he was he owns worry about the
cameras looking at him sure so
eventually notice he's like
pointing like he's dictating to me I do
honestly he's just wrong about something
another time another time that's great
he's behind the counter in the deli yeah
and he's got this broom and he's moving
the broom back and forth I looked down
his broom is an inch off the floor what
a dickhead and I told him you know
that's actually taking more effort than
actually sweeping the floor would so
there's some jobs don't bust your ass
well some jobs I I you know they're not
gonna do you any favors I gave shit job
I gave that a job I gave that advice
assuming that they they were interested
in in non shit jobs and moving up the
ladder you know no was not Mike Mike
hasn't work ethic I don't think he would
be comfortable doing that he's clever
enough to do that sure but he has too
much of a work ethic well and that's
that's kind of what I was getting at is
is I I'm really happy that I have the
work ethic that I do and I feel like
that has helped me do the things I have
wanted to do yeah but sometimes a work
ethic might leave you still broke but
also physically busted sure work work
smart not hard yeah was it was it Bill
Gates it said or maybe it was maybe it
was Steve Jobs I forget one of the two I
think those that I would always hire a
lazy person mm-hmm cuz a lazy person's
gonna find an easier way to get the job
done that's I really hope that was one
of them because that is incredibly smart
yeah
like beat says would you rather have
talking dick dick that stinky slimy
going and poopy smelling shadow a leap 5
says a question for rich and Jack would
your had to be a dumb talking turtle of
Jar Jar Binks sonic mouse track says my
mom Chuck mousetrap says monkey Butler
or gorilla shipper both come with
uniform and job references Jiminy
Cricket bastard what the ever-loving
fuck is up with Aquaman what could they
possibly do in his movie I can't name a
single Aquaman villain black mantis he's
got a weird dumb thing at his head he's
stupid just like everything with an iPad
with the Aquaman yep none that says rest
of rest the rest of my tip you hacks it
wasn't just any old shit about animals
no um Aquaman I'm sorry just now
no we can talk enough is it not enough
you don't want talk about Aquaman
oh we can talk about Hawkman if you
really want I said you know yeah what
are they gonna do with Aquaman they've
already decided what they're doing with
Aquaman they're turning him into not
your father's Aquaman right he's a
hard-drinking surly Aquaman they've done
that before the 90s when when Aquaman
was beardy McGee oh yes they did do that
in the 90s and you know what it sucked
then to the Aquaman I really like is
from Batman Bolden the brave never watch
that is there a sprint if there's a
sprint Jack did not tell me about a
sprint just this guy has a sprint
oh but when you sprint you can't shoot
or use any yourself sounds useful for
survival it's less useful for survival
than you think it's more useful just for
getting places because you can't you
can't shoot when you sprint
none of you guys actually read Aquaman
isn't that Aquaman's problem why rich
that's exactly Aquaman's problem you
kind of hit it on the head there hit
that nail right on the head and possibly
unintentionally hit that nail right on
the head
you know I am loving these cringy tips
great
sorry chances speaking of cringy tips
yeah I had this weird-ass dream last
night or we all lived in a spaceship and
rich and I made out for some reason
while Jack piloted the ship but then the
ship is high school all right okay
that sure is weird you know what what
first I thought there are knots about
our tips getting wacky lately yeah it's
it's true it's absolutely true isn't it
our tips have there they're not getting
any less strange yeah or anything it's
gotten out of control out of control I I
don't know if out of control I did say
there they're getting you know we're
getting comfortable with each other
everybody's uh kind of knowing each
other and we just that's what happens
with the relationship it gets weird
they're getting not in control enough
whatever you're saying I don't know what
cuz I don't know what you're saying and
I'm very confused
this is trying to keep us entertained
they know all the shit all the basic
stuff like yeah you know how dar LM meat
right now how'd you do this like they
all know the basic stuff so it's getting
weird and I you know I guess I'm okay
with that
it's their in-game shit yeah but we turn
it off it's all about what animal would
you want to be there is in-game Chad we
turn it off mostly because someone asked
if rich wanted to make out with him or
something and so I said enough of that
which what is your favorite Oliver Stone
movie Natural Born Killers oh shit
what's this sprint huh what do you mean
what's this sprint don't use the sprint
oh it's this left front button okay but
you can't like I said you can't shoot
when you have his print okay
what's good for getting around no it's
great for getting around or out of
trouble out of trouble less so like like
right now would be a fine time no I'm
killing I didn't wanted to kill that
healer that was the important that was
my job there I wanted to kill that he
shot him huh but you shot him I killed
the healer Oh and then I and then I Dana
I got that I got I got the healer that
was my priority and that that was my
mission right there
rich ever play ultimate spider-man yes I
did it was ok I I liked that they really
emulated uh work Bagley's art style that
was neat oh I loved Begley's art style
there's a whole game utter desert styles
well Roy Elia yeah that sounds great
he used to wear ultimate spider-man that
sounds great I was really off foot the
first time I read ultimate spider-man
because his his style is so stark um and
then I just got so used to it I fell in
love with it and then and then whichever
artists took over after he left it was
just you yeah I remember that
I forget who took over I know but look
like ass of course it look cuz you know
what cuz it almost looked like someone
who is trying to do a Bagley impression
you know no because no business was all
different I remember spider-man's head
actually looked like a spear his head
wasn't like a perfect fucking spear it's
been so long
tearing so long it was just disgusting
ly terrible but Begley was great
great ultimate spider-man via game was
the only spider-man game you like try
try web of shadows huh
what was shadows is really good no I did
not win yeah we got hoes who what do
they do
he's a robot he's pretty cool yeah he
shoots bombs she shoots ice and freezes
people he makes turrets she's a sniper
she's diva you were her before he's got
the big shield in the hammer he's got a
shotgun and a hook that can hook people
and bring them close to his shotgun he's
a monkey she has a gun that she's a
sniper different staple different sniper
she heals your friendlies and defends
the other people he he heals everyone
around him she is the healer and she has
some interesting weapons and he has some
interesting weapons all healer classes
those are all healer classes there's the
one the robot that kicks ass mostly uh
he yeah he he kicks a lot of ass right
that's right okay so here's the thing
about him ya regular machine gun right
if you press okay sorry I went to adjust
my shirt the front around press the
front left button front left button
Oh love sorry so that's what switches
your modes into the badass minigun and
then the other one actually heals you so
you don't need to look for a health pack
you can heal yourself that's what the
right front button does
it's got a little robot friend
well at last something you should know
is as part of the balance for Bastian
when you're in that mode your back is
your weak spot okay okay so you take
more damage on your back I have never
read The Dark Horse series I've heard
good things about it but I have general
reservations about Stephen King so I've
never gotten around to it the Dark Horse
series their cower you mean Dark Tower
series yes and in that person said Dark
Tower but I read that course for some
reason
the lower button on you know the two
little left buttons that's reload that's
when I have to Ferrari load by the way
if you didn't want to press R for reload
what's wrong with Stephen King he writes
interesting premises bad dialogue and
his books usually have really bad
endings that's my real problem Stephen
King yeah is he kind of he kind of whips
the ending great premises that really
fall apart terrible ending second so
yeah I mean that's been my Stephen King
experience so
anonymous says anonymous I'll try to say
this as poetic as I can as this giant
rock continues to fly through space the
Sun sets and another day on planet Earth
comes to a close
luckily rib and black are here two
humanoid men they own oil huh I use that
ultimate it turns you into a tank so
yeah
ribbond black are here to humanoid men
they will soothe my primal fears it's
going for a little little Carl Sagan
right yeah I'm sick of sucking you're
sick of suck oh I not suck
you know a lot of games like this is
like I said understanding your place so
you kind of got a hang you know bastion
is better if he kind of hangs back
you got a hang back you got to find a
good perch and you and you just have to
a lot of it is just knowing the map and
so I hit your head to your left head out
that door okay and stay on top of this
plank here go that way and now look over
there and they should be coming right
down this that Street that's where the
payload is going to come and so if you
want to deal with that person oh all
right so the street is where the payload
goes and so if you can find kind of your
area to hunker down change form and just
start blasting people then after you get
a few people move so they don't know
where you are right Jack trigger droids
I have had in-n-out burger they're
delicious yeah but now we know there's a
sniper over there oh maybe this time
Force taken care of so yeah hang up here
ice oh yeah maybe change form
wait
if to hold it down if you want to hear
more oh oh and I got a healer great nice
monkey
oh no monkey oh no that's okay you keep
your ultimate so that's okay all right
you did better that run yeah you killed
two people
that's pretty good I am a big overwatch
guy I have I have over fifty hours on my
xbox one and now I will hopefully get
even more on my brand-new gaming PC
which as rich can attest to runs smooth
as fucking butter you see any see any 30
frames a second on this bad boy over
here
we're kind of rocking it nice doors rich
well
yeah but that's alright you did a lot
better you did a lot better deploy rich
deploy how's my leg oh my leg oh is
still firmly embedded in there I do have
I do have a little pad underneath it I
had some non-slip pads from a phone
mount for my bicycle and so there is a
non-slip pad underneath it my Lego piece
and just the sheer weight of the
graphics card I really believe will hold
it in place nice
yes got it turn up
oh nice one rich he was just about to
unleash his ultimate okay so now it's
the it's near the end of the round just
stay near the cart and make sure they
don't touch it that's your only job
right now they cannot move that cart oh
fuck
wasn't it that was all that great round
rich you did it you did it you did
doesn't it feel I mean it feels nice
what is the game Bastion is pretty
well-known for play the game nice nice
job everyone let's give her a big round
of applause here nice doesn't it just
feel like fun yeah that was fun well
like I said a lot of it is just kind of
learning your place on the map right you
win the things rich all wins all the
games I want an eighty style montage of
Jack teaching rich how to play overwatch
um let's see here
anonymous says this is a perfectly
normal boring tip have a good evening
oh thank you I was a perfectly normal
point if and then anonymous says hello
rich and Jack time for the infamous
philosophy question of the week is the
human mind valid in other words can we
know reality of course we can't know
that you know no we know our own reality
which is all we know which might not be
a true reality but it's the only reality
we know so therefore we know it you have
to presume your perceptions yeah of
course you know we know they can be
flawed gonna need a montage
motherfucking montage well you know this
is also I see you've chosen Bastion
again because you're learning Bastion
that's another part of the game is just
sticking with us you're a bad character
for this map what's going on don't
oh no I'm saying that's another part of
like learning a game with so many
different characters is just like
sticking with a character this is the
character I'm using now and I'm going to
try to figure him out you know it out
I'm going to try to figure it out
because it's a robot so it has no gender
is a bird oh I love that diva armor look
at that like the junk red diva armor it
looks like a Mad Max mech I had that on
my xbox one need to get it yeah need to
get it so infinite ammo no you but you
have 200 in Fran every clip so I
wouldn't be worth it to fuck around oh
yeah yeah you can fuck around oh sorry
there's infinite ammo but only 200 in a
clip sorry oh I misunderstood the
question
will the first aliens we discover be
humanoid nope nope they won't be and
it's gonna really fuck with everybody
it's gonna be great
alien life if it exists on another
planet will most likely be very
different than anything we can even
imagine so
oh yeah just keeps you in that shield
too you'll bust it wide open that's
great I know everyone's super psyched
about that like signal have you been
reading up on that that signal that that
uh who is it SETI the search for
extraterrestrial intelligence is really
hyped about it's this powerful signal
that's coming from a star system that
might have life and people are getting
crazy psyched about it
how do I get up here up where oh you
want to go up on the thing make sense
yeah go go in there and then go right to
your right yep they go playing it cool
yeah
rich is playing it cool keeping his
distance I like it up there yeah I like
it plenty cool click social oh yes
dragon Mooney next time once rich is
done with this round I will go back and
accept the friend invites woo careful
snipers
get away from the dragon
this job over it's there under your game
plan they're coming after you they're
coming after you try to get rich on the
payload as fashion yeah yeah um you can
actually jump on to the payload and move
you know I have it like give you a ride
and then you could you know turn into ya
turret form but rich-rich has a plan
which is to play it cool and keep his
distance and we should respect Rich's
plan because it seems to be working
pretty well I checked here right oh
sorry I thought someone was coming up
there not
nice Sara Jen all jokes aside hey Jack
are you going to be down downloading
anything else on your PC or is it
strictly for gaming strictly for gaming
I still have my my Mac which works
perfectly adequate for editing and I
only have 500 gigs which you know you
say only but 500 gigs but you know
that's only a couple games nowadays so
it will only only be for gaming
obviously I have all the streaming
software on there as well so my plan is
to use it oh shoot that thing hurt nag
just don't walk away okay
we know they have a Symetra Symetra can
put little turrets on walls and stuff
that's slowed you down and hurt you I do
I do have a solid state hard drive a 500
gig solid state hard drive which which
works great but you know I'm sure with
my graphics card I could put a copy of
Premiere Pro on there and get my renders
out quicker but I just don't want to I
don't want to bulk down my system it's a
gaming PC and that's what I intend on
using it for
but follow everyone else yep yep yeah
you gotta move that payload
okay what so great now well you're back
you're back
as a poor college student how much money
would you say you need to put into a
gaming PC to make it worth it you know
there there's a ton of websites that I
checked out and it looks like you can
get a decent gaming PC for under a grand
or you know around a grand that's what
it looked like to me what was the what
was the site Oh God
oh yeah these had wires was it gaming PC
or some like that com there's a site
that helps you put together rigs elite
gaming PC or there's Tom's Hardware
there's PC part pickers like you can PC
part Packers comm Tom's Hardware comm
there's all these different websites
that help you put together rigs at all
different price points and use those
resources and I bet you can find a
decent gaming rig for around a thousand
nice
shit wouldn't spend less than 600
probably not which is real Odia gotta
bullets that time oh this one just the
one below yeah yeah and there are places
to scrimp where it's like you know you
don't need a solid state hard drive
that's that's bonus you don't need a
fancy case that's bonus just find out
what works for you
well p.m. hey but I I can I can sense I
can see that you're more comfortable
playing yeah so that's good that's good
why not
I love for I not so they even have long
range no no he has one long range shot
but it gets one shot at every you know
12 seconds no he just has a shield and
an act cool straight alright so yeah
Reinhart his his shtick is he is the
field
he's the focal point so you want to be
right up in there
shield is right click yeah swing your
hammers left click what are the two
specially ones I'll have to make sure so
one of them is oh is a rush you know you
can rush someone entertain them against
the wall you have the charge and then
the other one is is like a easier one
shot that you can shoot long distance um
this one yep that one straight why not
when you go there hit click that
exclamation point okay so to rush people
it's the top left one and then to swing
is the top right one okay
and then his ultimate is it is hammer
down and that's what stone yes people in
front of you you've been hit by that
before yes yeah so yeah you you just
want to be in there protect your team
that's your job
you soak up all the bullets for your
team let's see here
Jorund east out says sometimes I see a
speck of dust and I think it is rich
sometimes i gamble around and think it's
Jack what are allof food
leave that a loves our food delicious
food I love olives strife in traverse
says my life is now complete I have
played a game with the two best
streamers on Twitch so who are you
playing with we've shown muff and also I
highly recommend seeing the movie faults
ok and anonymous says correct me if I'm
wrong but I imagine Rich's ultimate
fantasy is him and Karin live on the
moon in a perfect dome Oh him and Karin
live on the moon in a perfect dome and
he continues to appear in our LM stuff
via hologram what you think rich you
want to live on the moon well you're
learning you're learning olives are
non-covered to love olives love when I
was a wedding DJ quite often to save a
few bucks the bride and groom would not
invite us to the dinner and you never
knew as a wedding DJ whether or not you
would be invited to the dinner and you
know at the time poor high school /
college students did not have a lot of
money and so quite often I would rely on
that to be my dinner and if it didn't
happen my dinner would be coca-cola with
olives in it and I talked to the
bartender and just they put as many
fucking olives in that coke as you can
just bit just for nutrition just for
sustenance
yep yep yeah it takes a while to get the
timer in such a jack job yes I was a
wedding DJ for a while and fuck it it's
when I had great job I'm terrible with
this most-requested track was always
just whatever the latest pop song thing
was and or you shook me all night long
everyone
she wasn't double-time I did you learn
and everyone thought that they're being
incredibly unique and clever by wanting
by requesting you shook me all night
long she stopped freighted just be your
shield man be a shield that way I mean
keep in mind though I wedding I was a
wedding DJ from like you know 98 to 2000
- so this was booth you know this was
when we we had to bring you know CDs
there was no there was no digital I'm
doing no good there's nobody behind me
well you're protecting you so that's
something
she froze you look she froze you again
go back fast John a little bit give this
one more shot
sure oh you're back you've been revived
use your ultimate good you got one I hit
him
oh I can't I can't move you got frozen
again that's May she freezes people fuck
him alright that's fair enough
approximate cost of the weddings you DJ
oh I don't know I worked with a company
and that was oh that was that was quick
I work for a company and so like
sometimes I would DJ a wedding that was
nothing you know like we would have a
very minimal package and it would be in
a bar you know that's where the
reception would be and maybe 20 to 50
people would be there including the
bride and groom and some weddings that I
DJed were huge events at like sky and
skyscrapers in downtown Milwaukee or at
the Art Museum and you know we had this
huge rig so I worked for a company
olives and coke I use calories at that
point like I was hungry I was hungry and
I needed calories so I had olives and I
had coke think of things that you can
get for free at the bar of a wedding
that's the only thing you can eat okay
and you DJ for four hours sometimes six
hours and then there's an hour set up in
an hour teardown and that's your only
meal what are you going to what do you
can eat olives and coca-cola
it does sound like the grossest thing
ever until that's all you have and you
know the cokes kind of sweet the olives
are kind of salty little salty sweet
action and for both of those situations
they send Jack fucking hacker right most
bars don't have pretzels like bars at
weddings like if you go to a reception
hall one of those places that you know
just holds eight weddings a night their
bars don't have pretzels their bars
don't have salty snacks they have olives
pack a lunch that would have cost me
money
so are these huh does a during game yeah
so you I need healing and then everyone
enters that or like your ultimate status
where you know you can say hey my
ultimate is really close and so then
other people can try to coordinate their
moves with your ultimate it's a way of
making sure that even people without a
microphone can communicate chat oh whoa
nice great switch Curtis that that's
Farrah she flies and has a rocket
launcher she's pretty awesome I couldn't
drink I could I could not drink booze
while on the job it would it would get
me fired and you know I liked having a
job
why not eat leftovers from dinner
because here's here's the thing so you
DJ a wedding right there is a I'm going
to say a 70% chance that you will be
invited to dinner at the wedding 70%
because you know a lot of times it
happens and you don't have a lot of
money and like when they give you dinner
it's the full wedding dinner and it's
awesome you know and sometimes cake
afterwards too is sometimes I'll even
give you cake and so the risk of being
hungry was worth it for me and possibly
getting a big-ass meal and it's not like
it's not like they have a refrigerator
there that I can put shit in I'm a
schmuck who's DJing the wedding the the
kitchen staff isn't going to help me out
at all they don't care they hate their
job most kitchen staffs at these places
hate their job and they don't care about
anything and so I took the risk of
possibly getting free food
you have nightmares about olives
I still love olives to this day oh good
yeah you got a nice health post jump in
there no olives are great I still love
olives oh he's on your team you wanna
hop in there when he's doing stuff like
that oh ah fucking Symetra nice nice he
lit up he lit up he lit up you can shoot
those look
nice job rich nice job rich green house
green elves with the with the red pit in
them whatever those whatever those red
things are called you know those are
called in the golems no I'd I don't okay
the pit they just hold the pit the pit
well the red bit not not the pit you
know the red thing is that they put
inside pitted olives what am i stance on
pickles I love pickles I have a giant
batch of pickles right now in my house a
good friend of mine makes her own
pickles and always has plenty of
leftover pickles so we have about a
dozen jars of pickles in my house right
now and I plan on eating a good chunk of
them they need to wait though they were
just kin to the other week and so they
need to wait do I ever have a glass of
coconut for old times sake no mostly
because I don't drink soda anymore that
way it goes nowhere nowhere nowhere
what's up here high ground there high
ground here yep
fuck yes hmm is there a drink that uses
black olives I don't think so pimentos
that's what's inside a green I'll thank
you those red pimentos inside a pitted
olive oh yeah I was at a at a grocery
store in Minnesota once and they had an
olive bar it was you know like like you
go to a grocery store and they have
salad bars and shit like that they had
an olive bar and it just had a dozen
different kinds of olives like garlic
stuffed olives cheese stuffed olives
I might have went a little overboard
with all of the different olives I
bought
but split atom what what is it
olive Varma you you must experience it
it was great just so many olives if
you're if you like olives I'm gonna this
one more game
okay then I'm done okay that's fine you
don't call it pop no it's soda pop pop
is something you do to a balloon soda
pop pop is perfectly valid you're just a
pretentious asshole yeah I mean I am a
pretentious this is everyone who says
soda what and insists that you were
wrong for saying Bob oh how could you
possibly do that I am offended sir pop
is just so antiquated like I had like a
pap no it's fine ant you know it's like
it's cuz kind of from some of Roberts is
bubbler bubbler yeah yeah yeah exactly I
rest my fucking case it's not a water
fountain it's a bubbler or a drinking
fountain it's a drinking fountain but I
call we call it a bubbler I don't get
all up and people shit though that's
just what I call it the bubbler
what's Rio that's true in Texas they
call all soda Coke okay and so they'll
order a coke and then the waitress will
say what kind and they'll say sprite
that's weird that's we that's extra
weird don't you think we can all agree
it's close to being true other places
that's weird
not whenever one referring to sprite but
I've wanted just a soda yeah like a
Pepsi or something and I've said Jagga
coke coke pepsi isn't that kind of what
I said you know oh sure Pepsi it's fine
whatever but like could you imagine
referring to coke is all soda blanketly
you know what type of coke do you want
dr. pepper
what type of coke you want Mountain Dew
you know special okay so that's that
that's a poison trap miss traps
yeah oh and she has a grab Oh tell me
about these things well you were you
were so fresh rich so she has a
grappling hook which is really awesome
it does have a wicked cool down yeah now
you can like hey and then you can shoot
your trap and the enemy they might not
see it it's quasi hidden to the enemy
oh I like that what kind of coke do you
want a coke great but what kind of coke
the coke a coke coke
we'll go will they breached they
breached rich
oh do we have a new I'm horny I'm hungry
username for if a monkey could talk I'm
horny I'm hungry I'm horny I'm hungry
oh let's see here
Jack what is the transition like from
Xbox to PC for overwatch it looks a lot
better and plays a lot smoother on the
PC my my biggest hurdle right now is
just being comfortable with a mouse and
keyboard which is just general PC stuff
so I think I'm doing ok
ok except for that well oh you got
revived it and so I feel like once I am
more comfortable with this mouse and
keyboard situation I'm going to be a lot
happier
you want to probably use your ultimate
your all it does is show where all the
enemies are so it doesn't like hurt
anyone it just shows where all the
enemies are for your whole team so it's
just kind of helpful for everyone
damnit yep that's a nice perch is it oh
ah fuck oh oh you got a pond there hop
on the phone Ridge up on the point go to
the point go to the point which is the
point where they are go to where they
are sorry
see that blue triangle that's the point
and when they're on it they capture it
that's right rich got on the roof and
did well I'm sorry which I did not
explain that properly it's their job to
capture that point okay whenever they
stand on it they capture it a little bit
yeah and if you stand out if they stop
it so now they got that one this is the
new point you don't need to worry about
it now but if they're standing on it you
kind of want to hop on to stop them from
capturing it
now that sucked who do I have the most
playtime with on my xbox it's probably
Farrah I have the most playtime with
Farrah I like playing as her she's very
difficult to play with on a keyboard
mouse for me mostly just because I don't
understand how the keyboard mouse work
yet but I'm getting there
so I like Farrah I like Symetra I like
mercy
I like lucio III there's a case for
every hero the only one I'm not really
comfortable with his Zarya yet she has a
very strange weapon set she can make
tiny shields for both herself I think
her name is Ari I might be pronouncing
it wrong her she can make little shields
for herself and for teammates and if
anyone attacks those shields it powers
up her weapon okay and so like
coordinating all of that with weapon
strike she has a really cool she has a
really cool ultimate where she creates a
tiny black hole and all the enemies get
sucked towards that black hole and so
you can use that with other heroes and
you know like create your black hole
than other heroes just fire fire fire
fire so she's really tricky and I don't
know how to play as her well yet oh wait
alt tab I'll tab over you can start the
game that's fine I'll tab over and see
if there's any friend requests ease I
think we're just about done anyway
though sure I'll just go get them
go get him now I'll play with you guys
later because I play this game all the
time oh shit right I'm those fun junk
rat just shoots bombs so he's kind of
fun road hog is funny has a big shotgun
in a hook or Hanzo I know I'm no good
but it would prefer something more
finesse sure Hanzo has a little finesse
you could try Farah I could swish up
during the game sure fair with the
jumping rocket boosting rocket launchers
that isn't evil every everything in this
game is in neat design yeah
yeah it really is and it all falls under
the the silhouette rule which you kind
of know exactly who you're attacking
just by seeing their silhouette it's
great ah let's see here anonymous says
if you two could go see any concert ever
performed but you had to agree on the
concert what would you choose yes rich
you can record it for monetary gain
did you see that footage of of Nirvana
playing teen spirit two days after their
album came out in a small club in
Seattle it's on YouTube
and it's you know just Nirvana playing
to maybe 30 people in a small club two
days after their album came out playing
it smells like teen spirit that'd be fun
something like that
I suck ass this guy something like that
would be fun
what kind of health insurance and
retirement accounts do you guys get from
red letter media zero zero hey rich do
you know did you know Goldie Hawn
released a country-western album in 1972
no I did not do I care not great
Jack did you enjoy the soul parade song
I sent you just say yes yeah I don't
know if I remember it I'm sorry also if
I wrote a script and personally funded
the semi-complete Suicide Squad remake
would you guys be down for ridiculous
cam in a cameo absolutely we do anything
for Lena oh that's a right-click
ah rich you like overwatch don't you
it's a fun little thing he's getting it
oh so your ultimate yeah is basically an
auto aim all you need to do is fire your
gun in the general direction of people
and it hits your bullets hit them yeah
it did only a lot of good you know you
know I'm sorry I'm sorry uh Jiminy
Cricket professor said did you know the
Mexican Foreign Minister was in
Milwaukee yesterday to open a new
diplomatic consulate for the Mexican
government in Milwaukee of all places I
did not know so great thank you for
letting me know
and already dead round one round one
best two out of three med Evolvin says
hijack and ranch a fan of rlm since 2013
seen every episode of rlm shows and
prereq including all live streams you
guys are my favorite thing on the
internets can't afford to sub half a
favor to ask
half a favor have a favor to ask
oh here it is you ask a full favor if I
here's here's the second part of that
it's my friend Rob Murphy's birthday he
has cerebral palsy and cannot walk his
friends started a GoFundMe to renovate
his home to use with Wiis wheelchair
with permission I can send the link yes
edit or email prereq at red letter media
com
middle van Mehdi villain medival n-now
med FL van medival van medieval van meta
I don't know how to pronounce anything
anymore unit 603 a today rich and Jake
after two years of doing prereq streams
do you still love video games or is it
just work now we hate them lol fuck my
cock dot Borg um yeah of course we hate
all video games all the time
I still like video games every once in a
while though I'm not in the mood to play
him and we still play them yeah but
that's very rare
is there seriously a new key plan or
what I get the impression that your run
the joke into the ground no there is
honestly a new key plan and we just need
a few more just a few more
how so far I'm enjoying Deus Ex I'm not
terribly far into it it's a very it's a
dense start you can you you have an
option of watching a 12-minute recap of
the story so far of Deus Ex and I chose
to do that and that might have been a
mistake because the 12-minute recap
really could have been a 30-second recap
because the only part that matters is
what happened right before the game
start you know that's all that matters
to me at least
that was pretty good yeah turn it up a
little bit turn it up a little bit how
about that our direction I I'm you know
what I think my the main character uh is
a little ugly and a bit of a joke you
know he was I'm going to assume the
first one came out right around the
matrix
uh but I love the world I'm really
diggin the world I'm diggin all of the
the robot limbs on people in this whole
this whole augmented versus natural
human stuff so I'm digging all that the
world is helping me through the game
again on the subject of my new PC I'm
not super comfortable with mouse and
keyboard yet and Deus Ex wants you to
use a lot of the keyboard and so my
comfort level is even less with Deus Ex
but I'm getting there
nice that's teamwork right there rich
that's teamwork
what ending did you pick inhuman River I
haven't gotten to the ending yet the
first one the first ending is what I
picked I I'm I'm 500 the first game I
this is my first deus ex game I played
so none ah but I'm really digging the
world like I said I like I like and and
oh I even like Chloe what so whatever
you won
I even like the little bit of story and
I won't give it away for rich but the
the the little story we get about why
the world is how it is that kind of
thing
so we'll see I'm five maybe six hours
into it he's got rollerblades I can see
he can rollerblade on walls that's
Winston he's a monkey
that Winston he's a monkey I'm not sure
if I'm a fan of every character having a
Ganga shield Winston has a Ganga shield
yeah
and of course Reinhard has a shield the
soldier 76 doesn't have a shield but his
his Healey thing kind of looks like a
Ganga shield
I did see that yeah but I thought like
everyone's acting like this was a really
big deal but I thought everyone knew
that we were already getting a season
two of stranger things so they they came
out with the official teaser for season
two of stranger things rich it's really
happening like I said I kind of thought
it always was but who knows but more
stranger things could be good could be
terrible you never know yeah right it
was it like it was the barest of minimal
teaser trailers it was a few words and a
title but we know it's official now
maybe we didn't know it was official
before
Oh an old canceled out by an old classic
overwatch classic overwatch sir Jen what
are both of your favourite Zelda games
Link to the Past and Wind Waker for me
are the same
that's alright second boring answer but
wind wakers is fantastic right III put
Wind Waker above Link to the Past
I think Wind Waker is fantastic so so
for me it would be you'd be Wind Waker
well I'm gonna lose this one yep oh god
yeah you guys don't have any any control
time you can still do it though you get
on there you get on there
ah tracer nothing's done yeah if it's
done it's totally done and we don't
appreciate it says Jack hello Jack and
rich I hope you are doing well tonight
order your thoughts on Game of Thrones
and Red Dwarf have you seen or read any
Game of Thrones ok and I've kind of lost
interests so I didn't watch this last
season but now everyone's telling me
that this last season was the season to
watch so I don't know I might watch it I
stopped caring I never really cared
about it and then I stopped caring after
a certain thing that's totally spoilers
happened um I'm not you're done yeah and
I'm gonna play like 2 more rounds and
then we can call it a night we can call
it an official overwatch night
play a shit game we should take a moment
check out our stats real quick hold on
where's my thing oh no did I turn it off
how did you get turned off what could
turn off what got turned off this oh
yeah yeah it's fine
66 degrees cent Celsius rich yeah that's
my GPU temp is that good bad I don't
know I don't know if Celsius oh let's
check out my let's check out monitoring
here what's the I've not seen much of
Red Dwarf
and I don't have cable I've seen zero of
Game of Thrones
oh yeah we're fine GPU temperature is
that is that as running at 55 degrees
cp6 is excellent CPU temperature is now
running at 40 degrees we're fine as long
as you can't boil water you're probably
fine I know buddy I mean you guys have
me so concerned about fan placement and
other stuff I'm a little you put a big
fan of it you'll be fine I put a giant
fan in there I'm Nepal Oh a new map
anything eighty plus is bad 80 plus
Celsius is bad okay that's what I need
to know use American degrees nope who
should we you know what fuck it let's
give sorry a try what does she do okay
so she has two attacks
I'll show you while we're setting up
she has a straight beam but it does not
go very far but it's just a continuous
beam that mows people down and then she
has a little like bomb thing okay so
here's the beam but as you can see like
it doesn't go terribly far and then she
has this bomb boom where does it end
what is the range look so looks like
it's in the wall right can you tell what
it's not hitting I don't know
yeah maybe we're heading there and then
she's got the bomb but then she has
these barriers and so I could go like
boom give you a barrier right okay and
then anyone who hits that barrier makes
my gun more powerful okay can you put
her on yourself yeah yeah there's one I
can put on myself two different button
different button so we're gonna give
we're gonna use Aria try
get out of my jam stop it stop it wasn't
meant to be
ah figuring out this mouse not like I
would be any better with a controller
button
but I can pretend I can pretend I'd be
better aim for the head and torso
nice you did did some help from my
friends
Hojo
from your friend I got a little help
from my friends
and then I failed miserably because my
shield does not last for very long it is
my problem
Zaria shield what does the DPI in my
mouth I don't know good it's a good dpi
that means he has no idea I have no idea
how much does it cost I gotta say up for
like 20 some 20 some Oh probably not
that great it's not it's not like super
great but and it's not terrible it's not
like
I also don't really know what's super
great and not good are so whoa I'm
trying to member what stands for data
per inch or something
ooh maybe it's more sensitive I think
the higher it is the cpi-u I am using is
an i-5 6600 K yes that is my CPU
graphics card is a is a GPA gtx 1070
fuck fucking fuck scabby McRib says now
here's a tip for getting to watch Lord
Evans play one of my favorite games also
nice I can get one of those sweet
old-fashioned real-time shout outs yeah
I would totally some I mean would like a
shout out shout out to scan Bhima crabs
like what somebody employee buddy want
what's over what's a real time without
old-timey shout out yeah we were unsure
what a real time II oh my god Candida
Krebs
oh my scamming the crabs I can only
presume one of those things is something
like what you wouldn't want to do maybe
I I don't know I'm totally clueless
nothing Zawiya thumbs is working up for
eject I had a plan yeah that did not end
up working my plan was to put my black
hole device on the edge and hope that it
sucked people off of the edge and then
it dropped them and I don't think it
worked don't know tiny advice scamming
the crabs gives a shout-out from
previously recorded today the news hey
Jen Elsa says great yeah pick some
random words I need a song title I'm
still in that creative slump get in the
grape jam from the fridge from the
fridge
great Jam from the fridge gone off
horses horses random words this is what
you get horses I've got a beef to pick
with that cow
Mega Man is my Lord and Savior things
all right
it's fair enough fair enough
let's jam from the fridge says I have
the high ground space gem on Mars no my
motion sick my motion sickness is
getting much much better as I've been
playing first-person shooters all night
and you will notice nothing also I think
it has a lot to do with the the field of
view as this field of view is over a
hundred and I think that really helps
but no I think all at all it's all
getting better everything's coming up
millhouse I sneak into the help what the
shout out and the title help that did
either those things help
it helps something because these people
were no longer paying attention because
they were so busy I don't know getting
helped by you go gobbledygook says
thanks for game tonight any chance
you'll try other online games Paragon
battlefield Call of Duty DC Universe
Online that last one wouldn't run great
with your ten seventy and it's free you
fucks
hey would run great I've heard a lot of
interesting things about this
battlefield one you know the one set in
World War one
uh met a balloon says oh he actually has
it phonetically spelled out in the tip
nice meta metal valve and I will email
the GoFundMe link and send on steam too
if that's cool
I appreciate any feedback I was
responsible for editing the GoFundMe
video if you'll prove share it on Sunday
how that was the earlier with the thing
for the person oh yeah the the friend
with cerebral palsy GoFundMe to help me
yeah yeah send it um AJ pimps all hey
guys just got back from my first trip
Chicago the city is full of high-caloric
fun oh there's another space after that
the city is full of high-caloric fun if
I go back this fall winner what are some
things I should do uh Chicago check out
the high crime rate check out that
illegal police Detention Center
ooh that might be fun that's the new hot
tourist spot as far as I've been told
the police torture building yep the
undocumented police holding facility
where they don't tell anyone they're
putting criminals and just do whatever
they want with them while they're there
yeah it's a fun place or you can see the
beam oh that was underwhelming wasn't it
well I think part of her shtick is that
her weapon is not very powerful at first
until you start using shield your shield
it just sounds horrible yeah it's it's
difficult why are you still using her
well cuz you that's how you learn is is
you learn by using and I really like her
ultimate her ultimate is is super fun
Sarah Genesis fantastic help bridge now
Richard Jack Mack what electronic
music genre since that's all I can
produce at the moment uh John Carpenter
a genre man
Industrial fruit crunch Lu industrial
fruit grunge that's not a real thing but
I love it love it rich industrial fruit
grunge you know what make it a thing
figure out an austrial rajesh with the
sound like and make it a thing i love it
yeah we'll probably regularly streaming
on Sunday I know Monday's Labor Day but
will probably be regularly streaming on
Sunday and uh Sabre mo says hey brother
another bonus of playing overwatch on
the PC you can practice reading Korean
when you get the right teammates which
tends to happen a lot late at night oh
oh
blink great great hey guys Oh Oh May
you're adorable
ah that was some great over watching
everyone
thanks for playing thanks for playing
with me and rich yeah thanks for playing
overwatch hey no problem
I hope I hope you had a slightly good
time this is not a good time okay that's
all we can ask is a slightly good time
let's check for fun being the new guy in
one of these things yeah and I and I
agree with in oh look at that
look at those CPU temperatures rich can
you read that 40s 40s all around in the
CPU temperature I was just worried about
your small case J I don't know I know
and you got me worried about it you got
me freaked the fuck out I apologize but
I've never seen somebody who's such a
tiny case before yeah that's all right
take a look at our frame rates Oh God
look at those frame rates seventy can
you access seven requests oh yeah sir I
sure can boom accepted it request
accepted you're all my friend now I like
playing overwatch so I'll probably be
playing a lot all right great
that CPU will last until the end of time
it will the CPU is not getting hot
anytime soon ah let's take a moment
where is it where is it the twat
what do you not the right version I
didn't connect it and you know what it
feels like jack now you know what it
feels like but that's ok to be in charge
Shaya turn what is it like exclamation
point subs I forget the beefcake
I had the Twatter up he had it up he
didn't have it on the torture line it's
fine the torture was up beefcake and I
didn't hit the connect button I'm so
sorry
that's all right it's also sorry there a
new subscriber did it did you get it uh
click on five big screen so we can see
it there ah Jack is fail why do you
leave it on the blow I was thinking oh
there oh I wanted to leave doing I
wanted it to come wait I want no you're
grabbing the tabs why wait why is it no
doing I'm trying to get it to stick to
the side of this screens put it dead
center
cuz in case anyone else new subscribes I
want this right here you know do you dig
it
ok ok but the
and is Jo flat fuck elites
crocodile brain 22 fucking once in a row
by the way we are reading the names of
everyone who was scribe during our
stream today to avoid YouTube confusion
later on right like pizza train 11 for
19 months in a row Euler's number
Swedish AI twelve months in a row in
Swedish AI says it Hult are who have
thought would who at health are who
would have thought Oh bother
sixteen months in a row you should build
a computer sometime Jack thank you for
all your help unread Ito bother by the
way midnight nd mud run
14 months in a row and you're scrubbing
it I can't read what the sub thanks for
all the fun fellas Hartman's e harbor is
your brain like watch for little fried
now yeah cuz I've been playing overwatch
for seven hours now
here's to keyboard and mouse says
Hartman's e split cannon a cracker man 5
to 6 for 19 months in a row hi rich I
just wanted all the spectacular
spider-man
I just watched all of the spectacular
spider-man show from a few years back
and loved it have you seen it when you
started saying that I thought you were
gonna say that you watched it on my
recommendation yeah I've seen it that's
great yeah Shey made they didn't
continue on with it they replaced it
with that ultimate spider-man animation
oh I like the fucking spectacular was
fucking awesome you need to check it out
I like that ultimate one there's fun
it's fun I got weird
later on check out check out spectacular
spider-man turn it off check out the
made it spectacular spider-man goddamnit
bad gamer Korean I stay up super late
here in Ireland to play with you two had
so much fun Thanks
which one bad camera green okay uh
Erebus and aether Lucas Ducas says
thanks guys keep up the great work
Helga raff candy Matic Captain James May
Pro leet Oh get the was it leet-speak
politte saber moe Ernest Con 21 fucking
months in a row
Ernest Khan wants to know can a G
kangaroo jump higher than a house of
course a house doesn't jump at all I get
a second look house doesn't I jump it
all boom scam EEMA Krabs guitars Oh
eighteen months in a row it was a lot of
fun playing games with you - tonight
this show is great thank you a Qatar's
Oh gobbledygook s-- 25 fucking months in
a row holy moly gobbledygook says hello
copulate my phallus because it's a thing
it's still going I kind of like that ah
you know what I kind of like - lol fuck
Mike epic thank you for subscribing
everybody hope you enjoyed watching me
suck it okay
we all did rich we all good XX slightly
less we have one more uh couple more
things uh real quick a couple tips
the stanislovas the stanislovas says I'm
a Chicago Ian you fox-like ago Ian and I
quickly recommend here there's no e
there's no one an A in there Chicago
Wien and aa goin and it this time Lucas
recommends Millennium Park
ammonium millennium park that's where
the beam is I should be the she'd
aquarium shed okay great the a dealer
plan that you're just fuckin around the
Adler Planetarium right Andy the neutral
its tool free Mizzou that that was
exactly right you may as well shoot
someone too since everyone does
although cogs and data says my twin
sister and I are watching the stream our
birthdays on Friday please with a happy
birthday to Susan and Sarah thank you
invest well happy birthday Susan and
Sarah which one of yous older I'm gonna
guess Susan you don't ask that question
what that twins love that I came out
first
Oh twins yeah everything doesn't matter
every movie says like I came out for 40
minutes ahead you know it's not just a
stupid fucking movie thing have you ever
actually met twins you know I will have
you know that I have
