Episode 200
Sir, You are not finding the 3DS Capture Software (part 2)
October 12, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie88vqpBKZ0
___________________________________________

The Phantom yeah the Phantom now the
Phantom oh no an actual movie that I
really want remade is the shadow the
Alec Baldwin shadow I I want a good
shadow movie something like with some
some mysterious ghostly otherworldly
animal elements but it's just a
detective serial I would love that
I would love of a shadow not just
Sandman mystery theatre oh my god I
fucking love Sandman mystery theatre
rich I would love movies it's fantastic
it's a Sandman mystery theatre is a
great book and I would love a Sandman
mystery theatre movie absolutely I'm
with you hints at mystical elements but
is just a detective story fuck yeah I
can be down with that week nice rich
nice dark man does not necessarily need
a remake no unless you unless it's a
sequel and you also and you still cast
Liam Neeson that's a Sam Raimi classic
what I'm saying is have Sam Raimi direct
it have Liam Neeson star in it again oh
sorry
sorry if I cracked that right in the
microphone how good are their freaking
ears I don't know I wish I understood
that fully I will I hear that from there
the alarm clock yeah if you place it
here yeah I don't know
let's see here hi jack enrich Jack you
listen to a lot of weird random music
have you listened to Sloane Canadian
rock band I know nothing about how
popular they are outside of Carl hope or
Carl hope you're doing I hope you're
both doing okay I want to say our is
Sloane like really hard watt rock female
fronted like almost almost like thrash
punk I think I remember hearing about
Sloane but oh yeah they're going for it
this better not be giant
Oh tiny nice Oh tiny maybe they're only
giant on the main island because you're
close to the drop-off point yeah I'll be
like yes that would be you know what
that would be nice
Sloane is not female fronted okay then
I'm thinking of the exact wrong band its
loaned it's one of these I think that's
supposed to be just a visual marker
which I wish there would be more of
stuff like that
oh I do love that though like the boat
just the boat in the middle of the of
the woods maybe it's supposed to be a
guard tower like maybe there are
sometimes our robots in there I don't
know but uh well you know you know guys
usually when we stream stuff it is a
little bit darker on stream than it is
for us so you know we can see things
fine but just because of the way twitch
compression works it'll be a little
darker for you guys so I do apologize
for that
can you cook rats
I wonder I've never tried to cook a rat
it's not worth the attempt I just want
to find the last widget and get the fuck
off this island how many more would you
together pretty sure just one
no no cam today we we were we were
overly frustrated trying to set up our
3d s capture card and then by the time
we decided to play a different game we
just said fuck it and we didn't feel
like we didn't feel like prettying
ourselves laughing you guys have no idea
how much makeup is involved in getting
it ready for the twitch streams you
should see us without it it's horrible
Alyssa's become invisible for 20 seconds
that's new I have never seen that before
exciting that is new and exciting let's
see here uh Sloane was the last one okay
Moki b85 says hello wreckers I agreed
this game would make a great episode
Jack loves it rich hates it something to
talk about and I love yelling so much
well and I do I'm starting to hate it
less I don't love it though hopefully it
just gives us something to talk about
and it's it's just one of those games
that didn't really make a splash three
years ago so you know hopefully we can
we can do something just talk about
something as long as long as we can't
have something to talk about that's all
that matters in any game
yes I'm joking about makeup of we do not
wear any makeup for the twitch dreams or
for anything
well maybe having a nice night out but
we don't like like for best of the worst
we aren't none of us are wearing makeup
even though I should I need something to
design my head I now have to sit in a
very special spot where a light won't
hit my head ooh what is that it over
there I think I see white smoke to your
right and like two o'clock where you are
it's like it was just yeah it's that
it's over to your right more it's like
right there behind those group of trees
those arms get me oh I'm sorry
yep
it is white smoke
okay not a place I want to be nope nope
trip out for a little bit see what
happens just vitality will use those
while I'm not in danger and save the
stuff that's not gonna make me trip out
that's that that's almost like a good
strategy right I don't like it
hey guys says relish the relish I just
want to say that you're all awesome I
really relish
all our our all of our guys work here is
$5 for being so great I wish I could
give you more well thank you relish the
relish we appreciate we just appreciate
you watching a lone guard I thought I
saw two sets of yeah I saw two sets of
eyes wasting a lot of alarm clocks yes
you are well you're you're using a lot
of alarm clocks that I'm fine fine I
wouldn't say either way I'd like not to
use one you could you could drink a
bottle and throw it or turn invisible
I there there is some stuff that I have
bottles to throw but I don't want to
drink the you know the thing that lets
me use them right right oh yeah there's
more there's more on the other side the
point of this game is to is to collect
if you see that white smoke directly in
front of us you have to that has a
MacGuffin in it and you need to collect
all the MacGuffins and return them to a
big rock on the main island there are
five islands and that will get you home
you've mysteriously been transported
here and you need to collect all the
MacGuffins to get you home that's it
how long I've have her 45 seconds
oh shit I got all of them nice
it's gonna be huge
perfect perfect size perfect Ridge sir
you are an egg mcmuffin that is true the
off switch says does the NES die hard
let you choose the path where John
McClane doesn't become bald miserable
and somehow in Russia yes you have to
die also were you wearing the beard when
you did the salad video you method actor
well we didn't just film the salad video
oh I think the point the question is the
camera was not on you during the salad
video at that point no it wasn't you
were not wearing the beard okay no
that's fair that's fair rich illusion I
think they just wanted to know how
method of an actor you were like in
order to you know in order to perfectly
embody the George Lucas character do you
need the beard to be on you know let's
see here dr. Harry Lime says I'm with
rich worst game mechanic ever to
continue get three MacGuffins each
MacGuffin is made from seven MacGyver's
a MacGyver is five Club ler lands that's
a hundred and five pieces of crap 244
yes that as the sole game mechanic is
bad I don't think this game is just that
but but yes that is a soul made game
mechanic is bad
Lord Belmont says good spooky board
games include our Arkham Horror call of
cthulhu
and mansions of madness also please
don't forget about the seven guests and
until John until dawn with Jane yeah and
I already have some spooky games that
we're gonna play I have a the house on
the Haunted Hill around whatever
whatever that one is I have a zombie
board game that's pretty fun I have some
other spooky board games I need about 20
alarm clocks I need nine alright look
back at that boat so that's the
southwest oh yeah I just want to you
know keep track for us and in case like
where do I go next cuz that'll be the
next thing
another wildlife startles them do they
shoot at the wildlife maybe I think it
just gets their attention I don't know
if their shoot at Birds or whatever so
was that a gunshot
you can I didn't hear anything you can
take that rock though and throw a rock
Oh in a bottle no that was the door
opening listen
so there's bottles and rocks that you
can throw and you know not use an alarm
clock if I want to do the shitty get
caught and die way if I want to do it
wrong I'm all set well I'm just saying
that you you're looking for ways to
distract them that uh that doesn't cost
you alarm clocks though that's ways you
can do it
is dues the thing that works and just
keeps doings tired and says says did
your lack of respect for Jimmy Fallon
get even lower after what happened this
week what happened this week he had
Donald Trump on the show and was joking
around with whatever yeah I mean you
guys know I don't like Donald Trump and
Jimmy Fallon is not a political guy I
don't know like I can I guess I can see
it both ways and I'm that's me I'm just
gonna play middle-of-the-road here where
I do think that Donald Trump is a
horrible person sorry mods things might
get political please remember to be cool
with chatters let him let him chat a
little bit but it's not that's not Jimmy
Fallon's job you know it's not Jimmy
Fallon's job to grill a politician right
about anything it's his job politician
be on tonight's show huh should a
politician be on tonight
absolutely absolutely a politician
should be on The Tonight Show but that's
not that's not Fallon's job his job is
to make funny for the people watching
right he's not there to like deeply
interview a presidential candidate but
but I know so I don't I never wanted to
show beforehand I'm still not gonna
watch it I didn't even watch that clip
because I just don't care that much if
it was if he was on like a if he was on
something like a daily show or a even if
even Colbert you know like if Colbert
had him on I would expect something a
little more Grilli huh
but that's not that's never been
Fallon's stick so no I don't I don't
expect Fallon to do something but yes
Fallon has always been nice to everyone
and non-controversial there's a reason
why he has the highest ratings it's you
know and I don't necessarily like that
about Fallon but hey that's his shtick
no I don't lose any respect for him for
putting on a non-controversial show I
never had any respect for him to begin
with mmm no and hey mods B could be cool
I see what you're deleting be cool let
people talk a little bit politically if
it gets out of hand you know but no
let's let people talk it's fine what the
fuck is that it's a monster it's a
monster
they go bark bark bark bark this is
going great
this is going great rich did you return
the things yet or you are on your way to
do that oh man there's something they
can't go on water dogs yeah I don't know
the plan is to run to the ocean shit
it's a fine plan rich that's a fine fine
plan
they go away maybe yeah oh you're in
you're bleeding did he just bite you and
run away yes
yeah press I'm being you're being
impress you're being oppressed but I'm
sorry
message deleted yeah but ya know an act
you know speaking of mobs and and chat
moderation there is a new there is a new
chat tool which will help us monitor the
mods it actually we can go back in the
chat and see who is deleting what
comment and who is taking what mod
action which is very nice game mods
please be cool let people chat for a
little bit wait till it gets out of hand
so yeah that was that was all my
controversial statements on Jimmy Fallon
in the night Joe Jack called mods a tool
I said there's a new mod tool oh my god
they're right there
just sneak you got a mod the mod
sometimes I get you know they're trying
to keep they're trying to keep order I
get it nice save it again save a real
quick and save I think they see me you
oh you did save it's fine
I did yeah it said saving game okay I
just like how you clicked it a million
times
Caesarion fart we didn't see your last
tip you remember everybody that we we
see the tip and then we try to like talk
about it a little bit so we're a lot of
people typically get backed up we get
backed up sorry
have you guys says tired and heads have
seen any of the purge film I finally
watched all three yesterday and they
were surprisingly good the director
could be this generation John covered it
seen any the purge films no not neither
did I
I like the premise though this is only
the worst premise in the world they
doesn't make much sense but it's a neat
idea well yeah for up for a horror movie
the thing I the thing I had heard about
the first purge you know so the premise
of the purge movies is for one night
every year everything is legal for some
reason that stops all crime for the rest
of the earth yeah no that would not be
the case
no no but hey that's the premise I mean
just go along with the premise and so
and so you know people act horribly and
they murder and they steal and they do
terrible things once a year but I heard
the first movie isn't very isn't big
enough in scope and I'll like with
centers around this one house but it's a
neat premise I haven't seen any of them
haven't really cared Caesarion part oh
yeah I already did that anonymous says
opinions on Diablo style hack and slash
a RPGs have you ever played Diablo or
anything like that
click-click click-click click-click I
never felt like I needed to get into
Diablo yeah a lot of click click click
and then you play the number weapon game
well this weapon has one bigger number
than the other weapon I was using before
so I guess I'll use that weapon the the
math weapon game yeah never super into
it justice guy knows
you show new show shut the fuck up and
play this game about fans constantly
recommending games you'd hate except
game submissions with a blurb about why
you should play it then hate play it for
an hour okay that's not the worst thing
I've ever heard exactly yeah
we'd have to it we'd call it fine we'll
fucking play it fine have it your way
where we'll take know Jesus Christ shut
up already
yes that's exactly what we'll call it
Jesus Christ shut up already because you
know when someone sees that as a youtube
title they won't jump to conclusions at
all yeah wait weren't you already at the
Southwest one I said the South one the
question is if I is this the South one
or is this just that's the South one
yeah and you know you could look at your
compass was at the farm I mean I think I
guess it is I was heading west mostly
how did that happen
I have no I have no idea I think it's
pretty light you can just walk around
the shore I think patrols are usually
pretty light around the shore Jesus
Christ shut up already is that the name
of the show yeah and our first one will
be vampire the masquerade sure okay you
know what
you know what just this guy you know
we're taking it and we're taking that
idea I'm writing it down right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna write me a little email
I'm gonna write me a text message
I took email off my phone I was getting
too many of them I'm gonna write me a
text message text to Jack
thanks to Jack Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ shut up already
vampire the masquerade just want a boat
okay we're taking it hate play the
series yep we will you know it'll
probably be very similar to two first
four hours of where we will just play it
bitch about it and that'll be that
okay baby Yaga lawless is hi did you
guys see the true ending of Metal Gear
Solid 5 by unlocking and completing
mission 46 note hijack hi George Lucas
what it says VAR er 77 what would you
think about a remake of crawl it's a fun
movie and I love it but it could
probably use a script rewrite or three
or four I don't necessarily have to
remake Kroll you can just make any old
German Syfy fantasy movie result to be
much the same sure sure but if you're
selling it because it's Hollywood right
yeah you need to have a name and a brand
attached to it already I guess I guess
you do get the glaive yeah whatever
that's worth you you could get a little
a comic Lockland cameo in it he's very
popular with the kids
Oh what's him he doesn't have red eyes
well let's go up and find out what his
deal is yeah go ask him I'm sure he'll
gladly tell you game child you cases
hijack and rich Evans I don't know if
it's even worth it
but can we possibly get an rlm studio
tour video
also I suggest more studio time-lapse
videos when you guys change sets nice to
watch that emitters major set change up
in a while sorry why you haven't seen
one yeah whenever we do something big we
almost always have the stop-motion on
hmm yeah and like a studio to her video
that's that's more that's more a Mike
and Jess tchen
yeah or watch the witness video that
open kitchen most of it right so like
apparently there is no West one or that
one was the West one and you were wrong
we went along the island for what you
said was the south one and I came across
no dock other than this one which is the
north well go to your inventory real
quick Center you went to the South one
so yeah that back you're saying was the
South one yeah was the only dock in
between there and the north one weird I
think that was the west one could have
been it could have been it's fine it
doesn't doesn't change much no no he was
Castle this looks neat I haven't seen
this yet Castle and and a eerie windmill
I mean need me some wisps I'm getting
into this more since I discovered the
will of the wisp cuz it takes out the
wander around aimlessly ass Benson which
I despise Don Giles Wilson do I believe
both of us have played Stanley parable
you've played it right can you actually
play the static ha ha you know what I
mean
we have both experienced to the Stanley
parable we meet we've decided not to
really stream it because of course
literally it would ruin it for everyone
else and and a lot of that game is just
shutting up and listening to it so it
would not make for a very good stream
yes we have both played and enjoyed the
Stanley parable
see mods that was a great one to delete
from Chad that would you ever mind
defeated that last comment that was a
great that was perfect
boo Jack I need to know if I should buy
it on that bye bye and play the Stanley
parable it's a very interesting and fun
experience I got a ton of bullets you
save an alarm clock
there's at least three I'm not risking
that yeah there's just two I mean you
could throw a bottle and at least get
them all in one area and then shoot
unless I could throw it a lot oh no no
the bottle was gonna land like 10 feet
away but you know like then you you move
back a little bit and they're looking a
different way and you start shooting I
don't know but yes play play play the
Stanley parable yeah I lost track of
them there that way this way they were
over to hell
so Stanley parable is also very funny it
is I think it's one of those games that
kind of requires you to understand like
first-person shooter mechanics but very
very funny
did it go off already yeah are they
hadn't oh they are I thought that one
might have been too far away nice nice
well we have our strategy it's fine
strategy I like it a lot actually
usually I the strategy I've been going
with is the distract you know
distracting them with a bottle and then
bludging them bludgeoning them with an
axe I can usually do that pretty
efficiently and only get shot a couple
times zero times well listen I I'm
switching up my strategy when I get back
now let's see here recruit more pimps
for you says Jack I'm glad you got a
kick out of dead Sarah this $2 is to
play that song for rich Evans and help
spread their rock-and-roll greatness to
Milwaukee and beyond absolutely you know
who loved dead Sarah is my kids they're
really into female fronted rock bands
and I bought an album though whether you
know what really sold me on it so they
shared one song and I was like yeah I'm
not really sure how to feel about this
so I looked up a couple more songs there
and they have a song called the
weatherman which is a gosh-darn Ripper
you know which way the wind blows what
are you trying to say right so yeah if
you want to be sold on dead Sarah which
is SAR a look up the weatherman it is a
gosh-darn
Ripper it's a Ripa
it's you know it's it's it's uh it's
uncommon at least for me to come across
like a straight-up rock band that has
like a female lead vocalist who can like
really like do that that like scratchy
sing screams scratchy screamy
singy-thing
where are you going oh maybe is that why
you got confused cuz yeah sometimes they
like meander their what it wasn't in a
house but they're like at least four
guards and just wasn't fucking worth it
Lord Belmont says if you don't play the
7th guest for October on the stream
maybe play it for that new series Jesus
Christ shut up already
Cerie Chen says oh how fun should the
Jebus crest shut up already games be
sent to chard or har Lac account either
one will we'll put them in the gift
inventory and gift them to whoever's
computer is here to play them there come
this way I got the confused one take a
moment look around
I think it's best to stay on the move
yeah you're probably right
I wonder if Jack would like joanna
newsom I'm okay with joanna newsom she
is the very strange what oh it's a dog
ice got him
joanna newsom is a very strange singer I
I heard one song of hers years and ages
ago called the sprout and the bean
she's a harpist joanna newsom she plays
the harp and sings really odd Aarti pop
songs and she has this one song called
the sprout and the bean and I thought it
was kind of adorable and then I listened
to some more songs put one back what oh
no but I got that one here yeah you got
that one right here and the the the bit
kind of grew thin on me Joanna Joanna
Newsom bit so she's married to Andy
Samberg Joanna Newsom for anyone
interested in that
don't call women harpies oh no she's a
harpist not a heartbeat but she has a
very strange singing style where where
she kind of sings like this Oh
have you heard about the sprout and the
being you know like Carol
what's-her-name from from Kimmy Schmidt
the landlady Carol cocaine Carol King
Cain Cain Carol Kane and Carole King is
the tennis player I think Carol Kane she
sounds like Carol Kane singing which is
not always great but Regina Spektor I
really enjoy Carol Kane is an American
treasure
Carol Kane is an American treasure you
and I both agree on this she's fantastic
you wouldn't necessarily want to hear
her on
so Billy oh that was Billie Jean King
you're right Billie Jean King was the
dentist
yeah joanna newsom is a oh he has a
blunderbuss I've met with him before be
very careful because that's like a one
shot one kill
but uh I like Regina Spektor a lot she
has some really great songs fuck it a
bandage
Jesus Christ they're coming for oh oh oh
you're trapped that's pretty good run
yeah that was a great run rich one hour
forty minutes no deaths that's a pretty
good run so you want to go perfect your
Orcs Must I know I want a break okay
play anything forbidden don't you want
to try your hand sir you are being
served sir you're being served I need to
use the rest you use the restroom real
quick I think I have proven myself chops
though Oh remarkably all thanks it to
main menu well well I think about this I
have some more tips to read anyway so
I'll get I'll get on with tips while you
go to the bathroom he's gonna be there
he's gonna be there it's gonna be great
it's going to be great
where our retired incenses Hey oh sorry
I'll start and Ted I will say that for
one which comes back turkey burger says
should I give up hope for Nam Star Wars
related blanket reviews who knows who
can say didn't they already say what the
review was gonna be em I think they did
but just in case they didn't I'm not
going to say
let's see here turbo Jesus 5000 says I
work for an Australian company that
makes nut related products and this year
multi billionaire George Lucas came to
our store and got a bag of beer nuts
literally the cheapest product we make
well you know what turbo Jesus sometimes
you just want to eat some beer nuts man
who cares what he bought me what we felt
like eating beer nuts that's what he can
eat he's fine he's fine we what if he
just want some beer nuts who are you to
say who are you just saying would it
would you what George Lucas eats and
tired and sad says why do show streamed
only on Netflix Amazon and other sites
but are not actually broadcast on TV not
simply considered to be big budget
webseries and not really TV shows well
because the format's slightly different
TV TV shows are formatted not just for
when they're released weekly but also
how commercials fit into them and so you
know they have to be very precise with
how they time things out to fit in
commercial breaks
whereas Amazon Prime shows Netflix shows
Hulu original shows don't have to worry
about commercial breaks they can just
make something and they also don't need
to worry about established times they're
not making a 22 minute sitcom with eight
minutes of commercial breaks they can
make it 24 minutes thirty minutes
however long they need to make it so
it's not it's not they're not webseries
they're not TV shows they are this new
thing that's quite wonderful
what
yeah I'm not yeah well I hand this over
to rich no crap lip hood crip clip crip
I am I'm gonna play the game we're gonna
start a new world though and I will also
start as the aristocrat you get um you
get different options you know the the
the aristocrat is is you just start for
rags for bandages and this is kind of
how the game was meant to be played you
could also play as the game keeper and
you get some traps and some whiskey and
a hatchet to start with the inventor you
get a toy train an alarm clock set of
pliers the officer you got a gun to
start with obviously and right yeah so
I'm just gonna start as the aristocrat I
think that's how the game was meant to
be played
Castle Mountain fens Industrial great
one of each oh you can edit robots too
Oh interesting
landowners I want to show rich this
screen because I think this is
interesting I've never played around
with like the difficulty let it levels
or anything like that you can customize
difficulty time elapsed or pieces
returned so I can only assume that's
minutes and pieces returned interesting
I don't know what Squires are poachers
riders balloons stupid balloons this
screen is confusing so so here are all
of the enemies hunters dog Squires
poachers whatever these are all the
enemies that can appear and then you can
adjust when they appear in the game so
time elapsed is the left number pieces
returned is the right number and so you
know after you after either twenty
minutes or two pieces returned then the
amount of hunters that appears goes from
one bar to two bars and after 45 minutes
or four pieces returned
check this out roads I found an
interesting screen yeah the you can edit
the difficulty oh okay I never clicked
on it and so it's either time elapsed or
pieces returned dictates the difficulty
and so you can see here poachers won't
show up until you're either 115 minutes
in or 10 pieces returned okay spend
scarecrows and you know so like that you
know you can tweak it a little bit I'm
not going to I'm just gonna you know
leave it as which ones are the
blunderbuss guys well they didn't show
up too later so they're either maybe
they're poachers we didn't see any
riders riders don't show up until the
yes
like they'd be poachers poachers yeah I
would assume poachers so all right let's
build me a world generating generating
gianna writing oh there whoops sorry I
hit my mic chart and said says hey rich
how much did the George Lucas salad
video was improvises how much did the
George Lucas salad video was improvised
it was nicely done
also what is your favorite arcade game
from the 90s both of us do you remember
the holographic game time traveler I
don't remember the game time traveler
mm-hmm favorite arcade game yeah I'm
gonna forget something I know it I just
find a paperboy pac-man the classic
Galago from the 90s though you still
play them in the 90s the 90 showed up
pretty much playing everything on the
Super Nintendo with the Genesis you're
sure I don't there are many 90s arcade
games I played The Simpsons brawler yeah
that was great that was a quarter sucker
the x-men arcade game I was always fond
of and but you know what the my go-to
arcade was always Time Crisis yep the
shooter where you could you know that
had the foot pedal where you could pop
in and out of cover fucking love with
the time crisis by the way the salad bit
yeah 100% improvise you just had like
they just Mike's phone rang and I ran
with it with the talking to Steven
Spielberg that was Mike's phone going
off in the middle of the shoot really
interesting interesting so you like you
just knew like we have all the salad
like the video go with it no nice that's
great that's great
which people could say wow but half the
comments think it was boring as fuck
right take that saying that I think that
with a grain of salt
yes what Adam said it provides oh wow
everyone hated it oh well wake up what
are you uh
Pet 5 you can you can just add I you
need it I have it very I have a very
different set up at home button yeah my
personal inventory that's on the mouse
you see those three up at the top that
one gets you to your inventory okay
great and then the side I got jump
reload and sprint of the mouse oh these
yeah like the one under that is sprint I
know what I don't have anything that top
one that's nothing right now I should
use that for something that's reload the
one under that is jump oh there's one
under that yeah and then the one next to
that oh there oh there's four buttons
over here this is a fancy mouse yes
right you got yourself a fancy mouse
where is all yours nope you have too
many buttons I'm not I'm not mentally
prepared for all these buttons know
which app nope
which one gamepad five back to game
okay
I'm not sure if anyone ate the salad we
had a lot we had a lot to do that day
there wasn't time for eating salad right
afterwards and for all I know it's in
the fridge now that's crowd oohs crouch
alright so uh which ones Crouch oh uh
keypad enter yeah sure okay great so did
you read any of the ones over that you
just yeah I got up too tired and sad
again okay so why do show streamed only
on Netflix that one yeah okay usury name
says my girlfriend had a dream she's
donating blood Mike and J are the
receptionist and Jack is the
phlebotomist I uh I assume that's the
blood taker I think so a phlebotomist
rich burst him fumbling around with
comically oversized syringes keep up the
good work question mark nice Tyron said
says hey jack i sorry my question was
why shows are streamed on netflix etc
referred to in the media as TV shows and
when Emmys even though they are not
actually broadcast cheers oh so how can
something be eligible for an Emmy for an
Emmy even though it's not a TV show you
know the definition of what a TV show is
is changing is the answer to that it's
still something watched for dominantly
on TV if you look at strange of things
it's blurring the line with movies right
now who some tea is he is good for you
some matches
I got the ax right away and that's
important need a weapon so if you beaten
this game yep no no I I almost did just
know you did you came very very close
there we go
X bottle I got I got greedy one o'clock
yeah you went after that blunderbuss you
could have shot him and you wonder after
him with your ax
I wanted to sneak up on him yeah and get
a couple free hits in it yeah but you
could you could have snuck up on him in
every noise yeah but I assume your axe
makes noise probably not as much as the
gun maybe I guess hmm yeah you're
probably right
I am what am i eating god you're all so
well yeah we're about what cuz you eat
right in the microphone pirated booty
you could you gauge the white cheddar
puffs things I'm sorry I needed a snack
yeah but you just go away from the
microphone there you go
Oh wire sniffers that's what you needed
to get out of tram what if you don't
have those you just brute uh yeah yeah
like you were well I can only assume you
like it's a taught what that fuck is
that is that a gym look at that giant
rabbit can you kill it
we're gonna find out you probably get
the meat from it yeah yes yes
a giant rabbit I want to see what you do
you need to cook it well yeah you need
to cook that shit Jack you know I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna organize this
later I just got it
clock I'm gonna discard this I just want
to show people what this letter is nope
that's not a shit what scrap oh yeah
that scratch what scrap chicken
I wish time would pause while you were
reading Jack is having issues because my
binds are different than his which is a
fair thing which is a fair thing and I'm
just gonna deal with it so you know
yelling at Jack about his play right
there there are letters in the way you
know just kind of give you some color
some some of the world's I don't believe
it does anything it might use what fires
man you got matches you just need a fire
Jack oh yeah that shed I'm excited
you're excited about rabbits I'm excited
about cooking something I've never seen
anything cooked in this game oh okay it
you know it just looks like meat all
right where do we want to go fine you
find somebody nan cook things it just
seems like a lot of bother well you know
what you it's it's about gathering them
gathering a bunch of nan cook things
finding a fire and then cooking them as
fast as possible because robots will run
to a fire really yeah
and all of them will run through a fire
that'd be a good distraction
yeah yeah fire is a great distraction
I've used it before but game is slowly
winning me over yeah I'll admit that
what room I need to find so okay here's
a wispy where are you heading Kylie was
ever gonna be my favorite game ever but
no no I'm I'm getting it you're that's
and yeah that's I that's important takes
a while to get a game oh yeah there's a
wispy anyway are you guys going you're
you're a duck amuck fan that might be
the best Looney Tunes ever duck amuck I
think that's one of the Elmer Fudd and
and Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny arguing
over a rabbit season or duck season one
okay good classic wait no that's wait
duck amuck no wait that might be though
that may be the one we're deaf he keeps
getting redrawn I might be getting them
mixed up I take that back
okay I take that back take it back rich
which one is dug amok remind me
because the three cartoons they made
where they're arguing in the woods over
weather how does rabbit season or not
our gold that's some peak Looney Tunes
yes Oh duck amuck is the redraw that
one's fine now it's fine
I think the Madhab is there a Game Boy
Advance game just based off of that one
cartoon where they redraw Daffy I think
they did I don't know you know what I
just don't know soda Borgnine says
Richard Jack speaking of snacks what is
your all-time favorite lol eatin the
booty all-time favorite snack you know
you can you just can't go wrong with
guard Eddowes the hell's a guard dead oh
you know like the the salty mix with the
ride chips and the pretzels and those
shit
it's a guard dead oh man there we go
there's one
it's names I ever looked what are their
pony names for one that some stones
there was a name on a tombstone oh yeah
nope no Sean Cunningham no
kettle cooked chips are fine good
they're great cracker and cheese combos
sure sure
those are good cuz this lasts a while
you can use a combo like a lozenge like
if you if you have like a bag of Lay's
that's a snack you're gonna eat the
whole bag right oh yeah and then you can
feel bag did you add a whole bag of
Lay's and you're trying to lose weight
that might have shit I might have it I
get yourself a bag of combos do you
feeling hungry
just take one use it like a salt Lawson
do you said you suck at a combo do you
set the timer on the clocks with a right
like okay I did it wrong I don't know
when it's gonna go off but there's a
waiting to see what the jacks Chet makes
out of me saying you know I like to suck
in a combo after it
fuck no that's not Jim that's Joe
shit shit oh fuck my red fuck my rabbit
and you gotta have that in mind before
you grab the thing jack nope
drop the bandages I can put them why am
I not run cuz they're stripping up the
alarm clock oh yeah
we made it you did great you didn't get
hit once I didn't get hit once that was
not am i doing it was exciting that was
exciting Jack that was exciting gameplay
yeah we were you know what while we're
here in the woods mostly hidden I'm
gonna do some inventory management look
at your visibility you're just the
tiniest bit seen yeah tiniest bit you
know we're gonna worry about that in a
second sir jens's hiya rich I know
you're generally not in horror games but
I was curious if there are any at some
point in your life that you kind of
enjoyed beside Dead Rising I guess mine
are Resident Evil 4 and fear I would not
consider Dead Rising a horror game take
more than just having monsters in your
game to be a horror game I think it's
not it's not a horror game but the
original thief could be damn scary back
in the day yeah well you know attention
right that was the game that got me to
jump out of my chair mmm-hmm
Wow so I'll tell the story there's
another one of those stories that you
know we've been we've been doing this
for two years I probably told this story
five times I don't know but does play in
the original thief the dark project hmm
actually that was playing thief gold
which is the slightly upgraded version
nonetheless this level called the the
what is called the escape from Craig's
left there's this prison in a hammer I'd
the hammerheads built I'd old abandoned
mine and you have to sneak through the
mines to get to the prison to break
somebody out of prison okay and you're
in the mine and there's a you come up
this elevator and there's this corpse on
the ground a little ways in front of you
as you walk by the corpse actually jumps
up and starts moaning at you this is the
first time you find out there's actual
zombies and spirits and like
supernatural stuff thing and you don't
know before this so this Corp jumps up
screams at me I jumped like out of my
seat as I was playing the game I
immediately in the game start
backpedaling backwards just without even
thinking about I just jam on the
backpedal button and then I fall down
the elevator shaft and I get eaten by a
giant spider
it was the single most immersive moment
I've ever had in a videogame sounds
great okay here's my plan there's
another group over there
the stones are that way there are robots
over here so I'm gonna start a fire
quickly cook the rabbit run to the goop
it's gonna be great
inventory inventory again
boom now run like hell that's jump
that's okay so I started the fire now
these guys should come to the fire okay
I'll show you what the meat looks like I
could quickly cooked the rabbit that's
not jump
the game I am talking about is called
thief the dart project which if you play
it now fuck you you're gonna have to
drop half your inventory yep
use that I can I can I can run drop the
drop the mushrooms oh shit there's
another one right fucking here
what does toggle debug mean I don't know
but it comes up every time you jump yeah
are the stones I'm just gonna go I'm
just gonna go put this thing back it's
attached itself to uh my damn mom
jump jump bind for some reason maybe you
did an altar jump bind by mistake or
something or who cares yeah but so every
time we jump PC toggle debug so you'll
know every time I jump because we're
also toggling v bow in a perfect world
and I've been trying to do this for like
three weeks and just timing wise it's
not it's not it's never gonna happen
here's here's my gaming roadmap what I
would like to do okay I want to perfect
Orcs Must Die I want to I want to get
that fucking final level down pat I want
to be able to have a nice run through
the game because I enjoy works must die
yeah then I wish to play through the the
to newer Deus X's and then I want to
revisit theif and then I would like to
play Dishonored
yes I'm just never gonna have time to do
this shit once we get done with this
next couple of episodes that will give
us a lot of breathing room because what
we're gonna film two episodes at once so
then and you're done filming other stuff
so then hey
shut up
leaves don't the other ones are right
over here we need to do coops Orcs Must
Die - I'll push jack into that
eventually mm-hmm because of our smoking
Orcs Must Die is fun I'm not as fine -
the second one the second one is very
grindy is it now
yep did you go away that would be great
if you went away and then the third one
I think they'd turn it into a mobile or
something back to the thing get rid of
the stones don't get caught like this is
a lot of thing for me is just like
looking over my shoulder can I beat it
can I beat it can I beat it I can save
progress I think the other one was over
doing great jack I feel like I'm doing
great
I think the other one was over here
there was like a two white things right
in a row oh really they were both right
over here I think you can I'm pretty
sure you can find thief on Steam you can
also find it on gog.com where it is drm
free and god what did that came come out
let's say let's say that game thief came
out the same year as half-life 1936 the
original half-life person 96 I believe
that was the date there is still an
active thief and community making
single-player Maps yeah and various mods
like if you buy a thief the dart project
anthe to look into it there are mods to
you know update the graphics a little
bit look into it cool
look at this when you cook the rabbit
you get this like four different you get
four cooked meats that's nice yeah it's
great
all right where is that other one I
think it was over here and if you want
you can buy the GOG version and you can
add it the steam is like a non steam
link
yeah so if you're used to using steam as
your game hub you can still you can
still buy it on GOG and run it through
steam 98 yeah I thought so
98 yeah okay theif one which is also
known as Steve gold which is the
difficult the only difference being
theif the dark project man thief gold
other than some other minor alterations
is thief Gold has four more levels that
the dark project doesn't it's just an
expanded version of the same game it has
better atmosphere than thief two though
thief too is a better game when they
made thief mmm
it was this crazy idea there's like a
stealth game like before that was a
thing okay and they didn't know how I
was gonna play to audiences so they kind
of played it a little bit safe there's
some monster kind of theme levels in the
original thief sure
whereas what the second one they went
full-on sneak into places and steal the
thing they went all-in and the second
one
you can kind of see which direction
they're looking which is why I'm yes unn
steam they don't update the game to run
on modern hardware you can buy an old
game like FIFA and steam and you'll have
trouble getting add even play if you can
get it to play if you buy it on GOG they
specifically tinker with the game to get
it to run on modern systems oh yeah yeah
so if you buy if you buy theif off of
GOG your it is guaranteed to run on a
newer system
what's my personal favorite of the
series I'm split like I said I like one
for the atmosphere one is a great
atmosphere - I I like just the the the
Zen of breaking into places and stealing
shit one better atmosphere - better
gameplay yeah yeah where are we going
where are we going with it's a great
game if you can get over the fact that
relatively speaking it looks like stick
figures no relatively one of those older
games did
I'm gonna lose my wisp
thief and thief two are 60% off on GOG
rats not like a fucking advertisement
but I like Gog they do good work it's
fucking drm-free you can just buy the
game save it into a fucking disk and
don't have to worry about a servers
goddamn permission before you can use
the fucking thing you bought so I might
sound like a shell but I'm not getting
paid I just genuinely love what they do
for gaming right
you're a shill for gaming yeah not
necessarily GOG it's it's 60% off and
it's a better version of the fucking
game chill away rich chill away if
anyone listening works for GOG and is
into a sponsor opportunities reach out
to us said let me want to be glad to
take up because I legitimately support
the product until they stop doing DRM
free right that's the moment when I
break my ties with roji prereq add red
letter media dot-com will hawk your shit
there's a whisper oh there it is is that
my last one
two more on the island really
yeah well wasn't no mr. glitch says hi
guys
no oh no need to read this aloud oh okay
goodbye this is linked to something he
wants us to read okay not a big deal
not a big deal okay all right Sarah Jen
says well we're on this topic
yep you think you'll be using your heart
monitor for thrilling streams this
October we could if I ever do a no death
run again I'm gonna use that heart rate
monitor yeah yeah that would have been
so awesome playing dead rising
I might part of the reason I want to
perfect Orcs Must Die
yeah I might go for a leg up on stream 5
school run mm-hmm
every mat 5 skull yeah yeah sneak over
here they're gonna run over there for my
alarm clock and I'm going to quickly
grab it
yes I know I know Dead Rising agent he
is out of some people want me to plant
it somebody gifted to me very generous
someday because I can't even get time to
play the games I've been meaning to play
some day I'm gonna play it love it but I
don't know if there's any good reason to
stream me playing the HD version because
I've already had a perfect no death
playthrough on stream i can't I can't
top what what I've done with the Dead
Rising right who shit they saw me if I
ever been to a strip club well we were
at one when we filmed for space Cobb
nope run away I tried to run away but
then they were still shooting me and I
only saw two and I said listen I could
take out two I could take out two as it
turns out couldn't even take out one
rich it's fine jack it's fine couldn't
even take out one motherfucker you can
do it faster ish no you can't dead
risings on a clock you're limited to the
game time you have to last three in-game
days maybe that was a joke rich it might
have been it might have been technically
technically I could do overtime mode a
little bit faster but
you cannot have the Xbox glitch out and
ruin that perfect run look you know
you're not you're not raining on my
parade the real van that was a goddamn
perfect run it's not my fault the Xbox
is a piece of shit
siren said so I just re-watched jaws 3
hmm and it is built for an r LM
commentary track it's much worse than
jaws for on every level especially its
photography which is soft dark overall
fucking awful it's glorious
I can't believe that for a second what
jaws for is the worst thing ever 3 at
least doesn't need setting I haven't
seen three and ages was three the one
where they were in the aquarium and they
had that tube yeah the shark yeah yeah I
remember that I can tell you when I was
a kid I liked three better than four
because four is what the fuck the shark
actually wants revenge right it's
targeting specifically the Brody family
members that's great the dumbest fucking
thing it's great rich are you guys going
just bought the 52 on GOG which order
should I play them in theif one first
yeah that makes sense to me that makes
sense to me if you're if you're longing
for more if you play thief one you're
longing for more levels that are just
straight in break into the place to
steal this or that that's all thief -
thief - was like 100% that thief ones
got at least a third of thief one is
like running around old catacombs
where the fuck is the way these guys
taking me oh whoa can I even get over
there
how the fuck what do you mean what order
they are numbered yeah
Touche there you go
there's some over there yeah but look
what's in the way it's on an island is
it it's on an island on an island that's
neat or annoying now we'll see we'll see
if I can even get over there do I sell
my axe I do but rich what about theif
deadly shadows I've never even played
that yet
I plan to if I can ever get around to it
this is gonna be it's in my list of
things I want to play but they botched
that one when it came out I even heard
about this like more than a year ago
when its installed the there's a lot of
fan patches to make that game not suck
yeah yeah if you get around to the third
one definitely look into all
