Episode 201
Sir, You are not finding the 3DS Capture Software (Part 3)
October 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBaVY4nnFZE
___________________________________________

Hey whoa
we don't know what happened computer
crashed we don't know why we don't know
how
and so we're downloading rocket League
suppose it's possible it was overheated
even though it's not very graphic
intensive game I did have vsync off yeah
it's possible it was trying to display
it like 400 frames a second oh sure yeah
possible possible we have audio yeah
yeah I'm and and then we started the
stream saying oh you know we'll just
talk while we download rocket League
because of course it's a new hard drive
so nothing's downloaded so they'll just
talk about we we record rocket League
but we forgot to turn the microphones
back on and because we had started OBS
and then turn down the microphones OBS
didn't recognize it so then we have to
stop streaming and start streaming again
so you know hey welcome hi
hi everybody rich was just telling me
about crates crates there's now crates
in rocket League what are crates rich
you know rocket League recently like
expanded their items they have the
uncommon items no I don't know anything
about this I haven't been paying
attention what do you just start rocket
League and we'll take a look around
you'll see what the fuck's going on it
said 70% downloading right well there's
a whole bunch of new like hats and
antennas for rocket drills sure some of
them are listed is rare and uncommon and
and now if you want like the rarest
stuff the super ultra rare yeah you you
can get crates Oh randomly you randomly
get yes they sell the key oh that's it
that's how you do it they're gonna make
money hand over fucking fists fuck yeah
they are hand over fucking fist jack
that's the lesson that Team Fortress 2
has taught everyone yeah yeah that's how
you make hats I'd be I'd be horribly
annoyed except it doesn't affect
gameplay it's just cosmetics so it
fucking absolutely fucking absolutely so
and you know there are some people who
will say oh I spent so much time playing
this game I'm okay Kim in a few books
here and then there's some people who
want that status symbol I bought a few
keys cuz I'm okay with getting a few
bucks that market League has entertained
me yeah
so so why not I
the same thing with Team Fortress 2 I
bought I bought crazy get a really sweet
skin right well and like you said it's
not it's not affecting the game boy and
then you know you might like what if you
randomly get a rare hat then you could
put it on and people go oh look at that
sweet-ass head we could also play in the
new DLC I've never played the new yeah
Rena motors I'm gonna do mode oh sure
sure so yeah well we owe some rack of
things it's not gonna rocket League
things to talk about
yeah it'll be great the other thing I
did want to mention briefly is finally I
got a chance to rewatch Captain America
Civil War yeah and it is actually you
know what one of my only saw it once in
the theater yeah and I know one of your
big complaints and a complaint that I
agreed with was that it seemed like it
was two separate stories
George together INRI watching it it's
actually a lot more cohesive than I
remember okay and it flows a lot
smoother than I remember there though it
a lot of it story-wise really does
bother me I know you're on Team Iron Man
about the meeting oversight yeah but
they're walking nuclear bombs but you
know Secretary of State Ross is saying
like like I have some examples of when
you guys really effed up like New York
and not one of them well that was a bad
example but how about how about making
Ultron show oh sure sure no well
everybody he's like New York and you
know the The Avengers go you mean when
we saved the entire planet and it goes
Washington DC and I Captain America is
like you me when I uncovered a vast
conspiracy to murder hundreds of
thousands of people but about the whole
destroying South Africa a little bit of
South Africa a little bit of South
average over the what about the whole
strength South Africa that obviously was
bad but mind control and actually the
thing I was just
just aggravation it wasn't mind-control
no well it was it was he was he was I
always took that as he was like seeing
his nightmares and lashing out right
like the Scarlet Witch show cuz that's
what she was doing to everyone else that
shows people those matters but but so
then we get to ultra and obviously
totally Tony Stark's fault
yes hundred percent and actually that's
what I I really liked about it is his
character arc like it makes sense why
he's on the side of he's punishing
himself for the devastation in serkova
so I really like that about it figure
this shit okay let's go to my garage
wait why isn't this isn't on yeah hold
on we're getting there it's turning on
okay control the controlling needs to be
turned on huh apparently yeah maybe
didn't boom-boom right away I just
unplugged you you should be able to
there we go
nothing that's a guide probably download
a thing or something this server driver
no except that no I'll tap out of here
hold on yeah we did you turn the stream
on for this by the way no when people
can't even see rocket League yet I know
I did them did you oh are you okay hold
on what up with this controller Oh UO
started here that could be it might not
like the hub and which seems bizarre but
maybe it's something vo the hub well
it's a very long cord we could always
plug it into stations but oh it's uh -
the hub yeah yeah the cord should be
able to make it all the way to your
computer I know also for everyone
talking about the computer overheating
because it's Jack's tiny case PC this
was this is my richest computer its
riches computer and he's not running
the software to run these graphics card
so maybe that's it what is bum bum bum
I'll Pat me out of here maybe this is
Windows seven and that's an Xbox one
controller we're gonna we're gonna -
hold on hold on Xbox one I'm typing on
my laptop I was typing on my laptop and
gosh darn it
hey everybody so Captain America in any
case no one defended themselves to
secretary Ross right oh yeah you
probably own a mouse you know yeah and I
was really upset with that but like
everyone's side kind of made sense to me
I I did find one huge glaring technical
flaw yep I support a slight spoiler
alert for the end of Captain America
Civil War if you have not seen it not
total spoiler alert but slight spoiler
alert for the end of Captain America
Civil War
captain and Bucky are fighting iron man
yeah an iron man uses his chest beam to
burn off Bucky's arm okay but Bucky's
arm is made out of vibranium so it
shouldn't be able to do that
I wish you could see I wish you could
see the look that rich is giving me
right now because what we saw in Ultron
Ultron at the end of open Emma might
need to unplug it and plug it back in at
the end of Ultron Iron Man's Chest beam
visions head beam and Thor's lightning
barely melted Ultron's vibranium coating
right but Iron Man was able to just do
it with his with his he was really mad
he was really mad like really really mad
ah yeah its vibranium because remember
he's uh his arm is vibranium because
when did they say that when did they say
that oh they never said that but I'm
about to tell you there's a scene where
he's fighting the Black Panther and the
Black Panther has the special ring and
it reacts to Bucky's arm I hate myself
so much right now yeah then why does
Black Panthers ring like gobbledygook
with Bucky's armor I always assumed that
was because it was vibranium
fucking Xbox the book the Black Panther
has his special ring that he takes from
his dead father to make him be the
controller you're sitting at your crotch
and I'm not gonna reach over to your
crotch to try and get the controller to
work he has he has the ring that he
takes from his father when his father
died and you know what Conda is the home
of all vibranium so you can only assume
that that ring has some sort of
vibranium power or something right we
could use the steam controller I guess
we're gonna have to use this alright
we're gonna use the steam controller as
fuck because that's my life apparently
this doesn't like the Xbox one
controller no the ring totally vibrated
during that scene I thought indicating
that the arm was vibranium and the arm
is bulletproof and super-strong and he
uses it to rip open metal doors I guess
I just assumed his arm was vibranium
everyone everyone's saying his arm was
towing that vibranium but and I know
it's well if Iron Man can't melt
vibranium and he melted Bucky's arm then
it can't be vibranium I was I was pretty
sure that oh you have to be wrong of
course it or or they made a slight
mistake and they knew they wanted to
melt his arm off at one point they said
Iron Man's Chest I can do it it's by the
way totally fucked my life it's totally
not an important thing I was fuck fuck
my wife it was just something it was
just something I was watching and I said
oh that's weird how could it melt
Bucky's arm oh hold on someone sent me a
wiki order article about Bucky's arm
about the cinematic universe although
I'm totally gonna read this
yay I guess we're reading about the arm
I want to know if the arm was supposed
to be vibranium I just want to see if
the arm is very bring him he's just a
cybernetic arm I'm getting there
don't worry jet rich is gonna play
rocket League well I look up Bucky
Barnes is a cybernetic arm
this is so interesting it's it was it
really wasn't that oh is that your skin
yep
that's a really cool skin though right
my tires Jack whoa you got mad sweet
effects this article is poorly optimized
it's very important to me to figure out
what his bionic arm is made out of now
Oh for fuck's sake he's very very bored
me no way oh yeah little sunglasses too
yeah yeah I mean look at the expanded
inventory but I believe it there's
different versions of like the same hat
oh there's different versions of the
same hat this one keeps track of how
many areal goals you score oh you know
what that was a tf2 thing - oh yeah that
so they had stuff they had stuff called
strange weapons and it would keep track
of kills or heels and stuff like that
I'd be so annoyed if this weren't all
just cosmetic right
steam stop bringing up the fuck stop
bringing up this overlay shit I'm not
hitting alright so I can't use this pad
that's fine and steam controller you're
stupid so I've never this is a new mode
I've never played this rumbled mode
before me okay cool let's see what it's
about you know what let's see what it's
all about
Oh weird
what's weird is using this with a
fucking steam controller mm-hmm he
doesn't care he's just reading about
buggies fucking arm
yeah I'm just reading about the arm I
just want to know what it's made out of
it doesn't really say what it's made out
of Wow well how I Oh lipstick what oh
you can punch people that's neat
how do I earn those just got here can
anyone confirm if this is running this
is running on Rich's computer we're
streaming from Ritchie's computer whoa
Oh what
there's stores power-ups Oh neat meat
I'm very sorry about that I got I got a
little transfixed with the the makeup of
Bucky Barnes is a cybernetic arm doesn't
save her it does not say vibranium it
also doesn't Oh for fuck's a vibranium
it's not vibranium why the ring jiggled
when it was near the arm
there's vibranium in there somewhere
okay let's I'll leave it go for now I'm
good I guess all I can say is I'm gonna
do some deep research into Bucky's arm
how can you how can you be stirring out
of fancy new rocket League mode and be
worried about
Bucky's fuckin arm cuz that's the joke
now rich the joke oh my god you just
spider-man did that was great that's
great let's see here where Oh Jack and
rich Evans did you see the Dead Rising
films uh some part of the like crackle
hmm that's a part of one of them's fine
okay
I haven't seen them but read mix things
there there add the way they set up ads
was so obnoxious I couldn't finish oh
sure every minute they've played a full
commercial and no oh yeah that sounds
like it's suck
I thought Warcraft was decent video game
movie and doom is a guilty pleasure to
laugh
Oh Stanley Kubrick says hey guys huge
rlm and prereq fan just wondering if
you've ever heard of a YouTube channel
called blame society films thanks keep
up the good work and looking forward to
the next blanket review I have I have
heard of that but I can't tell you why
or where or how how about that how about
that Stanley Kubrick the blue blaze hey
guys since you seem to know who Yahtzee
is when I mentioned let's drown out are
you a fan of zero punctuation yeah but I
started watching unless we started doing
this because I don't want to color my
views yep it's a game i we've already
done or I know we're not gonna do I
might watch it but and you know I know
he was on The Escapist and I don't think
that's a website anymore so I don't even
know where to find his reviews anymore
I haven't heard anything about them
going down oh I thought they were I know
I know he's she's doing it at YouTube oh
it is you know but as far as I know The
Escapist isn't dead oh I thought it was
that shows you how much I've been paying
attention yeah so once we started doing
the show I stopped watching other
people's reviews
well shadowy lead 5 says give a youtube
link instead did this work you must
watch link will this work I don't know
and future famous person says when is
plinky gonna do a buffalo bold pizza
rolls unboxing video that's it that's
the important question tomorrow it'll be
out tomorrow mr. cliff says hey guys the
Xbox one controller requires a driver to
work with Windows 7 and we've noticed
thank you for that link we will I tried
downloading what it still didn't seem to
work so I just switched to the steam
controller which is very weird for me to
use yeah well we'll get that will fix
all this oh oh that's a neat one that is
anyone we we're going to these buttons
feel so small to unify our experience
we're going to make sure we upgrade this
computer to Windows 10 maybe maybe we'll
come in early on Wednesday and do this
stuff and traitor to Zeke says this is
late because I got in a hand of fate
endless ooh I'm shooting a wet well if
you're late yeah but thanks for
recommending hand to fate just 100
percent in a second hundred percent in a
second time this time on hard your
recommendation has consumed two hundred
hours of my damn life well that's great
yeah hand if a it's a great game oh shit
oh yeah I know they're working on a
sequel
oh rich hey shit happens yeah it does
yeah I'm excited about just the hand of
fate in general I'm wondering what
they're gonna do with a sequel that they
can't accomplish when it with an
expansion maybe some more character
designs that would be great oh you saw
the hand of fate Siegel and alpha looks
amazing oh well that's great that's
great I'm excited
Lloyd Beach says Jack since you won't
accept my duelist friend requests oh I'm
sorry you know what Lloyd B's I haven't
been on recently that's why I haven't
accepted just because I have not played
recently because I've been playing other
things for prereq so it wasn't anything
in particular I really like duelist I'm
gonna get back to it but it'sit's
nothing personal I just been playing
other stuff duelist is a really fun game
though
what's my highest rank I don't think I'm
not very far into it I've only gotten to
like rank 18 maybe I think it's been a
while I'm not very far but next time I
hop onto a list I will make sure to
accept your friend request
they save dipshit that's right jack
burgers I have other video games to play
for work we were we're doing we're doing
some sir you are being hunted and before
that we're gonna do event zero a couple
a couple Shorty's that we can play and
talk about give me some episodes to edit
so then we can play some games for fun
but no no diamond no s ranks yet I'm
still I'm still just you know collecting
cards getting up in on it
zombie Pro is striking us down dragging
us down I'm sorry Rachel hey guys have
you seen or are planning to play the
house abandon the you need to be same or
word just a neat take on the text
adventure genre by one of the guys from
alien isolation team Ivan I have not
heard of it but uh put a link in the
chat that was no I mean that's how you
use that power up right there yeah put a
link in chat to a video or something
written about it and we'll take a look
all right there you go check either try
this shit okay I'm gonna try this shit
and then we'll make we'll make room to
play with you yeah yeah let me just play
for oh god that's right this team you
know it's so weird and then oh this
thing's a monstrosity we keep it around
for situations like this they needed to
make room for those giant pads that
don't work well right right
this thing's awful you hear that you
hear it it's awful it's awful I don't
need to turn on my mic I just need to
get closer to my face their shadow at
leap 5 says generally 5 speaking of
Bucky's armed yeah this is a very
important question for Jackie what is
Iron Man's armor made of right some kind
of titanium alloy if I remember from
Iron Man 1 though which yeah that's like
the first suit right it could have
changed a dozen times
yeah the Mach 1 was titanium alloy but
uh I can only assume something like that
just make it out of titanium well no you
need an alloy so it's lighter if it's
just Itanium it's gonna be very heavy
what know what why you're making faces
how do you know how heavy Titan
vibranium is oh you know you said you
they should have just made it out of
titanium
no no vibranium yeah oh my green why
does he just make it out of vibranium I
can only assume vibranium is very heavy
wouldn't you think a a metal that
absorbs energy would that be heavy I
don't know that there's a great job of
aiming the ball at your own team's net I
was I was trying to bounce it and I and
I saved it so it's okay oh we're still
doing this thing uh-huh
how do you get power that stick they
recharge every now and then you got one
now it's some kind of wheel thing I
don't know what it does but it's almost
out I'm forgetting what buttons do one
so wait what do you mean let's take a
look push down on it yeah huh oh I see
yeah we know
oh it's great what job jack listen I'm
still goddamn monster talking about tech
tanning bullshit and get a magnet thing
oh I see I'm gonna get closer
oh well that did a lot of good I'm
pretty good at this game I don't know if
you noticed Wow oh sweet
I was pretty great that was sweet but uh
well he and he can't make his suit out
of vibranium because it's very hard to
come by and it's a very rare material I
know whatever whatever and you know the
the the abundance of it was you know
Ultron took and then and then had to uh
and then they melted him and blew him up
so I don't care whatever that's true
that's true rich freezin it's not
freezing oh there go I think you got to
be closer okay I get it
shit I don't know about the power-ups I
don't need the show of randomly I don't
know it seems like a good way to make
this game a headache it's it's just an
option it's just one of those like for
fun things right yeah oh I understand I
understand once we're done with this
that will open up a room and and just
play regular rocket League yes the first
man first gold steel Ally doves a gold
titanium alloy I thought I don't there
was no gold that's just the paint coat
well it was a gold alloy in there
there's a gorge that was their excuse
for the gold color oh I think no no he
just wanted it to look like a hot rod he
saw a picture of I don't know about that
I'm pretty sure there's supposed to be
gold in there somewhere if you think
yeah
first rooms all silver yeah remember the
first one was all silver yeah
and then he almost died and so let's add
some gold or something sad something you
looked at a picture of a car I don't
know I forget so the picture of the car
that that makes it not freeze I don't
you know I don't know man it's been the
fucking ever since I saw Iron Man 1 whoa
oh yeah I'm forgetting I'm completely
forgetting how to play rocket League now
we've been you know the boys have been
watching all the Marvel Cinematic
Universe is so like a lot of them are
just melding together in my brain gold
was for freezing red was hot rod oh
there we go so we were we were both
right I was more right because you said
it wasn't gold huh I was more right sure
you know I find out okay he the point is
he looks at a hot rod and he said I want
to be a hot rod right you're getting
wrecked in this conversation and in the
game he wanted it to look like a hot rod
that is a true statement that if you
don't like you power up and you don't
want to use it because it wouldn't be
beneficial can you switch it out oh
that's a fine question rich
that's a fine fine question away from
you
boom
I almost did something cool I came
really close to doing something cool
Iron Man 3 would have been great if the
twist had gone full 360 and Ben Kingsley
really was the Mandarin no no don't be
dumb no that was that was the Smart Play
that's what made it interesting driving
to the ball and use your stick oh I was
there step is scored because of that I
was there this jumped right past it
terrible terrible
mmm-hmm I just won't play this mode I
don't I don't think I like this what is
that what does that do I think that's
the punching glove right no it's active
now whatever it is did you punch
something I don't know hey someone else
punch something shit
something's happening area let the box
Oh jack that's pretty I had it though
like I almost did something cool again I
mean we lost yeah yeah you know all
right I'm gonna more this to our setup
I'm setting up a room all right daddy
I'm setting up a room to be sandwich
says do be sandwich say Ricardo have you
ever played a PC game that you adored
despite it consistently crashing or
freezing on you I felt this way for the
Talos principle and I was running it on
a modern computer I know I have had this
happen and no I don't remember what game
it was I know I've had that happen where
it's just like a game you really enjoy
it but technical products technical
problems that would crash frequently Oh
God
this has been a thing I just don't
remember what the hell gave you was so
yes but I can't properly answer your
question I'm sorry
okay the room is prereq one word the
password is one-two-three-four prereq
one two three four come and joined let's
play some rocket League I've heard good
things about the Talos principle that's
what that's a game that's on our list
yeah a list of things to play no I
should join dead dead rising yeah I
think that crashed a lot because the 360
is a piece of shit but I remember
playing a game I don't know what it was
it crashed a lot more freakily net oh
yeah and I'm pretty new to the whole PC
thing so you just playing normal are you
playing powerup mode there's normal he's
normal yeah fuck powerup mode you don't
like it no I did not like it at all
alright huh I you know what it's one of
those things where if I got bored I'm
not bored with this game mode but I
could see if if I was playing this game
mode more how I would want something
different but I still like this if I'm
going for something different I would go
with like their hockey or the the
randomizer one sure I don't care for the
power-ups yeah
oh then they advertise something about a
demolition derby mode oh really you know
what we kind of I don't know it might
not work but I'd be interested trying
like you get demoed you're out until the
next goal that that might get really bad
really quick I don't know yes it would
but it could be fun it could be
potentially be fun sure nice nice Mario
Mario you were there like this oh it was
both of us
I thought he you know what it's okay
it's okay can we even look about Bucky's
vibranium arm some more yes
you gave him enough of a nudge yeah that
I was able to go in proper we were both
there traitor to Z says what next for my
hand of fate play completing game on
hard not unlocking any cards except
through bosses and then only playing
endless or only endless from the get-go
PS hope your week improves rich I should
it should thankfully it's just starting
now that's true it's Sunday I want to
hang out here a bit later tonight after
the stream so I can try and get the rest
of the bad paint job off of Karin's new
PC case so I can try and paint it again
and hopefully it won't suck this time I
gotta figure out exactly what I did
wrong was like we're just too close with
the spray can i problem I hope that was
it the paint I used was paint and primer
so I didn't use a primer it's dead
painting primer sure that shouldn't
matter like it's just I'm gonna use a
primer this time anyway I'm not taking
any chances now yeah back up with via
first go down first coat did not go on
perfectly there's some areas it looked
bad so I went to do a second coat it was
also
pretty flat so I want to do a second
coat and a second coat when I'm blotchy
and them bubbly and did you not give it
enough time to dry their day well all
evening you gave it a day to dry uh
probably about 12 hours maybe give it a
little bit longer to dry between coats
maybe everything's supposed to take more
than a few hours but I gave him one man
I gave it like 12
so yeah better safe then Safari that's
what they say shit she do use your
double jump jack I my brain not fast
enough
my brain did not work fast enough rich
okay well this is some intense sock
whoring sand between coats
oh sure that might help I could try
I don't know if that'll help with the
splotchiness though I think that just
you just might have had a bum coat you
know hmm hmm Danny we're trying to get
it off the plastic front was a nightmare
I believe it
I used googan which took off the paint
but also fucked up the plastic so I
spent a hour - before you got here
sending the plastic case something
resembling even in flat the plastic part
of the case that is right
mara mara give us a solid I got it yep
we're gonna see why is rich trying to
paint the case anyway because it's my
fiance's case and I wanted to look nice
as I would do something nice for her
I was gonna paint it a nice purple yeah
and and put some flowers not it I get
pretty stencils make it pretty yeah
that's I mean maybe maybe it's just
because I'm a nerd but I think that's a
very romantic gesture thank you jack
she thought so yeah I was gonna do it as
a surprise but I figured well what if
she doesn't like what I do with that you
know concession consult then she got all
excited about buying stencils and then I
go to paint it and I fuck the fucking
paint job up I feel like an ass you know
Oh put the thump of the way I got a kill
all the people I put on off I know
you're excited about this but now you
don't get it wait I thought you were
gonna get it and I'm sorry
yeah I was inspired though when I was
looking at paints and whatnot for her
case I went to Autozone I got some nice
like metallic red I'm gonna fucking
paint my next like Iron Man
no gold just red just red keep it simple
I don't I don't let the Iron Man theme
computer anyway no you need like a
pinstripe on it like I do silver pins
I'm like Finn silver silver pinstripe
off-center along the front yeah that'd
be awesome
thicker one thinner one next to it oh
you know what next one was Karen's idea
yeah now you're talkin that's what they
do here fancy cars and she server went
down okay server went down for
maintenance really that's what it just
said I don't know if it's still
happening eggs isn't the main menu and
try and set it up again forgetting this
though just the main menu and try and
set it up again I can't imagine they
took all of rocket League down maybe
maybe if you set it up again it'll set
it up itself up on a different server
unable to find server create private
match Oh
it's not everyone not our damn fault
we're just having a we're having an off
night here we're just having one of
those off nights and that's gonna be
fine it's gonna have to be fine there we
go
I should probably join here we go let's
rock this joint rockin and a-rollin
rockin and rollin Hawking Bow Wow right
League I like your new jet your new uh
your new rocket your lightning oh yeah
that's pretty badass I thought so too
that's why I used to lightning it for
Braco
oh they got one that I don't have it's
pixel fire eight 8-bit flame trails
that's one of the super rare ones that
you have to pay for a key to buy a
chance of getting it's such bullshit I
love it rich you know why that's ionics
they really like money yeah oh they're
gonna make it they're gonna make it a
make it well and hopefully they're doing
it's smart we're like you said they're
not no no no they're not messing up the
core experience but that's okay I pour a
portion of the proceeds go to funding
eSports oh yeah quite frankly they've
earned it but uh yeah yeah it's only
good if a word cosmetic I I'd be pissed
but it's cosmetic yeah then I'm making
you pay in game for like rocket boost
well getting rid of the rocket pickups
and every time you want more boost it's
five cents five cents to reveal the
boost you can wait two hours and watch
some advertisement Oh pay five cents
yeah
I mean they could have done some shit
like that is your credit card
information up-to-date and cuz you know
that's gonna matter
whoa
nice nice shit shit
no that's EA's rocket League yes now you
get it
yay so much blue someone said that
someone saved me from myself
hang back hang back wait for my chance
wait for my opportunity to - nope
oh wow not even cannot even close right
there maybe they made a fun game that
you can get for twenty bucks they want
they wanna make a ton of money selling
hats
oh whatever yeah works for tf2
when spray-painting yeah do light coats
and don't keep the button depressed
while going back and forth press stroke
release press stroke release like that
shouldn't take more than 15 minutes for
a stroke to drive but does then you're
spraying too much of time I think that's
what I did wrong oh sure a little heavy
on the button yep
I'm I'm probably a little bit too close
and putting on a little too thick I
think that's what I did
a lot of things I spray paint here just
for some prop there were it's gonna be
on camera for like five minutes somebody
did quick again it sprayed it's painted
let's go
I think a lot of times it's still wet
when it's on camera we got the big giant
fan right yeah you're still in make it
quick and fast oh that was an
embarrassing whiff not you who was that
someone someone on the other team and
what about you on camera everyone one
pimp small what were you doing in look
at look at our defender here no no oh no
it's Nigel pepper cock he thought
somebody else is gonna take care of it
maybe he was shocked when I got by the
other defender sure I don't know what
you were doing what a fancy jump to
nowhere when the ball was going left it
goes up I was we already had people on
the ground but having me on the ground
wouldn't do any good but having me go up
in case it went up that didn't help at
all that doesn't oh oh that was really
nice sending it down the field yeah
but then when she got down the field
right I just send it down the wrong side
of the field I sent it down towards my
goal which is not the right place to
send it
nice nice the plink pedalboard entirely
different type of paid that's not
spray-painted anywhere that's all I have
exterior outdoor paint when I'm with a
roller right why does something thick
and durable on that and then the other
one the the edges the colorful edges
that's all cheap acrylic paint on foam
and it looks great it looks fucking
great it does look great
yeah when cattle board looks great so
that was that was just made differently
that was not a product of spray paint I
don't think I've done one thing this
game that's okay you're winning we're
winning so I'm gonna be okay yeah it's a
mascot I'll be the mascot before you're
using the steam Patrol and I was playing
earlier and I was like oh my god this
all feels wrong like even when you're
not using the the pads the the steam
controller feels very wrong oh saved it
saved it though all right oh that's fine
it's all fine he'd knock it in Oh didn't
I AJ pimp sale page a pimp sale a jape
it's all somebody somebody just edit out
that is a separate thing Jack saying age
a pimp age a pimp sale agent pencil Erin
you play for a little bit aged a pimp
sale brings it back after after you had
that the Miss from earlier what if you
for some reason the steam controller
this goes straight to this crap okay I
know I didn't bind that oh I'll get
carried atomic Lynch sooner man says
whatever happened to that second best of
the worst you guys recorded how are you
holding it until after the blanket
review it's been too busy working on
something else
it wasn't a J pimps all is I believe the
his full name not age a pimp sale I'm
not gonna say tomorrow but it's not far
off
it's not far off server went down again
we'll get one more game in I'm able to
call it servers keep going down and
that's fine
shit yeah you did that
AJ pimp saw you that was a that was a
clutch save alright and we're back ooh I
like this arena though that looks cool
dad
look at it yeah look at it yeah it's
just big and kind of gonna plane well it
looks cool though I was at a thing in
front of the net
how are you playing hoops no you playing
hoops
Oh interesting
there's a thing bark under the net well
this is kind of a split yeah it's weird
it's weird yeah no rich did not say
tomorrow he just said no soon it's not
gonna be tomorrow I'm not doing a thing
it's not gonna be tomorrow or are you
doing a thing and saying it's not gonna
be tomorrow wink wink wink wink Ted said
as the Millennials get older are you
dreading the inevitable wave of 90s
nostalgia much like the 80s nostalgia
we've been living in for years now
Ellison Nirvana nostalgia you know what
is there what is there to be had for 90s
nostalgia what could one look forward to
other than some good music
honestly cargo shorts look what idiots
wear what they want shit
no and actually here's here's the fun
thing we won't get 90s nostalgia because
mid-90s is when we started the nostalgic
train mid 90s is when swing music came
back right and so if we got mid 90s
nostalgia it would actually be a swing
will be RiRi back it'll be nostalgia for
the nostalgia we had for swing music I'm
sure there's such a thing that's
happened before I'm sure we've had to
stall jet for a thing that was nostalgic
that breaks my brain a little bit yeah
super baggy clothes and and flannels
which I guess flannels are back because
of hipsters bud
damn nice
I didn't know no dumb Tiny's kids Jack
thinks he invented nostalgia I'm just
saying like that's when nostalgia
started becoming the popular culture I
don't remember a time in the late 80s
where we were saying man let's all be
flapping oh yes we need some nostalgia
for Ace of Base I agree I saw the sign
and it opened up my eyes and I am happy
now here without you whoa Oh sounds like
something I could do without Ace of Base
yeah yeah it was terrible oh wait is
that a is that a mesh in front of it
yeah I can't go through that No
as a mesh it's a mesh
I love a man I love Ace of Base to
smashmouth never stops
smashmouth is forever smashmouth it will
last five lifetimes
babi shadow Levi's says this is the most
important tip you will ever receive when
is the next planket review coming god
damn it won't be tomorrow I'm waiting I
would love you know I would love so much
for it to come out tomorrow yeah you
know the day I would love for it to come
out the day after her stream cuz then we
can say it comes out to me yes it'll be
true yeah you know what that would be
great you know who probably won't care
about doing that as Mike yeah he
wouldn't give a shit
so another thing a lot of people think
the date on the salad is relevant it's
not that was just the date on the salad
problem yeah oh my god red letter media
was so clever I wish we thought of that
now they had the date of the release of
Sally
salad conspiracies nope that would have
been awesome that would have been great
but of course that would also mean that
they would know when it's coming out and
their total there already is a red
letter media Cinematic Universe and
there haven't you haven't you already
connected blanket to half in the bag
which is the only thing that has a
storyline what's my favorite Newman
salad dressing oh I'm sure they're all
great actually not played I had no idea
that was Newman's salad until I opened
the container oh where do I go with this
George Lucas money no you probably knew
Paul Newman yeah I don't need salads
that often I'll be very honest with you
you're right this Aryan part what metal
is mr. plinkus wheelchair made out of
I'm gonna say aluminum because I think
that's almost Ammar made out of aluminum
but it's been polished with wudu I'd
and it you know it's like I guess the
going going back to Bucky's arm which I
know everyone is really excited to hear
about I guess the whole ring vibrating -
Bucky's arm thing really could have just
been showing that Black Panther was
surprised at how strong the arm want oh
nice save rich Oh double save you
couldn't you can't had driven it all the
way after the double save but I did
anyway Jack I did anyway congratulations
well played well played well played so
it maybe it wasn't the ring vibrating
maybe it was just the Black Panthers
hand being surprised at how strong the
prosthetic arm was I read it as the ring
was reacting to another piece of
vibranium so it could be on me I guess I
always just assumed it was vibranium
because it's bulletproof in a very
strong metal so
that's over
a surprise yeah I could have been a
surprise damn
maybe it's a vibranium alloy I'm this is
gonna be this is gonna be a big chunk of
my morning tomorrow I'm gonna dedicate
it to figuring out what bookies arm is
what metal Bucky's arm is made out of
specifically Marvel Cinematic Universe
Bucky not kamek Bucky are we done I'm
done
I mean we're back at the Bucky's armed
so yeah good game good game everyone
good game
let me hit the little sub button
exclamation point room doesn't end just
won't leave right other people can play
if they're having fun organizing the
chess start your own fucking game then I
don't know uh I do have children I care
for but they'll go to school tomorrow
morning and so I'll have the morning to
myself so I'll have how much do you love
school how much do I love it's not just
school rich they're both in school full
day you know for a while my half days
preschool is only Hampton yeah
and so you know drop them both off in
the middle of the day like stop whatever
I'm doing go get one yep now they're
both full days it's the greatest thing
in the world loves it
love it you know I'm good you got to
pick out a lunchbox he's five years old
rich and the biggest thing in his world
was like eating lunch at school was like
now I'm a I'm a big kid I get to eat
lunch at school he picked he picked out
a kylo Ren lunchbox cuz he loves bad
guys and Star Wars oh he was the
happiest kid in the world
he was great so no they love it they're
just dickheads on Friday they're just
way too tired
oh yes and sick of each other wait where
did the subs think oh so give each other
they can't be in the same class IV odd
oh no no sorry that was a whole
different conversation that seeped into
my brain oh oh Friday they're just
overtired okay and then they're sick of
each other because like they get home
and they're both overtired and then they
start fighting over toys ooh where did
my subs thing go what the blue blazes I
have a stack exchange post that can put
all this to rest what I real click on
great wait I'm gonna click on that the
blue blaze
let's explain what you've got okay let's
see this blank screen there there is
something called a sigh a sci-fi Stack
Exchange science fiction and fantasy
exchange of some kind and so the
question is the Winter Soldier has a
metallic arm and being a Marvel property
it's unlikely to be something as simple
and straightforward as aluminum or steel
so what metal is it made out of that is
the question and the highest-rated
answer is there is no cannon source
information regarding the alloys used to
create the winter soldiers bionic arm
given its displayed characteristics
titanium a6 because I read titanium
alloys would be most likely material
used in exo-armor coating of the
cybernetic prosthetic okay so there is
no cannon so this has been a pointless
debate utterly pointless
you know this real loud oh sorry I am
well so they they they have kind of
showing their math adamantium or
secondary adamantium not likely this see
see you can't be the the cinematic
universe can't be adamantium oh you're
probably right so definitely carbonadium
okay I don't know what that is no while
it has an excellent damage resistance
and the next entender when you when you
can't get at a man tiem carbonadium is
unfortunately highly radioactive so it's
not carbonadium whatever that is
vibranium is it vibranium while not
considered particularly tough in the
cannon marvel universe vibranium seems
quite durable in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe Captain America's shield the
names to use not primarily adamantium
but a vibranium alloy the possibility
that the arm is made or coated in
vibranium is interesting but not likely
given Howard Starks assertion that
Captain America shield was all the
vibranium in the world of course that
was way back in World War two oh so
there's not even Canon in the comics for
his metal arm is what they're saying
isn't that surprising nurse what no one
has figured this out it's surprising
that nobody has figured this out yes
right the arm is super strong and still
has articulated surfaces given the
relatively thin coating of shield metal
is needed to be quite tough because the
arm has blocked small and medium
creators of the Marvel Universe and the
current creators of the Marvel Universe
don't care about that kind of continuity
they don't care
back in the day back in the 80s to be a
fucking handbook describing not only
what it was made of you know how his arm
was made yes like Tom DeFalco and Mark
Grunwald would be all over that shit and
Jim shooter would be encouraging them
yes of course
now what's gonna sell the movie at a
time that's more civil wars and bother
coming I want to do a story
or so-and-so is gay and now the books
have taken suit again hey you know what
those the Civil War movies really
popular let's do civil war - oh god
they're like midway through Savannah or
- I know joke rich I know goddamn joke
okay so there is no official Canon on
Bucky's metal arm but we do know exactly
what darth vader suit is made out of
you're absolutely right
Genghis Borgnine says I wish winter
soldiers arm was made out of VR so Jack
would stop caring about it I like that
thank you
well get your fucking VR some apps that
don't look like ass and won't care okay
hold on I got a type in the subs thing
again subs because I missed the first
one
wait don't scroll away these are all the
subs that sub to us today hopefully I
didn't miss any but these are all the
subs that subbed Bucky okay where are we
like a feminine subscribe to us thank
you a feminine Frisco Jones 25 fucking
months in a row that's incredible specs
poor for 23 months in a row since we're
passing a laptop oh we did three each
sure and specs for says 20 months feel
like it was only yesterday when you guys
started you know it kind of does yeah it
does it's been a little does since we've
been streaming and it really does feel
like we just started BM p 59 welcome
Killroy Mick Trump all this time I
haven't been working on my next book I
have been eating the most secret spinach
and salad recipes the most secret
I was killed Raymond trunk ok jyggalag 5
no to press the unsubscribe button and
shit I get it I get it I get it
rich read Stardust 20 fucking months in
a row carry washer 3 Lasher says hey
boyos
enjoyed your sexy salad unboxing which
Evans sexy salad unboxing starving
Mogwai welcome purple space bazooka for
20 fucking months in a row hooray
20 months of hack a fraud goodness keep
up the good work and if you have free
time please consider fucking my cock
thanks perhaps 78 webs the web oh geez
Lord Belmont 18 months in a row Lord
Bowman says 18 months you hack frauds
John b8 2021 fucking months in a row
thanks for being awesome as always that
was John B John B and going on the sloop
John B know what I'm talking about and a
grandfather and me what a Beach Boys
song about sailing I wish never the last
one so I can awkwardly hit the stop
streaming button but that's not the last
one here Pet Sounds there's more there's
more names to read and now you're giving
me the cut off material you've chosen
now to give me the cut off material
krieger seven eight three twenty four
fucking months in a row I gave you the
best two years of my life used to two
more Cheers second sucks I don't want
the next
years there there there there ii hear
the rundown years we had the best it
just gets better
circa six think I want lesser quality
goods by the way rich what's a good six
has been subscribed to us for twenty
eight fucking months in a row said the
longest possible is that currently 28
thank you fleshy patch for twenty four
fucking months in a row
oh and once I saw a blimp okay we're
gonna get to 36 sooner or later have
something planned
Oh God what do we do I don't nothing
fucking motherfucking that's how you do
it thirty-six sure all right or do we do
thirty no we gotta read we got to
correct the ship then 20 that's funny
was a mistake it should have been twenty
four fucking months in a row yeah yeah
no was the last one you didn't sugars
cupcakes s GRS of sugars I'm guessing
sure without the vowels sugars
Lego face Lego faces
this isn't salad I subscribe for salad
sagen one two two zero twenty fucking
months in a row it's crazy that's crazy
Sagan two to zero
Oh y'all Oh y'all crazy like Biff in
bridge nine more XCOM in PC builds says
Biffen bridge nine-toed decimals lady
Denning and user renamed for twenty
three fucking months
keep up the good work at some point I'm
gonna have to go to ex-cop I haven't
checked out the DLC yet oh yes use a
rename welkins the clown 20 fucking
months in a row
nasty flawed 13 months in a row nasty
flawed says hi guys I'm not sure if you
mentioned it but do you have any plans
for pass-through well we'll get to all
the brains sooner or later I'm sure I've
got too long we get some time it's time
Phoenix great call it a more brew next
time we're talking about what movie did
you for muscle worse I'm advocating
heavily for the Braemore Breen evil
crash 9 evil crash 9 says looks like
team rocket League is blasting off again
MC Lucas coming close to success with 27
fucking months in a row it's still
impressive it's very impressive
MC Lucas says you guys are the best and
I say no you guys are the best
you know I'm saying you do my name is
Tate 15 months in a row a clock work
Stalin 23 fucking months in a row and
Sarah Chen surgeon says oh snap five
months to go one less than three y'all
lay off them drugs Harry
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really really
do I would like to start some headcanon
for Bucky's are
