Episode 203
JESUS CHRIST SHUT UP!!! - Vampire The Masquerade (Part 2)
October 15, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNgZAviICUQ
___________________________________________

can you guys see this I should
double-check that they can see this
please hold
I'm just gonna double-check that you're
seeing the game
oh no they're not rich huh they are
seeing the game in a tiny tiny window
look at how they're seeing the game
that's weird and now they're seeing the
chatty things pop up we'll fix it Oh bye
guys it is just it is just freaking
right the fuck out yeah we're gonna
we're fixing it where's my mouse there
it is there it is that monitor capture
no that's the overlay so now yo now we
can go to games yeah yeah night now
you're on it now you got it
except for nope hi can you scroll up or
down No
ah
Moebius does not recognize it uh window
capture maybe somebody tried great yay
this is going great I'm very excited
about all this what is this that's
that's what that's that's the torture so
if people want I'm really good right at
watch are they gonna have that which is
great or not the torture that was chatty
that was chatty not the - at you know
those are
all right here's what we're gonna try it
here we're gonna try get out of here get
vampire the bloodlines backup vampire
the vampire and options that
and yeah see if we can get better
resolution yeah there you go
okay now quit yep yeah great all right
guys we're on it maybe we're on it and
maybe look at their hopes up oh wait
wait wait you have to launch it from the
from the shortcut window capture Bagon
and or monitor capture back on whichever
let's hear it yeah there's the monitor
that's a great that's a great background
rich I don't see what this looks like
maybe hey welcome to the shit show
everyone we did it we're finally ready
rich we're finally ready to play vampire
are we the mass we finally ready ok can
anybody truly be ready to play vampire
the masquerade bloodlines do we ever
prep the for stream yeah bite my ass I
don't want to play this game in the
first place what what we decided
beforehand was we wanted to capture the
true gaming experience yeah yeah and if
you were just some random person who
came across vampire the bloodline the
reins this is what you would have to go
through and we wanted to stream our
experience to you
hey I anticipated some kind of futzing
around that I get to get it to work
I didn't expect a fan patch that would
take literally an hour to download right
that I did not anticipate oh yes I won't
forget Dawn of War 2 on the list you're
right let's crash shut up
dawn of war - great got it got it gotta
get it let's see here let's see we're
hyperactive slob says hey guys tips one
play it like you want to malkov n' turns
the game from serious into Deadpool
because they are insane so they're
saying we should play malkov a nyan 3
there's a questionnaire that helps
create a character have fun oh it's
night we're here answer the series of
questions about the type of vampires you
would like to play no to the game to
create your character do I have the
option to play as a human apparently not
let's and so let's add let's answer
questions they won't give me that option
you are stuck in traffic after a concert
and the guy behind you is laying on the
horn your friends in the car are urging
you to park the car and help them stick
this dude's horn somewhere uncomfortable
do you what kind of vampire do we want
to be rich in the hospital whatever my
bones are at the opening in a very
exclusive nightclub won't select you
inside to party with all the beautiful
people do you go somewhere else and do
something that's actually fun and then
hanging around a bunch of drunk people
let's talk our way out of it convince
him we work for that director you know
and you'll bring him with you next time
slip in undetected or slipping under
desk or bribe him or bribe him how do
you feel rich you just beat up a guy
because he laid on his horn too much
that's your character I want to let you
know that I don't care about any of
these two was fine
great you were mugged last night it
wasn't life-threatening but you want to
take
some measures to make sure that if it
happens again you aren't defenseless do
you sign up for martial arts class start
carrying a knife and conceal it in your
belt or buy a gun have clothes and
personals my style
yeah all right this is the person who
sneaks into nightclubs and and fights
people who honk at him and you got a
knife in your belt now great I know I'm
understanding your character is I'm not
judging your character I'm understanding
your character you are in a hospital
looking for a doctor who's late on his
blood payments what his blood payments
oh god is that some kind of retarded
vampire the masquerade bullshit a nurse
steps in front of you and says you can't
go in there it's restricted the medical
staff only do you toss her aside like a
rag doll and keep going or show her your
fangs and send her fleeing in fear for
her life fucking kill that bitch she's
getting in between you and your blood
payments this is why I can't get into
this game well I'll keep the dreck you
like Sims toss her aside like a rag oh
this is not the fantasy for me whoa whoa
or do you hit center with your fangs
like they do in the movies fine you're
out beat at an auction for a macabre
piece of art that you just must I really
don't need that vikarm piece of art you
know the collector who won it you've
been you've even been to his house do
you get a few drinks with him later and
persuade him to sell it wait until he
leaves find his spare key and make it
look like a robbery or write an
unflattering critique on the artist get
it published and just wait for your
friend to try to unload it well none of
those seem like good options move it's
fine an intruder has broken into your
house and has hinted you
you have no choice but to confront them
overpower wrestle grab a heavy lamp and
smash their face in or grab your gun
wait you chose a knife before where did
you get your gun where did you get your
gun why don't you both sound nice yeah
yeah go with the weapon smash the face
in always go with them always smash
their face in with a lamp not with your
bare hands yeah cuz that might hurt your
hands you're not gonna you know you can
always do that after you hit him with
the lamp right boo okay while in the
club cuz we go clubbing all the time you
spot your ex roommate who skipped out
after taking your stuff and leaving you
with a stack of bills he looks dead
drunk do you grab him by the head and
repeat okay if you were a spy would you
be the kind that charms and seduces or
the kind that gets in and out without
being see the world is a cruel and
unforgiving place but you've gotten so
far why is it because you live alone and
don't need others or do you stay out of
sight and the world won't even know
you're there
thank for you blue breach I'm trying to
get you into the will the vampires
that's not working
Transylvania has always been a little
Russian right I know I'm going Russian
but I think that's that's just a
Transylvania thing you have been
embraced by the Gangrel clan Cystic
kangaroo sometimes called nomads loners
are introverts the Gangrel spear in the
trappings of civilization and prefer to
roam the wild this game was gonna be
like playing somebody sexual fetish
fetish that they throw out there and try
to pretend like it's not actually a
fetish news like it's perfectly normal
that I like vampires and let me bite
your neck nothing sexual about that oh
god my neck stand up my name is Tate I
don't know if I can keep up the vampire
I don't know how much I can keep with a
vampire voice without rich punching me
in the face you keep doing it if it's
entertaining people seem to like the
vampire voice hmm okay let's see here
chef Abel says hmm I own the 5vr with
room-scale movement itself is world
changing though difficult to explain
need to try it to understand similar to
psychedelics in terms of eye-opening
experiences were okay with these people
are saying they like the vampire I think
they just want me to hurt my voice
though it'll be fine
great let's read more tips gobbledygook
says seriously the DC Universe Online I
hope you make it how to bring the axe
mothership and choose metropolis not
Gotham and go
to the beach and punch gorilla grodd's
apes in their damn dirty faces blue
I sound like Count Chocula yes I'm doing
a cartoon vampire because that's what I
think about vampires but on the myth
says Jesus shut up and play a man hmm oh
you know I'm gonna take a little break
from the vampire voice I'll save it for
the game not the tips how about them
okay Ben anonymous has been sitting in
front of premiere for the last three
weeks non-stop editing super fun but I'm
seeing timelines in my sleep ears at tip
so you can make more content content
dooming you to the same fate absolutely
we've all been there got so far this
feels like somebody's just dragging me
to like their S&M; Club and they're
making you like pick out your own
leather like no it'll be fun pick out
your leather and you're like I don't
know so closest their animalistic side I
don't even want to wear leather no but
Richie you haven't pick it out you get
to pick out oh yeah
rich you get to pick out your own ball
gag I don't want to wear a ball game but
you get to pick it out seven of Borgnine
says what is the over-under on the time
it will take rich to rant about the Jedi
and Jack to be listless and bored while
playing Knights of the Old Republic
under five minutes
instant I remember his reason I don't
want to play the game and I remember in
my playthrough like I got bored real
real fast so it's gonna be under five
minutes you want me to say ooh
Unni uh uh - oh I get it one not Unni
one that's as high as I can count
do I not have points to spend here I
guess I don't have points to spend
starting off I think this is just okay
that's fine that's fine he's just
showing you what you can do whoo-hoo
ting tang walla walla bing bang deep is
fine
great great hey Jack this is anonymous
last few streams ago how to put video
files onto VHS I figured it out with the
Raspberry Pi and Cody software matter of
fact I'm recording this stream onto tape
as I typed this who are we supposed to
be naming this character after oh fuck
let me find out yes yonder yonder yonder
yonder asked to be named because yonder
yonder says that they are the ones who
spurned us to play this who started the
gag that we need to play vampire the
masquerade hmm well hey you know what
anonymous I'm really glad you figured it
out there are you know there are some
ways to get it to VHS and I'm glad you
figured it out I'm glad that this stream
will be on VHS oh shit
this is this acting all fucked up for
you that's fine
Zaphod I'm sure that means something
write that down
that us probably look I like I like the
dreadlocks have a mind of their own
okay that's not us okay that's totally
not us there's gotta be yes
Oh God have a purpose
it's glitching out on the stream but it
is not glitching out for us to look at
that like the background every once in a
while I like it like to see that yeah
it's fine
so it is not glitching out for us on the
television it is only glitching out for
you people on stream which is weird
which is very very strange
so I'm sure whoever wrote this script
was really really proud of it
rich look at all these cool vampires
they're so cool they're so cool there's
no audio can you get over there and just
turn up their audio a little bit the
game
we can't I can't I'm sorry I skipped
this I hear do I hear you guys that
there's no game audio like I just said
this is bullshit I agree
what why do we were always paired yeah
there are subtitles they're incredibly
small and way on the top left so
basically we were spared for some reason
by the prince they they need someone to
pass out bulk acts at the clubs how long
in order to say that we've played it
like I said we are gonna play until we
are absolutely done with it forever and
ever amen which like already I hate it
but I can I can
I've grown a pretty tough skin when it
came to bed when it comes to bad stuff
so we're gonna give it a try we're gonna
play a little bit of it and then we
never ever have to play it again nope
also my windows 10 computer is
restarting so good job Windows 10 Thank
You Windows 10 for restarting whenever
you goddamn feel like it
okay
whenever you get control of your mouse
we need to turn up the game audio a
little bit there we go not that much not
that much are you sure I don't know here
fine fuck it no it ain't great alright
okay use your mouse to look around use
WASD keys by default Smoove use the
toggle auto move and target Ottawa blah
blah great great
let's do it let's vampire masquerade oh
shit we're a vampire sounds a lot like
champ demise yeah yeah he's gonna tell
us how to bend things I don't know if
you guys can hear this but that sounds a
lot like John DiMaggio we can hear the
audio now but I'm not sure if we want to
John DiMaggio is benders voice actor yes
or Marcus Fenix yes or it could be
Marcus Fenix
or Jake the dog yes orgy it could be any
of those I guess I only have one option
what do you mean where he's he gone he's
still working john dimaggio what do i do
I do not want to suck somebody's blood
that sounds like a horrible thing to do
I don't see that option nope
alright I'm going with one I'd like to
read tips right now but Windows 10
decided nothing you know really I think
I think sucking somebody's blood is a
horrendous thing to do rich your vampire
can you just put me out of my misery
where's that option I know the prince
has spared me but I actually wanted him
to kill me yeah because I don't want to
live like this that's the only is that
the only moral option in that position
no the only more actually the only moral
options to try and take some of them
with you
I mean you know if we're talking
biological then no then it's it's the
strongest survives and now now humans
are food right
humans are food rich
don't work that way
you rich the game assumes because you're
playing a vampire game that you want
that's super into this idea that you
want to be a vampire this is this is
your chance to be that vampire you
always wanted to be
okay go ahead and go suck some blood not
that guys look can we change our outfit
cuz man this sucks oh here we go
it fills your blood pool to feed
approach your victim and press feed the
F key when you are close it is important
that humans do not see you feed on other
humans all right okay oh here we go
computer finally restarted so I can go
back to reading tips now Thank You
Windows 10 for deciding that uh that you
needed to update some stuff where's the
insert sure
I'll tell tis fine hey
don't dream completely dry don't dream
completely dry
Oh God rich don't do it don't do it it's
okay
great you did it congratulations
congratulations
now what well hey you know great there's
no John DiMaggio some more you'll have
some wise words to tell ya all right
here we go it's definitely it's choppier
I don't know why but it's choppier for
you guys on stream than it is for us and
we're doing a straight-up monitor
capture like not a game capture and I
can only assume that that's the problem
but okay is there no way to turn up the
audio we have to turn it up more
it looks pretty loud already I don't
want it to be louder than us but and now
you can actually see the subtitles
button I don't know this game is $20 on
Steam stay MC Lucas says please don't
actually play Knights of the Old
Republic it's just not worth it I'm
sorry for taking us down that dark road
it's too late MC Lucas people want it
people ask all the times not just you
hey rich ya ever hear of Douma knows no
yet treated as each I added Dawn of War
2 to the list Grand Moff coolly says
payday shut up and take my money
what is that that's some of the words
sound effects I've ever heard
crop says if you guys are up for getting
J into stream until dawn for Halloween
I'll donate I'll donate it LOL chokeman
dingo we'll see J shows up when he
goddamn feels like it
mokey EB is what I don't know where I'm
going into the club you gained a healing
rate you just click on the door is there
a youth thing you doesn't at the bottom
of your screen is the youth icon this
icon appears when you're able to use an
object in front of you press the use key
okay great great context-sensitive
what great as other people said don't
play kotor it's not a good streaming
game especially if you haven't played it
before jyggalag that's the whole purpose
so people will shut up
yes so people will stop asking us to
play it that's the whole purpose of
these streams mokey b85 says hey
wreckers just like being turned into a
vampire play this game playing this game
is meant to be played against your will
a truly immersive experience my name is
Tate says how much of a tip would it
take to get rich to get in on a vampire
voice and pretend he's enjoying this no
future a famous person says someone
should really make a mod for this game
where all the characters have and
over-the-top Transylvanian accent
when that'd be great no time for a
political rundown job one get out of
here alive Sabbath might be mindless but
they eat like a Mack truck it would no
that would make the game intolerable I'm
sure if it's up back away I was there
Jen I already said that I saw that pop
up I keep for you
oh yeah you have to got volumes up now
he's a badass
dark to some degree you know some degree
yep
bastards kec banner lives his richest
master smashed their face in with the
blunt end of a blood rifle man telegin
wants to know if this game is a failed
joss whedon project I think I think Jos
had you know actual characters doing
shit I've never seen Buffy the Vampire
Slayer
I've seen the movie I love the movie
I've never seen a TV show I'm told I
should watch it lost in Technicolor says
Jackie I do vampires like to drink zip
blah the virgins I think I've heard this
joke why do vampires like to drink the
blood of virgins why
well you wouldn't want to eat a steak if
someone fucked it I think that's the
joke something like that somebody
probably has fucked the steak you've
eaten though like the steak not the cow
I could find if they fuck the cow I
don't fuck the stage yeah the analogy is
perfect I don't get it
you're reading a virgin at a virgin
steak it's not like somebody's fucking a
steak of a virgin virgin has been fucked
you eat the virgin the cow has been
fucked you eat the cow hmm
has it been fucked unless they consider
virgin cows to be more tender I don't is
that a thing are there like separate
breeding I know I assume they're like
set from the cows you eat I think so
I find this conversation much more
interesting than the game so far okay
I'm gonna tell you this okay my cousin
is a cattle rancher hold on
you did it did you have to do anything
oh it automatically goes into third
master
now let's see here the blue blaze says
nice to see the first and last episode
of this new series what's your least
favorite genre hope you see or see a
rectum of jack's vampire voice for the
halloween stream a return of jack's
vampire voice for the halloween stream
speaking of which LOL fuck my cock blues
favorite game genre or survival horror
survival horror yeah I'll probably be
with you now I have not had fun with
survival horror games Edgar Allen a hope
says rich can you please make that half
concern to half horrified face during
all screams no you made a face Oh half
concerned have qualified video confused
you were so baffled by something that I
said there's a face that you make okay
when you're so baffled by something I
say you can't yeah it's that one that
you can't quite comprehend it
and Casey Banner live says can you you
can disable the auto updating windows no
need to complain but can you alright
JRPG you find JRPG and whore
plus five nights at freddys that's a
great that's a horrible that's a great
example of a horrible game I'm looking
for where I can change my settings while
you you play this game
we're gonna choose how updates are
delivered
yeah I'll tell you what I think some
other time maybe I like to let
I'll figure out that it later jacket was
he ever heard of Domino's
you said Domino's turd smuggler you said
do oooo Emma knows Domino's I don't ya
I'm so I'm sorry if I missed up here I
missed everything and the kind of JRPGs
rich usually has are the turn are the
classic based one yes technically
speaking you can call blood-borne a JRPG
no it's not but that's not the exact
general rich is talking about there are
RPG elements to blood-borne what is that
oh my god oh my god look at that
Cambridge Health UK says hi jack and
rich Evans while mainly a PC gamer I
have both the ps4 and Xbox one but I
really don't play them if I had to pick
one I'd pick the Xbox one for the
exclusives which do you prefer
what exclusives are there on Xbox ones
that aren't on the PC I
I completely regret what are we choosing
between you an Xbox 100 ps4 ps4 ps4 of
course ps4 cuz then you get to play
blood-borne I cannot think of an Xbox
exclusive that you can't also get on
Windows gamer child Duchaine ps4 you get
blood-borne done boom done boom Dennis
you get sunset overdrive and halo 5 yeah
yeah yeah ps4 you get a you get a
fucking shooter that you need a
first-person shooter the Andy is a
fucking game pad for just crap mmm and I
don't know sunset overdrive yeah doesn't
look like the worst thing her what it
was I don't even know I don't know if it
was good or bad it came out and that was
it yeah it came out you could say that
you came out but blood more blood borne
which is the only current reason to get
a ps4 yeah the only I'm trying I'm
literally just trying to think of any
other exclusive
yes what last Guardian is gonna come out
on ps4 that's alright that's one there
you go there you go that's gonna be ps4
exclusive
you're a while yeah
what are you doing I'm trying to hack
the safe
we're gonna be a while
desert they're saying one two three four
that's probably it no that wasn't it
oh yeah okay it's probably 69 69 that
would be it
try 69 69 nope I don't know I don't know
beyond infinite says about time I can't
prereq live goodness as always your
great rich the joke you made about
Saddam and killing the warden made me
lol which is no easy task Jack what's
your favorite Kayne film lol fuck McCook
Michael Caine I can't use like my
vampire strength to knock the fucking
door down it's an office door I'm gonna
jump through the fucking window cuz
you're a vampire I know rich I don't
know instead instead you got a hunt for
a thing how about them it would be super
badass and great too like losing
strength or whatever button
yeah I'm sorry
Evel knieval says it's like Jedi powers
it only works on dumb doors this is a
smart door you need to find the password
rich
I don't know if the passwords on the
computer yeah is it on that piece of
paper directly above the same is that
yellow piece of paper oh shit she's at
eat cheerio
chop chopper it's stupid chop chop
let's just put the passwords right next
to the computer there you go
entering menu great boom great you did
it you did it rich congratulations great
take it stupid of them show you do
things to tutorial look I just don't
give a shit about this game to begin
with do you not get that are you that
think that think did not realize that
I'm just completely disinterested from
the start
rich people really like this game this
is apparently some sort of classic there
was a tutorial message it you guys miss
somehow trapped in somebody's sexual
fantasy whose gothy shit oh you've been
wounded great great I use blood it's
fine this is apparently a classic it's
such a vaca such a classic everyone told
us we needed to play this game traitor
to z CH says ctrl + C it was written on
the bottom of the screen at the computer
control + C what does what apparently
that was what you needed a password
thank you I mean you got it already
take tak Abrash says reading any good
books right now I'm rereading the wise
man
fear and it's okay are you reading
anything right now no just keep reading
great I I recently downloaded a new book
it's all about improv comedy and it was
written by a guy who instructs improv
comedy at UCB theater and I was really
excited to start reading that like oh
yeah I'll read a book on comedy it'll
mean you know someone who does comedy
workshops that'll be great and then I go
into my little kindle area and
apparently at at some point Hugh Howey
the guy who wrote that wool book wrote
and released another book and apparently
I knew about it at some point because i
pre-ordered it and it's just on the
kindle waiting for me but I forgot it
came out this guy who wrote one of my
favorite books of recent in recent
memory
you just forgot it came out and it's
just on my Kindle now and it's like it's
like shit so Hugh Howey wrote a new book
and I'm excited to read that that's all
I got I am NOT going to join The
Groundlings or second city mostly
because neither of them on Milwaukee I
just like reading books on comedy and
stuffing UCB has a fantastic reputation
in comedy The Upright Citizens Brigade
theater is where you is where a lot of
talents has come from
these need to eat around yeah yes I am a
bad fan
polite a vampire society yep Joerg Amani
that says congratulations on opening a
safe a winner is fuck my sock and bass 9
Wario says I don't know if you've
noticed it yet but this game is really
bad it looks very bad I know it's an
older I know it's an older game so like
I'm trying not to judge it on its looks
on its graphics but it looks very
supposed to double doors and not be seen
what double doors oh I'm sure like I'm
sure when I get around to playing thief
it will look just as bad I and I
understand that I I have no good right
oh yeah just gonna look terrible right
now thief thief us a saving grace okay
beautiful use of darks shadow no I'm
kidding
so no no like I'm laughing just cuz I'm
thinking of all the time we talk about
how filmmakers hide bad monster design
you put in the shadows that's kind of
what thief does okay
like and I understand that that's why I
said I understand this is an older game
but it just you know it just looks bad
don't Anonymous is watching you guys
play this is like watching a friend fall
into alcoholism or have a gambling
problem
please just stop playing it open up FTL
drink some birthday cake soda please we
care we're gonna or we're playing it
weird we're doing it
I would like at least for us to get into
the main game you've been detected by
your enemy I was behind the things
there's behind things holy city stay in
the shadows
oh wait OS do you see that bar is it
going out I don't know what that means
see how their green numbers like the
rising and lowering four forty nine
forty five fifty fifty-one
I think it's light over there so stay
out of the light so you okay 100 whoa I
think that's your light meter I don't
know look to your left
that's not the way that's not the way to
go all right all right I think Oh see I
think you need to follow the shadow path
behind this
though I'm gonna punch him in the face
nope I want to punch him in the face no
I can't I'd punch him in the face cuz
you're vampire you gotta be sneaky
Sydney the lawyer says hey guys thanks
for being a part of my newfound love of
video games if you could only play one
game forever but it has to be a game
you've reviewed on prereq which would
you choose what all the review wouldn't
review FTL right we did not review FTL
we've mentioned FTL in several reviews
but we're not doing doom forever any
game forever is gonna be terrible yeah
yeah I bet we got do we got blood-borne
I'll take do-over blood-borne really I
take blood one over again if I had to
play a game for ever and ever I choose I
need out of those try choose blood-borne
there were a couple other ones like if
you think about what did we talk about
when we talked about like the the like
six games we're playing right now I
might have talked about binding of issac
and if that's the case then definitely
binding of issac what am I supposed to
do cuz I'd walk over here and I get
spotted yeah I think you're supposed to
go that way I go behind that car and
then what yeah yeah then what can you go
alright can you go on the other side of
the car move nope no no nope
what do you a gun
what does it wasn't one for me
I like 26 years
okay no I was actually supposed to wait
for him to get paid by the thing I guess
he's supposed to are you supposed to
kill him I just walked past them I guess
I'm just supposed to walk past thank you
you stay there this time
giant doubled or were those the double
doors yeah I figured I could take him
out though
oh I don't believe it was just about
every stealth game ever made you can
take him out I don't believe he's
supposed to take him off I go go or are
you supposed to like wait till he goes
that way then go to the left of them I
get in the shadowy area and get behind
him
I'll get too distracted nope that wasn't
it
that wasn't it rich
I think if I had to play a game forever
it would be the binding of issac by the
way just thinking about all the games
we've reviewed and I definitely reviewed
it in that in that one blood-borne would
be a great secondary option but I think
like after you go through New Game+ New
Game+ most of us have to go through all
of that and just encounter the same
things over and over again I think that
would drive me crazy
whereas with binding of issac everyone
will be different you you you have to go
through a million iterations yeah to get
different powers and so that's what
would keep you slightly sane look you
wouldn't want to be stuck with one game
forever well of course it wouldn't want
to of course man that's why I'm trying
to I'm just trying to like be a little I
enjoy the shooting shoot of doom but
you're right now blood-borne not a bad
choice not a bad choice okay let's see
here anonymous visually this game isn't
that great but it's one of the first to
use the sauce engine so that's kind of
cool
I only assume that you mean Source
engine sure ever
whatevs great
and Tucker brash says goddamnit rich
please start playing checkers again you
can do drugs and play no man's guy no I
will I would hate no man's sky no man's
sky would depress me further if I had no
man's sky to play forever on a deserted
island just just the same thing over and
over and over again
they should have had vampires too no
man's guy oh my god oh you can start
punching now oh now I can punch him now
can I do that the first fucking place
tutorial whoa apparently when vampires
get punched enough they disintegrate
it's fine it's fine is it Jack trigger
Joyce know I've never done ecstasy that
that one scared me a little too much in
general I am NOT a touchy-feely kind of
person oh wait there's some on the
ground back there there you go tire iron
boom and so I didn't want those
sensations amplified for me is there a
damn inventory screen
oh those are those are some kind of
power sure sure
that's switching your powers how do I
use the fucking throw barge shark spear
I saw that look into a game called
alienation it's a super rad top-down
shooter twin-stick I do like twin stick
shooters oh I bet I would like alien
nation I will look into it
oh oh that did it what did you do that
just put away my weapon No put the fist
down great great singer HM this is to
help with the monotony of this game here
will be some conversation topics for the
rest of the evening are there any games
that you used to like but now dislike
that you are older I don't think the
first Jedi Knight aged very well yeah
yeah okay I used to very much be into
side-scrolling brawler
you know like arcade brawlers of course
that was that dominated the arcade and
Super Nintendo era and you know I think
a lot of them that I used to play
probably don't play as well but I still
think there's some good ones you know
we've never played in ice cream I wanted
to see if we can get a copy is beautiful
Joe I remember walking the fuck out of
people job
as far as side-scrolling over there
concern
Oh am I supposed to go through the doors
hammer I don't know I don't know I
played a little Metal Slug I didn't play
a ton of metal slug but Metal Slug is
fun yeah yeah but you know like
beautiful animation the classics like
contra I loved contra back in the day
I'm sure that would be a grave grave
disappointment to me by modern day game
beautiful Jo is pure genius fruit by the
magician I agree
what great what great there am I
supposed to take Mr Man What did he say
you're going to a great
I gotta go of course it looked great
does that occur well that's locked so
maybe there's a great in there you can't
pick it oh there's a door
well let's say here Chris Christ
Cullens says here's a couple bucks for
all you and the rlm guys - also could
you as loudly as possible tell my wife
Kim to feel better feel better cama
for fuck's sake what are you doing get
off your ass and feel better
Kim Kim Kim sky won't shut up about
asking us to ask you to feel better feel
better Kim can we're talking about you
ken we're not gonna shut up do you start
feeling better
Kim get on it get up you're a scammer oh
rich fit there's a door right next to
him there thing I don't remember
anything coming up when I went near that
door and he said go to the great I'm
just telling you what baby for fuck's
sake
god damn it Kim get up
lost in technicolor says let's say you
two were stranded on an island that was
abandoned you find a building with power
and whoever was there before just had
one game in one system what would be
your nightmare scenario for which we
were on a desert island yeah but there's
there's a building of power yeah and and
that the person who's there before us
had one game
what's our nightmare scenario oh it's
not the 360 because of whatever it is
it's gonna crash constantly and it's
gonna red ring
well no but like assuming like we have I
think the I think the point of that is
we have one thing to like occupy our
minds when we're not scavenging for food
and it's vampire the bloodlines
yeah yeah birds no man's sky what's
what's alright what's the nightmare you
know what mist oh nice myst maybe
Battletoads number Battletoads of
frustratingly heard that was that might
give you a goal yeah I have to be the
best at Battletoads I'm gonna be the one
guy to do it I'm gonna be the one gotta
beat Battletoads and I have all this
time to do it yep yeah maybe missed
maybe quantum break yeah that's a good
one order 1886 clock to break you
couldn't do this but there's no internet
connection right in a dream scenario
it's any game with an internet
connection so you can try to call for
help yeah yeah but no nightmare scenario
yeah would be like missed just bored the
witness oh that would be it it would be
the witness Battletoads drove me insane
when I was younger you get to that you
get to that power bike part right no one
can beat that power
part at least superman 64 like would
give you something to do the Battletoads
has a clear a clear point where your we
just can't move on you lost your
humanity rich but you're already a
vampire alright what ever he just walked
right by him unless there's like a
command to have him not do that there
wasn't much I can do about it
maybe I was just showing you that you
can lose humanity any love for the Sly
Cooper series and it was a fairly
generic platformer and an era where I
was sick to death of generic cartoony
platformers in the vein of Mario and all
right that's fair you know what the more
you guys the more you guys say it and
the more I think about it but my
nightmare scenario would be the witness
the same types of puzzles yeah that's
the only thing you have to fill your
brain is those awful awful puzzles blood
heal blood baths
blood here
that someone came out recently I saw
like an iPhone game that looked as if it
was just the puzzles from the witness by
the way yeah and and I saw that I said
oh that's funny that's kind of what we
were saying is just an iPhone game I
think it's doing well because it's just
the puzzles from the witness without any
of the boring 3d world shit so like
obligated to level up low or something
for the want pick that what is something
but you can't pick the lock I can't pick
a lot great you have to pick a lot
lock-picking lock-picking still below
and like difficulty 3 whoa Sok sorceress
so Oh what
so what did you have to do rich needs to
use blood buff to lockpick blood buffs
what bag yeah okay oh great you did it
you did it
what what you got here is a standard
blood lock Oh blood lock lock sorry
Jen's as rich is there any Pokemon
creature you think kind of looks neat or
cute who they or do they all look black
the only one I know off the top of my
head is Pikachu and deserves our word
yep I don't even remember what the
rat-a-tat-tat looks like he looks like
he kind of looks like a rat I've been
playing Pokemon why
because I got Pokemon white and it's
it's interesting they have some very
they have some very they've gotten a
little lazy with some of their Pokemon
designs like one is just called duck lit
and it's a it's a duck that's true it's
just a duck yeah like there's nothing
like red like ratatata without uh you
know res that is just a rat yeah duck
lit it's just a blue duck kind of thing
like fun about it they have some
interesting ones they have one that's
like a tiny little dust mite holding on
to a flower petal it's pretty adorable
hey your your speaking it's great you're
talking to me a great jack okay okay
good I got a I don't know I gotta be a
vampire
okay yes I haven't been super getting
into Pokemon why they have some very
strange things about it you it are you
supposed to be sneaky
they have this whole thing where like
friends are with you all the time and
I'll explain stuff to you and I don't
much care for it you need to use
protein-rich
you defeated the enemies sure but you
didn't defeat the enemy Claire I'm sure
he needs protein are you saying he needs
to find an interesting way to get some
protein
he needs a protein shake
what is this do it gave you a width
across one all right another how that
helps you be you did did something I
guess did it sir did something yeah yay
now you need to use animalism the mystic
vampire power that controls nature
animal there is a guard up ahead to use
animalism to incapacitate him and pass
by you have level 1 animalism known as
night wisp ravens scroll the mouse wheel
to select night wisp ravens place your
cursor over the guard and use the power
key default right-click to activate the
discipline the guard will be distracted
by a flock of mystical Ravens you can
then walk past him into the next room
night wisp Ravens
you have been detected by your enemy you
have to use night wisp Ravens will have
to see him to use it right I don't think
so
maybe oh you just don't care oh he's
distracted but he says get these fucking
birds out of here
all these birds doing in here that damn
it I hate when birds come into my
basement get out of my basement Birds
use a Transylvania voice for the
tutorial I much prefer like my this is
like an accountant voice yeah and I
think talking about like dark fantasy in
in a boring accountants voice is funnier
look is a game this might not even be
terrible just thematically I'm not I'm
not into the whole vampire thing
mm-hmm just totally not into it you can
throw an object to distract the enemy
it's sort of a Fargo voice but like I
said it's more just like boring boring
accountant man
when those reign of the why was I
detected by the innovator when he was
looking the other way with the destroy
ah
it's a fat load of crap
oh I'm sorry if you're a boring
accountant girl accountants are great
and the world needs accountants so
people can figure out how to do their
goddamn taxes
so I appreciate accountants but you know
usually accountants are known as boring
so I'm sorry I'm sorry to stereotype all
accountants
that's my bad and you know that's that's
just some judgment that I need to work
on turbo tax baby and I don't I don't I
don't trust myself to run turbo tax Sean
underscore says if you were on the
island of dr. Moreau and there were and
were transformed into an animal hybrid
would you rather play this game or the
other the other vampire the masquerade
based game which is really bad
what is it with our fans what why they
like pokken what's wrong okay broken the
rich bear what's wrong with them I could
only imagine so many well well this is
what you said this was 2004 was that I'm
trying to think when when a Futurama
started earlier than that yeah I mean 99
I think create 2000 or 99 could be you
know what sometimes you just got you got
to eat you got to get a paycheck the
years reflected our years just a
thousand years ahead
oh okay and the first episode of
Futurama the pilot that's New Year's Eve
hmm okay so I'm going to say came out in
2000 okay so this was 2004 that could
have been when a fee that could have
been the first time feature I'm always
cancer cancelled so Joe yeah actually
that very well could have been so John
DiMaggio was saying I could just use
work you know even if you show's popular
you can still take other chapstick well
this is a day I won't write for this
absolutely absolutely
oh I have a gun
all right Afton
that you suck
like I said just shoot them all that's
right Maggio is a pro he does what he
needs to earn a living absolutely and
you know what can't shoot what shit at
you know a voice actor like any other
actor like any other creative
professional that that is a that is
someone who is freelance and you never
know when your next job is coming so you
take them all you take all the job while
your arms are a skill rich I understand
I understand but you have to level them
up for it
your vampire do you understand what I
love to say why did you load a save uh
cuz I used all my bullets trying to
shoot those and I don't want to use on
the horse oh my god this is so late yeah
Oh rich why would you do such a thing
without saving first it said autosave
which I assume means saves automatically
oh I didn't know they meant once every
year
I guess I guess we're done we're done
we're done uh
Anonymous's what are your opinions on
the movie and TV series Buffy the
Vampire Slayer laugh out loud
and have sex with my penis I never
watched the Buffy I like I saw the movie
and thought it was good can't be fun
uh-huh
and then I never watched the series yeah
let's say the same yeah and I've been
told by many many people that I would
like the series and I do like Joss
Whedon in general so I probably would
like the series but I also really don't
give a fuck about vampires but I
I'm sure Buffy takes a comedic thing to
it I don't know a Farren's says thanks
for the signed blu-ray of space cop I
can't wait to watch it when I get home
also thanks for let's playing one of my
favorite games I'll play it again once
it makes it not crash on my PC okay I
may be this okay okay
Siri Genesis any movies that are
technically considered mediocre ever
make you tear up before mine was hochy
it's about a dog that kept waiting for
his owner every day after the owner died
I cried like a bitch famous episode of
the dog that's true
you know what a bit of Trivium
originally it wasn't supposed to be a
dog and then episode of Futurama there's
supposed to be Fry's mother oh that they
found like petrified that would have
been worse it wouldn't have been sad to
people as the dog I bet you you don't
think I'll bet you a hundred bucks oh
you know what I'm a sucker for that kind
of stuff it's I know it's not
technically impressive but mr. Holland's
Opus gets me every time
yeah that's just that's just a bait just
you know a music teacher has a kid who
goes deaf or has a kid who's born deaf
that's just funny it's about it's about
this guy who wants to be a musician but
then like just takes a job as a music
teacher to pay the bills why he's
writing a song while you know writing
his masterpiece he never quite gets
around to it and then at the end of the
movie all of his students throughout the
generations play the song he's been
working on for 50 years right in the
heart mr. Holland's Opus Thomas says if
you ended up on the island from lost and
had to pass time while in a hatch would
you rather play a version of this game
with lightsabers or watch a version of
Super Mario movie with lightsabers with
lightsabers yeah that'd be great cuz why
not
I'd be great so do you feel like you
have a better understanding of vampire
the masquerade did I cry like a bitch
though for mr. Collins opens opus
abso-fucking-lutely abso-fuckin'-lutely
and beefcake I have your tois chernow
running the windows 7 drive and it's
running great so I just wanted to let
you know that twat sure is back up and
running on the streaming computer
Tiberius Kirk 13 months in a row
Tiberius Kirk says yay and in a couple
of weeks it'll be a year since we
started the holodeck 226 Trek episodes
already that's amazing that's a lot they
gotta be running out of Trek episodes
right what are you gonna do when you run
out of truck
like what's the plan what's the
long-term plan man
right right Tabari HK 20 fucking months
in a row tomorrow eh cases 20 months and
another day closer to death
Shaun underscore for 12 months in a row
welcome to the one-year Club and Shawn
says quality streams like this are why I
subscribe krob16 months in a row krob
says sweet 16 you know it
mm-hmm only child unpowered raindrop 24
fucking months in a row on Pavel
raindrip says keep on truckin ragged
scribe for 14 months in a row jolly
nihilist jolly analysis the look on
Rich's faces everything a + + + +
confused it annoyed looking what I
really be great is when you cut this up
for YouTube later is that first hour is
just downloading the package that'll
make for a great cut people who watch
this and a Google Display it's an hour
of you downloading a pad and I kind of
fucking love that I'm really excited
about that part we do for some more we
are doing some one where were we more at
you Moz Maria ma says molto bene new
Magnus PU 20 fucking months in a row
Magnus P uses about fucking tonight he
know how about heliosphere 1969 Jesus
Christ shut up and take my money take a
brash welcome Krakow Kane for 12 months
in a row guitar guitar so 19 months in a
row guitar so says rich why did you
shave
beard you look better with the beard
right why did you shave I'm just
thinking maybe a little bit scraggly
here in here then I shaved and I kind of
regretted it yeah yeah but then you had
to keep shaving first for something for
something because it was easier I needed
to keep shaving so I could wear a beard
that's probably irony yeah yeah yeah you
need to keep shaving so you could put on
a fake beard because it is much easier
to could put a fake beard yeah skin
actually I think that probably Mike like
me real beard but I've been peeking
through like I wouldn't blind up with
the fake so I guess it depends on the
fake so but now that's over yeah I
should probably let it go now it's
probably grow back but I shaved today
because we filmed some episodes sure and
I didn't want like you know three days
stubble
oh sure so here let's see here
Casey Banner live welcome casual horse
casual horse casual horses dear god the
humanity savvy bones welcome professor
physics 22 fucking months in a row
professor physics says fuck the pain
away
Cameron Mitchell's ghost give us moon 13
months in a row and base 9 Wario welcome
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
thank you we're not gonna do funny in
here got to be predictable while angling
you know Jahnavi is setup to be to say
something that you can cut off right
what do you want blah blah suck my blood
there you go cut off on that well I'd
like you just said goodbye like a real
ending and I know like the fake ending
is our usual shtick so this is the C :
know what you do it's gonna be a letdown
