Episode 215
Stealing my Heart (Thief Gold part 2)
October 28, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Flh8pCsoxt4
___________________________________________

let's see here old hand sauces hey t-rex
just want to say thanks for the youtube
uploads I Drive three and a half hours a
day you and you guys are great
background noise was wondering do you
guys still stay in touch with Genghis
Khan you know every once in a while like
we'll see him hanging around but you
know not too often anymore Karen this is
casual horse was asking about why solar
systems and galaxies form into flat
disks last time she was on I recommend
this minutephysics video do you watch
minute physics on YouTube
yeah like simple animated edutainment
there is owing to this I can send it to
you I will send it to you you know you
know my email yeah yeah thank you I am
interested to know why they yeah I was
supposed to like balls balls yeah cuz
you know cuz he no balls guy like I like
all those nice like Sesame Street for
grown-ups
yeah I was making that the other day I
came across a video someone sent me a
link to a video doing nothing but
describing why this is something that
literally will only interest me and Jay
Bowman it was a video telling you why
the United States television standard
was 29.97 frames per second that
interests me
yeah that's interesting or why Europe
had like pal exactly palace which is
das bier NTSC and so it was a video
explaining why the United States TV
standard was 29.97 frames per second and
it was one of the greatest pieces of
entertainment I have watched recently
there are reasons there are all kinds of
reasons the reasons why screw threads go
this way and yeah it is fascinating it
is how things got to be the way they are
mm-hmm so someone find that one it's not
a no it's not from computer file it was
a I tweeted it yeah Europe is 25 frames
per second a lot of times but not always
because Europe post-world war two they
were kind of behind in their development
or whatnot a lot of times Europe
European country turned around and said
well we're gonna set this up now later
than the Americans and we're gonna do a
little bit better it's like they learned
from our mistakes and a lot of stuff and
basically that's what it was is is the
the super simplified explanation is it
was 30 frames a second in the black and
white days and then they needed to add
color information while using the same
amount of bandwidth and they couldn't
figure out how to do that so they just
lopped off point zero three frames and
they fit the color information in there
that's cool yeah stand up maths that's
it thank you Oh bother that link that Oh
bother just links to I'm clicking on it
right now I'm pretty sure that's it
stand up man there's an interesting
video about the difference between our
electrical plugs and the ones in England
and all of the nifty safety features and
stuff that they put in though largely
because they came to it later they were
able to improve on a lot of things and I
was it's the same thing with frames per
second where the United Kingdom or
Europe had TVs spread after our TV was
it was already established so they
learned from our mistakes
yeah gave each station a wider bandwidth
from the get-go and so they had a nice
even
t5 frames per second instead of 29.97 is
that why I like did a different Nintendo
for British TV right right well and no
there's there's a whole bunch that that
video that Oh bother link - is it watch
it
it's phenomenal because like it all he
also goes through something that I've
talked about before which is what
interlaced TV is because the old way
that the television is used to broadcast
was actually at fifty nine point nine
six frames a second but only half of the
screen at a time
interlace yeah right
interlaced television and so it's it's a
wonderful video and I watch that and I
just said to myself we are living in a
goddamn golden age of entertainment
where I can watch a 12-minute video on
why the frame rate is 29.97 frames per
second and that is interesting to me you
know you're able to look stuff up and
know the answer right away yeah like I
remember when we were in science class
and they were talking about the X and
the y chromosomes how they work and I
said well what about what cinetic sex of
earthworms how does it work with them
and the teachers like I don't know you
know and it was yours but I don't know I
don't want you said you didn't know oh
that's legitimate answer birds do it the
other way where where they have a W and
a Z and the one that's got not true for
the same is the male
you know pecs are like wz the males are
wwo okay
and in earthworms you know they've got
whatever they've got they're all from
Aphrodite's but but anyway the point is
now with the internet you can look this
stuff up and know the answer immediately
you find a video telling you the answers
and just not knowing it's quite likely
all that the video will also be
entertaining to watch because these
someone will will present it in a way
that you want to watch and you want to
learn yeah
libraries are not useless now libraries
are still a wonderful resource
especially for people who don't have
internet access at home because you have
to remember there are still a lot of
people who don't have a little nut
access at home and libraries and
computers they have internet access they
have book resources they have stuff that
is really great for early readers early
education libraries are super important
a book is still often the best way to go
and a library gives you access and no
charge
yeah with interlibrary lending to you
know dozens or even hundreds of
different libraries for some books like
I recently read a book about eight I
called the most perfect thing and it's a
book about eggs how are they formed but
theories about why they different shape
why they have different color patterns
and it's fascinating you know just you
know books will adjust you know books
they'll take something like salt just a
little way to it or the tool afraid yes
and just go and do it at length you
don't tend to find that in the Internet
and if you research something deeply in
the internet you often tend to find a
more shallow amount of information
that's repeated quite a lot which if you
want to know a little larger not not
easy
Eggers yes AGG the thing that I always
need to buy at the grocery store eggs I
for some reason I I have a tendency I
think that's like somewhere maybe this
because some of my family Rex
it's from the south to say eggs and legs
whereas most people say eggs and legs
yes I'm talking about eggs eggs over the
the round things that come out of a
bird's Chloe right no and I mean lot
library would like that it sounds
disgusting
birds no you have to remember like what
the internet is you know the Internet is
access to information some of it not
good information but the live library is
just the same at no cost there are
people who can't afford computers there
are people who can't afford the internet
and they should have the same access to
information as everyone libraries are
something that is for the public good
everybody agrees we're just crazy you
know right I may disagree with but I'm
not gonna get into that I'll disagree
with that fuck that fuck that everyone
should have access to good information
yeah and that's what libraries are for
the the greater public good I don't
think it is just Chicago it's just I've
had people make fun out of the way I say
legs and anyway I just legs
are you walked on your legs you go to
the store and you buy some eggs
yeah yeah but that eats no oh let's see
here oh wow sorry shit few tips rich did
you hear they're making a sequel to the
new animated Batman return of the Caped
Crusader William Shatner will be plenty
rich heard that it's 3:00 in the morning
you fucks love you guys love riches
choice choices and Jack's banter hi
Karen have a bloody good stream love
from sleepy Oxford 3:00 3:00 in the
morning 3:00 in the morning that's what
they said oh they said if your name
anonymous says I stopped watching an
academy award-winning movie because I'd
rather tune into your stream I've said
it before and I'll say it again your
content is great at what you do think of
everything thank you the order of the
hammer Jack they worship carpentry and
they walk around with giant sledge
hammers instead of swords okay okay I
love them they're great but they don't
like me rich and I watched a documentary
the other day we've been watching narcos
because we watched Dekker and he called
documentary called the two Escobar's
remember in the 94 were I'm sorry what
laughs no I'm laughing cuz that one's so
Bad's I'm bringing this up remember the
94 World Cup word where the Colombian
guy got an own-goal
you know an own-goal
he acts one of the defenders
accidentally kicked the ball into his
goal okay if you're if you're quick
saving that's that's some cowardly shit
that's cowardly shit he was murdered
yeah he was murdered not long after oh
really
okay and Pablo Escobar's of course the
other Escobar right the coke boy yes I
guess the could be the drug cartels were
using the stock of all of these doctor
different parts of the country to
launder money of course
and so now we've been watching so now
we've been watching articles
I heard great things he's an pablo
escobar's such an interesting character
because he's he's both likable and
despicable yes so hopefully they'll
never catch a side of me when I break
him out of here Anonymous is hey Jack
not your futures watch the Eric Andre
show but I recommend it
they're holding yes lightning come the
air conductivity was a warhead the
quarries flooded it homeless it's real
kind of show onyx into a pond Adult Swim
it it almost looks like an old public
access talk show and Eric Andre's it was
confined there and has provide
alternative comedian it would like to
get in by way of them that is the best
way I can describe him because he
follows no rules I want to be
progressive and avant-garde but it is
this is this is like some flex in ski in
chat yeah I don't know how the hell you
can watch episode 2 of season 2 of ash
vs. Evil Dead and be done with it
whoa what is wrong with your brain that
was some good shit Don don't spoil I
haven't seen it yet haven't seen it seen
it yet don't swear no spoils no spoils
is at most balls but how could you be
Doug done with it as they Wells done
with it
oh my god
they have like the best episode they've
produced and his number that I'm
saddening to that well it is a little
bit repetitive you just don't like it
it's alright I don't hate you just
repetitive you've seen one episode seen
more than one you would tear it benjin
I'd you know like it wasn't I'm not
after the first season I wasn't as in
love with it as rich was I was like I
thought it was okay look yeah this is
fine I'm not in love with it I think it
has some problems I haven't seen any of
the new season which might address some
of those problems but well it wasn't my
favorite thing of last year ash versus
the Evil Dead and for everyone who's
saying that Eric Andre's shit I hate to
be that guy but it's quite possible that
you just don't get it I'm just gonna put
that out there I don't want to be that
guy who says you just don't get it it
also just might not be your particular
taste in comedy but it's brilliant I
love Eric Andre I love it
let's see here Dubi sandwich says it
seems that twitch is doing well for the
prereq team over the years did you ever
consider streaming via YouTube gaming
and confuse everybody for no good reason
there doesn't seem to be many benefits
to youtube streaming vs. twitch
streaming people know and people know
where to find us if could you do all
stream it somehow well at the same time
so that people can find you in both
places without messing with your
existing user bases honestly to connect
possibly and I note which right now is
going through beta testing of uploaded
videos much like YouTube where if we
wanted to upload a video to twitch but I
think people are so set in their ways
they know like you go to youtube and
it's not just for us it's for everyone
you go to YouTube you watch the
previously recorded you come here you
see something live
if things might change I'm always
looking for what's the best option for
you guys to watch and right now twitch
is the best option and now especially
with which Prime it's easy for you to do
so and yeah I wouldn't be against a same
you cast but it'd be a weird monitor to
chats that would be strange yes I
definitely can understand why people
would like the interactivity and I like
the interactivity here too absolutely
but what percentage do you have any idea
what percentage of your viewers are
watching it after the fact most people
watching it live or not at all or there
are a lot of people well know which day
jobs we get it we get a higher number
yes on the Ute on the cut up YouTube
videos you know well you know people
they're not why I watch it whatever yeah
yeah yeah and so we our YouTube videos
have a higher number than our live what
is our one of their live average six
yeah usually where it's six or seven
right now we're at six eighty seven so
like that's what we're usually at and
then our average YouTube stream is like
four or five thousand average like three
huh like three three four after you know
what after about a week it's huge okay
yeah I think you know it's done it's
tough because some streams are up there
some streams are down there it really
just depends well you guys start pretty
late which is great for some people and
then there are people who have really
early wake up times right no and as I've
said before if you are going to watch
the pre-recorded streams like if you're
gonna watch last Sunday stream I think
you should watch it on Twitch because
twitch actually archives all of the chat
yeah and so like all those links that
we're talking about that are in chat
right now that's on Twitch like if we
reference someone's chat you can see
that when I said you go through we lose
all of that with YouTube but you could
put some links into your you know
the video in you - of course but that's
work that's all extra work but uh you're
expanding your audience it might or you
know it could conceivably be worth it to
put some of it may be any anyone who
really cares about it will usually leave
a comment and usually commenting is a
stronger hope shit grow grow as a
stronger audience relation sure but you
know it's just one of those things where
if we're if we're really looking at
expanding our audience there's a couple
things that we would need to do which I
don't know if we necessarily can just
with our time which would be streaming
more often stream starting streaming
earlier and streaming the new hotness
all the time like whatever that whatever
it is the new game that people are
talking about we're streaming that we're
playing that and we have to go longer
earlier we don't always passionate about
exactly yeah I usually hate the new hot
right permanently at least the very
least have been different to the new hot
and some you know sometimes they can be
fun streams like Gears of War yeah
exactly sometimes to do hot happens to
coincide with what you're interested in
exactly it's a put it but also really
we're a lot more akin to just a gaming
talk-show we have something on the
background and we give her about stuff
Wilmore a podcast personality which is
fine and then you know our appeal is
different than the normal appeal of a
gaming stream exactly so we just we're
growing our audience naturally and it is
growing our YouTube views keep going up
our twitch views keep going up still in
Detroit
we like it to be honest before rich told
me that you guys you know that had to be
joined in that one time Skype and
whatnot and told me where to look I had
never heard of twitch oh yeah certainly
heard of you too my mic was over mic was
over at our apartment down there and he
goes look up YouTube and I and I said
the letter U when he goes no like why oh
you I hadn't literally never heard of
you two it did know how to spell it can
always mustard I don't know I don't know
if this spooky board games room is going
to happen I'm still trying to make it
happen we're gonna see well and yeah and
you know if like for example if like if
Mike and Jay ever wanted to put together
some sort of live thing they would do it
on YouTube because that's where their
audience is you know rich and I we're
doing the gaming thing twitches more
gaming centric yes certainly games that
like oh sure but if like if for example
Mike or Jay ever said like hey let's
let's let's us do a live stream about
movie talk they should do it on YouTube
because that's where their audience is
already make it happen jack the only
reason I say that it the only thing is
the only reason I say that is because I
came across an old school board switcher
for multiple cameras that's all HDMI so
you could plug in four cameras too like
an old school switcher and like pan and
or you know like wipe and have little
cool effects and it looks so neat and I
was like oh I would want to play around
with that but it would never work for
our show and sounds like hey let's talk
to Jay Mike and they could put together
a live show and I could be their
switcher oh and I'll cut a cut to the
camera camera P zoom in
ripping special effects your fatty herb
and diamond wipe star wipe
page turn wipe so you know yeah I kind
of like the digital full motion version
of playing around with PowerPoint slides
exactly so yeah I'll talk to Jay Mike
about that well we'll put together a
live really precious really silly just
lots of gratuitous special effects when
you can play with toys that's that's all
the first episode is gonna be cut and
wipe and wipe and wipe having bad luck
oh I had a good run in Baffert's so
that's good I feel good about that this
is like thief fur is that the game right
there no D for ps4 no that's a different
game entirely old computer game thing
yep looks better than I thought it would
it's the HD model the fans have been
keeping thief in good shape okay cuz I'm
looking at and I'm thinking I remember
you playing this game
years ago my and I wouldn't have you
blankets over the windows so it would be
dark enough and by giving this one more
chance I'm doesn't work as I thought you
know the textures on this sir they don't
look 15 years older the chamber well I
guess
Chernobyl kinsmen has a very important
question is would Black Panthers ring
reacts to super girls beautiful well and
could iron man's chest be cut through
Supergirl so that's no obviously have
you have you seen Captain America Civil
War hey hey chat before you get down on
me rich just gets to play thief so I'm
gonna talk about Bucky Pines
I went to Cuddy's place to deliver the
scepter but cuts okay are there he'd
been arrested you know who Bucky Barnes
is you never threw soldiers he was he
was the Robin to Captain America in the
old comics but okay so in the new movies
the Winter Soldier that he has a metal
arm x-carve done and his metal arm is
the colleagues flooded but the Hammers
still work it's like you know it's a
prosthetics metal on robot cat kidnapped
by the Nazis and later Russian well
you're spoiling a bunch of stuff I'm
trying not to spoil and then they turn
him into a super soldier bad guy yeah
mines break the surface of a no it's not
good he's all brainwashed and messed up
in there right he's got a big metal arm
but here's the important part he has a
big metal arm that's bulletproof we
don't know what the metal armors made of
hammers Doom and he has a fight scene
line with two chomp he was also known as
the Black Panther the challahs has this
ring and she goes to grant it looks like
he's grabbing the metal arm right into
the ring starts going like his hand
starts going like this thing you need to
know about the Black Panther is he is
from Wakanda and what Conda is the
country in which all the vibranium comes
from and the vibranium is what Captain
America's shield is made out of we don't
know what as I was made of but I assumed
it was but here's the thing about
Captain America shield and vibranium in
general is it is
in fact absorbent so it's bulletproof
its rocket proof it's Thor's Hamlet
proof anything that hits it doesn't
break it it's it's impenetrable it's
great
I assume that Bucky's arm was made out
of that because the child's ringing goes
like this it also conveniently deadens
the impact so what I was I was thinking
about what about the shock the recoil
well Captain America super-strong also
know that's the vibranium that's what
the vibranium does the vibranium right
this I'm gonna fly my Marvel nerd flag
here right adamantium is the
indestructible one yeah vibranium
absorbs energy by what mechanism I mean
the molecule is like ya know Jackson
that's mixed in with the the molecules
of the metal yeah absorb hyper
conductive energy streams from kinetic
impacts yeah I love it I love it so if
you wore a diaphragm of that what its
protect you from Superman sperm by the
way that solves that Superman doesn't
have to wear kryptonite condom and they
can still have relations that's it we
need we need the DC Marvel crossover
event where where they where Superman
needs to steal vibranium so we can
finally have sex
Superman is just so goddamn a whore mean
horny and Wonder Woman keep saying no
but Lois wants to but he can't or he'll
kill her they need to have a character
just a businessman who starts a
superhero condom company yeah vibrating
power we push a little button in little
bumps come bridges come out or get
retractor I have everything you need
yeah I am the knight yo that's great
okay game game tell UK says I agree
clerks is it I'm the knight is he saying
that I am the Nangal both both games
health UK says I agree clerks is an
important film and one I enjoy a lot
Mallrats
is a Kevin Smith that I really enjoyed
despite being panned by critics also one
of Ben Affleck's first films I like
Dogma to eat one of our dogs after Brody
enjoyed Mallrats
oh yeah I am alright this great Brody
was named after mall rats that's great
I like the name think about names for
the dog did you see mole rats we watch
that we watched clerks
did we watch it together yeah I don't
know if we did watch it together because
I had it on VHS I was watching it
downstate I think I borrowed it watched
and watched it my parents basement
Mallrats was wonderful you know like
seeing it as an older teenager like you
could just tell how much Kevin Smith
loved
cheesy old comedies like he poured his
heart and soul into Mallrats and it's so
obvious it's just so cliched but still
his sense of humor
it was a great leap from independent
filmmaker to I'll make a big-budget
voter comedy it'll be great it flopped
of course but it notoriously flopped but
it's charming
Oh tanked it tanked it later found an
audience but in the theater like it
basically ruined most of his Hollywood
cred you know he'd made this giant indie
film with clerks and everyone loved
clerks okay we'll give him a simple
boner comedy and it did terrible in the
theaters and so they said well chasing a
me which gave him which got him back his
indeed movie
because when he didn't Mallrats all the
indie movie nerds he's not one of us
anymore I guess he sold out so then he
does chasing a me which brings back his
indie cred and then he goes to Dogma
which kind of everybody is okay with I
think it's a little big movie it's a
little indie movie because it's
controversial right yeah I you know and
George Carlin it's the Pope so I'm the
earth like the Cardinal so I guess it's
all right exactly
i I like oh I like all those movies I
even like Jersey girl
I I can I'm a defender of Jersey girl I
really like clerks to clerks who I think
is super it clerks to is the best kind
of Kevin Smith filmmaking we're all he's
trying to do is make an allegory for how
he's feeling at the moment and like
that's all clerks do is is him just
wanting to go back to the source
material and like wanting to make good
films or personal films again like I
just want to make the moves over you
sure I'll take it it's a lifeline
Wisconsin Ian how did you feel about the
fact that the ABCD the angel kind of
hell allegory was a bit stuck in
Wisconsin not he'll hurt purgatory
purgatory which was escaped purgatory is
the Milwaukee Airport which you know I
think is it's got it one of the greatest
book stores actually Renaissance books
in the Milwaukee Airport is one of the
finest used bookstore that's you know
what that's that's just kind of lazy
writing Milwaukee is just the butt of
every joke where it's like named a city
that everyone seems to hate I don't know
Milwaukee I kind of like it I I have to
say it I'm like in Wisconsin
it's it's I I think it's a Milwaukee's a
fine City delimit but no and you know
what I haven't I haven't even seen was
this cop movie bad cop I had no one
remembers no one remembers I had like I
haven't seen that I haven't seen tusk I
haven't seen red states I fell off I
fell off the like in Kevin Smith's
movies bandwagon a while ago it's also
cold in Chicago called in Minnesota
called in Ohio Indiana : 'i work not as
much that the ocean if a hurricane comes
up this far all it does is flawed but
you'll soon this time seek to learn
about gold let's see here oh it looks
like evil kumquat has an answer about
dark evil kumquat has an answer by
shaving Superman shaving gold kryptonite
razor
it turns hair normal human hair so it
could does go in gold in the Superman
Universe gold kryptonite apparently
turns them human there's different color
kryptonite's that though that do
different things
red red kryptonite makes them very angry
and emotional no yes red is the weird
one
I've water all but the modern comics
have changed it but it had random
effects red we got turning it into back
in the day Mike red could turn him fat
red could turn him into a dog a vehicle
in in could turn him evil that is like
whatever like we feel like doing there's
red Krypt animal event I think a new one
at least in the Supergirl series she
came across some red kryptonite that's
Supergirl series it's not the classic
comic book red kryptonite I'm sorry I'm
sorry jack so red kryptonite was like
random yeah they're saying isn't that
the blue one rich there's a blue one too
what I read do in the classic comics
right oh maybe maybe I don't know
they're saying all sorts of different
stuff
red splits them into two red turns him
into a baby
Oh all these different random things
maybe I don't know okay but so the idea
then which makes sense is the gold
kryptonite which would turn the hair
into normal human hair so it could get
cut also do J and Mike hate animated
films yes I think our Allah has done
animators what do you want them to say
about an animated film it's done only
two on best of the worst yeah you know
they're filmmakers they have no animated
movie experience right they're not gonna
tell you anything useful a big part of
both half in the bag and best of the
worst is us talking about production
value and you lose all of that when you
talk about an animated movie you can
only talk about the art or how bad the
animation is which is a very limited
scope actually I was just I was I had a
little bit of a back-and-forth the
editor of Kubo and the two strings which
is a movie I really enjoyed I was
tweeting back and forth with him
fantastic it's it's very simple the
story is very simple and you will know
exactly what all the twists are but it's
gorgeous and imaginative everything an
animated feature should be but the
editor of kuba was begging me to shove
more animated movies in front of game
like is there just so much I can do yeah
you know using song of the sea' you know
talk about beautiful animations
it's the one where the kids mom is a
kelpy like a seal you know what I want
to say I have got a beautiful hauntingly
beautiful soundtrack and it's it's just
but it's not it's not clicking any bells
but yeah I watch a lot of them with the
kids and so I watch for the sea with the
kids okay
it's really pretty a lot of them go
through let's see so yeah we animated
animated is is just probably not gonna
happen
nope
shadow relief I've a question for you
hack frogs Batman and Superman team-up
versus space cop who wins the fight
Batman and Superman versus space cop who
wins the fight space cops laser is
capable of penetrating Superman's hide
okay so so space cop well yeah and the
fight is in space away from Earth's
Yellow Sun so space cops because Batman
wouldn't have any time to like strikes
who Batman no let's say Batman has a
spaceship let's good one like a space
shuttle you're you are going to you're
gonna shoot him well before he's able to
technology yeah from 40 years in the
future yeah 40 years exactly well that's
what I'm saying Batman has a spaceship
he's gonna come at you you're gonna
shoot him well before he can deploy any
countermeasures Superman travel faster
than Mike sometimes sometimes what
effect does this have on his aging or
time none
space cop Batman with Superman's powers
benevolent dictator or the ultimate
fascist chance me this today the mind of
Batman Batman with the power yes all of
Superman's powers ultimate fascist or
benevolent dictator ultimate fascist
ultimate fascist ultimate fascists no
them I was more interested in the first
Superman skills here's the question now
here's the question cuz she asked this
and I did think it was more interesting
does Clark Kent because he's not
Superman now right it doesn't need an
evident they just have the Kryptonian
powers with all of Batman's skills and
knowledge and abilities does he still
fight crime cuz he doesn't have the same
motivations that Batman has Superman
seems to fight because you know he has
those grand powers that's you know how
he responsibly uses them does he have
the money if he has Bruce Wayne's all
his smells no no he has his martial arts
detective abilities his athleticism but
no superhuman F and he has the money
yeah he would be the trained athlete
skills and super sleuthing skills is if
he had the money if he had all of Bruce
Wayne's money he would not fight crime
he would only be a philanthropist and
help as many people as yes because
assuming he's still working on a
reporter's salary but he has all of
these skills he would kind of fight
crime I don't I don't think so I don't
think he would I think he becomes the
ultimate reporter well there's got that
men's detective shit he might uncover
crimes that are going on but he's not
gonna go out of his way to fight that no
kind of fight okay he is not going to
like stop a bank robbery from happening
he's the one that's going to find where
the gang is hiding out and tell the
police he's going to expose all of
corruption exactly basically what I'm
saying is I would much rather read that
story than any Batman story I would read
this this sounds like a great great
story is just someone who really cares
and is a good detective Dick Tracy
Fletch it's Fletch everyone read Fletch
the flesh that was there great you know
you wear that cape and you're gonna give
away Alton yes gamma oh one he would be
the ultimate hardy boy yeah that's
exactly what he would be and that's all
I want
he would that would be great of course
if he had all those billions of dollars
he would just set up charity
organizations and you know actually do
something to solve all the crime in
Gotham instead of just punching people
in the face all right are you sorry I
didn't mind watching the ultimate Hardy
Boys yeah I mean I liked some of those
you know shows where people are
cartoonishly good a change of pace the
evil or evil dead Tim life
no don't watch the movie Fletch read the
Fletch books I don't think the movie is
very good the Fletch books are fantastic
detective books with a fun interesting
character all the Flex books are great
one I don't think if you scum I know a
lot of people like the pledge whatever
chase a lot of people like this and I
don't know where they're getting it from
because the book is fantastic and it
or dorans what shame for him in the end
she have a silver thing around its neck
oh it's his collar
yeah the flexion movie is based off of
the book Fletch read the book because
the book is fantastic like Dick Tracy or
Nancy Drew or Fletch is a newspaper
reporter and I don't want to give too
much away REE if you like if you like
like imagine what am i I'm trying to
think of a good okay good
when I was a kid I liked the Nancy Drew
and Hardy Boys and now and the lucky
star II ver be the lucky star books no I
never had those but ever had the Hardy
Boys they were Isaac Asimov originally
written under a pen name called Paul
French and they were written in the 60s
long enough a goal that they had
Japanese people as the first people on
the moon but it's just like space cowboy
you know do-gooder in space fun fantasy
stuff but anyway fledged art no that's
alright I know just checking out the
chat um so like imagine that kind of
like a very detailed detective book
except for the main character is kind of
an asshole
and a little self-centered and cracks
jokes all the time house m.d.
oh yes so it's like a little Sherlock a
little hardy boys a little hot like it's
a little house and it's fantastic it's
it's a really great resource one just
called Fletch it's just called Fletch
great question I have a I I was gonna
say if if you can't find them I will
just bring in a stack of Fletch bucks
because I have all of them and I've read
them all several times there we go we'll
do a book swap er yes
britches wearing headphones so you can
hear the game better because this game
you need to hear correctly care enemies
says the real thing I have a feeling you
would be the one to talk to about this
not
as a musician I beg you not to play
Mendelssohn's wedding march of parche
bells canon in d for your weddings from
the past knowledge is our wedding ok
that's a normal that's like a wedding
much
oh I'm sinking of the I think about
packable Canon in D or whatever like
like I've heard like they didn't do that
no they're fine pieces as the real band
but a bit cliched and your wedding
musicians have played them a million
times I would suggest the coral from
whole Jupiter it's really beautiful
unless well no about the stereo
merchandised wedding is gonna be a
casual affair we're not gonna do a
wedding DJ and a bunch of stuff I want
it to be low-key yes friends you know
play the theme from four times as your
wedding march no zippedy got that ow
hey you know everybody Jack who's your
age seems to have fond memories of that
show I know I'm a little younger than
you and and you know yeah you don't
think it just has to do with what age
you were when it came out because um
what should I do
really I mean I remember John stinking
Johnson I'm the John Stamos sure only
enough he still is oh yeah oh yeah
kept it up yeah you know like her a lot
of us you know like I knew in my
household I have a pretty strict mom and
it was like she would monitor what we
watch and so like we just didn't get to
watch a lot of shows and full house was
the family-friendly show that you could
watch and so my friends didn't really
care what I watched or how bad when it
was as long as nobody was oh sure sure
blinking yeah and we didn't have cable
until I was in high school so let's see
here the off switch says gee idiots
everyone knows Superman ejaculates just
one super sperm
about the size of a large salmon have
you even read the comics how does that
come out what is his dick hole I guess
you know what we don't know Superman has
a dick or not he could just have a giant
hole where the salmon sperm comes out he
could he could have loved arts like a
snail yeah isn't that the joke there's
there's like a million jokes about that
like Lois and Superman finally getting
together and his tentacles come out or
whatever and he goes now you lay your
eggs and I but of course he grew up on
her so he knows what normal sex is what
earth sex is that's good those are good
shows for kids right
what are you being served in the Benny
Hill show good show oh sure yeah those
are great Benny Hill classic kids show
you
gruff McMillan's harry says there are
different levels of Jack is wrong Lynda
Carter vs. Hamilton equals minor Jack is
wrong Jack doesn't like Farscape equals
major Jack is very wrong and who doesn't
want to see Wonder Woman versus The
Terminator
I just think terminators you know not a
super threat if you have if you're super
strong and they're doing and have you
know unbreakable wrist guards and you
can fly was half the appeal of
terminator at the time Oh T - yeah
absolutely
when I was that came out yeah well and
just like the you know the also the way
it was done like he could turn into
anyone oh the cool many metal groupie
thing absolutely you know what you get
Arnold you get you get the big gun
action yeah it's great whatever but I
mean like original Terminator I don't
think that Terminator would be much of a
threat the same like even with someone
who like just knew kung fu and had their
shit together like he Kyle Reese fucking
could to handle him mostly like so I
think even but you know the original
Terminator vs. Wonder Woman is gonna be
no conscious oh yeah yeah everyone knows
super sperm looks like the rule I know
what a Kyle Reese can take out Wonder
Woman can handle Kyle Reese and a
waitress managed to deal with the first
Terminator I'm pretty sure one wonder
woman is worth Kyle Reese and a waitress
at least
v Bruna I talked about this a little
earlier yes I'm loving the spooky
overwatch update
I love the outfits I like the spooky
Hollywood map and the the brawl is very
fun I've played the brawl a couple of
times and I'm already like I'm not sick
of it but I'm I'm kind of done with it
already I've played it a couple times
and I'm just going back to quick play so
I think I mean I now I am comfortable
enough with my mouse setup where I'm
going to start a little competitive play
and overwatch
one would think which is very you know
much better in that mind stuff and have
to actually pay attention talk to people
on a microphone and I've never done like
a ranked match before and now I can
actually aim with the mouse hit people
which is crazy you move the mouse and
moving it to where you want to shoot at
people and people die it's so like and
you just don't get to do that with a
controller so it's so weird it's so so
weird
where are we grow oh yeah we read that
one cold star XV 86 hey guys I was late
to the stream so apologies if it's
already been brought up but Tommy Wiseau
new movie it looks like the room too
in all but name I like to think Johnny
faked his death to start a new life here
here's the question I will bring up with
that new Ken is Tommy Wiseau
able to make another the relation no or
is he too self-aware
can he get any uglier it's we've seen
him naked
Oh is he got worse or is he like Keith
Richards where he actually gets more
normal-looking with a you know like I
just I don't want people to get their
home is too long yeah Tommy Wiseau is
very aware of why he's famous does he
embrace it I mean I think so he's good
he goes or he used to go to midnight
screenings of the room you know he was
on Tim and Eric show right when the room
came out he acts in other bad movies you
know he's right right he is comfortable
with his fame I think or in fame or
anything yes pass this jerky figure it
out
Hey MC Lucca says thanks for the stream
regarding YouTube streaming I'd be
worried about splitting the audience yes
some may prefer one over the other but I
think it's more important to keep its
Taheri
yeah that's what rich was saying is I
like one we already have a hard time
like just keeping up with one chat and
tips like now even now we have this chat
and YouTube chat and if YouTube has some
sort of tipping sing and these tips
where it's like of course exactly
oh yeah I know about the light flicker
to run by when the light flow actually I
tried that last time it didn't work but
I mean I kind of want to take him out
decided not to worry about it when I
have to come back through there
I'm sure how's Mike I see I see your tip
apparently ahhs Mike for some reason has
not his his subscription has an auto
renewed and so ahhs Mike would like a
fucking with his we can hire a whore no
like he was he it's been over 20 months
so he wants us to say fuck we're not
hiring him a whore or her a whore
probably him because Mike but as Mike
over 20 fucking months in a row blue I
was thinking I was thinking more like
when it came up we might forget right
forget you're right I forget fucking
everything so you're shooting arrows at
these people is there audio with that
this game right yep your arrows
yeah do you hear the arrows go way mean
like if it if it went into a wall where
do I look search for arrows would they
I'm not shooting
doesn't do that without I know that was
a joke
by the way with the graphics yeah that
looks like a I'm just letting you know
I'm not judging that looks very much
like a wooden hammer to the Builder to
the bill to the build the master builder
savor each end says howdy
so somebody mentioned so somebody
mentioned timestamping certain events
topics on your youtube uploads and that
does sound like a neat idea to consider
if it's not too cumbersome that we do
you know we try to like kind of give a
general idea of like oh here's the order
in which we talk about things on the
stream
going to specific time codes would be
considerably more not doing it it would
be so much more work that it just
wouldn't it's it's it's fucking four
hours of stream like eight hours of
stream a week to listen to yeah
6:02 we can't talk about Superman's dick
anymore well right and then it's like we
jump around a lot so it's like I we try
to give you just a general idea
timestamping stuff like that's read read
the comments and if someone's really
really into doing that put that in the
comment section and then you know it'll
be up like four hours of it and exactly
and put that in a comment and then that
comment will be thumbs up enough where
to be the top comment and if you would
like to send it I know I mean we won't
rich and I won't I can tell you that
also more play sessions yes I've been
I've been a little busy that's how
that's how you do it but yes I do want
to get more necropolis in Surrey gym
also I already have don't starve
together Karen just did a little dance
in front of the TV and adorable
if she wasn't marrying rich oh he would
just get up and slap her so if we want
to do don't starve together will you do
that I didn't know those were reusable
one the noise arrows I never used a much
oh she's the broad head usually okay
they were effective noise arrows
distract cards Oh a I saw arrows you can
pick back up I thought no he's uses for
one-time use oh and you just picked the
back I just picked it back up nice I've
been playing this game for how long and
I didn't know that
I think it's cuz usually when I use the
noise arrow it's like towards guards I
don't want to be near that area to sure
get them away from me I'll go this way
and you never cross the area I never
want I never use what is a lure to knock
someone out before us that's nice
learn something new every 20 years nice
huh
gobbledygook says most successful
streamers that I've seen play the same
shit all the time that they like they're
successful because they network host
other streams know each other community
raid and twitchcon that's that's also
true if we want but you know rich and I
just aren't those type of gamers where
you know we're not going to be the
people that like mastered the one game
and play it over and over again okay
well just you know I'm kind of did that
one riser
oh that's true I just mastered it very
quickly they're asking for a saves
coverage and they want me to say
saves come that's fine that's fine I'm
gonna go home my own without
distractions all over the place I'm
gonna do this without fuckin sage coming
how do I think someone gifted it to I I
was looking at my gift inventory I think
I have it already
you know what leaning in chat leaning in
and black jacking through the window
sounds very familiar that's probably how
I did it way back in the day I tried the
side lanes and I should have done the
forward lane which I don't think I have
bound right now but it's just because I
don't have a bound blue blueberry rich
has a gaming plan and the first part of
the plan is to play through the first
thief series
can you still then take a short break
from his plan and play gears 4 then
after that I believe he wants to play
Dishonored yes yes my job
she's been very good at that he's got to
work Karen let the man work well I
haven't been in a rush because you
haven't been as much to play exactly on
my own I got there backwards and part of
this level by now
Karen's been relentless with wanting to
watch Marcos I'm now ready to play thief
and and you know we'll do it we'll try
to do a thief in Gears that thing
actually and you know what here's my my
other problem is this morning actually I
downloaded both of the thief's thief's
one and two and I was all ready to start
playing and I'm out of hard drives days
so I had to order a new hard drive for
the gameplay footage that I have to
capture like an external hard drive so I
could capture gameplay footage to use in
an episode oh yeah I know and it's fine
like I you know Amazon same-day delivery
really cheap but I needed hard drive
then you know or else we can't we can't
who's any gameplay footage so that's
that was a big hindrance where it's like
I could have gotten some playtime in
today but didn't
oh it didn't come before I left so it's
just like same day before 8:00 and yeah
which is great I mean it's fantastic
oh yeah just one of those things where
like I could have paid 30 extra bucks
and went to the stove event so I can
have 30 bucks
that's another copy of deep one and two
which is one two three four five and six
well Craig Nations is hijack rich and
Karen during our interview I mentioned
our web series bagged and bored we
recently released a trailer for check it
out sometimes Thank You Craig nation we
go yes
bagged and bored vor IDI but yeah I
believe that's that's the the pun
because you put comic books in bags with
boards and back of them that's comic
board about the physical condition of
anything I love digital comics I've read
way more comics since I've gotten into
digital comics yep did Steve just see by
$15 and I don't know certain or it's
like maybe we had don't starve on the
prereq gift account because I have my
Steam account and we also have the
prereq Steam account so I don't know you
like I do like for the comic books you
know like with really released like the
special edition like hardcover things
like I
with saga you know it's like the first
three volumes it's a big fat book big
fat delicious hardcover book delicious
book loner art John says why is twitch
assuming you are streaming the remake of
thief's jaxa thief another project
no just Steve oh yeah are there two
different called the remake thief when
the original came out it was called
thief the dark project this is the
menthol technically the one we're
playing which I didn't see listened at
all because I did try to change this
earlier yeah was Steve gold this version
is actually thief's gold that's just not
listed this is the problem with colons
people this is the problem with colons
hold hold your horses
I calling a remake not not a sequel
thief the dark project I just fixed it
for the husband half-hour hour well I
call the fourth one they called the
fourth one in the series the simplest
title it was it was absolutely
absolutely and so it's like I will
playing because and that's what rich
always calls a thief well we're playing
thief
there's thief all of them are others
deep : dark monsters would you do I got
I got I got hammered in the back of my
head oh I'm not quite sure why well
that's
yep also did you know dolph ziggler
beats she beats everybody who's Dolph
Ziggler oh that sounds like that sounds
like a spoiler so I'm not gonna read it
out loud blown around job
hey Jack says start and said have you
watched Bojack horseman although it
leans pretentious it's actually one of
the best comedy drama is out there I
know rich does I like Will Arnett he's
very funny he's the volume period except
for narcos you're super nervous that's
great and I really like transparent oh
well sorry Chen then get your $15 bag
because I have we got it we got it
already I have a gift of it somewhere we
have not played any of the Witcher games
colonel rich mustard David's a favorite
David Fincher movie go David favorite
movie that's a good one that's a good
that was just what I was going to say
no he did fag clothes
he did he did Girl with the Dragon
Tattoo that's Fincher right he did gone
girl maybe he did the Fincher do social
network yes yes I'm gonna say yes there
we go
zodiac alien 3 well so far I've only
seen one of those and I liked it like oh
sevens good you know sevens good
probably Fight Club if if I these are
all the ones that we've listed Fight
Club would probably my favorite like the
Fight Club
what he used to like our friends would
come over and even like like some people
try to like push have you guys seen
fights always appreciate it but I oh
yeah so panic room you get a can occur
in the whole Quintus down now I want to
want panic notes turn otherwise says
sauce shin Godzilla last night super
disappointing new to connect show that's
the state officers you got Zilla movie
forty years big shocker hate another one
is a trackpad
because it's a you can be this and just
turn it into tablet if you so folks and
then it's like you know some people you
like but it just sits better on right oh
I broke it
now it's upside down hold on I think I
need to go back to tablet mode and then
fix my orientation and oh wait no do it
look at this okay there we go
Oh bent he did Benjamin Button - that's
true I think that's right
okay so sorry sorry Qin Godzilla super
disappointing a few great scenes but
by-and-large just literally people
sitting your room talking politics
turtle the wives have you never seen an
old Godzilla movie this is something
that's very important to know that's
literally all they are it's people in
rooms talking politics and then maybe
two or three Godzilla fights that's all
the old Godzilla movies are and they're
great they're fucking great
that's yeah you you just described to me
the perfect Godzilla movie as long as
there's a guy in a big rubber suit
destroying fakes a fake City I'm happy
so why don't we just just splice up the
debates the the presidential debates
with Godzilla fight seats that's all I
want
that's attention my opponent blah blah
blah blah blah Jack has never been more
corrects as graphic mother finally my
knowledge of old Godzilla movies pays
off but uh you know what I didn't see
the American remake of Godzilla because
I'm not I wasn't interested I want I
like the cheesy Godzilla I like the man
in the big rubber costume
have you ever seen you attack of the
killer tomatoes no I don't hate it it's
a it makes fun out of of gzb movies okay
like they intentionally have bad dubbing
and just just see it okay the killer
tomatoes is fun sure
see this how they do the mapping thief
oh look at that sloughed I'm sorry
I like the look of that yeah yeah that's
nice no there's no you are is there you
are here yeah that's super important you
just have to understand the layout by
walking through no they did they had a
tack of the killer tomatoes cartoon
attack of the killer tomatoes I remember
I remember the cartoon tired and sad
says people don't realize the original
Terminator is essentially a sci-fi
horror interpretation of Carpenter's
Halloween innocent girl stalked by an
unstoppable human not as complex as its
fans say well III think there could be
an argument for that there could be an
argument for that I would have to give
some thought first rich yeah do you have
a moment no do you have a moment to be
George Lucas tired and sad would like
George Lucas to describe be anxiety
about this upcoming me
was from just like a white slaver
where's the Hillary and Larry's a woman
she will be the country's first female
president and thank you thank you for
your insight Jackie thank you that's
exactly what George think it's what's it
like easier way I still have 80 billion
dollars I will probably have eighty two
billion dollars no matter which one of
them is president I'm gonna go back and
take my boys name if I stole owned
Lucasfilm I would probably will
little-known fact the Taft was really a
chick yeah ah all right let's see
anonymous transition he was probably a
good choice for tap yes yeah who's an
ugly chick rich shadow Wario to gets
released on October 13th that's great
are you gonna play it I know okay girl
finally got too much other shit my place
we got we got we got others we got
others yeah I'm saying we got we have a
plan you know the plan is a mixture of
thief 1 and 2 Gears of War 4 Dishonored
dishonored and if I'm not fed up on kind
of immersive stealth games Deus Ex right
and in between I'm gonna kind of try to
drag them out of the house once in a
while
nope you're the reason I'm not halfway
through my plan right now young lady
balanced all about bounce hey hey oh you
took you that see that's what you get
for public display of affection you get
I joke because I like you there's no way
I'm getting through this level okay this
is a long level and I played and I
stupidly put her on expert we're doing
is I got like shitload of objectives I I
am probably not gonna play an expert if
I recommend at least normal I don't know
good that's what I would do some more on
mode I would usually do normal half the
time and easy you need to get out put
the object just find the object here
sounds risky here's the the reason for
gears is we for the main show we need a
balance of indeed triple-a old and new
and we just had for what it's worth I
like yours one or two right I don't hate
the gear series I neither do I it's the
the slow-paced cover shooter aspect of
it kind of disguise the fact that a
controller sucks for shooting at things
yeah they real well if we make
everything super fucking slow maybe you
don't feel how awful this is yeah so
it's it's the what's one of the few
playable console shooters but here's the
thing we just did an indie game we have
an older game we're gonna do thief which
is another older game so we've we've
been skewing a little indeed recently so
we need to bring it back with the
triple-a title people like to see that
so here's far I'm gonna be upset when it
turns out that they Uncharted it I'm
sure you I'm sure they're gonna
Uncharted it's gonna be awful it's gonna
be so awful and but you know this so
that's it so that's the real plan is we
got we got one episode in the can
that's all almost it's an old expression
that's almost done editing edited then
we got a gears then we got a thief then
we got we don't have another episode of
I didn't say I love it I said I didn't
hate it
I was okay with gears no here's here's
here's how I feel about gears I played
one positi I played two this is kind of
neat I never bothered with threes I
didn't care that much so yeah if it was
the only game on earth he'd play the
shit out of it but there's some other
stuff to play yeah it's fine I you know
what I enjoyed about the gear series is
you get to saw people in half and I
thought that was pretty cool just like
it's a game where you get to saw people
in it diagonally it's neat and then you
half their body flops over yeah here's a
question yeah the new character yeah and
cares for him okay well there's some of
Marcus Fenix yes is it voiced by John
DiMaggio no Marcus Fenix is in it oh
okay save me prominence I don't I'll
tell you this about John DiMaggio yeah
he took a generic character type and he
made it fun does he know what I have it
up yeah yeah I gotta shoot those things
he knew how to play it yeah I predict
main characters to be honest she got
shoot things cuz I'm ultra generic who's
the tag in the stunt Oh who's that actor
Jai Courtney is he good oh hi Courtney
no no yeah I'm good that's the okay
analogy he's gonna Jai Courtney is he's
got a giant Courtney and it's gonna be
fucking awful rich the fear in your eyes
when I said it was voiced by Jai
Courtney Wow
yeah I don't know if the camera caught
that but rich was like yes it's John
fucking card me Jesus Christ but I mean
Jen demise you know how to take that
dark type and make it work yep you knew
what he was doing just fun enough to be
fun but like a little like a little
serious but like a little
tongue-in-cheek absolutely absolutely
couple more tips to get through here hey
hey would you please read my favorite
quote in your dulcet tones Jack hmm if
wishes were fishes we'd all castanets
rich yeah cheers Cheers
you save scum er yeah well you should be
ashamed I'm very distracted yeah we got
people we got people chat at you're rich
says t-bag for glory we all know your
laugh can cure clinical depression but
what's the sweetest thing about Karen
it's the sweetest thing about it Harris
she's is christ-like I don't I'm
uncomfortable with human emotions and
Fitch and Karen have a lot of them
towards each other and it's just it's
just when you're reading I'm like when
you got like you're reading about some
kind of like skin disease or something
and you're all excited about it I like
to read to him she does that schedule
folks yeah I like read like dole books
to him and stuff books I like I like to
share product we're reading that dis I
read disenchanted tune recently I should
we listen to part of that audiobook but
then we listen to the rest I read the
rest of it
I do all the voices talked about so I
should read anything new lately I
haven't been up here between work and
everything else I mean I'd like I said
today I kind of bitching on comic books
yeah I'm watching a lot of narcos I have
not finished a novel drink Siri Chen
have there been any traditional RPGs
that you guys have been okay or mad with
Chrono Trigger no fuck that shit watch
my sister play it I wanted to throw up
rich don't like any of that though I'm
having a lot of problems with the new
Pokemon how do they give you Pokemon as
if that's not the main point of the game
Pokemon are why on the 3ds Pokemon lies
the giant letter is so far like in the
original Pokemon game you get your
starter Pokemon you know and then
there's a few Pokemon here there that
you could like trade with other people
but so far I want to say I have just
straight-up gotten from other people six
pokémon it's like what what the fuck
what do I even need to search through
the bushes for pokemon fucking now
you're kind of a poker purist I'm kind
of a pocket it's overall it's a pretty
fun game and I like the boy
although I'm still trying to understand
the new ferry type of Pokemon and who
they're strong and weak against and
you're making me fall asleep jack yeah
good oh yeah oh the Paper Mario series
do you like that oh yeah I played sure
the other clip with Super Paper Mario
and I like them yeah soap everywhere is
great yeah let's get you on it's on me
my money
Mario and Luigi may be gonna be
disappointed
RPGs yes they're really fun they they do
something fun with my with yeah so
typical turn-based combat few switches
they have x button presses to power up
your movies or to counter-attacks and so
like you're actually doing something in
the battle decides going through the
Excel spreadsheet collection spreadsheet
click on something I've never cared for
the maniac ranching because but I played
it on the NES and it looked terrible and
I didn't quite understand it I remember
I'm younger than you so when it came out
I was I was
what happened bullshit bullshit bullshit
happened
Cuddy died I came to rescue Cuddy uh-huh
but he died of whatever illnesses he had
as I was talking to him he gave me the
information I needed
oh the guard walking by saw his dead
body and searched the cell and found me
that's bullshit that's bullshit that's
some bullshit that's ultra fucking
bullshit oh yes Paper Mario
thousand-year doors is a great one hi
they all the whole Paper Mario series
I'm a big fan of absolutely and I'm okay
with turn-based combat in general my
usual problem with the classic RPG is
the J part of the JRPG which is just
teenagers with horrible hair and giant
super maneuvers that do ten damage but
you know take five minutes of a cutscene
for two to unleash the dragon great
time-waster warrior you know it depends
on how natural it feels if you keep
moving if you keep it to touring new
areas while leveling up it's not so much
for grind there there can be areas of an
RPG where you go back to fight the weak
monsters so you can all family over one
of the reasons that I enjoy the Pokemon
so much speaking of like the grind and
and the math is you know like it gets
you into the world worse you you know
like you know you're gonna fight a gyms
who's all grass types oh well let's look
up you know who's strong against grass
type oh I'll get these 100 level up
these books doesn't
you know like you you make a little plan
and you it engrosses you in the world
absolutely I'm with you yep pick up his
dead body
so I mean I've played a few of the Final
Fantasy games I know I really tried way
back in the day I really tried to get
into Final Fantasy 7 because that's
supposed to be the big you know like
that was the big super dumb idea and
just it just didn't it didn't do it for
me or if you are the dragon you want to
you want to like kill kill all the time
breath breath of fire someone who seems
peaceful a cute green dragon
yeah I just didn't get into if I like
and you know like a lot of final fantasy
7 that I didn't get into was just the
story of the you know the that I think
that's where my real hatred of of story
and games came from as these winding
twisting JRPGs forever mike is this
easier it is this better I got it for by
my face get it by your face I'm a bit of
a motor yep you're super into mumblecore
yeah nice yeah the dewclaw brothers you
make a plan and you follow through with
that's what Brian Boitano I would do did
it did it sounds like they might be
giants that's how I think that's a South
Park you should love they might be
giants they're great everyone loves they
might be giants even rich they might be
giants some people just don't know it
yet as I've never heard they might be
giants they have some new albums out
well they do though they're having a
sale right now and a website improve it
now and if you buy their albums you can
get some new t-shirts they made at
discounted prices and I was really
thinking about it but I just got some
new t-shirts and so like my t-shirt
budget and I need to I need to keep a
super strict t-shirt budget because I
will buy t-shirts all the time because I
wear them on the shows and I'd like to
wear different t-shirts on the shows and
I've just bought some new t-shirts I
couldn't buy
listen baby might be giants t-shirts did
you get that one from just a shop a
local shop this was dancing it'll be in
the Speight local shirt shirt look at
all you know you know Jack you should
try and ninokuni its studio ghibli meets
Pokemon whoo nope and I know kunai I'm
I'm low I'm gonna do that
me no flash pumps very sorry what is it
called
Nino qu9 there we go Nino qu9 for the
ps3 you stop talking in gibberish Nino
kunai wrath of the White Witch Oh God
for the ps3 and Nintendo des Eaux a
Nintendo DS yes I'm I look into it I got
it up ago my Google and I'm a Google it
well I googled it already but I'll look
at it when I get home
Nino Cunha and I and oh don't see what
okay oh and I want to be put with these
incompetent people it's on the
PlayStation 3 and Nintendo DS it's
probably too vastly different games
stream Li different capable ah yeah you
walk by at the perfect time you jackass
I do like Studio Ghibli and I like
Pokemon so if it's like Pokemon meets
Studio Ghibli then I'll be okay with it
but the other reason why I really like
Pokemon this Pokemon is very very simple
it's stripped-down there's not a lot of
like big grandiose story elements just
the kid going on an adventure and you
catch fucking animals and you make the
animals hit each other target the target
audience of the game is preteen they
didn't want to set the entry bar -
exactly exactly
I'm done okay got my butt kicked
okay that's fine get your butt kicked
I'm sorry rich oh you know either me
sorry it's great okay I love it great
he's still here
we're still here but we're about to say
goodbye
does anyone know how that song ends no
no now you know sound of music fans nope
nope never seen it the only song I know
and in German biomotor
el wiedersehen goodbye hi I'd like to
think that I could stay alive I don't
know
my leg is falling asleep do do doop doop
- thank you thank you
oh my toes can breathe the Sun is cold
I'm making your toes breathe your toes
are on the floor my foot was on your
knee
you made my leg fall asleep
sorry don't be sorry you just have to be
very guilty
yeah very worried about putting your
foot sorry
whoa I could be guilty but not being
guilty enough like maybe we'll pull that
off that's about it sorry Kat says two
months dr. smoke trees awesome mr. great
who mr. grey Diego corridan Miller for
20 fucking months in a row oh shit I got
a hype Karen over here she are you just
gonna are you gonna emphasize every
fucking nice I love you Karen's our hype
man tonight and ma'am Oh Karen's our
hype man tonight
Carmela says Stream Space Quest three
Chernobyl kinsmen 18 months in a row
shut up Mackenzie says lol lick my
Taffer striker one one two one seventeen
months in a row keep on keepin on boys
Sarah won't want to on Steve the ghost
home town markup for 20 sake Oh a hype
man fucked up already
number two we're gonna try that one more
time home town markup for twenty six
fuckin months in a row uncool aid man
twenty four fucking months in a row boom
now we found it
uncool eight man says I've been doing
this for two years
Oh God see the reason why I got confused
I didn't know if
was for fucking 24 months in a row for
20 fucking 4 months in a row for 20
fucking months in a row for 21 months in
number number first then fuck yeah oh
and listen we got it now yeah I'm sorry
what
yeah go lab there
baba Yaga Lolo baba Yaga you know okay
Baba Yaga Baba Yaga Lala yeah that's all
right that's the proper way to say it
hmm I'm sorry any chance you guys might
check out Yakuza zero there is zero
chance that we will check out Yakuza
sure about the Japanese mafia nice El
Pollo died up the oh sorry I got it now
El Pollo Diablo six five seven ten rail
means rail 19 bucks in a row
crocodile brain for twenty three fucking
months in a row I can't tell you how
much I love our height ma'am like it
makes me feel better it makes every
subscriber over 20 months more powerful
yeah I'm so into it I'm sorry I'm with
you the devil is my hairdo jerath gyros
riot crew for 28 fucking months in a row
oh sorry right crew said hey guys please
play amnesia the Dark Descent this month
or don't play what you like hello Home
Video cryo
42 421 fucking months in a row
Savio thrustin Tyranno didn't 87 lazy
brain world 5 to the X 421 fucking
months in a row
yo tato oh I love that c-3po tato yeah
yeah that's good
NY Cujo 3 PC 3 potato 3c potato
did you kick 666 young bubbies oh mighty
Chad cp1 t-bag for glory tempura lone
Arne clone 27 27 clone 27 27 cents Mike
and rich review the Wrath of Khan maybe
some that you got you do got you you
both of you seem to likely to show up
reviewer later you both like the Star
Trek I know that about you and Mike
hunched back jack only four more months
to a fucking we can't hardly wait oh my
and say that against a we can we can
echo that oh you're right so Hunchback
Jack for 16 months in a row Hunchback
jack says only four more months to a
fucking can't hardly wait you're
absolutely right you gotta find yourself
a lady who knows how to potty mouth
monster grabbed her by the pussy you
find that lady and you know what to do
you a prize the first time I did it I'll
tell you what you do I'll tell you what
you do you find yourself a good-looking
lady and then you act respectfully
towards her and hopefully her feelings
are reciprocated that's what you really
fucking do god damn it this thing Manta
Queens sauce meant to queal us that the
key is
Seki and gas Pabst oh right
hens a frosh for 13 months in a row
hence a frosh says hey uh says Hanza
frosh
13 fucking months in a row thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do
oh I go I get it handsome jerk I get it
hands a prize
hair Tatsu Ezri subscribed for 21
fucking months in a row hair Tetsu says
it's fucking time
oh well put my god wait before before
you click off did you is oz mic not on
the list
I didn't seem like we read the list I
was like you're not almost there we do
have a little thing that says 14 viewers
Rhys absque ribe Douai you were away so
you might have Rhys absque rhymed while
we were away your name isn't on the list
but Oz Mike about fucking over 20-some
Oz my friend we can do fucking all three
of us shit oz Mike for over 20 fucking
monster thank you all for subscribing we
really do appreciate it
