Episode 217
Grind my Gears (part 2)
October 31, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq_UDBI-UcU
___________________________________________

the mouse no longer works and I don't
know why no no no this game of so yeah
you know it's it gets it gets acceptable
well yeah like like all the gears games
I've been playing for a few hours and it
started to get gooder yeah
picks up a lot with Marcus shows up yeah
but then you're also like man I want to
be Marcus as you want because Nathan
flake is a terrible character yeah
well amount of long-range weapons you
can use it down here where are the guys
still where two guys oh yeah
good great great oh wait so what tip did
I miss I don't know hold on finally why
sure sure don't forget this oh don't
forget the stand-up timer rich please
humor me long day at work Gears of War
inspired theoretical battle settings
Chicago Aquaman vs sharknado think about
it what Chicago Aquaman Chicago Aquaman
versus what's Chicago Aquaman how is
that different from Aquaman I have no
idea oh yeah I missed a couple of them
jack is on top rich is on bottom of the
screen I am girl
I understand jerkwad that you were
probably being a little cheeky or asking
that but whatever what do they say who's
the top and who's the bottom so you know
I get it rich if you had to be one
non-human animal what what would you
choose to be your last meal movie and
drink before you were forcibly turned
against you well great riches in
answering that he's sick of that and I
think that was all of them great all
right I did miss a couple tips sorry
about that they they scrolled past and I
didn't notice and you know mistakes were
made
but at least we could get through this
together how do you tell Chicago walkman
from regular Aquaman right
Chicago Aquaman I guess would have less
real estate for power
you know like wish again is pretty big
yeah but I feel like there's not a lot
of like Michigan touching special
category just in Illinois there's a lot
of Lake Michigan touching Chicago yeah
we're not talking about Illinois Aquaman
we're talking about Chicago Aquaman yeah
I guess what can I come and do outside
of the water strong Superman I guess
because I don't know
bye bye huh when when the train came and
killed and then Nathan flake goes ha ha
bye
smooth witty yeah the wrong character
for this kind of game you know just all
those things what do I think of WWE
Aquaman from Justice League Snyder
vision I think this ain't your daddy's
Aquaman baby they're doing a new duty to
do aw he's a drinker yeah you know
saying your dad's Aquaman implies that
your dad liked Aquaman what your dad
probably did not like aqua nobody liked
soccer yeah nobody likes Aquaman Aquaman
is this isn't your father's Aquaman
because your father didn't have one
because nobody fucking likes Aquaman
Aquaman is such a joke it was the entire
like it was three seasons worth of jokes
from from that one was that awful what's
that awful show guys just the worst oh
yeah when they come after an explosion
yes yeah there's heart being interesting
and fun no they're not again if they're
not good-looking robots not even
visually just from a gameplay they just
slow bullet sponges this whole faction
is just awful and it's the start of the
game you get hours of these fuckers and
it's it's the worst it's the worst thing
thank you
you do to do to do bow bow
do-do-do-do-do-do-do like that song now
that's a good son six direct shots from
my shotgun because I think this guy down
there obnoxious
now get an overkill yeah what was the
show what was the show about the
Hollywood douchebag and his crew
entourage do you ever like it was a 2
season long joke that that the guy the
the lead of that was getting his own
superhero movie there was the Aquaman
movie and they chose the Aquaman movie
because the producers of Entourage said
well they're never ever going to make an
Aquaman movie so this will just be a
great joy yeah
wow that was fun
yeah these first levels suck like hard
core my other shotgun go I picked up
this stupid double shotgun I think it's
stupid that's fine just doesn't have
doesn't a lot of bullets yeah that's the
problem
they are gonna make a knock from a movie
they just they just released the picture
of Lady Aquagirl
Oh teleport I don't know I guess maybe
she could be from the Justice League
movie she might not necessarily get
everybody they say they're making an
Aquaman movie we'll see how the Justice
League Wonder Woman ha ha betcha
prepares I don't I don't care just don't
care about anything or anyone
we'll never be free of it No
never will
well you know it's just of everything
he'll never be free of bad movies you'll
never be free of mediocre movies you'll
never be free of Hollywood movies which
is fine all right
some of our
okay we're doing that you're doing that
who's shooting
where's this robot where to funk is this
robot I just shot one Oh
yeah but then more gun and then fucking
Morcom know there are funner enemies to
fight I wouldn't mind so much these guys
are all stupid pants yeah their pants
are is to help me drunk man
help me drunk man again I love it that
you know after they knock you down they
completely ignore you it's fine
well it's fine because you know like I
like living but
you would think come on Bell it's like
some bullets gang ammo over here ammo
boxes sometimes ammo boxes laying around
why'd you buy some on the box cuz you're
moving in I'm not moving in
how to move the box I'm coming I'm
coming
race you can't use it alright
rich what what nope I'm sorry the blue
blaze says after seeing Jax transitioned
from controller to mouse keyboard I've
recently done the same I don't know how
I've been playing that long yeah playing
like that for so long
here's two bucks for helping me see the
light I feel like I'm improve the world
you have I can't like you know I as you
guys know like overwatch I was gonna say
we but really it's been most its you
know you've been pushing and you know
like I think ever a lot of people were
just like over it you're pushing a
little too hard
but no it's so you guys know how much I
play overwatch and I love overwatch and
I just can't I can't even remember and
you know like now I'm playing this game
with a controller again and it's like
yeah why didn't you buy the Xbox very
new schmuck well my thought was my
thought was twofold uh-huh one I knew
you were playing the PC version so then
me playing the Xbox version gives us
another option to talk about the
difference you don't know how much I
want to bitch about the Windows Store
but you can ah you can still bitch about
it I need you there with me Jack I need
you there with me I'm always there at
the ridge so one I wanted to give us
something different to talk about - I
figured this was going to be a lot like
recore in which it was designed with a
controller um I know it's got shooting
I'm just a no auto aim this was my
thought going in yeah okay
okay and so in my head it's like oh I'm
gonna be playing this on a with a
controller anyway I might as well buy it
for the Xbox and here's another thing I
thought to myself is you know my
internet at home is not the greatest
internet and I know the download what's
that what's the download for this game
days well I mean it's like barely
exaggerating it II 80 gigs is an 80 gig
download for this game and I thought to
myself fuck man it's gonna take me days
to download it yeah so I'd rather buy a
disc you know so that's that's for Xbox
that's firm of course what I didn't
under what I didn't remember is that
with Xbox one you have to install the
game so whether you have a disk or not
doesn't fucking matter mm-hmm because it
takes the information from the disk it
still took four hours to fucking install
the game you know what the shotgun is
not as effective as it should be but how
much all I'm throwing out there oh god
these enemies are the worst yep there
get the average so and it sucks like
playing a shooter with this dumb clunky
controller just sucks you can't aim it's
it's terrible and I I don't know how I
did it for so long and I don't know how
I defended it for so long now that I'm
on the other side you know and I
understand it's my credit I always said
Jack play it the way you want right I
explained that my way was better
oh sure what if you're more comfortable
that's fine
absolutely and you know a lot of it for
me was comfort like holding the
controller still is more comfortable
than a mouse and keyboard for me I'm
perfectly comfortable I'm not the mouse
mm-hmm yeah and the keyboard is it was
the largest problem but you know for
overwatch I got my little nunchuck thing
and everything whoa hello
teleporting him god damn it sniper rifle
hanging out around here somewhere you
know what fuck it I'm just gonna run up
a sheet with shotgun all right I'm done
with that
so yeah I like I guess I'm a little
disappointed with my xbox one purchase
this this would probably be a better
game to play with the mouse and keyboard
because you can shoot a name but when
I'm done playing it I can always return
it to Game Stop and get some sort of
game credit for another game which you
know what hey hey oh he took I was about
to buy some some bullets oh the
fabricator oh let's see here there's
bullets there by the crane lord Belmont
rich says I don't rich I don't care if
you shit on the 7th guest I just care
that you play it it would make me really
happy we will see we will see lower
Belmont I can't use the chainsaw I don't
have it you don't get that - like
halfway through the fucking game where
I'm pointing
oh you're gonna run you got it
how did you do it already yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo blanking flanken
excellent flank shit not excellent flank
excellent flank these ran behind him
they're too busy with you well where'd
you come from
Oh snipers I'll be out thank you
i doo doo doo doo I guess bullets in the
future are like paintballs you take so
many hits it's ridiculous yes
can't tell you what I despise about
here's a sigil specifically the multiply
oh yeah it's not a problem really on the
singleplayer machine-gun bullets are
nothing yeah firstly because of the heel
try to shoot somebody from a distance
minute they get hit once or twice they
just dive behind cover in the heel and
your machine-gun assault rifle is
worthless and the whole fucking
multiplayer devolves into running around
with shotguns yeah
yeah it's it's all shocking you know
what we're getting rid of the fucking
health regen yeah we'd go a long way
towards solving that problem cuz you
could attack chuck them off a little bit
from the distance oh gee oh no and like
that like then you could strategically
place health packs throughout the map
like that that adds a whole nother
strategy leveling of and level design
fun uh-huh
both come axion and poop dick want to
know what we feel about the game so far
is it is the game any good or would you
rather watch mr. Plunkett talk about cop
dog is gears good or would you rather
watch mr. Plunkett talk about cop dog
von Neumann standard if you played the
other gears you know you're getting it's
not terrible
it's yeah I'd rather play doom oh god
yeah
it's not terrible it's it's off-putting
that you're playing a Gears game and
you're not Marcus Fenix that was a big
part of the fun of Gears is being the
main character someone I don't want to
be right well and it's like Marcus
someone when he's in your party yeah
it's just it just salt the woods it is
and he's like he's he's mister he's mr.
commando he's the fun military I just
wanna just a standard 80s action hero
yes yes yes this is slightly funnier
Rambo I credit most of that to John
DiMaggio yep who knows how to play a
character like that and have it be fun
yes he doesn't take it too seriously and
that comes across and he doesn't play it
like a complete joke either
somewhere finds a balance ooh everyone
we're playing here is very very serious
except for a Drake Nathan what are you
going
they're just not very interesting
heck hexa not guess one heck froze
burgers in the game yeah I know you know
get the players emits kind of horrible
that's literally what rich just said is
yeah he's in your team get to be the guy
you want to be that's a big problem
excuse me kind of you know putting the
fabricator someplace we can use it
everything we have is here let's hope
it's enough
go on inside yeah there's a lot of
characters cracking jokes in this and
it's not it's just a just a logistic
characters I don't knows just doesn't
work your sidekick black guy is just
he's a guy he's a guy the other one is
girl and she will probably be love
interest but she's not terribly exciting
and then Nathan flake is just kind of
obnoxious yeah yeah also like I know you
you haven't gotten this far yet but the
way the the story of the game your
motivation for destroying you know like
in in Gears of War what was what was
your motivation for destroying the
aliens exactly boom super simple right
yeah your mission is to destroy all
aliens fucking just like doom what's
your mission kill all the fucking demons
it's so simple it's so easy here they
try to tack on this extra layer of
characterization and it doesn't work
look at the end of that what matters is
a fun shooting of things right oh sure
but like I guess what matters I think
that's what makes some of Gears one fun
to shoot things is that would make
that's what would make me want to play
Gears one or two over rush porn but
still I can't I can't was terrible this
is terrible and it's fine oh I did say
was terrible I'm sure it's fine I don't
like it
I'm saying it I'm saying there are
things that Gears did well that gears
for is not doing well specifically no
boy Mike Trapp over here wow you could
have bought the expensive one that slows
them down worth a damn this one's those
about that oh this is the only one I can
buy they don't like they don't let you
buy the the v2 one yes later huh yes
they do did they I just bought the one
that's nearly as expensive no you have a
turret yeah I grabbed the other one the
other one that slows things down there's
5,000 deterrence or something I don't
know whatever whatever it's all fine
yeah that's right Chad Orcs Must Die
Jack Jack needs to listen to me when it
comes to these things what that I need
to play orcs most a this kind of like
tower defense oh but I see here's the
thing I hate this part of the Year
scheme it probably works better in orcs
a game that was meant for it but you put
this shit cuz they're gonna come through
that door so you put it right here and
then you get a nice funnel to shoot it
down at all of them or where are you
gonna put it the planes just drop them
yeah anywhere in that field Jack there's
a door they come through the door I
don't remember it was a while here like
three of them I don't remember rich
where do you want it to be that's fine
no where do you want it to be I you know
what Jack what it's fine
is it it's fine would you like it I
think you should put it where you were
going to put it here I'll put it where
you were going I was going to put it
right here
I think that's a fine place for it
they're gonna come walk over this and
then we're gonna shoot at them we're
gonna shoot down from here where we have
some nice cover and then like boom boom
boom boom boom shoot you easy peasy easy
peasy lemon squeezy I could use a little
yeah and you know what I asked you for
your employment you decided to be sassy
instead of instead of giving me actual
Android you wanted to be mr. sassafras
entertainment value
oh damn it what I shot just over a spot
yeah let's wavefront
give me some more bullets no there's
more you have more bullets huh
it doesn't want to have open once I
can't refill this the sniper rifle no I
have it
why I even have it you get five shots so
you're gonna forget I don't get it
huh
yep that'll do
right or left let's add
or right side tire I'm at the right time
why what's up I was gonna kind of help
oh look like they were coming in yeah
there was one chasing you you fortify
this time alright alright yeah you show
me where the good shit is no defense
like a good offense check like that
makes no sense it's a simple concept
offense I just I'm buying a turret yeah
I'm buying a turret
yes I don't get I don't get it - turret
and how would that help I don't
understand jack I don't I don't
understand you I know you yeah but I
don't understand I think it's perfect I
think that's perfect
rich wait nope nope why is the horn load
in story mode because horde mode was
very popular and this is this is a good
ten minutes of gameplay where you don't
need to make different Maps I said you
just built the one area and then you've
got like half an hour of your ten our
running time that's the like the studio
mandate Wells gotta be ten hours
determined length of the length of a
game yep game child UK says last Hillary
/ Trump debate will be on Wednesday
during the stream are you ready for this
no well we did it we did it do we need
to see more debates did we do it is that
really necessary other than for the
spectacle will Donald Trump do next I'm
sure it's great for ratings we did the
last one the last one was on a Sunday
for the stream and it seemed to be fine
for us you know the only thing that
would be interesting I mean you know
what's gonna happen of course the only
one make it interesting is like Hillary
Clinton's human mask falls off during
the debate and then suddenly we all go
oh but she still wins because Donald
Trump's an apple which yeah that's most
likely what would happen
thank you
can you repair this and how do you do it
I don't know
I would love to repair this I don't have
any Craig grenades huh but I don't know
enough about a horde mode to be able to
do it don't worry you're gonna do this
exactly once more
know who's a turret huh that's a good
term minds hurts I guess
it reached the wall watch the left more
DB whew that's not where I wanted to
hear
stop it
there's balls over here I think those
Baltar
folks over here a big pile of moment now
there we go
I haven't taken many bullets my gun does
not have a lot of ammo that it can hold
so I go through a lot
do-do-do-do but I have great um let's
see here born in 1991 always thought
2008 president election would be
monumental one of the monumental one of
my lifetime 2016 is now that is also
true
hey guys his purple-faced bazooka first
rich happy early birthday thank you are
you guys keeping up with ash vs. Evil
Dead if so have you seen the morgue
episode morgue episode is the best thing
ever
yeah I haven't seen the next one I kind
of want to wait and binge the rest
honestly and yeah I haven't actually
seen any of the new season I'll
binge-watch it's a the morgue is the
best thing ever it's the best thing ever
yes okay yeah I'll probably binge once
once they're all out I got so many other
things that I want to watch right now I
just don't have a fuckin time I don't
have time for I supposed to do bed at
the moment oh damn someone coming here
oh yeah
it's up in the air
oh fuck
so I'm gonna be enemies more health I
really wish they just gave us more
enemies to shoot I'm dead serious yeah
yeah yeah I hate that change the shield
have you checked out West world though
I've seen the first episode of West
world and really liked it that's one of
those things that's one of those things
that I'm watching though that means I
don't have time for adversity the bed
fucking with my turret I trying to I
tried to fix it you fuckin with my
turret I moved you turd I moved it I was
trying to fix it but apparently what I
did didn't fix it so I would love some
grenades oh here's some grains great ask
and ye shall receive
I wanted a couple grenades and I got a
couple grenades that's great still
getting through Luke age yes sorry
striker I just did that like that Luke
Cage did not like it never got any
better kept waiting for it to get better
never got any better
okay this might help me go pick up some
eyes only the only one down well looks
like that one that but yeah Westworld
was great that first episode of West
world was super fun very satisfying very
into that let's see here
MC Lucas says have you played in the
classic Resident Evil game no a little
bit I tried it the first one I hated it
I asked because I'm just not a survival
horror guy yeah and I never liked like
residue before I think it's great but
yeah any of the originals I didn't much
care for I understand the purpose of
their life weird camera system but I
never really cared for it so I'd never
played a lot of them
god truckers ain't coming
what am I looking at looking at what do
you think you're supposed to be looking
at probably those guys okay
yeah
shoot the things
shooting all the things fine it's fine
that's what it is rich
that is my compliment and problem with
this fine
have the super gun that hopefully gonna
help and hit the damn thing
okay Jack I did it
great thanks sometimes but you know I
know it's mostly for comedy so it's okay
okay let's see here a lot of some
Technicolor says who the fuck thought it
was a good idea to put robots in a Gears
of War game it's like these new
developers don't understand that the
appeal of the game is shooting and
chainsawing big-ass monsters yes like
that isn't it that's a very true
statement and I mean like what is it
some some of someone just wanted to like
put their stamp on it or like it's got
to be different something's got to be
different and they don't think about
like what they can do to make it
different but still have the same feel
as the original you know it's got to be
different
and yes Chad it is very boring sorry
standard its standard mochi b85 says
what's what's worse playing a shooter
with a controller or playing a shooter
on Mac with a trackpad because the they
the only options I got right now hashtag
frowny face I'm a trackball trackballs
can work sometimes it's like again you
know you're aiming with your thumb and
that's a problem
track the here's the great thing here
here's the double-edged sword about the
trackpad yeah trackpad tracks finger
movement which is great it's insanely
accurate because it's your finger and
you get that same Mouse control but only
even a little bit more because you can
actually like move your finger a little
bit
the only problem is to shoot on a
trackpad you have to push down right so
while you are incredibly accurate you
can't shoot and don't even try to
right-click and do anything so it it
wouldn't be useful what what is better
what trackball or analog stick
bubbly and analog stick check for
accurate same with my butter network
better name with there's only answer
this familiar with the mouse because
you're one of those controller real good
so if they're good forget that I need
your fucking opinion analog stick or
trackball thumb trackball I think I
think with the trackball I I had issues
I have a trackball Mouse okay you had
issues and I had issues there you know
moving it didn't have game because it's
still the thumb there's everyone saying
track ball is more accurate trackball if
you know how to use it
aiming on trackball moving on thumb
stick I'm not a big fan of the trackball
I haven't tried it before as my mask I'm
just curious about it yeah oh it's here
anonymous says Jack and rich have you
guys played at vent rising originally on
the Xbox originally and largely thought
of as a flop I thought it was a hidden
gem sorry I will put it on the list
extreme penguin 82 my little son is
having a blast watching while my wife is
annoyed by my laughing and I'm glad jack
understands mouse and keyboard love you
guys yeah I get it now I get it now and
I'm glad I made I made it there I'm like
you get it no but it's well I guess this
Jenna's not so bad
yeah but for ages it was a pan fun when
they only wanted evolution on the
consoles yeah it's fine
halo Gears of War no oh I can't really
play any of it even vanquished even
though I don't know how that works with
a gamepad it works fucking great yeah
vanquish fucking by the way when it
comes to cover based shooters because
technically speaking vanquishes cover
based it blows fucking gears of wars out
of the goddamn water star Harville says
why hasn't anyone made a controller that
replaces the thright thumb stick with a
trackball wasn't that one of Valve's
early ideas with their steam controller
it was like a trackball
yeah I think so try try it it's not as
good as you think it would be is what
I'll tell you
atomic my strap says the new Doom Patrol
comic was amazing this isn't a
recommendation or anything I just really
I'm really fucking happy its back and
want everyone to know ok great let's see
here you know there is a co-op game that
would bring a beautiful smile to the
faces of the son-of-a-bitch next to you
that game is Raymond and you would love
it
PS the son of a bitch was rich Raymond's
are great
it's on the list of games for us to play
and gobbledygook says hey guys I'm
trying to exercise more and as an
incentive I'm looking for audiobooks so
far I have the Sun diver ready player
one and wool on my list do you have any
other newer sci-fi any other
recommendations I do it but I can tell
you that an audio book that I listened
to recently that I really loved was Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency as
read by oh god what do I was our third
know who wrote Dirk Gently
Douglas Adams thank you I always forget
his name read by Douglas Adams and so it
is a witty British novel read by a witty
British man and it is wonderful that is
a wonderful audio hook can't change the
character I play can you change the
character you play us can do that uh-huh
can you do that if you can and you get
to plays Marcus oh you son of a bitch oh
great yep we can do that hey Jack you
want our job put the rest of this co-op
I'm just playing together how do you
change characters you'd probably in your
options hold on once we start in the
game play again we'll try it
yeah well yeah let's see if I hit hit
start options mature content what color
blusher content what does it default to
uh I'm good I got carded when I bought
this game I bought it at Target that's
stupid right go to your options are then
you reload last checkpoint restart
options no I don't see any options to
change characters there's gotta be a
wedding right yeah
Jack get the long dark teatime of the
soul read by Douglas Adams it's even
better sequel to Dirk gently's oh okay
yeah I will I loved listening to Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency let's
see here I know you get too many game
suggestions but thumper seems like a
game that you too would enjoy and would
give chat enjoy watching your faces
thumper okay
I'll add it to the list what is thumper
Oh trying to sell us that a thing you
can't just say the name unless the name
is really fucking awesome
thumper okay add it thumper all right
well well yeah look at the do this is a
quick video quick switch it's a good gun
oh yeah that's right
detective vision I can do that to say
hey I'm gonna do it too is that fun is
that fun for you I do always like
switching to it like it's not like right
now I have my pistol out and then
usually want it to cutscene you always
have your big gun and so it's like I
usually like get really pissed about
that yeah come on you can't get my
character the gun I was holding why do
you have your pistol up listen today I'm
not this lot
it's like sometimes I have my shotgun
but then they show me with my Lancer oh
my god it's Marcus Fenix he's not even
like a great character he's just so much
better than Nathan flake I think it's
all John DiMaggio yeah
it's all John imagine yeah but you got a
great voice but you like being Marcus
Venus you like being the badass yeah in
a high action game yeah yeah I like
ripping apart the monsters with my bare
hands and chainsaw gun yeah
bender is here yep how do I switch
characters yeah I don't know V how do I
switch Carrick I don't know if you can
be Marcus bullshit well we'll see you
shit when the game starts up again we
will see
that wasn't completely accurate god damn
it James listen you have no idea what's
actually happening here should be
stricter to the games we play your game
critics after all it seems every game is
either great or fine even when you seem
obviously bored this game actually does
start to pick up a bit yeah I've played
a little bit past what week after what I
got it was all terrible if the whole
game were that bad
yeah it gets better and it's even this
stuff is fine like a pop possibly part
of our boredom is just the fact that
both rich and I have played this before
but it's fine it's it's nothing special
joking aside we thought were worse we've
been vocal about it we've been very
vocal about hating shit oh yeah your
girl against a hold on see if it gives
you some sort of option can i disconnect
myself huh whatever we restart the
chapter here hold on hold on so return
your main man it's not that big a deal
it's real huh yes for not that big a
deal
oh let's just see if it's an option okay
so now campaign co-op local split-screen
yes now you press ENTER and then we will
continue it well load yeah radical son
let's see if it gives you an option to
choose probably won't but you don't
start with some of the party anyway
there's this way to choose at all the
other guy del I guess this is this
characters are so memorable yeah though
I believe it's del Rita Rey
definitely right I can't set oh wait
here you go play left to right
we're dealing with this first plays cat
I don't have a controller easier easier
use your keyboard and left and right
oh just cater Kate or Dell that's how
you get to choose you fucking shit me
you can't be like this
those jerks wait why do I have this gun
because we were started I never had this
gun gosh darn it I don't want this gun
dumbass the gun there's another gun away
yeah I want this gun is a always a cool
gun
well you know thousands of enemies
descend on you and they give up I got
the sniper rifle five shots that sounds
fair yep crap
that's my persona
nope totally missed again
how dik-dik it's born to watch probably
okay to play it is like it's fine it's
you guys like fine is not necessarily a
negative it's not necessarily a positive
it's fine it's also like the for know I
know the internet wants extreme
negativity and extreme positivity but
I'm sorry yeah the middle ground exists
it's really true
look at as far as like a lot of shooters
shooters that aren't even trying like
uncharted this is leagues above Oh God
leaves above uncharted lows scuse me or
or the order oh my god remember the
order I try not to yes let's watching
that the other day yeah I played through
Oh God right
we'd be liars and frauds and charlatans
if we exaggerated every opinion we had
oh I can't even believe they called this
a game right right no that's that better
get old and you guys hopefully and we
still do that a lot it's one we haven't
a strong opinion right
well like hopefully you guys would see
right through that like you can't have
such an extreme opinion for every single
goddamn thing let's see here I know you
guys know are you guys able to set up
twitch cheer system in your channel you
would you would drown in pennies also
that yellow devil behind you seems to be
enjoying the stream and is giving it a
thumbs up
yes yes I have so far there's a new
chant thing that is kind of twitches
version of the stream tip which is the
cheers and you can you can give us a
cheers and little gems pop up in the
chat yeah and I have not enabled that
yet just because it seems like another
thing in the chat too much shit it's end
it we're teetering on too much it even
if I hear enough people say that they
want me to enable cheers I will like so
we got one yeah yeah you're the first
person who's ever said they've wanted it
I I won't I'll answer so Cindy Eric
grenades some bayonet Lancer or the
other one oh you need the chainsaw
Lancer man the custom Lancer course come
on man you don't variety it's the spice
of something maybe I'll take the the
longshot as the as my secondary I've
been using the shotgun as my second day
we will try the long shot can you zoom
in with this should you buy this game
you're on the fence
well kingi's 15 um what do you what do
you expect out of it what are you
looking for what are your expectations
excellent question if you like gears for
its characters I don't think many people
really do then this is a strong deep
provement in every way possible I think
people like Marcus Fenix I think people
like being Marcus Fenix sure you would
you would you like playing as a
half-assed Nathan Drake clone would that
make you happy the same gears gameplay
but a half ass uncharted fun absolutely
for the main character yes
if you like the action gameplay so far
I'm not liking the enemy types as much
these robot soldiers suck ass but we're
like a third of the way through right
now
but as far as third person shooters
going decent combat that's right I can't
change that anybody yet yeah it's solid
it's rock solid it's
I really want to do the melee on this oh
yeah you can't do it on the robots you
can't no not on these robots really
really really I I tried to do it and
they wouldn't let me do it I need to
double-check this why'd you say the
whole weaponry or maybe business that'd
be the worst idea
good god dammit
yeah just go behind the wall and my
wounds will heal true
that's a giant selling point up the game
know a lot I feel like betta so we were
trying too hard
there's a lot of shit in this game
people say shit a lot in this game
that's their that's everyone's swear you
want to try a little bit too much yeah
you definitely want to try to ma'am I'm
getting some ammo I thought I was gonna
smell a lot of long shot ammo already
and I thought I could ya know
where where is it you get like none from
the crates no I mean there were like
long shot things in here but apparently
they're all gonna live shots out of it
it's not worth it I took down that
helicopter pretty nicely
yeah maybe there's more downstairs hold
onto it I don't care that much hey blue
egging okay yeah you wanna cry chainsaw
these guys all those the big ones
I'm assuming you can't on them but the
regular size guys I'm gonna find
I don't think you can but I mean yeah we
can try also you have you have you have
the chainsaw on the the chainsaw is what
I'm saying the chance that doesn't work
on them you don't know I've used a
chainsaw on them I've used the chainsaw
on the regular-sized robots oh you were
trying it on the big fat ones I guess
maybe this Howard doesn't unless I'm
using it wrong I've never used this
weapon yeah you have any other night
that sucks huh now I'm what a chainsaw
will answer god damn it
world is not fair well gopher get a
chance I'll answer we go back I'm gonna
try nope I've decided I want a different
gun where is it oh I bet you can get a
chainsaw answer somewhere else yeah I
know you can get out of parents nope
oh I bet you can go back now yeah go
back now I'll hold them off
I don't know where to go yeah
up here this way down
oh it's blocked off it's okay yeah
there'll be more later alright alright
alright
game I see what you're cooking
I see what you're cooking okay we were
also enabled leucism if enough people
want it yes because you know I know you
guys buy cheers in bulk and then give
them you buy cheers in bulk and then you
give them to streamers periodically and
you know yeah that's how that's how the
cheers system works and so yeah if I
hear from enough people that they're
buying tears and that's how they want to
help support the channel absolutely rich
says gobbledygook Shadow Warrior 2 came
out this week would you give it a try if
someone gifted it maybe eventually down
the road I got too many fucking games I
want to play you just not you guys stop
telling me what I need to play next rich
has a plan and we were jackass derailed
it with this not to you I have pushed it
back slightly I have pushed it back
slightly with this but that was work so
rich has AB quest if that's a word and
so already I'm pushing I'm pushing rich
out of his plan Cheers
so basically Cheers art which fun bucks
yeah kind of you know you pay $10 and
then for every cheer that you give like
you spend 25 cents into $10 and the
streamer sees a little bit of that and
you get a little animated gif of of gems
in the chat and that's basically like
and if that's how you want to help
support then that's great nope you're on
my team right
no I wanted to do the yang come over
moon but fine if you want to do it
stupid character whoa
