Episode 220
Take the Bullet (part 2)
November 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRTzH3nnprQ
___________________________________________

nope usually you know the government is
designed for gridlock usually Senate in
the house will strangle the president
and vice versa nobody can get anything
done yeah you need a vast majority of
people to agree on something before any
serious changes can be made our system
I hope you don't have any Muslim friends
who'll be persecuted and deported
because you weren't comfortable blaming
the system that's not gonna happen
that's not gonna happen
for one nobody's talking about deporting
legal citizens who are Muslims yes
Trump is legal citizens are absolutely
legal Muslim citizens well then I think
that's unconstitutional and the Supreme
Court would strike it down unless you
don't have to worry about that unless
the Supreme Court nominations this is
what people are worried about it's
getting to the point where I'm almost
gonna vote for Trump just because I'm
sick of people telling me that that I
have to vote for Hillary to keep him
from getting in no you don't have to and
and everyone who's getting up I'm I'm on
the verge of a fuck you vote that would
be horrible obviously you're joking rich
isn't you and no one does no one has to
you don't have to vote that's not a rule
I'm not gonna be we're not gonna be
those people we're not gonna be those
people we're gonna be better than that
president doesn't need approval to
launch nukes well true I think he'd be
hard-pressed to find somebody who would
actually push the button if Trump
actually gave an order to launch nukes
for some asinine reason III honestly I
honestly believe at that point there
would be a coup in this country what
does it take to get a coup it takes
general that's true with a lot of loyal
troops that's true that's all it's all
it takes I have heard one that I've
heard we almost had one in this country
not recently no not recently what
President was that is it Roosevelt
I've read the other day that we almost
had a coup some some general put a stop
to it
Franklin or Teddy I don't remember I
mean Teddy no one would do that just
because they were scared of him Franklin
I guess I could see he had a lot of you
know socialist stuffs that sounds like
yeah you turn it into counties Teddy I
could see Teddy doing it just as a joke
Teddy he'll get a kick out of this
look I'm not voting for president and
you're not gonna change my mind it's
fine
that's fine and yeah for everyone who's
like a you know a die-hard Hillary
supporter and you're you're trying to
get you know people to switch people
aren't gonna switch in the getting your
get your base out people we have we have
an entitled criminal and a buffoon that
compared that compared to a serial
killer but still all right all right
nothin there rich let's let's settle
down we have a career politician who
nobody seems to like because she's a
career politician and we have there's
there's a there fool there's a sense of
entitlement that just oozes out of her
pores and insincerity she's not a
likable politician she's not a likable
politician I will agree with you on that
I don't I don't see the entitlement I
think I think she that's just her
advertising I don't see the entirety but
she's not likable that is fo sho I want
to see like I should be able to jump up
on these
all right um sorry Jen says random
question of the day
favorite energy drinks monster in the
white snowy can for me nectar of the
Gods also Jack yeah got the email back
from steam support they said no anyway
oh well I guess and you know Sarah maybe
it was your so said a while ago sorry
gifted me slash us don't starve together
and we were talking about playing at one
night and I said we already had a copy
and the copy we've had might have been
the one you gifted us I don't know I
don't know I'm very sorry about the
confusion sorry I'm very very sorry
I feel like I'm doing something wrong
but I can't think of a better option
here
what about favorite energy drink
favorite and uh if I have to choose I
would go with Nas you know you know
nitrous oxide and nos mm-hm that's
usually my go-to if not I like monster
I'm okay with monster or full throttle
they all taste like ass they do energy
drinks are for mean they're they're
purely just for for functionality I need
I need energy I need to be awake no they
all taste like ass so the ones I usually
go with or the 5-hour energy drinks just
like a quick chug and they're you know
yeah they're effective
that's taste like Mountain Dew terrible
gobbledygook says California always goes
to the Democrat yeah oh wait did I write
this I read this one I read that one
yeah no and you know in Wisconsin we're
we're strange where our local our local
politicians are always Republican but
presidentially we always go
we always go Democrat which is very
strange it's you know why it's cuz not a
lot of people good go out for local
elections that's what's more important
that's it's more important people local
elections game child UK says respect
your point
totally Trump went to Paul Ryan's
district and WI brought up Ryan's name
and the masses booed would it be funny
if Ryan lost his seat the GOP is
definitely a splitter from main GOP I
think I think we're in a political
situation right now
where both parties want to be split into
the far left and the the kind of right
left the center-right left there they
wanted they want to be a part yep the
same thing their religious right and
then your your records in fiscal
conservatives yeah it really should be a
poor party system I think but that would
be nice that would be nice
that uh that would be nice
turtle Malaya says you can certainly
abstain voting in the president
presidential election Robert you should
still go vote on any special balance and
local representation absolutely we are
the system regrettably difference
locally man I've only said I'm not
voting for president so yeah I know if
you if you really want to change
something you have got to make it local
this level and I know I said this about
the last level half man half cat says
rich thank you for staying based and not
giving in to the propaganda from both
sides that it's your duty it's
manipulative and deceptive they don't
give a shit about you just your vote
yeah no shit no shit what ever you know
if I were going if I were going to be
voting for Trump would they be saying
the same things no they'd be like no
yeah stay home yeah yeah you're doing
the right thing I would change
everything you know oh sure yeah yeah
you don't have to vote no no no you
don't have to vote November 25th that's
one voting is written November 25th
thanks Lucas
so push the barrels first get rolling
dr. do it up says to further the hot
political debate yeah if you had to
portrait Donald Trump in a satirical way
let's say an animal what would he be
well no we all know he's a baboon look
at that hair orangutan actually
orangutan that baboon
damn and I fucked that up really good
he's an orangutan look master fix says
yes rich make a protest vote like all
those Brits who didn't think the UK
would leave the EU no no that was a
different that was a different situation
it wasn't a protest that was just they
didn't vote no no they did go the the
the aftermath of brexit they've just
what they've discovered is all of the
politicians who were for leaving the EU
yeah didn't really want to leave the EU
yeah
but they rallied up their base hoping
that they would lose yep so then that
they could position themselves
politically later no no I wanted to
leave I mean of course we're still in
but I wanted to leave I could have made
things so much better if the the gambit
the the thing that fucked them was that
they won and I you know I I think I've
said this on stream I forget but I think
the same is true about Donald Trump I
don't believe he wants to be President I
think he wants I see I think this is
what I have to do like I think he wants
to run and he wants to lose so that he
can all he can just say like I would
have done a better job and then he has a
lifetime of book sales and speaking
events yeah and now he has a giant fan
base
who will listen to him and buy his books
a fan base that did not exist before he
got into the political I think oh maybe
I got a flip by the way have they exited
yet have they Briggs it it yet they have
not breakfast nothing came of it anyway
well they they're not going to they're
not going to they know it's dumb well of
course it's dumb they're just never
gonna get around to it eventually
they're just gonna try and pretend it
didn't happen year and a half now
somebody's gonna ask so what about the
the invoking of the clause to get us out
of the well things have changed I used
to think what Jack is saying is true no
no like it's gone on way too far he did
not expect to get this far I think Trump
expected is he proposing to poo he
didn't expect to get this far and so
he's milking it all the way thinking
he's going to lose and then then he has
himself a career that's his retirement
plan
if he wins he he has actual presidential
policies that will damn him like you
know he'll be a bad president and that
won't do good for book sales anyone
anyone got any ideas here for which oh
how to solve this well yeah anyone got
any ideas chance I don't know and so
that like all he because if you think
about it like all Trump is doing
Trump is really good at igniting the
base right mm-hm yeah he doesn't care
about the middling people he wants he
wants an active audience so he ignites
the base all these people saying the
most harsh horrible things he can just
to all the all the the bay the the the
the assholes listen to him right then he
grows his fan base because what was his
fan base before I you know he was a
millionaire he was on a TV show what are
you planning on doing with this burger
what's been kind of working is if I do
this and then jump and dive I flip up
and I can get a little bit of air you're
hurt and I'm a hoping that might see
like can you do a normal jump up there
on top of the barrels and ride the
barrels it hasn't been working great the
normal jump on top of the barrels oh you
know what actually what if what if I
just down
oh I think I think I know what your
something here like once they start
rolling yeah yeah you can do that you
can do like flippies and that gets you
some air
what about those boxes on the left okay
so they have stairs but again I had with
those there before yeah exactly in this
pattern
yeah well but like I don't think that's
I mean in the last last one yeah no
that's so that's something new but so
are the barrels let's see I don't think
that's tall enough to get up there you
know he's already dead let's try yep
yeah soon as you hit those chairs fall
down nope that's definitely not it as
soon as you touch a chair you fall down
so that's definitely not it I'm gonna
continue with my my barrel plan here
that's totally not it it's totally not a
cartwheel this was a cartwheel what's
behind the stage whoa good that's a good
question
Pilar's just pillows crumble the pillars
and the pillar supporting anything
yeah or anybody no see he's up there
he's proposing the Putin he would think
that I was just like jump across the
pillars I cannot figure out how to do
this one
NX is going to be officially revealed
tomorrow morning whoo yeah let me take a
look moving already
see like my foot got in the way so it's
like if you're able to time that just
right I oh I know I'm reaching but
that's all I got
traitor - Zeke that's all I got traitor
does each traitor - Zeke what's what's
going on anyway you're not gonna get
more than two viable choices unless
America or rather the states switches to
a clone proof voting system I don't
understand what clone for voting system
means yes we touch the chairs are down I
don't think that's it oh wow oh did the
debate start the debates have started so
you know oh you can push stuff with -
yeah
there's just not enough time there's not
enough time Hillary just moonwalked on
stage with Mikey Cyrus and the beep
who's Mikey Cyrus is that Miley's
brother
anonymous says politicians aside we need
to lobby for campaign finance reform and
guaranteed free and fair elections there
are a couple groups like Wolfpack trying
to bring democracy back to actual
citizens yeah you know I mean I agree
that like I think citizens united is one
of the worst rulings ever the whole the
whole super PAC system you know or
politicians can spend unlimited monies
as long as it's not really the
politicians that's crazy
what are your opinions on the WikiLeaks
that came on the past day says anonymous
video evidence came up that shows
manipulation and to high-ranking Hillary
supporters got fired retired will it
influence the outcome no no if there was
any McDonald Trump isn't gonna win no
he's not gonna win no there's too many
people that are terrified of crumpled
yeah it Hillary could actually it could
come out that she was a serial killer
her her basement they could start
pulling bodies out of her basement and
she will be president yes yes I believe
that to be true
and I don't think there's anything
significant in the WikiLeaks or else we
all would have known about it I know
like there's just not there's just
nothing that I I don't I don't think
they're gonna find anything I know it is
dubious the whole the whole WikiLeaks
thing in general is dubious because you
know they found like a Russian element
to it like Russia and Russian hackers
are helping release
females yeah that's crazy so the but now
I don't think it will have any effect I
think I think Trump has a large and
vocal Trump has vocal supporters online
but not a very large base and I think
you're gonna find what happens to him is
the kind of the same thing that happened
to Bernie Sanders where like he was just
everywhere online but he didn't have the
numbers on Election Day I think that's
what we're gonna find okay chunk master
flex rich I was referring to you saying
you should vote for Trump because
everyone's telling you what to do
okay Jack I'm sort of with your theory
with your Trump theory I think he wants
to run but not be president kind of a
bucket list
how long could you have fun hanging out
with an exact copy of you and zero zero
minutes it would be too freaky yeah yeah
yeah
mostly just because I think if it was an
exact copy of me we would be sitting in
silence because you know you would you
would know all the things you would you
tell each other so it's not there's not
much insight you would be no I would
like to see do you remember that
horrible thing we did Brian Turner do
you remember do you remember that thing
that's the first time I've ever been
able to talk about this to anybody but
you wouldn't be talking about it with
someone you just be talking to yourself
about it I'd love to put on a disguise
and write this one's crazy is it just me
or is Trump not his orange Oh in the
debate did he tone down the the spray-on
tan maybe maybe
who's got yeah like if you kind of jump
and dive you kind of can get you can
come not convinced but I can't see
anything else right makes sense that's
exactly where I got to you can push
things but I don't think there's
anything to push you know and you can't
push the barrels because like jump death
I need more height your legs kind of
flip up sometimes Rich's tried the boxes
that I did the boxes are not
time-consuming and they don't get you up
there the boxes are not the answer there
are the pillars but I don't see what the
pillars would do you know can you push
the pillars oh wait wait a minute that
pillar kind of exploded could that that
explosion knocked Trump out
how did that happen
hey hit that other part that pillar
closest to the left the pillar closest
to the barracks why when you hit that
one one of the pillars new Trump
exploded
fluke free I don't know why can't you
push the barrels if you try pushing the
barrels you fall over
Jack you can't burst through the
platform Rumpy standing on it I come off
can you I guess I've never tried
attacking the platform his salmon can
you just push the platform he's standing
have you been overthinking this yeah
well you can't knock into it but try it
hold it putting two on it and just like
pushing it over what about before you
reach it restart and head over that one
that pop phone looks a little bit
different is there something
Oh
can you get it there I don't think so
can't imagine so we run across that
would be great right right you tried
running to the right and running up the
brown boxes yeah yeah even if you can
make it to that tallest box it's not
tall enough to get you up on the
platform cuz I gotta get up there quick
and all of the chairs on the box is
prevent you from getting up there so
so yeah that we know about that
have you tried turning it off and
turning it on again the boxes are a
no-go yeah well if you push the barrels
into the columns I don't understand what
that's gonna do but no
Oh No tyranny source wrecks it has a
sniff counter wait hyperactive Saab says
Jack I read the walkthrough you jumped
carefully up on the top of the red
barrels and jump dive to the rum so are
you not supposed to move them you just
are supposed to jump on the top of the
barrels oh you know maybe if you jump
like from this way like from the flat
side jump carefully to the top of the
red barrels and jump dive into the rump
this is actually the easiest one to
complete took me three tries once I
found the solution
I need him there don't quote carefully I
right right
third sniff we got we got third sniff
he's sniffing Oh
okay well that's something I guess
now so you can get on the platform
you gotta try jump dive into the
platform yeah just have to be moving I'm
sorry
gobble-gobble stone I'm sure this isn't
fury ting to watch it's also infuriating
to play the fun the fun ran out on this
mission well we're having a lot from the
for this we were they say you know what
and it was neat in the beginning and now
like this one is just this is this
mission is okay well you that you got
closer that time yeah I think you still
have to push a bit apparently yeah I was
having a hard time jumping up I couldn't
jump up there that was my pride
what am i giving up yet
I'm going for the audience well I'm for
the ankle when I might have had enough
height right yeah rich has got to get
the barrels closer to the platform then
jump on the platform and knock Trump
down
you're getting closer I fee it feels
like you're getting closer I know the
only winning move is not to play I get
it it's dude shaman up until this point
this game was a lot of goofy fun and
this level you know just sucks button
what's the one the only winning move is
not to play the only winning move is not
to play as a quote from the movie credit
to the platform bridge to the platform
why to the platform you so you can knock
Trump over don't worry about timing for
the bullet you want to knock him over
right that's the thing Sarah Chen at
this point I just want to see I just
want to see the level completed I want
to see us win and I know we can I know
we can I made it through that last one
which I thought was impossible
there's a great idea Jack that was a
great idea
can't make it to the platform
predator is an easy vote over aliens I
love predator
I love predator so much predator is one
of the greatest movies that one who
would win a fight
oh no just I saw someone say predator
and alien I was like who cares about
that and predator is just the greatest
movie
I'll take aliens over printer door any
day what we mean would yes I think
that's crazy talk I would take predator
over alien or aliens movie wise anyway
well super flip aliens is in my list of
best movies ever made I mean I don't
disagree with you you know I like aliens
I like alien better than aliens but
that's just person predator is largely
just another dumb Arnold Schwarzenegger
film yes and your problem with this is
what exactly
no I love brother predator predators
great I could watch predator over and
over and over again
oh I know you guys are wrong alien
aliens then predator what is your
opinion of I don't know who that is
predator is just one of those one of
those textbook perfect action movies
just it's tense it's got a little sci-fi
element it's got Arnold Schwarzenegger
you can't go wrong
it's got fucking uh it's got a let you
do a whole lot better by watching aliens
what's this now what's his name now I
forgot the other guy Jenny the might
even sure know who Carl Weathers Carl
Weathers in it done
Indian man who could forget Indian man
spirits and and indigenous woman honey
how long are we giving this huh how long
are we giving this
I'd really like to if you're done I'd
like to give it a few more goes yeah I
would really like to finish this level
you can give it to it you know give it
to nine in solid three two and a half
hours out of it
Jagr do i endu you like any metal bands
um like I'm not super into the thrash
like thrashy hard stuff I'm okay with
metal in general but no wait it's alone
but so you know no like not super into
like metal metal I like hard rock I like
some things that are influenced by metal
but you know do flip
predator to is is dumb fun it's no
predator that predator - I just don't
think you're gonna get I'm not sure if
you're gonna get the height
perfect perfect perfect
rich west coast 76 says just roll the
barrels and jump on the platform it
isn't that hard well obviously it is
we're trying to do it I've seen
playthroughs and this level is not in
better it says traitor two's each I
wonder why that is
I don't I don't know
soft rock ballads I do not like soft
rock ballads no the only rock is hard
rock yeah otherwise it should be called
rock but like you know in the in the 80s
there's like an obligatory like every
metal band needed their ballad that
would be there always shit and they're
always shit always shit well I'm okay
with Phil Collins okay I don't love Phil
Collins
I don't hate Phil cones I'm okay with
some of what Phil Collins does and that
there's nothing wrong with that there's
nothing wrong with being okay with some
of the things Phil Collins does in the
air tonight is a great song they got it
rolling too fast again number right but
I get real I don't get it rolling fast
enough I won't get over there it's a
conundrum
West Coast note you're right November
rain shit song
metal ballad with eight minutes of
guitar songs shit song done
they're looking at playthroughs only -
and I can't find this level on the
playthroughs on YouTube
interesting indeed because this level
sucks because we've made it further than
anyone who's ever let's play this game
rich we're going into uncharted
territories I wouldn't be that hard on
this game what was that a Star Trek Joe
Charlie any chance we could get a halo
one legendary cone from you guys I'm not
playing a fucking first-person shooter
with a goddamn fucking clumsy controller
if halo can go fuck itself if it comes
to PC I think the first one technically
it is I'll just you find a copy of it
off there somewhere okay none of the
other ones are so I'm not getting into
it okay okay
I must be tired you know
sighing I look tired we've had a lot of
I've had a lot of late nights I'm good
at three more fries okay had a lot of
late nights left last few nights good
you know fun nights quit late nights so
yeah a little tired didn't have my
second pot of coffee today like I
normally have two more tries okay try to
dizzy says a complete playthroughs this
level is just not in there that's very
strange
traitor dizzy chime I don't know what is
together I don't know what's going on
late nights or I work this is the last
trip
I like late nights but we've been
getting a little too I mean I'm just up
usually anyway but we've been getting a
little too late last couple of minutes
alright he's not jumping up Larry we're
here but none of us knows what are the
chances that you guys do a mario party
stream zero well one
what are you feeling some Mario Party
yeah I guess one percent ten percent
this is gonna help us
okay I'm okay with Myra party you know
it all just boils down to luck and how
fast you can press the button
that's all Mario Party is oh that's
terrible yeah so it's you know I think
there's a lot that's actually not good
about my rebuttal but there are the fun
games see this is what happens to me
when I just jump up there what were you
you've raised some space to jump up
there right yeah look I can't even jump
up there doing slow-motion let it let it
gonna let it get ahead of you like a
little bit little tiny bit and then
jumping forward push stop then space it
forward I mean the same thing for the
top one all right I'm gonna give this
whole jump on the platform thing try
rich I think that's the wrong approach
but you do that the chap mal cassis is
asking richard jack what one thing would
you want to experience see in your
lifetime if you could choose like to see
Beetlejuice got supernova one of the
stars in Orion okay it's an old star
near the end of its life it's expected
to blow up and it would be a big blow up
if it'd probably be quite a sight in the
night sky could go at any moment
actually just due to the way these
things work you could already be dead
right we just haven't seen it yeah
come on
oh I don't know one thing I want to see
in my lifetime
I don't have a good answer for that I'm
really sorry that's fine I'm really
sorry I you know in general I want to
travel more I would love to I'd love to
hang out I'd love to go to some
countries I've never been to before yes
yes beetle GE you wasn't seee or SC not
not not the film that's why I was very
confused yeah I want to see the film go
supernova this there's a star named
Betelgeuse and I believe that's where
this film gets its name I don't know I'm
gonna be wrong but gene you see whatever
Cesc I'm not sure how to smell I'm not
sure how to spell it I don't know things
I just know I'd like to see it blow up
it would be awesome gets sad a giant
astral body exploding it's part of a
major constellation
yeah freakin Orion yeah Ryan so easy to
spot oh so you got a jump the other way
because the bullets going up if you jump
the other way you don't need as much
height just got a timing right jack I
don't know I feel like if I would have
gotten a little bit closer I would have
been able to jump on the platform and
knock him down
I don't know rich might be right it's
pretty close that time you're not gonna
get up there we're gonna keep going
we're gonna keep trying yes it is the
brightest star in Iran
nope
oh the debate the debate is getting bad
already of course I don't I don't know
if they still do it I don't know how
official it is you know like the star
registering yeah pay to have a star any
man I don't think it was ever officially
yeah yeah there's a star somewhere off
Oh Ryan shoulder named after babe oh
yeah yeah it was a birthday present I
was much younger oh you know what Saint
I was a nerd I was considered a good
birthday present for me yeah uh here's
the thing
Chet I think rich is right I don't think
there's there's get there's any getting
up on this platform I think you got I
think I got to ride this out until we
get until we get closer I think we'll
ever make contact with an alien species
it's hard to say you know what that's
something I would like to see I I think
it depends upon how possible faster than
Allied travel is well not how possible
just whether or not it is possible
that's something I would like to see
speaking of things I would like to see I
would like to see an alien you know just
like what is it what kind of freaky shit
is out there in the universe is it
humanoid is it a big ball of gas is it a
plant I think you have a better chance
of intercepting a signal from an alien
civilization well I'm sure I get maybe
that's it you know what I don't even
want to meet one I just want to see one
I just want I want to see one and know
if it exists in order to see one they
would have to come here yeah we're not
going to them anytime soon right
hmmm maybe it is getting up in the
flatform jack I don't know I I don't
know either it's it's it's crazy
this game is crazy
this has to be a taller jump but if you
do the Flip can you dive mid flip oh
that's that's a take some practice here
you can but that doesn't necessarily get
you higher
I'm trying to find the the the tallest
way to jump
maybe nobody has ever finished this
level of this level is not on YouTube
walkthroughs it's actually impossible
Jack right and you considered that yes I
have considered that it's quite possible
that whoever made this game just said ah
fuck at this level
what does pressing shift mid-jump do I
have no idea what does pressing shift
mid-jump do what does pressing shift and
that's a great question
oh shit actually makes you walk now so
like you know you default run shift
makes you walk oh hold on let's try
something
and you could get on top of that second
barrel and walk you know maybe that
would make that easier
I don't know if that affected my jump at
all pressing shift in jump so the
attempt now is to walk while on top of
the barrels that is what I'm gonna try
so we're gonna push him a little bit
ah I don't know guys
I don't I don't think it's the platform
I don't think rich is necessarily right
with jumping towards the bullet mm-hmm I
don't
I just don't know I just don't know
right so I don't know what the answer is
I don't know what to tell you jack I
mean I I have I've officially given up
right if there's another wrestling thing
I wouldn't be against checking that out
yeah you know you're not getting the
height needed for that way either yeah
it's amazing how quickly this turn by
the way it's just this these two levels
everyone was loving this game this game
is the greatest thing ever and now this
is horrible turn it off yeah how quickly
things change or slowly things changed
how long we've been doing this one level
yeah 30 minutes on the on the other side
of the stage our boxes and the boxes are
hard to be we've played around with the
boxes hey for anyone who's new the boxes
are hard to climb and don't get you the
height needed to to get up there anyway
it's called level design it's just what
you know I want to believe that there's
a solution but you know there might not
be
I just tried to move who says I just
tried to find a solution to this and the
steam forms yeah but it's nothing but
people getting super butthurt over this
game oh oh sure just because it's
political yeah that's funny
destroying the columns and then jumping
on the stumps to get up there is
somebody suggestion wait it wasn't a
kick a button yeah well you know you
can't fall down because if you fall down
that just takes too much time yeah
and you can't touch chairs see if you
touch a chair you fall down the whole
thing with this level is pushing things
you know these stages this this world
yeah this stage is all about pushing
things I don't think we're gonna do a
jack I'm ready to call it you might be
right I'm gonna give it a little bit
longer let's just fight we'll find some
fines him to talk about because I'm a
stubborn dickhead
yeah what do you got what do you got we
talking about beetlejuice blowing up
that's pretty cool what else do you want
to blow up
okay what else do you want to see
blow-up moderators get ready the debates
do you want to see the debates blow up I
think most people wants no you know what
I think most people are are getting a
fine entertainment value out of the
debates which is looking up a
walkthrough right now
I find this level yeah he's finding it
rich is fine of it he's pushing the
thing okay which looks different than I
did
yeah that was a it was different it was
like two levels ago
yeah nothing you got nothing I don't see
all of the barrels
okay I'm going back to my original idea
did you do this woman roars in this one
but then again I wasn't watching it
stares off the side yeah
are there stairs off to the side not
this one
this is it bitch I got it I got it I got
it I got it I got it
yeah it's a walker I don't wanna see you
dancing around walking around just show
us the Walker
I can going back to my original idea
here oh wait was that it
that wasn't very hopeful wonder what did
they show
I think this is supposed to be that
stage after this he dances for like an
hour here I don't know what the fuck
happens here that's not it
yeah that's it they just can't see the
Pearl zone which is awful no that's not
it
how do you know there's none up the
platform isn't that is too long that is
not the same level this is a different
version of the game the level you guys
are seeing on the walkthrough is not the
same level this is what we have this is
what we got like this this no I think
this is it okay I think my original idea
of flinging my body you're you're you're
beating a dead horse actually you're
getting beaten by the dead horse yeah
and we've been doing it for an hour nah
it's not working jack and it's it's not
working what's gonna work not working
this is what's gonna work rich it's not
working
people are saying this level is recently
patched and it's not beatable yet what
this level is not beatable yet that
sounds absurd
wow that does sound absurd that would be
crazy if that were true this game cost
money
what the fuck
here
let me make it bigger so I can see that
one's not that obviously I'm not the
right spot look it's in here
the boxes so in this playthrough that
guy did the Box thing yep
which seems crazy because
then jump and at the height of your jump
blob yeah yeah yeah
where does he jump from on that
all right we have someone who did it on
the boxes
nope nope nope nope
turn it gosh darn it you know it's just
we've been doing it for so long where
you just you just want it to be true
just one there to be some sort of
justice to the world
why isn't dan Aykroyd a Scientologist
bizzy's not that type of kook he's a
hunting kook and an aliens coupe but
he's not a I don't know whatever the
fuck a Scientologist
type of kook is he's not that
get rid of the chairs he landed like
right at the edge of the crepe in front
of the chairs and then he jump from
there I mean I landed on that perfectly
then just a very odd yelling jump right
away though don't walk into the trim
just holding down the jump button which
makes you jump right away oh really yeah
nope
yes dan aykroyd definitely believes in
ghosts and AIDS
there's no way dan Aykroyd yes 100%
ghosts
alien believer
oh no you're going back to this Oh Oh
Jack Jack you gotta call it man you
gotta you gotta either do it the way we
saw that works or you got to call it
there's there's I don't believe the way
we saw we have video proof do this look
at this look at the height look that is
you didn't even cross the line of the
bullet Jack that was close rich I mean
we're all night on the stage and you
know what a person who designed this we
love you you got a great sense of humor
this is a lesson this is a lesson in
difficulty and you may have gone too far
breaks my body crossed the whole line my
body you may have gone too far in a few
places my body cross Johnny it did my
whole body crossed the line Jack if I
can time this right gamer child UK says
would you support a real life
Robocop program swimming access to their
coding and such being protected and
secured so no outside entity can affect
their programming well I think the big
issue is consent you can't turn somebody
into a robot without their consent and
they can't be programmed to do your
bidding
they can't be programmed a real live
Robocop what it would take me to agree
to such a program I don't think we need
a Robocop but I mean just in general
saving a life through cybernetics this
is a fine thing I'm fine with that
oh yeah I don't think we need a Robocop
but like I like you said we just we just
need to you know anyone who gets injured
give them robot parts but shoving a
bunch of electronics into their brain
you know if we're there why not
I need to figure out what's making it
what's making me launch because every
once in a while I'll do one and I'll
really lunch
what if they consent to being programmed
to do your bidding
well if they let's say they consent to
being programmed to do your bidding
let's just let's just throw that out
there okay are they are they criminally
responsible for things they are told to
do are they liable in any way go murder
those people no because like your
computer isn't liable when you you know
torrent stuff at that at that point
though they become not citizens they
become not human
so it wouldn't be murder to destroy one
dude to kill a cyborg yeah I'm gonna
program to do the bidding now some to
some extent that it depends on how much
free will is in there right
that's the question how much free will
is in the computer program maybe we have
none no that's a philosophical thing
Jack we might not chemicals playing on
the way you know they've been determined
to who ever since the Big Bang happened
we cycle cannot wait for sex robots
thoughts I mean I think I think that
means you can't get your own woman and
are mad but hey whatever floats your
boat I don't give a shit
look joke 'i'm winter says hi guys hi
rich I have just started an FTL
playthrough with the Jeevan Cruiser so
much fun beating enemy cruise to death
and never firing a shot now don't you
want to play FTL much-loved ex ex ex ex
ex ex ex I know there's a bit late for
that doubt yeah maybe if we stop this
half an hour ago when we should have
maybe then sorry Jen says so to ease the
pain here's some comforting and random
times which mythical and sentient beasts
would you be I'd be a Griffin because
that's badass and I can fly and destroy
things okay I hope you don't enjoy like
you know sitting in chairs being able to
use a keyboard he's going out to a
restaurant
so many things would be lost to you was
it Griffin but well you makes you happy
you'd be a badass and you know five you
everyone will be scared of you you
couldn't fit in your home comfortably
why would you need a home Stevie's gonna
live out like like let the rain fall on
your head are you gonna find a fucking
filthy cave
you couldn't you're a Griffin you can
have any home you may be thinking maybe
they could put you in a zoo you can live
in a castle your fucking Griffin do you
think you think just cuz you were a
Griffin they would give you a castle in
this day and age they're just gonna give
you a castle you can take it they would
shoot you
you're a fucking grave I would put you
down the snipers would put one through
your head
total wises Jack yeah if you don't beat
this and there is no juggling tutorial
then I will flip shit that's true that's
right I did not know that this game was
on the docket for tonight so I I had to
had some other games that I thought we
might play by the way yeah Jack yeah I
watched walkthrough of this level a
successful walkthrough
yeah and he's choosing not to do it that
way I choose not to believe the
walkthrough that he saw with his eyes
yeah yeah he's seen he has seen he knows
he knows it's in there he knows nice the
pokeman I'm sorry I'm sorry I wasn't
hover and I hit your head I'm sorry
he knows it's in there but a proper way
to do this and he is wilfully choosing
not to do it I am I am
is trying to do it the way that is not
proven and not successful hey yeah yeah
I just don't I don't believe it I saw
with my eyes and I don't believe it is
the truth of the situation what look I
mean I'm powerless Chad the only way I
could end this would be to physically
get into a fight with Jack right on the
stream and that might be fun for all of
you guys to watch but really it's just
gonna be a hissy fits laughs yeah yeah
make for some awkward streams after that
you know recommend any good horror
movies I haven't heard of the classics
the thing Elm Street etc never know much
of a horror movie guy horror comedy now
that's a different piece mm-hmm
evil did to arguably the best film ever
made this is just so much creative
energy just evident on every single
frame of that film for a legit full-on
horror movie it might be a good idea to
check out the original tone up then oh
really
I'm it might be a good idea to find
yourself a copy of the original Dawn of
the Dead interesting not the remake the
original George Romero movie no
particularly good reason I'm saying that
and repeating it
the original George Romero Dawn of the
Dead that might be a thought
it's weird that you had mentioned that
movie specifically and like repeated
several times
it's just there's no getting out there
much there's just no getting the height
the reason that I don't trust this is
because
we you know we've seen like different
versions of the same level and
I told you how much I hate this thing
yeah
and I just don't see I just don't
believe her that I'm gonna get this
height
all right jack I'm gonna I'm gonna play
the video on how to do it one more time
so you can watch this okay okay okay I
don't know I just don't understand how
he gets the height I just don't
understand how he gets the height
all right who up here
you can do this I've I've gotten past
the chairs I've done that much total
devices already bought a copy Thank You
patreon wink-wink nudge-nudge now juggle
you bastard
juggle my joke my joke in the Twitter
was was option a was that stealth game
that you wanted to play yeah we can do
it next time yeah
option B was there's a shooter that's
procedural a 2d shooter that's
procedurally generated it's supposed to
be like a 2d shooter version of spelunky
okay I was like oh that's definitely
that's a jack game and then option B is
a rich and Jack will give you a juggling
tutorial oh okay I bet they see the
thing with the barrels I thought they
were equated at the juggling okay okay
sorry I wasn't getting that
I was miss getting that right right and
so I think I think you have time for one
error with the chairs on that first box
and that's second proximity and then you
have time for that to get up I don't
think so
no hey you don't yeah Wow Wow but now
that I'm up here practice practice
just practice
like you can do a quick turn on this one
where it's like you jump you can do it
for now just get up there and see if you
can get onto the platform ever so I
think you got to take your time of that
first jump that's way you keep it
matures you got a you get a landing like
the edge the edge
either way here
alright alright I just can't believe it
maybe they patched it to be taller but I
don't write for some reason over here so
let's just try it chairs
I am nerd master says hey guys new
member of the animam meam Imam the
Amazon Prime proletariat here but a
longtime fan late to the stream so you
may have discussed already
but thoughts on Westworld agitate my
android I have not been watching the new
show Jack you have right I saw the first
episode and I enjoyed it I thought it
was some fine fine film Megan I I
enjoyed it so much I haven't seen any of
the other episodes though I'm looking
forward to watching it though III
thought I thought it was really good I'm
just mostly curious because we saw in
the video unless the platform there was
lower maybe they changed the level
that's because he didn't want you
beating it this way that's what I worry
about with with this game developer but
you know what I'm here I'll try
see exploiting some kind of glitch that
lets him launch himself faster right
jump and flip up maybe he's got the you
jump higher if your kid maybe his
cameras angled up more what he does the
jump the doctor there's only so high up
you can look maybe no no yeah I mean
we'll keep trying try flipping next to a
chair then hit run Oh hit rump with a
chair not actually not the worst idea
I've heard
ah see like I almost glitched up there
this time but it was a glitch
here's one
so he kind of fucks us with that bit for
fuck it does that he's actually like
looking down to we'll keep trying right
is there a different dive that gives you
more height huh
this is entertaining up until this stage
yeah like very entertaining we were
loving this yeah and then it just became
miserable mm-hmm I agree
but like I've I feel like I've gone far
enough where I really want to make this
work okay here we are we are trying the
Box technique that was way worse hey you
know what we're testing you know
verification through experimentation
my name is States's jack you were closer
with your foot leaping off from the
barrels maybe try that again we all
believe in you thank you
here's a weird thing we just three times
you look at a video where somebody does
this and they get up there to knock him
over right you're getting closer right
you know what I wonder if looking down
doesn't make you no no I wonder you know
how you can like curve your your jump
try it with the up and down arrows right
oh I need a chat for this
you know just try to like well you know
don't do with mouths do it with the
direction keys well no you just what I
mean I need to keep pressing because see
when you press left or right s or you
know a or D when you're diving he does
some funky stuff like diving and hit
like the EA and D keys when you do the
dive you yeah I was going left to right
a lot while I was trying to hit him in
one of the stages no I think that it
more had to do with like the fact that
you're in that tight stage I think he
was like clipping the camera but hold on
I think we're onto something here
you know we also we have to like glitch
the camera
phenomena says sauce space cop I thought
it was great schlock what was something
that you had planned and thought would
be easy before shooting it but it ended
up being really hard slash cut in the
end everything a space cop space cop
nothing about makeup and making a
feature is easy nothing
it's difficult thing to do even the
people we make might make fun of on best
of the worst they get they get credit
just for successfully completing a
feature even more credit cuz a lot of
time we know with a low-budget shit
which is what we watch they have no time
to do it either yeah you got three weeks
make a film that was a big part of you
know like that interview that Jay and I
did with lend where we talked with him
about stuff like that where we
understand how tough it is you know and
there's a there's a respect for
filmmakers obviously if you think it
moves garbage there's nothing you can do
about that but you get good at that part
no we're just not fucked up but that's
fine yeah no no I can I can do that with
relative ease
sir Chen says I believe in you jack
thank you sir Chen rich could you try
doing the Box technique or Ned Jack's
get him close well let him keep at it
this become Jack's thing
what is the best toppings for a hot dog
hot peppers hot peppers hot peppers
he's weird for me because I don't care
much for ketchup or mustard look at you
buddy I don't hate ketchup it's just
usually just on bland fries
yeah I hate ketchup in general like
Culver's you gotta have ketchup on those
shitty fries yeah they have the blandest
fries in existence Culver's is there
well well whatever you did there
you know onions just just because of the
the oh my god that's give me I'm so
sorry rich cuz of the things I don't
like I have a hard time finding good
ketchup condiments couldn't catch him
good hotdogs condiments
so something you can do after carmelized
onions I've never had caramelized onions
on a hot dog it sounds like it'd be
really good wait a minute wait a minute
rich I think I just figured out
something look I think there might be a
second dive button
hold on I think
I do feel like this is correct as as
like this I can consistently do the same
thing
but I don't you know and obviously
everyone sees like what we're going
through here I don't think
oh come on come on almost Jack you're
getting close we're getting close ah
sonic mousetrap says would be weird to
put honey mustard on a burger or is the
hamburger solely barbecue sauces domain
oh no I did get barbecue sauce and I
want that too hamburger mayonnaise is
fine a hamburger but ketchup mustard no
no you know I like I like mayonnaise in
a little lettuce on a hamburger you know
what if you like the honey mustard on
your burger you go ahead and do that
shit don't let don't let people tell you
how to eat food as long as you're not
poisoning yourself or others you know
don't you think tastes good
you know what else I wonder my burger
mayonnaise lettuce onions tomatoes bacon
if it's an option and cheese
those are my preferred burger toppings
frequently though it's simpler just to
ask for a plain no no ketchup no mustard
no pickles
it's a nice burger joint yeah you get it
you get it a nice you get the nice stuff
but like you try to do that shit like it
our specific this and this and this and
this and take off don't put on the
pickles don't put on the ketchup but add
Mayo and add then your just yours asking
for a fucked up burger that's what
you're doing
what about Glock on a burger never had
it I like guacamole
I am in general a fan wait wait wait
what was that
how the heck did you get out there I I
could tell you right I wish I could tell
you and I've had burgers of guac on them
you know it's nothing like ground beef
and guacamole don't necessarily go
together I've never had them together
maybe it's fine
naanum says being from Wisconsin are you
guys done with cheese curds and do you
like the squeak I have no idea what you
mean by the squeak do you have any idea
you grew up in Wisconsin I did not the
squeak yeah what is the squeak what was
the first part of that question are you
down with cheese curds and do you like
the squeak I may is he just talking
about liking cheese look I have no
freaking clue but a cheese curd it's
just a tiny mozzarella stick yeah
they're fine
well no cuz usually like cheese curds I
like cheddar all right so that's the guy
from Wisconsin right I would rather have
a mild jalapeno popper
some cheese curds squeak when you bite
them I'm familiar with the phenomenon
you know I am also unfamiliar with the
phenomenon
yeah you jumping too far up on that
crate okay
this crate don't jump from the edges
jump from further back because you're
hitting the edge and that might be why
you're hitting the edge because you're
too far forward sorry Jen says I am so
sorry rich
I don't know whether I'm overly enjoying
this from schadenfreude ah or feeling
regretful for imposing this on you yeah
I was fine for a couple hours and now
this is the you know jack is getting too
obsessed with it I'm slightly obsessed
with this far too obsessed one level
which because we've gotten as far as we
have you know what I like rich hmm I
like puzzles sure and sometimes I see a
puzzle where there is no puzzle for how
many hours do you like puzzles Joe right
right an absurd amount of hours is how
many hours I like puzzles for love drew
beefcake says you know rich I admire
Jack's tenacity and all but some
motherfuckers are always trying to ice
skate uphill ah
lol tickled my posterior and you know
what I agree I agree and there's nothing
I can do I can't stop Jack at this point
the only thing I could do is I could
reach over and the stream you good
that's the only thing I could do
Oh Richie that was the closest I've
gotten so far Oh
I'm powerless he's powerless but you
know what I'm getting closer I feel like
that one wasn't I don't my problem is I
don't know why I'm getting closer like I
couldn't tell you why that last one I
was able to do it and you know
I think I think you should go home and
record yourself - and then once you
actually you know do it right
yeah we've show the recording on stream
and that way we don't have to watch this
for the next three hours and 98 minutes
of our life so I guess four hours and 38
minutes that's one way to think about it
but you know isn't part of the
exhilaration is watching it live the
accomplishment of it all that it was
going to be an accomplishment life
yeah rich I'm I'm getting closer they
should they should be he should be
ashamed he or she whoever made this game
for this once age you ruin you ruined a
perfectly good game yeah with this
bullshit really funny experience really
yeah yeah some some biting political
commentary this is one fucking stage
which by the way would still be very
difficult if that platform was an inch
shorter
shanem Freud Isis I want you when you
sleep when is your next year upstream
lol perpetuate my mean yeah
and I'll have sooner or later I'm sure
oh yeah we like for Europe streams you
know one of the one of the real issues
is rich and eyes schedule actually does
not does not always work rich is a night
owl and I'm a morning yes yeah
and so like just getting rich up by noon
I think it is so that's one of the
hardest things is like that's morning
for rich a Europe friendly stream is
Rich's morning and then usually for me
like I have stuff that you know I have
responsibilities come you know come
three and that's just one riches price
start and getting ready for his day so
saved row says chat says jump
immediately fucking kill me jump
immediately one jump immediately fucking
kill me that's the message
Sri Chen says you know what I'm just
gonna go ahead and give this game - jack
- don't do it Sarah don't do it I don't
want to play it punishment for all no
great this barefoot ping got gringo
tastes like crap by the way peen Wan
gringo do Geo what I can't pronounce
words you know noir mmm
you're Grigio Pinot Grigio Pinot Grigio
sure that's a thing in a gringo we got
Gregg 88 says rich you can make Jack
beep the love by turning into an animal
what would it be
don't know what kind of animal would be
this level none because they're animals
and they're dumb and they couldn't beat
this level that's true a human I would
turn him into a human so he couldn't eat
this game well if I turn him into a
human he would likely have the common
sense not to do this for the next three
hours as you know I'm not human
Natomas says those burros are still
sitting over there not rollin
not doing a gosh darn thing yeah I
noticed that notice that about those
barrels
oh my god I'm getting a headache
position this
I think the barrels were a red herring
or you know like my way of working you
know one out of every 100 attempts might
have worked please please jump straight
up and dive forward at the top of the
jump am I not doing that you horrible
dick don't go forward when he jumps just
jump straight up and and stop at the
edge okay jump straight up don't go
forward you're moving forward why you
moving forward okay hold on while
standing still
yeah jump straight up then when you're
at the top of the jump then launch
yourself forward stop jump launch we're
trying to we can do it again I can get
up there pretty easily fairly reliably
okay ready
that's what happens when you yep when
you jump without it's worse it's worse
by the way last anonymous guy I had a
random thought when will you guys turn
up the oh my god volume I was tempted to
tip far more often when it would
definitely more people's definitely
others what people didn't like that and
we got our amusement at all yeah we
played out
as it tried to shame the chandelier
already what are we supposed to do with
the chandelier we can't get up on top of
the platform you think we can get up in
the chandelier
the oh my god needs to be louder just
not as loud as before never do that
speedrunning this game must be fun
they probably dread this level
I'm gonna try the chandelier did
jack-shit thank you for your input like
Richie said we I we have seen someone do
this how they did it is a whole nother
Saban's you know this used to be fun
this was this was a fun romp
do you think he just wasn't like
expecting anyone to get to this point
like yeah the gel could run thin by here
then it's possible Oh Jack Ryan you
still trying oh my god I'm serious
we need endosome I know I know we've
been over an hour doing just this it's
quite possible no no no no that's not
quite possible that is definitely true
you think
it's 9:30 we've been at this stage I
think since 8:00 I have some obsessive
for 8:00 I have some obsessive this is
not entertaining to watch the bodies to
me this is not entertaining to watch and
we're not talking about enough
interesting things is you're too busy
doing this you know like I I get
obsessed I get I get a I get locked into
things like this and I don't know I
don't know what to tell you Rachel I I
don't want to call like OCD I just you
know I have like I said I there are
obsessive parts to my personality that
make me really want to beat this one
level hey I can tell
look at that crazy glacier look at that
crazy glitch okay okay check this out I
was excited to watch you guys live for
once and this is the worst sorry yeah
you know that's this is how it works
sometimes I got a crazy idea I hope I
got a crazy idea what is it - stop
playing this game no no that's a
completely sane idea that's a completely
sane wait when you died sideways what
happened what it seemed like you gotta
do a sideways dive
well here's what I'm thinking what
happens when you dive to the side is it
longer as it weird is different like how
you dive to left or right by your way
when you had the jump on you something
it did look like it was higher than
normal I don't think so what I'm
thinking here
we're trying to find the glitches okay
because like there was this thing where
because I hit those chairs or something
because I did something over here yeah I
flew up all right all right
saved her says apparently the chance
instructions were wrong and this level
was just broken since the last patch lol
fucked my cock sorry Chen says I've lost
track of how many twos drop now totally
helping with the comforting
you two look totally handsome right now
by the way thank you
yes feeling very handsome shadowing
fright s is rich what about having an
animal as a sidekick / affirm what would
you pick and why also jack one you need
to get up to that high platform I'm
gonna I'm gonna murder somebody we
talked about the animal sure fur thing
animals cannot drive an animal would be
a terrible chauffeur
as far as a sidekick probably a dog the
very loyal they've got they've already
dogs are proven sidekicks already um
jyggalag on the chat saying um that boom
Schaffer well be that'll be great until
you you know like drive off the cliff
because your chauffeur is a baboon it's
just it's not a good idea
certain agree with you about this like
sideways Oh No
yeah yeah
yeah it's just broken it's a broken
level and I don't like it that it's
broken and you know part of you know I
think part of it is is me just wanting
to like double check that it's like it's
broken it's not it's not that I'm bad
you know maybe my obsess yes it's not
that I'm bad at this it's that this is
broken and so so much of the Oh gently
sickle 101 says is your stream always
this yeah I know I know
no it's not it's not it's is that
YouTube videos are on I really unedited
other than cutting them up to put them
on YouTube right it's usually like that
a little more fun we were having fun we
were having fun and then this level came
up I didn't want to put this up on
YouTube this is terrible this is this is
terrible
I know I think you need to quit I think
right it's broken and your badge AXYZ
stood shaman and stuff like that that
makes me want to defeat the level if
that's what makes me want to defeat it
even more
three more cans swimming for three more
guys all right three more tries and
whoever made this game fuck you
one
those two
look at how far make it far you can fly
I'm sorry I won you're done I'm sorry
you're done I'm so done what you're
gonna give it ran you didn't give it a
try
are you gonna do it why have you figured
it out
don't when so amazing if I did it my
first try when did yes I am Andrew the
eighth I am and really eighth I am I am
I got married to the widow next door
she's been married seven times before
and everyone was a Henry she wouldn't
have a Willie or a Sam that's what
Savage roses okay see rich can't even do
this yeah yeah I know you you've had
that sort I've had so much goddamn
practice
yeah kind of have the camera look down
so you can just see the edge of it you
know of that second box
the first box is fine making the turn
and getting to the second box is a
little bit tricky but of course I'm
worst
how many times did Jack do this I was
playing for a long long time and I had
nothing but practice on just this one
level so yes did this game give you sand
in your vagina yeah I would say that's
the equivalent here my my privates are
all up in A to Z
yeah I'm good out there got some good
air they're rich we're still playing the
same stage because we want to believe
that it's beatable and it's not it's
just not it's not beautiful the maker of
this game can honestly go fuck
themselves for this level in particular
morning a fun thing for ruining a fun
thing this was a fun experience before
this level everyone was having a good
time
would you remember the time when tacos
fell on Donald Trump that was awesome
you had to save Donald Trump from tacos
that's beautiful and now look at it now
look at it he's he's up there he's
proposing to Vladimir Putin he's on one
knee proposing marriage to Vladimir
Putin and and it should be a super funny
time but it's not
right like you're just kind of hoping
for the glitch to happen that time and
it's it's that's the problem
originally when we were playing this
game you know like rich rich showed me
the first level and I was like oh that's
funny and and he goes yeah oh you know
what really should will stream a real
game tonight I said oh no you know what
as long as we can get a half an hour I'm
comfortable having like a half an hour
YouTube video of this up as it turns out
it was a couple of hours of good fun and
then you got this malarkey
you got this absolute goddamn malarkey
and now rich can't even make this the
simple jump I'm not gonna try for as
long as Jack did you can't even do MC
Lucas says you go rich you're a champ
you can do it traded as Eve says make
video to highlight how broken this is
developer needs to be called out on this
bullshit
compilation sped up fails with music I
don't know how much was it hold on
called mr. president yes gifts I don't
know I can't imagine it was much
mr. president on Steam how much is it
let's see how much it is hold on
oh don't just a minute
that's six bucks yeah you know I think
for six bucks we should expect I paid
five bucks it was it was a sale kind of
you know I think I think for six dollars
what you should expect is a game that
theoretically you could complete not
that you would necessarily have to I
think yeah you might have someone that
sign Johnny but a game that you
theoretically could complete say are you
saying she got it for four so that's
better but right when you're trying in
the game when you're trying to work a
glitch to finish a level there's a
problem there's a definite problem
oh yeah no and you know with my with my
rolling on the barrel method my body
passed through the bullet line but that
was so much luck
I was weary what they're caught on a
chair no made it up there
yeah yep we're and we're still doing
this level we're we're committed
we're should be committed the real Vans
a Jack when you cut this for YouTube
make one video just this level at three
times the speed with yakety sax playing
over the whole thing
worst idea for you know I'll probably do
that I'll probably take a highlight of
just this level how entertaining is just
to watch but this be better as just a
long highlight at three times the speed
with the equity set well you can't use
the equity stacks I'm sure that's
copyrighted but it's only funny for the
a cadiz acts don't I know it's probably
copy where we can't monetize that one oh
you know there might we might just be
able to use it I don't know I'll check
into yeah I'll check into the use of
yakety sect
oh yeah but it would have to be
something like 20 times the speed it
would have to be something but you know
you can't go too fast or else you can't
see what's going on can you jump on the
first crate the tall one then bounce up
to the platform what does that even mean
that doesn't that doesn't mean anything
there's there's little medium tall and
there's no bouncing
I don't know how this game works but the
flop forward go forward when you are
aiming or wait but does the flop forward
move go forward where you are aiming or
just straight so that so you can jump
and then when you flop forward you can
kind of curve left or right but you
can't curve up or down nope you know I
know knowing I don't you know like I
said I don't have anything you know
great to talk about I can talk about
Supergirl some more and how I'm really
enjoying the first couple of episodes of
the Supergirl show and how the Superman
featured in approximately 10 minutes of
Supergirl so far is one of the best
Superman's we've had he's a real
reporter he cares about people he seems
like he's a really nice guy he's like a
guy you want to hang out with I don't
think that gets us up there either like
I said though the way I was doing it it
was just catching the glitch where I'd
randomly flip up or if you push it for a
little bit I now give it some room yeah
and then jump and dive you have to like
dive in between the two and then it kind
of randomly flips yeah
Oh Oh house pretty close I didn't see
the guardians of the galaxy - trailer it
looks good it's a teaser using you know
we see maybe 130 seconds of actual
footage it looks cool you know I'm
certainly not holding my breath but yeah
it looks looks neat
I guess I'm super you know it's I'm I
liked the first one all right I thought
it had some problems how the first
guardians of the galaxy but Groot looks
adorable everybody's really excited
about great most of guardians problems
are the last act it's not the characters
there's fun characters
oh sure fun characters no no no the last
act the ending is weak I think the movie
in general has a ton of has a ton of
payoff with no setup there is a ton
couple big exam one like one big example
of that but I think there's I think
there's a couple big examples of that
for exam
specifically when it comes to the
characterization I hate it in guardians
how every character got there like this
is the part of the movie in which I tell
my backstory and every you know like
every every character gets their own
little soliloquy about their backstory
when a lot of their backstory we don't
need them to give us a lollipop because
we can infer that through visual clues
rocket being the most glaring example
you know we have these wonderful scenes
where we see him changing into his
prison gear and we see all the medical
experiments done on him we already know
about his tragic backstory but then he
has his little monologue
tragic his backstory is like we just
don't need it
just get your hand up get your hand up
there Jack is wrong about guardians no
I'm not it's fine it's a fine movie I'm
not saying I I'm not saying I dislike it
I like the movie I just think it has
some problems so there's so this game is
fine they just couldn't figure it out
are they still going to bear should we
praise this game for like two hours
schmuck this game yeah I'm assuming
that's what they're talking about so the
game is fine they just couldn't figure
it out too old for gaming it's the
problem isn't us figuring it out this
level is broken and we've said over and
over again that the first two hours of
the game were really fun and enjoyable
and interesting but this level is broken
but nothing wrong with not liking a
movie though right
you know this game is missing what no
and you hit the slow-motion button or
when you dive yeah oh when you dive yeah
if it's broken how come others have done
it because the game is going is hell and
they caught that one glitch that made it
work
and we have yet to catch the glitter you
upload a video yourself doing it
absolutely and then how long it took you
tweet it tweeted at us make your own
video or shut the fuck up tell us how
show us how you did it on your first try
and then and then we'll we'll say we're
sorry you know dick fart 5 5 5 or
whatever your name is
yeah we're back to the barrels
some version had and I will always love
you when you die
bullet comes at about 20 seconds when
you're in sumo roughly thank you
beefcake whoa flipper
nice flip rich dick fired five five five
fingers from this position down okay and
MC Lucas is correct
it took few people on the internet
approximately twenty minutes just to
find one person who has done this and
that apparently was in the demo of the
game not the actual game son
did you guys ever go back to the steam
controller nope nope we didn't we didn't
we didn't at all and everything it's
invalid aided by my board and honestly
there are certain times where we do want
to use it because like if we have a
two-player game here and say I forget to
bring my controller one of us hates
using it like we just hate holding it in
our hands that's how much we dislike to
see your steam controller the armours
who has to use it right right now yeah I
guess I can manage this the analog stick
oh right I like I like the Xbox one
controller and you know I have my other
Xbox why I have my Leaf controller at
home but sometimes I just don't bring it
because I don't think I'm needed and
then we decide to play a two-player game
and oh yeah we actually really could
have used that at this point yeah and I
am now I am extra extra grumpy and so
you want to start start bringing up
things that you've always wanted me to
shit on and I'm gonna shit all over them
cuz I'm grumpy as shit right now I was
so happy to play this game and that's
what makes me extra extra grumpy is like
this game had us
my god what a fun little game yeah yeah
lure Teac it's not jumped towards the
shooter we've tried that it's it doesn't
work either that's where that's where we
were two hours ago he's truck jumping
towards the crowd and that didn't seem
to work
try jumping towards the shoe oh my god
we tried that we weren't getting it high
enough yeah no matter what we can't seem
to get the height needed to block the
bullet or to get on stage to knock over
Trump
nope Oh see well under it what do I
think about stuff Oh stuff sucks and I
hate it and I hate it I hate it all it's
all all that stuff oh it sucks so much
you know it really sucks
Oh GE refrigerators if you're in the
market for a refrigerator don't buy a GE
refrigerator what I want I'm on my I'm
on my third repair for my GE
refrigerator sounds great third repair
in three weeks where I don't have a
refrigerator they fix it for like two
days and then and then it stops working
again so we have this little mini fridge
yeah and we have to fit you know we have
a family of four we have to fit all of
our refrigerator stuff in a tiny little
mini fridge which means we can't really
like you know go shopping get all the
stuff that we want because to feed all
of us so we've got the stupid-ass little
refrigerator that works better than a GE
never buy ge ge sucks it looks nice
it looks like a nice refrigerator plan
who's my favorite bald actor I don't
fucking know Picard
Oh God
we have tried jumping at the laser
towards the audience perhaps we could
try it again but I don't think that's it
I think we were there are they better
than the exploding Samsung washing
machines poor you know want those poor
those poor Android users you know they
spent so much time shitting on the
iPhone and then it is overpriced fucking
iPhone huh yeah phones comically
overpriced it's it's it's their thing
you know I guess it's the price
something's only worth how much someone
else is willing to pay for rich you can
get something that works just as well
for a lot less except for you know they
explode what do I think about the
overwatch loot box microtransactions I
think that's the way to do it as far as
microtransactions are concerned it's
annoying but I'll put up with it as long
as it's only cosmetic shit
exactly yeah it's very irritating but
you don't need him no you don't need him
you like you'd like to have a complete
version of thinking like all the stuff
well and but that'll cost you a thousand
bucks yeah yeah I don't care for it
no it's just skins though like it's it
like you know fur watch it's just
cosmetic stuff especially because they
charge 60 bucks for the game well here
but charge here's the thing go you every
time you gain a level throughout the
game you gain levels the more you play
the more level again every time you gain
a level you get a free loot box yeah
what you have to pay to open I'm
assuming no no you just can open or you
can spend five dollars and get five loot
boxes and so it's just testing your
patience which I'm perfectly okay with I
did buy some loot boxes for Halloween
because I play a lot of overwatch and
tests you know I wanted an outfit anna
has a really cool outfit and I wanted it
you can just buy that outfit you know
box and hope you get the right one right
as far as I could tell yeah that's
that's obnoxious hi I wanted to just buy
the thing that I'd be fine with it you
know I don't know and maybe there's a
way and I just haven't seen it's also
really fun opening room you know it's
like a present it's like it's like the
lot in the slot machine yeah yeah it's
tricky hey there's far more money than
you would otherwise
oh absolutely and it's working yeah I
don't have the height for that no I know
the audience is the bad called audience
is the wrong call it is it's a it's an
absolute Skinner box the the yeah
lootcrate microtransactions yeah they
did that for rocket League and I
realized oh I spent 20 bucks in keys
yeah I'm spending more sense but right
oh no and you know what it you played
the game enough you can justify it to
yourself and it is fun having that
cosmetic item and I really like I think
we've talked about this a little bit I
do really like the the Halloween brawl
nope I'm done
great we're out great fuck it I'm a
blues shill I've played one blizzard
game in my entire life rich yeah I've
played one blizzard game overwatch yeah
and I'm a blizzard chill okay according
to these fucks me you're an overwatch
show im a im an overwatch show because I
think it's a fuckin good game really
enjoy I enjoy the crap out of overwatch
I'm probably gonna go home and play some
overwatch to get the taste of this shit
out of my mouth John I'm sorry for the
stream it's sort of it started out very
promising yes then that happened that
I'm sorry yep
I apologize for having a really good
time
let's just take a moment here is the
time when we list off the names of the
people who subscribed during the stream
Sean
underscore 13 months in a row Sean says
that was really hoping option three was
going to win when I saw the tweet I'm
sorry
blindsided Jack I don't know nothing
about no tweets I can um why don't you
know what maybe we can pop it on
creative one of these times and I can
teach people how to juggle okay do you
know how to juggle rich no would you
like to learn how to juggle I could
teach you how to juggle no I don't feel
like dropping things on stream for four
hours that's that's a lot of jokes it's
a lot of yeah but you know what juggling
is pretty easy once you get the hang of
it and then you just practice start with
one you just start like just feel the
weight you get you know get three
juggling balls mmm and you start with
one and you just literally throw it up
and catch it with one hand okay okay and
that just helps you kind of figure out
the timing like okay here's the timing
this is what the ball feels like and
then you start practicing doing it
without looking at it and then you do
two hands up but you're just catching
with the with the same yeah
and again all you're doing is trying to
find the rhythm and find like how high
you need to throw the ball mm-hmm then
you start shooting one up passing it
over catching shooting one up catching
an over catch shooting one up catch it
and that's and you just build your way
up and then so then eventually what
you're going for with three balls is you
throw one in the air yeah while that
one's coming down you throw another one
in the air and then you have a third
ball yeah well that one's coming down
you throw that one in there and you're
just throwing it back and forth to your
hands see you throw you know you're not
doing like a loop and watch no no no you
there what it actually what it actually
is is to figure Eight's
huh so you catch you catch over here
then you come under and throw up and
that one comes and you catch over here
and you come under and throw and so you
can't go in like this right this does
anybody ever do it that way we're the
one edge is it like it's a loop no yeah
you can do it that way like and there
are like trick jugglers who will like go
back and do the crisscross and then
trick juggle and criss cross again and
and then you know you can do one-handed
with with two and yeah yeah
juggling actually really helps with
hand-eye coordination and it's a really
stupid thing where if you if you're ever
if you're ever anywhere and like they're
kids around and there are three apples
juggling for them it makes their day
they're freaked out they love it say we
should we're talking I'm shit like this
all stream rather than doing that same
stupid yeah I'm sorry it's just wrong
call there's a nice started so it's on
be too stupid I'm learning way too much
next next time well we'll do we'll do a
juggle okay where were we Tyrannosaurus
Rex sarah chen i believe i can fly i
believe i can touch mr. president and
we'll say it again because was gonna
have fast tyranny regs nope
what tourney soros rigs now fucked up
and I fucked up tyranny Soros Rex Lego
face like a face says this game kappa
goose goose 29 fucking monster oh holy
shit sack assists why you're gonna be
our first 30 and the zero Incas II mean
Johnny millennium bran 89 die glow ki 18
months in a row a league lucky I think
it's like German D League lucky oh sure
Brian D cocky he says I'll get fuckin
status for Christmas lol fuck my cock
Magnus PU 21 fucking months in a row
Magnus Peter says heart emoji or ASC 2
or less than 3 less than or less than 3
what are the other Sarge and
cupcakes serve sugar cupcakes
Oh sugar cupcakes I get it sugar
cupcakes says long time our limb fan
love the content keep up the good work
rich you love the laughs thank you lady
Denning tea rack the ancient Sagan 12 20
21 fucking months in a row
speaking of juggling Wilkins the clown
21 fucking months in a row you know four
completely for a completely unrelated
story I am currently I've recently had a
couple bins dropped off at my house yeah
well photos of old photos right that's
great let's see if I can find a certain
photo
0:08 to double zero a stew bum puzzle
bro chester cragwitch jyggalag 35 eight
months of subscribing to you hack frauds
kaupo chad daddy 92 black spotted zebra
78 for 12 months in a row
Svengali van Gogh leases you 2-tone
zebra headed slime coated pimple farman
per Paramecium brain munching on your
own mucus I almost got it all Jack I
almost got it all you two-toned zebra
headed slime coated hey oh man that is
hard mute you two-tone zebra headed
slime coated pimple farming Paramecium
brain munching on your own mucus you
two-tone zebra headed slime co2 pimple
farm Pam racing brain munching on your
own mucus what is that is that farms on
that I have no idea they just wanted to
do a tongue twister oh yeah okay dr.
Dougal Steen my name is Tate 16 months
in a row don't give up jack we all
believe in you every single one of us
fucking go with the barrels right
pretend D
I wanna do it rich I want it but still I
know sc2 mag Salva draw twenty four
fucking months in a row Sava draw says
Jack jump immediately fucking killing me
sabot row fuck off usury name twenty
four fucking months in a row gray took
me an hour and a half to get my internet
internet connection stable enough to
type this two years professor physics 23
fucking months in a row uh professor
physics says another stream that was
still somehow more interesting than
politics
Krieger 783 twenty five fucking months
in a row nasty flat fourteen months in a
row hey guys documentary now is back
with with his banging season oh yeah
documentary now Bill Hader and Fred
Armisen mockumentaries 1 well season one
was hit or miss but the hits
yeah we're some good hits I like I like
them too I like them too boy Canuck of
the north the Eskimo one yes what was
good okay I gotta watch more of it
especially the episodes the bunker and
globes min hope you check it out yes
everyone watched documentary now a
clockwork Stalin twenty four fucking
months in a row and handsome Rob thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
this is the first episode of a
documentary now of the first season yeah
remind me a lot of mr. Plunkett oh yeah
yeah do you want you watch the first one
right no no the one I saw was I think I
just saw the UH I saw the talking heads
one were there a new wave band did watch
the one with the old ladies okay I think
this is the first one of the season okay
well the old it trust me yeah just trust
okay watch it no I want a while everyone
once more some Netflix okay that's what
I'm something it's still a Netflix
Documentary nouns fake documentaries
watch at least the first episode and
watch it all the way through trust me
have a nice night I'm sorry but the
stream I promise this will never happen
again
I don't
