Episode 229
Halcyon.... nope FTL. (part 2)
November 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vdOJItmi5E
___________________________________________

origin that was fuckin those fucking
pricks yo says hammer cap do you fellas
think the switch will be released in
partial packages ie tablet only home
station only or just the one complete
sense um I I don't fucking know what
fuck you asking me for like i know what
nintendo is gonna do they can do
whatever crazy thing they want to do my
assumption will be complete set only and
nintendo hasnt has never been much one
for for piecemeal why would you even
think that we do it piecemeal like
what's the precedence for a Nintendo
none I mean even for I don't even know
what you're so here's how much I care
about about those three Nintendo games
you're gonna want to play I don't know
anything about this like great it's it's
a tablet with like a controller thing
that unhooks from it right and you can
also plug it into a TV yeah okay that's
all it is what would be sold separately
in this package I maybe they're thinking
like you could just buy the tablet well
how does it hook to a TV I'm assuming is
your second you need a cord is a dock
it's like a docking station that you put
it into this it's not just like a cord
that comes out of tablet no it's like a
it's like a it's like a dock and so you
put the screen in the dock and it also
doubles as a charge I thought the dock
was just like for the controllers that
go on the side of the thing no no you
put that you put it in the dock and then
you take the controller's off what a
wacky gimmick well you see Stan okay
okay no I will fucking not buy an NES I
will buy an NES classic maybe as a
Christmas gift for someone else rich
being overly cynical as always when was
the last fucking time a Nintendo system
came out that had more than four games
I'll be generous four games at four
games that you really really had to play
when was that
I know you were joking Ivan's eyes but I
dead fucking that fucking NES classic is
the dumbest fucking thing ever
dumbest thing ever these are games that
are already available on virtual
consoles these it's a great Christmas
gift if you know someone whose yes if
you know someone who's kind of into
gaming like or you know someone who you
used to play games with this is a nice
cheap Christmas gift that you can get
someone and they'll think it's cute and
maybe you'll play a little bit on
Christmas Day and then they won't think
about it ever but it's a you know it's a
nice unique Christmas gift that you can
get to something gift for someone but as
far as our gamer is concerned it's it's
useless Oh am I already getting fucking
alright alright loner our chances Jack
why does the stream say you are
currently playing how Halcyon six also
talk about animal politics such as bears
being inferior am i right rich bears are
awful especially those living in Chicago
every Packers fan is an asshole
there you go every single one I've ever
run across has been a jerk about the
fact that they're a Packers fan they
can't just say how do you like a
different team than me okay they gotta
like be an asshole about it like like
it's a mandate it's a fuckin mandate I
don't know why it still says Halcyon I
thought I updated it I just double
updated it in case I didn't hit the
button earlier it should be saying FTL
you might need to refresh your browser
Oh
so half math half cats
the reason third-party candidates can
cannot gain momentum is because we have
a winner-take-all election system which
rewards two huge parties it's not that
there's not a base the two parties are
too big I think that's kind of this
we're saying the same thing only
differently that we do have two very
large parties and those large those two
very large parties encompass a large
amount of what
people are looking for in a candidate a
liberal or conservative but I think I
think if you can get a small group you
know like let's make up a let's make up
a party right the the our our party's
platform is we want no no zombie games
and we want what was the other thing
that we're gonna do in our as far as
politics is concerned I don't remember
what I don't remember either so we want
no zombie games and we want you know FTL
free for everyone that's our party
platform right if if you can find you
know a handful of smaller elected
officials that feel the same way and
have a base then you can start growing
your constituents and growing in power
and spreading out branching out but you
need something that separates you from
the major candidates something important
enough to separate you you need a party
platform you need base flibbertigibbet
flibbertigibbet s-- craig nation hey
jack considered this tip a thank you for
so strongly recommending binding of
issac I finally played it and can barely
put it down here's hoping they make they
they make if they eventually make a
movie yeah binding of issac is great is
the greatest Shyamal is Ed Wood says we
had little King's little King story
never heard of it don't care about it
Metroid Prime trilogy don't care about
Metroid Mario Galaxy yeah that was good
yeah Donkey Kong there's a new Donkey go
which one is a new document I don't
never like the Donkey Kong games
Xenoblade don't give a fuck about Z no
go away also metro Metroid Prime trilogy
was a remake Oh
wasn't the last one on the way only the
third one I don't know about we use I
don't I don't know the we had okay yeah
sorry but like like met no but Metroid 1
& 2 were game q like sure they have the
trilogy but metric improve and obviously
this is only my personal opinion but I'm
I'm the one who's saying I don't give a
shit about the new Nintendo console
because they never release games right
so you don't care about doctor Xenoblade
I don't care cuz they don't know much
about it but I never cared about it
that's for sure
wonderful 101 I've heard good things
what is that I don't I don't know much
about it Xenoblade X split soon the one
with those on the funky-ass aiming so
you're talking about Wii U we had little
King's Wii U has Bayonetta yo Mario 3d
World
yeah keeps scrolling as people say too
many things I know I lost it them I lost
it you have terrible taste
yeah blow it out your ass I'll tell you
what to like a rich says slip ball 23
have you ever read Seamus Young's Mass
Effect retrospective article series No
More Heroes she got me there no no I
have not read the Mass Effect Madden
retrospective series the series is wrong
nothing that nothing can change that
it's it's very they're saying it's very
similar to the planket prequel reviews
in scope and attention thing you can
read or just like a series of videos a
nun article series interesting written
em I'm interested really famous young
Seamus young keep that in here all right
great put that my brain pocket put that
in your brain pocket Jiminy Cricket
prick bastard says because we have
winner-take-all election rules anything
more than two parties is mathematically
unstable the medium voter theory
explains it perfectly
CGP grey did a whole video on him I
think I remember them I hate missile
launchers with a burning fucking passion
oh man people and what for everyone who
says don't talk politics a lot of people
like talking about politics are so we
can't avoid it
we can't even can't avoid it two days
away from a presidential election
fucking I'm wasting my last missile
thing take out that fucking missile
launcher the real van says the reason we
only have two parties is because of
something called juvie Jersey law which
states that when elections are won on a
first pass first pass the pole system
two parties tend to form okay pay clam
do you enrich you still read comics have
you ever read saga I'd say it's one of
the best comic book it's the best comic
book right now I know people love Chu I
could never really get into it someone
sent me a copy of Chu and I never really
liked it rich you read any comics
recently no I just stopped reading comic
books like a decade ago people keep
asking me about comic books I'm reading
there well I think they just wondering
as far as as far as why mask the
previous games have been ruined because
the third at the end the third one it
was so depressing set up Mass Effect
lady talking about my specs now because
I was just talking more comics yeah
Mass Effect rich Wow tell us about write
a thing while you don't mind you like
the first two and I think it's being
sarcastic right and I'm not sure okay if
they feel depressing now because of the
ending of the third game you know how
the whole story and it just feels like
it feels like playing through a funeral
mmm it feels like you're at a funeral
there you go there you go
you're in the you're in the back car in
the funeral procession and you're on
your way to the grave and it's not a fun
feeling it's not fun to play Mass Effect
anymore it's just depressing the slip oh
yeah posted link that's how the series
has been ruined slip ball yes post a
link to the Sheamus young article series
and I will click on it and give give
rich villain yeah thank you shaming
thank you slip at ball
as far as comics I have been getting
back into them and I've been really
happy with the valiant series Archer and
Armstrong and Harbinger those are super
great I also read miss Marvel and I
haven't been reading much of it lately
but I was really enjoying the new the
new Batgirl series the Batgirl of
Bellevue or Bayside or I don't know one
of those the the Batgirl one bad girl
turned into cutesy Bootsy I like I liked
it a lot
as kids kids Bootsy Batgirl the DLC
ending of Mass Effect 3 did not fix
anything that was wrong with the ending
of Mass Effect 3 just added to the crap
you know like that is more of a jackass
I have heard I would love sava saga I
know that I will try to add it to my
list
I know I know i I've heard I'd love it
I'm super back into comic books comic
books now mostly because of comics
allergies we're talking about two
different things we don't care because I
don't care about comics you don't care
about massive exactly the Illusive man
was one of the best villains ever until
the third game turned him into a comic
book supervillain in most effect - oh
boy was he really interesting and there
was some gray area oh you got to third
oh he's just evil yeah it was great I
said three was wonderful because art
dying and depression means art it's deep
video games really are deep because
depression dark endings make good people
like sad me make sad now fun adventure
story should end in misery make art
I know I'm sorry by the way for anyone
who like was following my branch of the
comics or Rich's brand of the Mass
Effect it's got a weird turn but that
you know what that's just what's gonna
happen I'm sorry I'm done I'm done I'm
done
it's fine I thought that was pretty
funny we'll just wait our turns where
was I BOTS nur mustard lover rich yeah
what do you think about Al Elam Garrick
his fine character okay another Deep
Space nine curve I assume you want a
better conversation about Deep Space
nine Mike's really the one I think you
need to talk to he liked that show more
than I did I like the show it's not my
favorite Trek it's it's very anti Trek
and I'm not gonna go into that I've
talked about that stream before but yeah
I think Mike's the one who really really
got into deep space 9 for a while ok
next time he's on stream you can oh and
I got your link to the Seamus oh no
thank you I will I will make sure I
share that with rich after the stream
hmm you know also my favorite about
snare must-read love wishes my favorite
Enterprise design is the F from Star
Trek Online ok no idea what that looks
like
oh I'm sure it looks like something that
looks like a thing sure does non bun bun
buns bun bun buns well of the buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh and we'll work our
way up to it
when does he come on to play dr. Mario
yep yeah be any day now I remember I
remember him saying we tried we really
did we tried we really tried to pin him
down and every time he said he was
interested he flaked out last minute and
we got the hints listening yeah we got
the hand pretty girl fast
all right we're just gonna sleep okay
anonymous says just started watching
black mirror and season 1 episode 2 15
million merits is one of my favorite
things I've seen recently I can only
only hope it gets better does it Jack
yes yes it does I mean obviously that
first the pigfucker episode as we've
talked about is is a harsh way to start
the series but 15 million merits is when
you start to understand what the series
is really about like that's the kind of
sci-fi way to get to the next episode
it's even better think fucker 1 sounds
great to me have you still not seen any
of it the the next episode about about
recording recording what your eyes see
to replay at any time is freaking
beautiful sold me on the whole series um
I still need to watch the new season I
haven't seen it yet but I'm very excited
I fuckin missile launchers I just cannot
get over the pig fuckin part of it well
you know that's what it's about I've
only seen the pig fucker episode
interesting enough for me to continue
the show eventually it's it gets I feel
like it gets so much better so much more
interesting like that when the sci-fi
elements start kicking in because
there's no real sci-fi element to the
big fucking episode later episodes is
when it just you get it it's so good
after the I mean the big fucking episode
it is good in hindsight but that turned
me off to the series for so long cuz cuz
cuz he fucks pig
a human human fuck you to game dreamer
gku you don't need to watch the pig
fucking episode it's an anthology you
know it's a it's an anthology so every
episode is its own thing isn't isn't in
somewhere you do not need to watch
season 1 episode 1 aka the pig fucking
episode I'm a bit of a completist so I
like watching it in order it sounds like
a great premise it is a great premise
it's a classic moral dilemma I haven't
seen it but I've heard about it live J
raved about love loved it and like I
said had I had that been like episode 3
I would have been comfortable with it
because I would have understand the tone
but I was promised Twilight Zone with
sci-fi and it was a guy fucking a pig
Taco Fox you're on the team psycho Fox
mm-hmm russian guy ovitch says has rich
changed his opinion on Marvel Cinematic
Universe Civil War
I haven't rewatched it so no he was
overly negative about it on half in the
bag I was overly blah about it I'm sorry
it was blah to me the the that
gratuitous superhero team-up fight just
felt gratuitous I wish they'd just
either focused on the Buckey story or or
focused on having a big superhero brawl
and felt like they're trying to do two
different things and I think on rewatch
for me it was a lot more I did agree
with rich a little bit on that but on
rewatch it was a lot more cohesive to me
but britches blah on the universe in
general so that's it dr. Harry Lime says
I didn't think you'd read a blatant plug
out have more dollars before the tank I
don't know what that means
anonymous says did somebody let M night
Shyamalan have a camera again and gave
him James McAvoy what the fuck happened
I don't know what you're talking about
this time it's lupus says hey Jack you
don't remember when you took off your
shirt and did a dirty Dan
to the theme of Jurassic Park those must
have been some amazing drugs oh talking
about what I did on I'm taking the ship
out or we're all dying I don't care
anymore you just want the slugs to die
I need scrap okay every ship has a
freaking missile launcher and to shields
except with this one but I got a deal
with fucking fire no cuz didn't take out
the missile launcher it was a worthless
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
Oh TC Brady 133 says how weird is it
that Macaulay Culkin is on an episode of
best of the worst
I was shocked shocked I tell you shocked
do you know any other famous people that
are fans of rlm or any famous people who
have watched a video of yours I mean
back and Patton Oswalt Madden Madden
Oswalt he's a fan of our stuff when we
when we shot Damon Lindelof Damon
Lindelof or Simon Pegg Simon Pegg it
when we shot with Patton the space cop
Ben he was he was talking about like
current best of the worst stuff so he
keeps up on episodes he was asking us
questions about current that's the worst
stuff so I don't know regularly watches
according to sources unnamed sources red
letter media content is watched by
famous people that's all I can say and
it's not like you're saying much value
nope hey there we go Jiminy Cricket pick
brass is if everyone hates clowns why
are they still a thing that is paid for
it I think this whole hate clown thing
is overblown bill that many people hate
clowns
some parents buy clothes for their kids
who don't realize that the kids don't
really like the clowns all that much
they don't they like clowns and that's
horseshit and people like pull up you're
full of
horseshit people down people like them
they're like clowns everybody likes
client ever likes clowns
you're going to see a clown at a clown
does a funny thing is if I everybody
have it's a great time everybody has a
great fun time of clowns since mounds of
fall since when never this has never
happened and the juggle and they do my
memory shit and they should give a shit
about juggling a shit on juggling you
general but you know we don't need a
clown to juggle you need a fucking
juggler you hire a fucking juggler if
you want to see juggling oh that's all I
got is Joker clown does Gerald
buffoonery everyone likes the common
clown creeps you out
everybody likes what a clown does great
I'm glad we can agree that everyone
likes come on anonymous says I saw
gobbledygook did a little homework for
you and found a chef who shields in a
missile launcher to shield a missile
launcher that's the name of the stream
to shield on the middle
Gavin Luke's did a little homework for
you and found a chef on twitch that
swears up and down that hot dogs are
sandwiches thanks to that man's ground
work is the documentary back that's true
you know what I caught a little bit of
live cooking on Twitch gobbledygook
reached out to one of the live cooks and
asked them if a hot dog is the sandwich
the chef said that yes hot dogs are
sandwich and I saw I actually I joined
in and he was making some Bipin Bop
bibimbap and I watching live cooking it
was actually pretty cool
okay I don't know have you ever watched
a cooking show no okay I like cooking
shows but watching a guy like cook live
was pretty neat and I actually really
enjoyed it and I hope that twitch keeps
that around because that was pretty fun
just watching someone cook up a meal in
real time was really interesting and
even though I just tuned in to hear him
talk about whether or not a hot dog is a
sandwich I kept watching throughout the
making of the bibimbap
oh shit jack is one step from social
eating no I did what I mean they ate it
afterwards so I stuck around for a
little bit but once they started eating
it I tuned out but I thought it was
really neat
I thought live cooking was really neat
and I liked it cooking is cool it's an
art yeah we're dying I don't I just
don't care it's been a bullshit run yes
Captain James May that's exactly what
has tagged Project Hornet is it's a live
cooking stream
it's my live cooking stream that I'm
working I am NOT I'm not gonna watch a
socially injury I just don't I think it
would be weird I think it would be
really weird game child UK either of you
have either of you watched the show
Fargo related to the Coen Brothers film
of the same name finished season one and
it's amazing yes I've seen both seasons
of Fargo
I prefer season 1 season 2 is also very
good but I prefer season 1 great show
quality show the Coen brothers aren't
actually involved at all but it is based
off of their Fargo show amazing always
amazing
I prefer season 1 to season 2 but yes
far too rich you have you see Fargo you
know great also ever use the Site g2a I
just got guacamelee steam key for three
dollars I don't know what g2a is no idea
but you can never know jack not not
really no apparently not rich have you
seen what any Westworld I don't know I
saw of the first episode of Westworld
and enjoyed it and got too busy and
never got around to watching any of your
episodes no it's fine
it's fucking fine g2a is a scam do not
use you to a ban who ever said that rich
hasn't seen Fargo because of some
perceived slide well aren't you an
asshole
no I just haven't seen Fargo give me a
reason to watch it I don't care
fuck off oh my oh my god by the way yeah
everyone in the chat every single person
in chat is saying that g2a uses stolen
sells stolen keys oh so apparently don't
don't do don't use you too eh
whoever you are if you can even get a
game at a deal but it's like buying a
stereo out of the trunk of a car this
fell off this steam key right here fell
off the back of a truck you know I'm
saying fell off it das he'll do for real
cheaper
all right great i-i've never used it I
now that people are saying it's a scam I
think I have heard of it as a scam but
hey rich
but the Virtual Boy had plenty of great
games hey guys says old handsaw who are
some of your favorite movie composers do
you think scores have gotten better or
worse over the past few decades this is
what gotten better or worse scores like
film scores film scores a yeah great I
can't think of any memorable and say the
honest truth but honestly I don't watch
that many movies like I'm and I'm not
terribly like I'm not into composers and
koror's obviously a good score is is a
welcome addition but I like I'm that's
that's not part of the moviemaking that
I'm usually into I know they if anyone
watches uh who just did a big thing on
film scores ever every frame of painting
like just did a thing on
unlike the Marvel Universe's film scores
and how they're like overly bland and
while I agreed with that I thought the
doctor for the adventure theme like The
Avengers theme oh yeah yeah I can't
think of it I can't no but there's been
times where it's been stuck in my head
okay so so there you go here's what I
can tell you about film scores
did anyone did everyone see the the new
Wonder Woman trailer the full Wonder
Woman trailer I thought it was good
trailer and you know like they have this
very like epic war score going through
the whole thing and then at the end the
Wonder Woman title comes in and they cut
to that awful guitar riff that they used
in dawn of Justice do you remember that
whenever Wonder Woman was on screen and
no one tuned it out it was like the
ugliest chunky guitar riff and they cut
to that and I fuck it was like nails on
a chalkboard going from like orchestral
epic war music to this awful clunky
guitar riff if I really don't have much
to work with her that riff sucks mr.
Bibbs I hate it I hate that guitar riff
it's so lame I only have three that work
with oh my god this is terrible it
wouldn't surprise me if like that was if
Zack Snyder wrote that guitar riff and
insisted it be in the movie fucking hate
that rift
oh yes I laughed out loud in the theater
when that that stupid guitar riff came
on every time that Wonder Woman oh I got
it fucking hate it I fucking hate it
that's what I can tell you and but I did
like the music and Doctor Strange and I
just saw that that composer is also now
doing some music for spider-man
homecoming so that's exciting
that's another reason to be excited for
spider-man homecoming this is insane
what this is insane what's happening
I've got like no energy to work with but
a long time since I've used this ship no
okay
does rich know the halberd can cut
through one shield oh yeah that's right
it's okay I've forgotten about that been
a while that's fine that's fine
Highlander aka I'm getting through all
of the tips I've been kind of barreling
through so I just gave myself a little
breath to read the chat because if I
don't read the chat the chat gets mad at
me so I'm looking through the chat a
little bit now and then I will get back
to the tips I will get to your tip I
swear I am not planning on seeing hacks
are rich rich are you planning on seeing
hacks are what is hex are rich it's a
war movie directed by Mel Gibson who
appeared people aren't mad at anymore
what did I say what did I say about Mel
Gibson he'll never be forgiven what did
I said no this is what you said time
time yeah everything's cool now
everything in don't hype the Wonder
Woman trailer or the trailer park guys
we'll get more control no I thought the
trailer was I I thought it was a pretty
good trailer until that end thing I'm
I'm thinking that the Wonder Woman movie
is looking alright I will probably go
see the Wonder Woman movie even though I
just heard they're doing reshoots on it
they're doing reshoots and the wonderful
movie which comes out pretty damn soon
something-something comic book movie
something something comic book movie
more comic book movies comic book movies
Wonder Woman Wonder Woman comic book
comic book comic book comic book that's
what I have to say about that comic book
comic book comic book comic book rich
and rich gets it rich gets it this time
it's lupus says guys November 8th is a
huge day the conclusion to a long
drawn-out drawn-out waste of time is
coming I'm of course talking about David
Webber's Safehold Hayes book series
loved the plots but he's a shit writer
there you go Jack and rich one love you
guys keep it
good work thank you - do you honestly
think valve will ever make half-life 3
some point you think yeah I think
they're done I think they're done so
many great story arcs are still in play
I would like for them to make half-life
3 I want to play more here's the
question why haven't they there you will
have it within if you answer that
question you will have your answer mom
why haven't they my assumption is that
is that that valve is a prop both a
profitable business and a group of
creatives
and they kind of thrive either when
they're making a lot of money or being
out there and being creative
I haven't played any of the episodes
remember episodic gaming that was the
new thing I was that's the thing as the
future baby it's the future I was in the
future rich because we can get him out
faster didn't they leave it on a
cliffhanger no is that a very artistic
thing to do well here's the point I was
getting to okay that was the setup to my
point so they they either like making
money or they like being creative and
artistic I think they realized the real
money was in running steam and I was oh
I was setting up my point oh I didn't
know that I didn't know you were going
on I thought you're gonna make some
point of being artists well and I was
gonna make some cynical point about
making money I didn't know you're gonna
make the cynical point I have to cynical
points and oh I'm sorry I am I apologize
as suol cynical points one is there's
not enough profit in half-life 3 okay
and two is they can't do anything
creatively I don't know about an O
people would buy half-life 3 but it
would be a lot of effort and a lot of
money they'd have to spend to make that
profit exactly there's not enough profit
in it okay and from a creative
standpoint they're kind of done with the
series so they can't do anything fun
with it so they don't care creatively
and there's not enough money involved
into it I was gonna make - a cynical
point I'm sorry jack I jumped the gun I
absolutely jumped the gun on you there's
not enough profit because it will cost a
lot of money
to make will be profit it'll just be
it'll be a much more difficult profit
than just making money off of selling
shit on Steam is right they can spend
their time making whatever fucking game
they want and continue to make money off
of steam all right then I have two
questions okay
why either okay why haven't they farmed
it out to somebody else are you to say
because they care about the property was
that is that the answer because they
don't want to be so outs about it
because they care about half-life no
okay
brand retention brand retention it's not
because they care about the property
they care about the quality of content
okay then here's another question
no there's question - will it happen
once Gabe does once the valve has new
cynical greedy management will it happen
in some form even if they sell it out a
new vermin out to someone else new
management now owns all of Valve's
intellectual property yes you know I
guess it depends on how reason it's not
my obsession with branding that is ever
every business fucking cares about their
branding that's what's super important
if you run a business that's not just me
that's every business son-of-a-bitch
I want you to I want you right now to
think about Valve's track record as far
as a game maker is concerned and I want
you to think about the stinkers in their
name a stinker that came out of valve
and I will tell you it is hard to think
of a stinker businesses are nuts about
branding sure everybody write anything
wet so they they won't farm it out in
the danger that even even if it's a like
a an okay game you don't want that on
their track record don't come but new
management new management if they think
it can make money they will absolutely
rush something out the door
ea EA eventually buyers valve oh then
we're seeing episode three four five and
six all within a six month period
absolutely
Oh a3 from anonymous snoot oh my noodle
okay that's a very good point very good
point then you haven't made the blue
blaze have you guys try to leave
dangerous yet a little bit and I should
play more I don't know why I have it but
I'd look neat all right
apparently maybe this is their 70,000
games everyone is selling that
independence plate including Final
Fantasy 15 extra punctuation
Yahtzee crow shows written column does a
does a good write-up of it so okay great
great Highlander a K says I got three
whole subscribers after you retweeted my
video today
you're welcome Highlander okay finally
some well-deserved Fame and recognition
thanks you hacks LOL pool my tool PS is
it fine to use our LM content like that
I'm okay with it he uh Highlander a K
did like a cut of our Gears of War for
video where there's like a still image
where it looked like you were sleeping
okay
and so it was that and then it cut to me
and I was talking and then it cut back
to you and you were sleeping and then it
cut back to me and I was talking and I
thought it was really fun okay okay
as long as you do something creative
it I'm okay with that sounds like
something we would actually do exactly
and that's only speaking for prereq
videos but listen if you do something
creative you get a kick out of it
I thought that was a really fun video
that's why I repeated what Captain Kirk
what Jack what link it it's on my
Twitter go to the go to our Twitter at
previously Rick I had literally
retweeted it this morning I'm on Twitter
Colin Colin was trying to talk to us on
Twitter today about or the other day
about down about consoles becoming more
like PCs and will we ever see consoles
die and whatnot yeah and decided that it
was too long of a post and he needed to
post it on her Facebook we don't have a
Facebook page because I don't have a
Facebook I don't know if I necessarily
want to get facebook just for a
previously recorded page but I might
what just fuck me I'm sorry experimental
editing is okay I think so
d KF FF IV says by the way I wasted two
hours watching the end of your mr.
president YouTube video expecting you to
eventually get it you fucks listen we
aren't any fault we tried goddamnit we
tried we expected to get it - god damn
it oh man a lot of comments on that
video ah comments but having a lot of
fun moderating that one then having a
lot of fun with them okay where are we
in verse a a s and many euro countries
Austria and many euro countries have
proportional representation say you get
10% of the vote you roughly get 10% of
the seats in government this is why
minor parties and coalition's are
important there it would be interesting
but what you would be talking about is
absolutely changing our governing system
and so what you're talking about is a
tall order completely changing the way
arguably the most powerful country on
the planet governs itself rapidly
diminishing as of right now suretrend
sure arguably as of right now America is
the most powerful country in the world
and changing absolutely the way we
govern ourselves is a very tall order
there might be a better way but you not
only need to convince everyone in
America there's better there's a better
way you need to convince the people
already in power that there's a better
way good fucking luck
that's what China wants America to think
yeah if they keep letting us thinking
someone's talking about pineapples I
don't know honest I love clowns they are
so funny
they are my favorite hooray for clowns
they make me laugh ha ha ha clowns are
so great
please Jack please I said it please let
me leave please let me leave we'll see
we'll see if you if you're still talking
like that when I get home that may be
all right you clowns poke Alex in the
eye hot dogs and sandwiches are both
part of a larger category called
sandwich sandwich II objects great Thank
You Boake accent yeah the blue blaze
says that tip about McAvoy and Asha
Milan is about em night's new movies
split you should check out the trailer
it looks like it'll be a good movie even
if you can see the twist coming a mile
away
how about he just does a movie that
doesn't have a twist when hey wouldn't
that be the twist then maybe he wouldn't
be a joke then again did avatar have a
twist Airbender The Last Airbender that
was a film for hire that wasn't a
Shyamalan he directed it though yeah but
that was a director it didn't have a
twist and it didn't go over well did it
flopped I didn't see it so I guess he
did direct what I'm saying is he did
direct a film that didn't have a twist
as far ibly let's see I don't know much
about Airbender but that wasn't a
Shyamalan film you know the Shyamalan
the the the he is a joke film is the
films that he has written and directed
all right so I've heard the Tilson a
creep revival does not have the rights
to use the Cryptkeeper though but yeah
come on that's saying he has something
to do with the tell us that revival all
right which I have heard I don't know if
it's true does not have the right to use
the Cryptkeeper well you need to use the
fucking I know you never I know you do
or else it's not the tales from the
fucking Crypt well technically this is
based on kind of Brooke
keeper I guess the comic book had a crib
keeper but the crypt keeper's it was
different presented differently the Krag
the keeper isn't gonna have that you're
not gonna have that I didn't see the
visit
did you see the visit what is the visit
that's a Shyamalan movie no I did not
say that isn't great is it about a visit
it's about I think it's about it was
about children visiting their
grandparents and their grandparents
might be evil like out in a cabin in the
ceragem howdy do you guys partake in
making stuff for Thanksgiving I'm
excited for a day dedicated to shameless
eating my sis and I usually do a fusion
Taiwanese an American food thing r.i.p
butternut bro Oh butternut bro lately
for thanks gaying I've just gone to
Karen's mother's place since she'd she
just do anything too fancy just looks
like a chicken breast she hasn't done a
whole turkey because no need sure for a
while I was deep-frying turkeys and if
you've ever eaten a deep-fried turkey
you know it is the only way you should
make a turkey because it is so delicious
deep frying a turkey though is very
intensive and it's very messy even it
involves a lot of peanut oil and in
disposing of that peanut oil a lot of
cleanup and a dedicated couple of hours
cooking it outside and normally our
Thanksgivings are pretty cold and so you
have to wait with a boiling turkey
outside okay and that's tough and lately
we haven't we've also had not too many
people coming to our Thanksgiving except
for us and so but I usually do most of
the cooking for Thanksgiving turkey I
make a mean mashed potato man I will
tell you my mashed potatoes they're the
fucking greatest stuffing biscuits
some sort of vegetable and that we don't
usually do anything fancy for the
vegetable a lot of times like baked
brussel sprouts because that'll pair
well with other stuff but I usually do
the majority of the cooking mostly
because I'm I'm pretty good at cooking
and then and then I don't have to do the
dishes you know what that's some
thinking that's something that's
something I'll take care of the cooking
I will be in charge of that you clean it
up hon but usually we have like Lisa's
mom over as well and they don't do it
together and it's fun but biscuit the
cat no biscuits just some just some
classic bisquit Chris quits this quick
crumbly biscuits those are my favourite
kind of biscuits garlic butter mashed
potatoes no not a garlic butter mash
they're actually just regular old mashed
potatoes but it's all in the mashing
process so you know you boil your
potatoes to loosen them up right yes
then you cut them into chunks and send
them through a ricer do note a ricer is
no fucking clue what a ricer is it's a
cup with a sieve on bottom so you know a
bunch of tiny holes and a press and so
you press the potato through the sieve
and then you add in your butter and
cream and mix it all together so you get
perfectly smooth even mashed potatoes
okay no lumps and you add in the cream
to this like rice potatoes and so the
cream and butter are even it's perfect
it's perfect mashed potatoes Yukon Gold
potatoes have a naturally buttery
flavour so they're extra buttery without
Axe adding too much butter it's it's the
way to do it I am not really doing a
cooking show I'm just tell me how I make
Thanksgiving dinner but uh
I love I love I like cooking usually I
don't cook like too much funny food
because of my diet so I usually end up
cooking the same thing and my my
children are pretty picky eaters and so
I end up cooking the same thing often
but uh Thanksgiving I get to go a little
nuts and I like it and I like it but
maybe I'll deep-fry again this year
maybe not it's ahead it's the cleanup is
such a hassle with deep-frying a whole
turkey Jimmy Jim jiminy cricket eject
basket Jack if you could turn any animal
into rich heavens which would it be I
would just turn right right back into
rich so sigh rich I'm gonna turn you in
a rich okay either on mage people saying
it will be over Tuesday but it's just
beginning
Cubs one hell is freezing over and the
bright side it cools global warming and
Jack Fu for getting me into the CWA app
hey you're welcome by the fucking way CW
app is great it's it's it's wonderful if
you like watching all of the shows on CW
of course but I you know there's going
to be a slight amount they make the
shows for like teenage girls apparently
that's those are the type of shows I'm
into all right okay hey hey Timmy okay
with that to each their own
I like to flash I like arrow I like
Supergirl Supergirl this season has been
on fucking points I thought you're gonna
say on Fleck
I could have and I think it's fleet I
thought you're gonna continue the
teenage girl trend theme
i I think Supergirl this season has been
really fantastic more so I love the way
they're doing Cara and she wants she
decided she wants to be a reporter now
and instead of doing like the very
typical thing of she's a really like
naturally just a really great reporter
but her boss just needs to see it she's
actually really terrible at it oh nice
and like her boss is correct you know
she has like a really mean editor yeah
and he's really correct all the time
like you fucking suck at this and you
need to get better and that's really
nice to see it's nice to see a character
with flaws relatable flaws they're
marveling that shit up there marveling
that shit up Flashpoint was as I agree I
agree this stupid alternate timeline
bullshit is the worst god the flash the
thigh he just runs out of enemies so
fast if he wasn't so damn charismatic
I'd be down with that joke he runs out
of enemies so fast huh what do you mean
he runs out of enemies fast
he has no one interesting to fight ever
oh yeah yeah yeah and in the show too I
mean who do you have a guy who is super
fast fight exactly yeah another guy
super fast
and then it's just kind of like to
normal speed people fighting really at
that point you know by the way like the
first two seasons that's what it
devolved into is this guy's really fast
he's your enemy this guy's worth fast
he's here I mean now they have alternate
timeline bullshit and it's it's a it's a
pain in the neck but I love all of the
actors are so damn charismatic and I
just love them for it
I got no dog in that pony show snack
Packard has this been realized yet whoa
what look who the villain is now flash
reverse flash or the rival who's another
speedster or zoom who's a speedster from
an alternate earth dimension that's
the problem led your speedsters there's
a lot of problems but you know what it's
fun it's a fun show
sure sure I've never watched it
oh shit is this a dead end I am fucked
oh we're gonna pay attention No
the trickster Mark Hamill as the
trickster should have never been that
all cuz it was Mark Hamill doing his
Joker voice as a Joker knockoff villain
and while it was cute it just made you
wish he was the Joker and it just made
you want to watch him as the Joker we're
fucked we're absolutely fucked you can
do it rich I believe in you now we're
fucked okay as far as Tuesday being over
there will be a slight amount of hissy
fitting but I think a lot of a lot of it
will die down
oh yeah we're so fucked oh you are so
fucked where does that one above that
one go well that might get you out of it
for the third jump
so fucked
was he the trickster a 90s flash as well
that's funny yeah that's why they that
was a gimmick okay I you know what I
barely remember the 90 / the 90s flashes
his dad I think that's hilarious
okay anonymous says the guitar ah score
will be awesome during Wonder Woman spin
transformation what but that's that was
her her theme music like the guitar was
like you remember no I don't remember at
all it completely I'm memorable and
that's terrible it's terrible fucking
music and I just hope it's not in the
movie I really hope it's not maybe for
the end credits but I just don't want it
in the movie because fucking the worst
anonymous it seems like the 21st century
sucks the yes you just noticed the
dot-com bust Bush versus Gore 9/11 on
Enron priest rape Iraq Katrina the o8
crash the Tea Party Syria the net the
Newton shooting ISIL brexit Trump
thoughts I think there's a lot that was
a lot of words well that would be saying
all the bad but you know what I we got
fucking the Internet and we got FTL and
we have indoor plumbing man we have
fucking indoor plumbing I don't think
you understand how fucking great that is
I I think there's a lot of good and I
think there's a lot of bad and good in
every century we're going through a bit
of a shit time right now cuz it's
election season but I think there's so
there's so much fucking good in the
world we're full of shit we're going to
Mars we're getting solar panel roof
tiles we got we got green M&Ms; now like
everything's great
hot dogs in every corner I think I think
there's so much fucking good and I'm so
fucked rich I got fire I know door
control riches oh I need to get out of
here quick you don't have a fire not yet
but this fucking solar flare event Oh
you leave Elon Musk alone we're going to
fucking Mars no we're not doing it this
is I think relatively speaking we're
going to help you oh that's the only
where we're going relatively speaking to
other centuries we're doing pretty
fucking awesome right now
oh and firing and this is all great this
this is just perfect this is just what I
wanted
this is just what I wanted isn't not my
FTL night that's right we're getting
we're getting fucking robot cars
everybody we're getting that I'll put
all the truckers out of business and it
will fucking ruin the economy what we
have to figure out a new economy that's
gonna be fine we're gonna be fine we're
getting robot cars everybody's gonna be
fine game child UK how's the weather in
Wisconsin right now oh this is fuck
oh you got so fucked
people are living past their 20s this
century right fuckin'-a man
fuckin'-a the weather in Wisconsin right
now is unseasonable warm today for now
today was 70 degrees I went for a walk
today in my t-shirt
it is currently unseasonable warm and
it's weird but you know it's how it
works now wearing shorts down here also
a wear want to move permanently to more
colder climate wearing shorts down here
also ever been to the Twin Cities and if
yes do you like it yes I like I like the
Twin Cities it's gonna get really cold
really fast cuz that's what happens here
we didn't get our hoverboards so we
won't be get we already have fucking
robot cars there they're here already
you can't stop them here already
you're here already robot cars are
driving already and it's gonna be great
because it's gonna force some new
economic standards on people or we'll
just watch just devolve into a
third-world nation when there's nobody
in the lower-class making any kind of
money at all well that's why it's gonna
force us into a new economic situation
like I could force this into a worse one
oh sure sure I mean I don't think that's
going to happen though because you know
why if you think there's gonna be a
government minimum income for everybody
you're dreaming you're dreaming they're
never gonna let that happen here's
here's why it's gonna happen they're
never gonna let that it's never gonna
happen
never here's what's going to happen
here's why it's gonna happen if they'd
be glad to see everyone starve to death
before that happened that is not true
that is definitely because if everyone
starts to that there will be no one
around to buy the self-driving cars
nobody stubbly businesses business
requires people to make money and once
businesses realize that their future
technology means putting a bunch of
people out of work
that means people not buying their
products means it's gonna happen if
business rules the day as we discussed
earlier you said you know money controls
everything they want people to be making
money to buy their shit it's gonna
happen
Ribbit's yes robots all over the place
and you're right beat master you can't
stop it and autonomous cars do not go
well together in the same sentence
autonomous cars you can't stop them I
might be living in a dream world but
that's how I see it going I you know
what I don't see myself as naive I see
myself as optimistic that's why you need
a guaranteed annual income rich yes I
know that but the people in charge are
never going to let that happen
they don't Wisconsin doesn't want people
to have food stamps and you want you
want them to just give people a living
wage it's not gonna happen like I said
it's one of those things where as soon
as business owners realize that they
will be losing money it will happen so
fucking fast your head will spin
how does the economy in our where's that
money coming from what do you mean Oh
like minimum the minimum yes I'm sure it
will it will have to come from taxation
it'll have to come from the taxation of
the business owners but they still need
to spend business owners they still need
to spend that money for the business
owners will be paying to give money to
the people to buy their products yes so
how are they going to make a profit when
the money they're getting obviously they
will be good as the money they're giving
they will be getting more how will be
giving a fucking how fucking I don't
know it'll work and if it doesn't it
won't how will they be getting more how
does that how does that I'm pretty I'm
you know I'm not I'm not like some kind
of weird libertarian who nobody should
have anything but I mean this model
doesn't sound like it works I mean I'm
not an and Rand guy
but I don't see how you could sustain
that mm-hmm well you know obviously you
have you have some people still in the
workforce you just have a dramatically
reduced number in the workforce right
but there are still technically people
technically speaking there are still
like people are still working at a
factory job right not as many people so
those people have to pay a little bit of
money the people making the money have
to pay a little bit of money I don't
know you know listen I'm not an
economist people will still be
productive if the basic it'd be
productive in a basic income situation
they will be hey all right look I don't
mind if it works I don't mind that
sounds like a great safety net it you're
not to worry about losing your job and
you're guaranteed minimum income that
sounds great it's the only if if we want
capitalism to survive it's the only
viable income we have health care right
now that really isn't free health care
right and we have a lot of people who
are frothing at the mouth about it and
you think you think this minimum income
think is gonna happen I'm not saying
it's gonna happen soon okay don't got
this this is not something that's going
to happen in the next eight years with
Hillary this is something that down the
line will need to happen okay absolutely
I think it's the only option if we are
looking at keeping capitalism around
because the second people start losing
their jobs to robots which is already
happening they're not they're no longer
buying products and if they're not
buying products the people selling
products won't make money and they'll
everything will crumble and I don't
think that they're dumb enough to let
everything crumble right my brain was no
down there so the people that lose their
jobs robots yes which is already
happening okay won't be able to buy
products yes and if they're not able to
buy products the people who sell
products then you have Gary Indiana
right on a national scale yes on a
global scale s and I want to believe
that the people who make all that money
are smart enough to not want that to
happen okay
you're I think you're stretching I don't
think this is a stretch at all like this
this is just natural progression of
things dystopia children of men you know
but people who maintain and repair those
robots will beginning to Jeff this is
what I'm saying is that like where I'm
not talking about like everyone in the
country receiving money I'm talking
about a guaranteed minimum so if you
don't have a job you have a guaranteed
minimum you can still buy products and
that pays for the person's job who makes
the product and that pays for the
person's job who who employs the person
who makes that product and each of those
people give a little bit of money to the
one person who buys the product and that
makes sense to me I'm not suggesting
communism at all I'm accepting I'm I'm
saying yes there will be there will
needs to be some socialism evil cumquat
says the problem is business owners
these days do not think that far ahead
they have a looter mentality with our
economy and I agree but eventually that
will crumble
there is a business I know I will not
mention that business okay because it is
a business I know okay and they employed
a lot of people yeah they had they had
over a hundred employees and they were
having a really big problem of employee
turnover they were lose they kept losing
employees which is fine that they could
find new employees but what they
discovered is they were spending a ton
of money every year in new employee
training yeah and those employees
weren't as efficient as the older
employees but they were losing older
employees because they did not want to
raise salaries and that was a big
problem for them because they were
looking at their bottom line and
and well if we raise salaries we'll be
losing money but they were losing even
more money in the rehiring of people
until someone came in and said well if
we give our current employees more money
they will stick around and we won't have
that expense and so I and eventually
after spending so much money they did
realize that the smart call was just
giving their people more money to keep
them around yeah again this is not gonna
happen soon
and we're probably going to see the hint
of a dystopian future before we come
around we're gonna the whole country is
gonna look like Flint Michigan we're
gonna we're gonna be hurtin for a little
bit so you know stock up on bottled
water just for a little bit but I think
it'll get there I think it'll get there
yes after so much money loss they will
they will eventually come around to be
like well let's see if we all pool in a
little bit of money then people can buy
our products again let's see here where
were we anonymous so rich old buddy Oh
pal I must have misheard you you have
plans for Thanksgiving you mean we get
an all-day stream with karyn's to him
for Thanksgiving great
I'm canceling dinner lol hump my rump uh
Jack what are your kids favorites and
least favorites foods you've said their
taste and entertainment is bad what
about food also twitch prime peeps don't
forget to sub sub selectively don't
auto-renew how long is a little bit oh
no not seven years I I mean this we're
probably not gonna see the start of this
for God 15 20 years this is where this
is well down the road
kids favorite food or french fries if
they could only eat french fries that's
all they would ever eat is french fries
french fries are their life french fries
is is love to them when I make them a
meal with french fries they make sure
they say they love me this is the
greatest dinner daddy you made french
fries that's all they care about is
french fries cheese fries you gotta have
the cheese fries no no I don't like
cheese they don't like any cheese both
of them both of them we've had some
slight success with string cheese and
that's that does not compute and very
recently we've had a little success with
grilled cheese I think you've told me
this before I just didn't register
because I can't I can't I understand the
concept because cheese is delicious
Jesus delicious wonderful yeah once you
love cheese absolute love cheese
absolutely
but here we are in a situation in which
children do not like cheese I don't I
just don't believe that is a thing that
can happen it's true it's a thing that
happens I deny the existence of a child
who does not love cheese there they have
so many foods that they just refuse to
eat their children that is tolerance
that's like the least favorite is you
know that's just a thing their their
taste in entertainment isn't always bad
but sometimes bad you know they're kids
they don't they don't care they don't
care about you know the nuances of
storytelling they just want to see the
goofy thing fall down every once in a
while we can agree something that we
want we all want to watch and if they
want to watch their stupid thing I'll go
and do something else
slosh from duck tales hey guys hope
you're doing well rich how do you
reconcile your dislike for turn-based
combat in RPGs with the turn-based
combat in Epcot and the pause feature an
FTL depth
so the depth of what you're doing rather
than you take turns whacking at each
other or your your move here do this
while this will balance of then hmm how
do I handle this
versus the Pokemon that's the difference
and as someone who's okay with
turn-based combat I agree with Richard a
whole heart have you never seen X come
you have to like position your guys and
think ahead of time and see where their
guys are moving and flank and there is
infinitely more strategy involved FTL is
kind of a different beast you know
obviously the pause make yeah turn-based
but it's I think the I think FTL can be
it can be considered a wholly different
thing
no fear no envy rich when the truck
drivers get replaced other consumers
have more buying power that bids up the
cost of health care and dumb internet
videos creating more jobs sure alright
I'm just I'm just heard and suggested
then the loss of the truck drivers would
be a pretty big hit because there are a
lot of truck drivers strength to be
transferred every industry every
brick-and-mortar store has a truck
driver that shows up there with boxes
yep there are a lot of truck drivers one
of the largest employers in America is
the transportation industry yep
absolutely us losing our truck drivers
would be devastating to the American
worker it's also one of you know it's
it's one of those few on you don't need
a education to be a truck driver beyond
knowing how to drive truck obviously so
it's one of those few jobs where you
don't necessarily need a college degree
to do and there are fewer and fewer jobs
like you know career jobs in which you
don't need a college education to do so
we're talking about low education low
skill employment which is disappearing
at a pretty large rate which is a huge
deal which is why stuff like like like
free you know like that's a big thing
for Bernie Sanders and for the
Democratic platform is you know free
college education because you gotta stay
up but you got to stay ahead of
education you have to stay ahead in
education and as far as jobs are
concerned it's it's incredibly important
because our unskilled laborers laborer
sorry our unskilled labor market is
disappearing you know why America was a
superpower after World War Two why that
because scientists well also we did we
dropped like two big bombs because
scientists to change today we're now
doing bombs out that without this like a
football player made those bombs
what no truck driver
well no truck driver either now I do
think more construction jobs are
possible to offset trucks are the
transportation industry is one of the
largest employers in not employers but
you know what I'm saying yeah
working in transportation is one of is
the law if not the largest job market in
America it will be devastating I need
some fucking weapons to pair with this
fucking halberd god damnit you usually
trade skills does involve higher
education not necessarily college
education but education in that trade
skill still counts as higher education
free college isn't just about any
college it's also about getting free
trade school we have a lot of trade
schools in Wisconsin and they cost money
to go to I'm not just talking about
going you know going to uw-madison I'm
talking about also about going to a
trade school to learn air conditioner
repair and the like which is equally as
important and I see I see I see you
typing I saw you typing um you know us
liberals not worried not worried about
the trade schools only worried about
traditional college and that is not true
at all trade school vocational rehab
apprenticeships all very important
usually any job requires some sort of
education Becky asked nicely and I
forgot the name of the guys for sure as
soon as I can get to my menu I'll maybe
grade
from mashed potatoes to Education
Employment policy I love jumping in and
out of the stream train of thought man
stream of conscious this is where we go
what jobs have you guys had I've had so
many fucking jobs I've had so many
goddamn jobs I was a clown did you guys
know that did you guys know as a clown
for a while I haven't had a large number
of jobs oh yeah yeah no I've had a lot
of different jobs like different types
of jobs or you know I'm good I've I've I
bounced around dive time for another
chimp I was a camera I was dead anyway
fuck's a clown it's a wedding DJ was
there much money in clowning
uh yeah yeah yeah there's decent money
in clowning that was when I was really
young and so like I didn't do it very
often but you know I think I was like
you know 14 15 at the time and it was
pretty great 14 15 year old became a
wedding DJ I was a butcher for a while I
learned how to butch which was great
telemarketer of course a dispatcher
office manager had many jobs clowning is
a job I did I went to a school to learn
how to clown yes
a school that taught me the finer arts
of clowning boldly they rode says hey
guys hope you're doing well is rich
aware Sergeant Mark four has finished
brutal doom 64 yeah I don't care about
doom 64 that's great
buddies accomplish that but if I don't
like a look at the sprites I think
they're ugly oh okay it's great it's
great
hint hint we all love do my dreams so I
think I get it put them putting that I
get it
jack of all trades master of none yes
that is what I am I bounced around a lot
how about a store I'm gonna store this
nip vibe I could buy things weapons
sorry Jen says yes politics but how
about that Phoenix right for my birthday
ish search and if I remember correctly
your birthday is in early December I bet
we could make that happen
I bet we can make that happen you bounce
a lot Jack I do bounce a lot I was I was
a bit of an aimless youth it took me it
took me a while to realize that I wanted
to make videos like I've always made
them but it took me a while to realize
that's what I wanted to do I think I I
picked up on it later like looking back
I would yeah I would have focused in on
that maybe gone to school for it but to
me school was kind of pointless because
I didn't have a goal so like I might
have gone to school for hand I decided
on that early
but I didn't figure I didn't figure out
till a little to light that that's just
what really made me happy and what I was
obviously passively good enough at to
make money at but stoner Jack was an
aimless youth really exactly I'm you
know not saying that had something to do
with it but maybe that had something to
do with him no I also just I was aimless
in general in or out of drugs and just
you know I bounced around and it is
tricky turning your hobby into your job
and yeah part of it part of me didn't
want to make that jump like I had I had
a paycheck you know over here I had a
paycheck and giving up the guaranteed
paycheck for the possible paycheck is
really tough and I mean fuck at the time
I had a kid on the way
like I was married and I had a house and
I had a kid coming and you know luckily
you know my wife was very supportive and
yeah she had a job and and we I got a
couple lucky breaks with early jobs and
made the jump made the fucking jump and
it was tough it was a really stressful
time and you know it still is a really
stressful time both my wife and I are
self-employed and which means neither of
us have a guaranteed income and we just
keep working luckily our luckily well
you know what and even without our alum
I had I have good work
you know like Funny or Die happened and
I got jobs out of those videos and I
networked and got jobs out of just
people I met hey you make videos I need
a video for this thing and agree we can
make a video and now I get to be here
and it's great and everything's great
and you can't fucking tell me it's not
great I think it's great except for I'm
losing my voice look if I fix all of the
whole and I don't invest in those
weapons and I'm just gonna keep losing
more holes because I'm not able to do
enough damage quickly enough yep
I wonder if tax wife made him wear
skimpy outfits in exchange for his
allowance yeah yeah no I had to do I had
to do different things like watch my
kids you oh my and do the dishes and
cook the meals I still am mostly a
househusband
because I work on the house so I get the
kids ready for school everyday I take
them to school I pick him up from school
I cleaned the house I do so I do most of
that shit because of homos oh that's
right bellick over rich is juggling
resources people
let the man juggle come on halberd
halberd charge up faster halberd fucking
me over shadow Elliot finds his Jack
have you considered forcing your kids to
watch c-span listening to hours of
Congress talking about laws passed you
know the non boring kind your kids might
enjoy it I know it's a bad joke I think
like we we do a pretty good job of like
limiting their screen time so I honestly
think that they would be just okay
watching anything if it's on TV like if
there's a TV humming oh my god we're
fucked oh Jesus you're so fucked
why is that drone so fucking fast cuz
it's a mark - that's a goddamn fast
drone and I keep missing with the laser
so I can't get a good shot in with the
Hallberg they were just fucked it's not
working yes dad is working jeana's love
oh you know what I'm dumb I didn't have
the point anyway look what didn't you
have that drone Wow
you didn't have the drone I don't have
it up that should have superfast drone I
can't even believe it it's a boom boom
yeah yeah we're done yeah all right as a
nasty run I'm sorry - it happens great
you're right
are any of my kids teachers fans of rlm
or prereq as far as I know nobody Emma
bleah not nobody at my children's
schools no and hopefully they never
learned things that I do like I've
talked to them about the things that I
do and they know that I you know I do
live streaming and video game but you
know I don't believe anyone knows of rlm
or previously recorded they know what I
do I don't believe any of them are fans
I'm I know I was trying to just kill
things faster I would have been dead
anyway
should have jumped yeah I keep jumping
and I keep wasting fuel I keep gaining
no resources because you're not killing
anything
you're fucked either way you made a call
right you made a tactical tactical move
and it didn't work out yeah exactly
congratulations epic Jason's today is
the 17th anniversary of an anime project
I've been working on since 1999
officially I've completed 286 designs
and I've gotten positive responses from
10 actors and nine actresses including
Rutger Howard wish me the best of luck
in the distant future best of luck
that's elective for that thing
the thing with Rutger Hauer Rutger Hauer
anonymous nope a par a pathetic derp
jack
I'm considering moving to Detroit I'm
gonna stop reading right there why
dirt-cheap Virginia Turkey to Detroit
from California Oh for medical reasons
my diet is mostly produce I need very
little meat bread dairy salt or sugar
thoughts on eating healthy in the
Midwest winter I go to the grocery store
and you buy the healthy food this isn't
like magic we still have grocery stores
it's not like it's not like you have to
go to the farm or
or preserves interest in your root
cellar I'm sure wherever you move to in
Detroit will have a fucking Piggly
Wiggly or pick and save or a Walmart
superstore yeah you can you can still
find vegetables most people have thinks
of the Midwest as the flyover zone
that's all we are
that's fucking doesn't realize that
there's civilization like you can go
pretty fall far out and still find a
Walmart Supercenter and even in Walmart
they carry like fucking lettuce find a
store that's owned by one of the major
grocery chains might not be called
Kroger's but I'm sure Kroger owns a
chain somewhere my year near Detroit and
is fucking anything man they're
Albertsons Irv
I'm sure there's a grocery store don't
worry about dude don't fucking worry
about it yes Detroit is in what's called
the no fly and then at the no flies on
the I thought you're talking about
something else that you said fly over
zone hey miss red you said the no-fly
zone oh okay I misread that is the fly
over zone as I understand it's just the
entire Midwest everything everything
that's not the Easter Westco anything
that's not New York or Los Angeles is
flyover country the the country that the
bigwigs have to fly over anonymous says
this is grim but a serious question do
you believe in forced population control
could have a positive impact on our
economic outlook and the labor force how
do you feel about population control
that's a very grim question you're
either it's a population control you are
either talking about telling people when
they can have children or killing people
how is that going to help the way Social
Security is set up you just want the
current generation have more and more
kids she had more people putting money
into that right I
yeah the idea is you have less people
coming in to maintain a stable workforce
I think I think you are talking about a
system that is absolutely unenforceable
you want you wanna you wanna stop China
yeah and Lana and oh how great does that
work I'm just saying never unenforceable
how how great does that work China's
economy is fuckin booming they're also
killing people and exporting that is a
question that's not the question and
their economy is only booming because of
slave labor that's not the question
yeah it's terrible but as a country it's
working for them I think it's the point
I guess that's kind of what I meant by
unenforceable is no no one would
actually allow that to happen here in
America you're assuming it wouldn't be
forced upon America at some point in a
hypothetical future I am assuming that
it's the breakdown of society that has
happened after the trucker's have all
lost their jobs and the whole country
looks like Flint Michigan oh I'm sorry
the trucker's who are also probably like
half the guns the mid-america 2016 is
the end of democracy I don't buy them if
we didn't I wish we you know end the
stream if we didn't have all these names
to read and we have more tips we got we
got more get them get through Zilla four
nope Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
speaking of bond ki-moon the the UN
secretary who did a high-five in a
high-five video hey hey of mine we won
that we stole from it was that in the
Africa's that was in the Africa's and
man we talked their way into that one
what game was that that story in what's
my stream well no that's a different
that was a dinner - that but just the
the infiltration story which were gaming
with Lang's
if you if you weren't here for that you
should check out that story I was one of
my great infiltration stories that not
we didn't that wasn't the one where we
infiltrated ban ki-moon okay but we got
into we got into a state but a part of
the same general trip it just wasn't
that yeah that I have a whole nother
story
oh my god another one on how we got in
an NFL party Leonardo DiCaprio is in a
documentary with him on Nat Geo it's on
YouTube before the flood check it out
see how fucked Greenland and Miami are
oh yeah the new a new global warming
documentary yeah and its babies just
saying guys were so fucked
which is true we're so fucked Zilla four
thousand hey prereq i got myself a
paypal just so i can tip you guys a nice
$2.00 stay awesome thank you keep
playing these games
keep kicking ass we will Zilla four
thousand they should really be spending
that money on like bottled water and
survival gear for the upcoming fall of
democracy Jack says anonymous I'm 33 and
I have not done much with my life I'm
where him I'm 39 I haven't done much of
my life I'm working on my second
bachelor's degree game design and hoping
this time around I can get a lucky break
thanks for sharing your personal story
keep working man just keep working and
keep learning from your mistakes
if you gotta you gotta live when you
fuck up you got to listen to why you
fucked up you can't be like our systems
out to get me
you gotta learn why you fucked up and
get better but sometimes the system is
out to get you know you can do it I
believe in you dr. Gunter who drank er
why don't you play Marvel heroes it's on
Steam and free you handsome
why should I plan fuck why should I play
him what let's what's in it for me
nothing the ego key is snuck in a very
late tip rich China's economy yeah it's
not booming they're having a major
crisis and there is an article linking
okay crisis okay okay that's what I'm
saying is settle the fuck down about
murdering babies and whatnot population
fuck about no babies
apparently not cuz their commies boomin
they're acting that Kannamma King it's
for you fucks I know it Marvel heroes is
for you fucks and I know DC Universe
Online is for you flex I were ready to
read in my voice is Joe Flacco Elite is
Joe Flacco elite says almost broke but I
figured you guys deserve another $4.99
keep up the good work hex how you do of
Lego Lord Belmont for 20 fucking months
in a row and Lord Belmont says going to
play the 7th guest soon so we can shut
the fuck up about it I don't know man do
we have it we might have the 7th guest
yeah I think I might have it I don't
know if you do do we I'm looking to see
if we have it it might be on my Steam
where's my phone I think it's then is it
even on the same reception there is do I
you don't have it what's the tilde mean
oh that's reviews yeah you don't have it
but I might have it all that it was
gifted to us
don't don't add it to cart I think I
have it no and I just opened up a crypt
of the necrodancer
alone and out of my wish lists all games
and I have it yes like that okay I have
I don't know if we're gonna play I don't
worry I don't know if we're gonna play
it and I don't know if you'll ever shut
up about it
I don't know if we're gonna play it
don't know never shut up about right
don't have it scarred I have it we have
it
all right at the car why I have it
I was gonna do the thing but you can't
let the cat out of the bag I was gonna
all right we're gonna play the seventh
guess it was gonna turn it on yeah I was
gonna in the stream that was my plan but
you kept saying well you put it your
card where you put it your cartridge
wait wait why are you quietly and
silently putting that in your cart to
purchase and install that at the last
minute why are you doing that rich I
didn't pick up on your cube yes you got
it you have what am I supposed to do you
have to find out we tweet what you know
what we need rich what off stream we
need a we need it we need to shut up and
trust me Q something like this huh
something like you know like two fingers
like this we need because this has
happened on multiple occasions we need
to shut up and trust me Q okay we're
gonna think about that all right all
right we're gonna play some cast and
does everyone imagine it close your eyes
and pretend you there I have everybody
we're gonna play the seventh guests now
yeah in stream and it's yeah that would
have been funny whatever very funny
I guess we're staying up late tonight to
find the seventh again yeah I get it
I got listen we're like I said we're
gonna work on a Q rebel base just
subscribe would teach prime mister bibs
for 17 months in a row mr. Pibb says the
17th number is the least
funniest one I think that's seventh
actually seventh is the least funniest
no no no 17 Ranger XT the real net boy
says a Sox had come on Ritchie what's
what's wrong with the Sox hat
what's wrong with the sax how'd you like
the Sox
yes I'm not like like I'm not a fan of
the Cubs yeah and I'm a fan of the Sox
so I my socks hat as I have frequently
been doing for 10 years just cuz the
Cubs a team I don't care for or root for
when the World Series
why am i obligated to not wear this you
know you can wear that whatever the fuck
you want fuck that guy wait can we talk
about team allegiance yeah why what are
the circumstances for rooting for a team
and and altering your rooting interest I
I found you almost never alter your
rooting interest wherever you were born
is your team that's just you're you're
really you are that's what I've found
unilaterally I so I know people who were
raised in Wisconsin and have moved out
of state out of country and remain to be
Packer fans because that is their team
Mike Mike roots for the Green Bay
Packers know since he came up her oh
this Mike not allowed to root for the
Green Bay Packers that I mean that's an
exception right like I I have found that
was he a big Bears fan he was never a
huge fan no so he didn't he never had an
allegiance if once you have an
allegiance it making me it could be any
team anywhere no it has to be your team
you have to I believe you have to it has
to be your City team does it have to
whatever you're asking someone who
doesn't care about sports this because
most Milwaukee Milwaukee loves the
Packers the plain Green Bay
that's no we're fucking near like
there's no one it's nowhere fucking near
Milwaukee it's the Bears are a lot
closer
but it's our state team oh I see the
nurse I see that's I know we're trying
to end here but I'm gonna tell dirty
little secret oh I'm fell during a
little secret
what when I was a kid I like the Cubs
I like the Cubs when I was a kid oh no
they were bright you know they had their
their brightly goofy colored uniforms oh
yeah they look nice that was all it
really was to it
bright blue yeah you know I got a little
bit older I didn't really think much
about baseball yeah at all
I I it just wasn't in the back of my
head the sport but when I got older I I
had a hour-long commute to work
I was working sometimes they had me in
Naperville and sometimes I forgot was I
forgot what the name of the frickin city
is it's for the McDonald's headquarter
is okay Woodridge it's somewhere up
somewhere up there and I had a fuck an
hour drive there and I'm not a big music
guy and the radio stations just kept
playing shit I didn't care about so I
would I would listen to baseball games
okay there's a little bit older I wasn't
a kid anymore I'm like fer the Cubs but
the Sox are wrong you know what stupid
to hate the Sox for no reason no I'll
try to listen to some Sox games so you
know kind of listen to both but I
preferred the Cubs sure sure and then
2003 happen like that cops were in the
playoffs the Steve Bartman incident
happened okay and oh was that ugly the
the fans crew the support via if you
don't know the Steve Bartman incident
the Cubs were in the playoffs it was
they they had to win was it one more
game to go to the World Series they were
up three to one in the series
Edwyn one more game and this poor Cubs
fan in the stands see he goes up to grab
this fall ball and the Cubs player
couldn't get it because he went to reach
for it so did ten other people right but
this one guy Steve Bartman took all the
heat and they blamed him for the Cubs
not going to the World Series even
though the Cubs had to lose two more
games for that to happen right everyone
blamed this poor guy the fans did they
had to sneak him out of the stadium it
was really ugly the players fucking
blamed him what it was like this is this
is really disgusting yeah it was kind of
my thought yeah and then they they have
you know there's all that shit but like
afterwards
the ceremony to blow up the ball and I'm
like this is what this is just retarded
Harold Ramis is ceremonially blowing up
a baseball on live TV and they're
talking about fucking goats and this is
pathetic
this is fucking pathetic and then the
players like like the year after they
everyone would like blame each other for
why the team wasn't doing good these
guys are all jerks I can't stand the
fanbase I can't stand the fan culture
and so then I started with my socks okay
you know I started watching more White
Sox games then they got really good it
was like perfect timing
mmm and that's how I switched my
allegiance the my own the counter thing
I mean that's a great story about
switching allegiance though both your
City teams both the teams in which you
were local to would you ever change your
allegiance to of the Brewers or the
Denver Nuggets or the I literally that's
the only baseball teams I know or the
Yankee I mean not the Yankees here's the
thing I probably wouldn't is that silly
or is that rational sport sports fandom
is irrational to me okay okay
III alike in sports fandom to religion
where you know people think that the
religion they were born into is the only
one true religion same go with sports
team I was born in this city so this is
my sports team and I think it's dumb and
so you switched allegiances but you
switched to your other team in your city
okay okay it's still the same don't like
I don't but I don't get sports I'm not a
sports guy you know I did say the Denver
Nuggets that's a team I knew a parent
when I was a kid I didn't like the White
Sox I'll say that when I was a kid it's
still your home team okay you are still
you're just rooting for your different
home team what what football team do you
root for if you live in LA
fucking I don't know no you know what no
one who lives in LA was born in LA so
they vote for their their teams
everyone everyone I know who lives in LA
somewhere else right okay so here we go
back on bang on the sports teams where
were we do we do a rebel base yeah we
did 17 months in row
yeah we're on Ranger XT the real nut boy
the real nut boy says Owen I read that
one Sox head come on Ritchie will fuck
you feminine chicken Mick buttocks great
Swedish AI for 14 months in a row
Swedish AI says my birthday is November
8th so this year I get to celebrate it
and the end of the world as we know it
have a good election everybody
TCL p99 925 fucking months in a row
emery 801 23 fucking months in a row
emery anyone says holy crap 23 months
fudge me sideways I'm just gonna you
read this one too because I need a front
of it
oh yes spooky Dookie 22 fucking months
in a row I do love that one dad fat a
forty two twenty two fucking months in a
row 22 why Herman I don't Denzel
Washington Oh bad guy lot cock j23
Euler's number Captain James May
leftover beefcake twenty four fucking
months in a row and and beefcake says
almost two years of the twat until you
guys get the invoice agooo i can finally
retire to Fiji
yeah monkey man hi castle humberto
Cabbage Patch 420 two fucking months in
a row humberto Cabbage Patch says Steve
Bartman should throw out the first pitch
at Wrigley Field next year Harmon Z
Mama's he says thanks for persuading me
to make a double digits make it to
double digits you assholes
keep it up the great will so do you want
me just to take over because I can hear
your voice it is like I feel no pain but
yeah that's fine jerkwad live says
Klaatu Barada nikto in phorus you rest
your voice is fine you in for us says
six months still unemployed but at least
I get to watch you fucks
six more Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says thunderous applause Harry fed 21
fucking months in a row lol fuck my cock
ho Cooper old Chris twenty four fucking
months in a row
Pizza Train 1121 fucking months in a row
Artie mental fusion Lando was taken 25
fucking months in a row Lando was taken
says blessed are the cheese makers mmm
I should know I play starter Valley plus
it are that she's also done the cheese
makers Derek Lloyd waffle tale 15 months
in a row foreign cylinder riot crew 29
fucking months in a row and holy shit I
can't believe we're getting to 30 that's
that's some insane shit there right crew
says don't don't for president I can't
fuck this up
don't for presidential candidates you
don't like twats do you know that
apparently it's lats well it's not
that's what the people they say that if
they're if they're from from my ear I'm
Brian this is Tuan and starts it's
definitely taught that I'm stupid you
know what it wat that says all of twat
makes it lose all of its power yes yes
what the real van twelve months in a row
girl dances rich I've heard a great
solution to having to vote against the
lesser of two evils have none of the
above on the ballot if none wins
no one is elected the election is done
again and none of the people on the
ballot the first time around can run
again it would take 17 years to find a
precedence but that's the only problem I
could see with that fro dead that we
throwed that be thrown at me says
finally my European ass is awake to
press this button during stream
samer mouth big fat man 873 exploding
varmint nice Preston Freeman no fear no
Envy 21 fuckin months in a row okay
there it says no fear no he says insert
enrich 7 / Cubs joke here oh you know
what I'll actually insert the joke okay
go ahead what's the difference between
Wrigley Field and a cactus I don't know
what is the difference between a Wrigley
Field and a cactus a cactus has 30,000
pricks on the outside game child UK says
three months ago I stopped being a cheap
fraud hack enjoy being a patron of your
streams keep them coming
we'll do that you give Joe W dude
chuttan w w JD Daniel Tosh and the end
of that didn't flow if I was gonna say
something else but that was just the end
this there's no sentence for me to run
into you kind of waited on I'll read the
statement right after now I can't read
the statement there's no statement WWJD
Daniel Tosh that's how you should say
that otherwise salad or ever solo 56
underscore seven modren sixteen months
in a row I'm playing Schindler's List
them at the turkey factory reckless
twenty five fucking months in a row
reckless says Jesus has it really been
twenty five months thanks for all you do
guys and keep up the good work
lol grab my pussy blood burn and a
horrible glory twenty four fucking
months in a row horrible glory says you
guys glitched last time and missed my
shoutout so you will now read it and
read it in its entirety
JJ's fanservice oh I see what you did
there alright as a stream have a nice
night but fuckers
