Episode 234
Roller Coasting (Rich & Karin)
December 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM52UUfuaS4
___________________________________________

it is also I'm maybe an inch over five
feet tall on a good day yep and he's you
know an inch or two under six if that so
he's got a foot on me in general okay
one of the music stop for the game where
I had just turn though I turn I put it
on silent well we were just to hear it
again
of course they do stop now I cannot go
over to together I couldn't stop her
from playing this game she's already got
a whole damn park built and that's just
my first kind of experimental Park
really oh it's your despair mental Park
I'm sorry yeah now in those times that I
didn't know when I started building my
park and I finally like started to learn
how to build buildings and I've
discovered how that there's like a
workshop where other people's steam
workshop or other people's buildings are
that I can well start start with the
basics but what the hell is this game
okay this is the spiritual successor to
rollercoaster tycoon 3 I mean it's it's
it's a theme park simulator it's not too
big on the management elements it's well
to be fair I don't think you've you just
played around on the sandbox so that's
the thing people are complaining and
probably legitimately that you know it's
too easy in terms of Manton elements so
though I haven't really tried to play a
scenario but still I mean but yeah like
it's somebody who likes to build rides
and build buildings and just make stuff
and then watch little imaginary people
run around in it it's your dream come
true
so what what do you do in this game
where how do you what do you do you you
you hit the play button and it plays you
hit the play button and and you create
little theme parks and then you can ride
the rides you can hire people and
entertainers and and janitors and
and then you know they get pissed off
because their jobs boring so then you
placate them with training or work oh
this is just I learned how to build
things so I built one of these things
and then I from like like parts that are
in the game yeah I mean there's like
four of these little you duplicated them
because you learned how to duplicate
that the day yeah yeah they really don't
do much maybe I could put them on top of
a castle it was basically me seeing how
to create an object and how to duplicate
that object and how to set that object
this one is set to trigger automatically
when they pass this piece of track but
that's what like how do you build an
object like what do you look like are
they just like blocks what is worth
building and those are buildings yes
those are buildings custom and then you
have like things like walls and stuff
where is it why is it not showing up
okay so here's a wall
oh it's fine a bigger wall and then if
you hold shift you can first I got to
put the wall down here here's the wall
they kind of automatically stack okay
shifted oh you can rotate the pieces
I'll get the last stream steps we're in
a talking about roller planet planet
coaster right I was want to say roller
tycoon well there was first there was
roller-coaster tycoon and it had some
expansion packs and there's roller
coaster tycoon 2 which just had kind of
more stone 3 and its own expansion packs
2 and 1 are look very similar but
they're both like an ISO you know four
views yeah can make things a little bit
fake 3d yeah fake 3d which can make
things a little bit tricky when you're
trying to build a ride because it's hard
to see like if things don't line up with
only four views it's hard to see why
it's it's a perfectly circular train
because Karyn was just experimenting
with building things her yeah I just put
down out loud I just put down the
station and said connect them because I
wanted to
work with the the timing for things to
go off when the train went by them this
is an utterly boring park you want to
see a better park but you could build
your own house basically yes you can
build a house you can build more than
your own house like like users can
upload this shit too right yes like it
for speed saying like what people built
what if people built with this thing
well some really amazing shit let's see
under what no my blueprints ok these are
things I downloaded from the Steam
Workshop these are things that other
people built here's like a saloon and
the people can go inside here and that's
just built out of the parts they have I
think it's really neat yeah and it's
built around shops so there's like a
shop in here and I think there's a
bathroom in this one and then like
beauty's castle kind of and that's
that's just entirely a whole castle just
built with users like but just by
placing walls around that's that's deep
yeah and I they might be able to go
inside here let me see if you can build
a path to it pass over here hmm I'm
still getting used to figure out how to
do things with other people's stuff it's
fine like these trees are clearly too
far up right you can see their roots the
fact this whole thing is floating so I
should probably move that to be further
down but let me show you yeah my current
park that I'm working on okay Park
experiments Park 1 Oh
sandbox Park 8 yeah whenever I did
something major might have heard
something I kind of saved a new when I
owned up deleting half of those this one
like I said I built this one and I
didn't know what I was doing so you know
but it still turned out kind of ok so
this is the park and you can zoom in and
you can rotate like you can rotate your
way all the way underground and you can
rotate into things and then you can also
pan this way doesn't seem to have the
edge scrolling thing at this point
where's my mouse and there's all kinds
of little rides and you can ride the
little rides which is kind of awesome
and you know a little dinky rides like
can you ride the teacups yes okay and
okay so here's a person and they're not
happy see I I had too many people in my
park so I closed all the rides and then
takes a while to leave and they get
miserable while they're waiting so I
don't really care but yeah you can you
can click on a person and then you can
see their thoughts and like what's in
their hands and they bought like a
cheeseburger it'll be in one of the
hands and after that yeah and on their
head because you could buy hats but you
can click on somebody and then you can
get their view of stuff so here's a
cinematic view of them first-person yeah
and it's not perfect like you can kind
of walk through people sometimes and
sometimes people's glasses with their
eyes attached are kind of running around
but yeah look oh you almost brought a
milkshake almost he didn't he didn't
quite get the milkshake I think you're
gonna have to fire your milkshake person
they did not do a good job of selling
the milkshake and you've got like
there's like entertainers I saw that
woman right here someone oh here's the
Tiki dude it kind of dances around so
like like Disney World like the people
dressed like Mickey Mouse is what that
is thing yeah except Mickey Mouse's head
isn't done fire yeah that seems like God
that seems like a dangerous thing it
seems like a safety issue I don't know
that that costume is OSHA approved say
you can ride the rides it's kind of
cooler riding roller coasters and this
is like a oh my god this why is it
rocking back and forth because it's the
star thing and it's got like my god yeah
I know like okay here's here's something
about me I don't really like thrill
rides I mean I'm glad they're there for
people who like them you know God bless
them and enjoy but whoopsies but uh no
am I
okay I think not really where am I
think I'm like lost here am i
underground or something oh this is like
I am underground this is a view of the
sky through the ground you glitched out
of the park can you get back to normal
are you stuck get to reload your hip
yeah going somewhere
wait a sec
all right let's go to guests no rides
sure bring that right over there
my god so you know of course there are
lots of animatronics so right now I have
a you show off the tentacles I have a
crack and tentacle animatronic coming
out of the water like pull it up like
when it's not in the water like you
could see the hydraulics on this thing
like oh yeah yeah you have scenery and
paths extras all nature arch so just
decorative fringe stuff you can put
around all kinds of decorative stuff
like a would you say you love this game
this game is my child I I was addicted
hopelessly to roller coaster tycoon 3
for a while and that was like 10 years
ago
and now look the sleeping dragon hmm no
I'm really bad at navigate you're not
used to 3d games it should be noted yes
in fact I was telling rich I'm like look
look the shadows are animated and like
they move with the Sun and rich is like
yeah that's kind of par for the course
just like yeah Doom 3 is like all about
shadow physics or something and unless
they've been doing that for 10 15 years
it's yeah yeah the thing like shadows
I've done that been there done that
I'm I'm more of a you know so-called
casual gamer I mean I like my those fine
young clones and all that stuff and I
like sand boxes
look there's another dragon breathing
fire and but you could say I like that
you could see the animated like the the
amber tronic guts of these things like
you can see the little metal thing going
up the Dragons stomach and you can set
the lighting that leaves them on it to
be daylight you can make it daylight and
if you want it to be night all the time
all of a sudden it's night and there's
lighting where's your setting up like a
laser light show fireworks
mm-hmm no I don't think I any fireworks
go in too much but are there actual
firework fireworks that you can set up
not in this one no no we're in the other
one in three it's a hamburger shop oh
the pirate song is great you're that
they're like seeing something similar to
right a yokai yodeled oh you're young
but I'm sorry if I'm swearing in some
language somewhere
apologies if anything IR they said is
like you know a terrible thing about
somebody's mother and some obscure
regional dialect of some country
somewhere that's the janitor you hired I
like his animation yeah and there's like
animatronic people having gunfights and
all kinds of crazy rides you have to
find a witch ride that one's really cool
here's my train in the Train
I built a I built a tunnel for the train
to go through and then when the train
goes through the tunnel there's like
explosions and stuff that are set off
little ones my tunnel so so what do you
want to do tonight you want to build a
new park Oh
maybe and it's not entirely up to you
have build a new park sure just keep
showing off this one and I'm gonna show
this one just a little bit oh sure
you're proud of it I understand that
when I put some gears here yeah well I
mean it's not perfect like I said it's
it's basically my first Park I mean I I
did slap some rides down in caller Park
the first couple of hours I had it but
then the next day I started a new park
and it's this one and I just you know
kind of spend like five hours of this I
hold this which ride is so cool is there
an available goal to make this a game
like make X money in Y days yes Wow okay
yes that's this is sandbox mode where
you have like unlimited money in it
which is what do you kind of prefer -
that's what I like which is what I
really like I like just building stuff
yeah and playing with it but yeah
there's there are definitely scenarios
is this like The Sims where you can be
cruel and mess with little computer
people um well so far I haven't found
the ability to drown them but but um
there's a video I got to find the video
you want you to set that up yourself
okay yeah apparently like the people are
indestructible but they're not real
happy if they get run over and they
don't die they don't seem to die and
guys
dust themselves off and like look like
they're maybe swearing at you but just
all the detail of all the detail on
these houses and things look at all that
and yeah okay so like maybe that's
welcome to the 21st century Karen but
this is my birthday present from rich is
my birthday's tomorrow
you're letting them know that I'll track
you down Oh No
is it yeah I guess that's but I'm
try to find my hamburger I built a
hamburger you can't find your hamburger
oh no got so much stuff here something
by the train station there's the other
part of it
Ernest here's my hamburger does they
have like you can buy like they're stuck
different parts of the of the burger and
then you stack them off individually
you got the patty and the bun and I like
my hamburger
sure sure a roller coaster show ma show
a ride you know first person view on a
ride all right that's right some of
these rides are like nauseating watch
yeah this one's not that bad because
they're just spending they're not going
up and down too
of course you could just wing the view
around yourself wow I have attention to
detail incredible it's gotta be a lot of
work to build this stuff they need more
themed buildings for each theme but it
seems like the users explain me excited
what do each theme like I have like like
if you go and like say chaps and
facilities yeah there's the generic
boxes that you can build scenery around
or just plop down as is but you can take
that generic box and you can build like
a theme to build it you can build like a
castle around it yeah and the castle
will be like a G stand or sometimes yes
it adds functionality functionality to
random bits of stuff but then there's
also the blueprint ones so like for
instance the Jedi chess has happy
birthday thank you there's a burger
store there's a chief beef store there's
a fairy tale village food kiosk a pirate
shop planet coaster food sci-fi chief
beef and village shops so there's like
kind of like a village theme and pirate
theme and a sci-fi theme and like a but
not hails name there's kind of a Tiki
thing but it's like every type of
building of
available and everything or if you want
the pirate ice cream cone shop you have
to take a generalize cream cone shop and
build pirate stuff around it okay
I mean it's possible that all the major
shops are or represented but okay so
here's a Caribbean first aid station and
a pirate first aid station if you want a
ferry there's no sci-fi first aid
station you're Sol what's the first aid
station look like place that's I'm just
you know don't save it just okay oh you
can see you can raise or lower your
buildings I mean it doesn't do much good
heavenly the ground doesn't can you make
a Westworld yes you can I think that's
the whole point in fact it seems like
much of the user created content is is
Western themes really it's a good look
huh
and then I don't know how you're
supposed to just get out of things in
general I used to just double-click the
park management thing mmm and there's
all you know you put in lights let me go
back to daylight though it's easier to
see things to general does anybody want
to ride a roller coaster I'm sure people
want to ride a roller coaster yes
go today first day date let him see it I
don't know it looks alright night I'll
do day in a minute
yeah
see I would never write this I spend my
like early adolescence some people
telling me just try it you'll like it
you'll get used to it and I come to the
conclusion that yes I can make myself
ride them anxiety about it or no but
I'll never enjoy it so why should I make
the lines longer for other people if
there was some compelling reason like if
it was you know ending global poverty or
something for me to ride these rides I
would certainly do it but many many
years ago like 20 years ago we were we
were much younger and you had me go with
you and your sister to the amusement
park because your sister likes the scary
rides you know I don't and that I I
would be your excuse not to go on scary
rides I wish your back up and she got
you to go on that damn roller coaster
anyway no that was Becky that got me
those Becky a rollercoaster anyway all
right whatever
raging something I know it's like a
wooden coaster but it's not the the
American Eagle that's a good Six Flags
Six Flags Great America yeah and you
talked you talked me into going on the
Cajun cliffhanger you said now it's not
gonna make you dizzy yeah here's the
thing there's they have those
centrifugal rides and it's like I find
that they don't really make you dizzy as
long as you keep your head in one
position they just feel like pressure on
your chest can you address this for me
so it's not like way away from my mouth
there but if you move your head outside
of the plane that you're in then it
feels like somebody just turned the room
on its side and so we got rich to go on
this and I told him I'm like don't I
think I said like don't move your head
back and forth or something and he moved
it up and down or something I don't know
but I didn't know people could turn
green like for real like he just about
turned green like a grayish color and he
puked though it could have been the
cheese fries
I don't think I had those before my
sister is one of one of those people who
likes to put ketchup on her cheese fries
I think that's sacrilege she's a
wonderful woman but she just what she
does to cheese fries that made me sick
all over yeah she's she's a lovely human
being but she just does not know how to
eat her cheese fries
what else can we ride this is another
ride I would catch him should be nowhere
near cheese yeah it's okay to put cheese
on your fries it's okay to put ketchup
on your fries it's okay to put
mayonnaise on your fries but you just
just of course it's not as bad bad as my
friend James that yeah you know him the
crazy driver
oh okay James in high school I I knew
this guy and I'm still in touch with him
but he would take even get two slices of
pizza okay mmm like hot lunch pizza
which is kind of iffy to begin with yeah
it wasn't the worst hot lunch beats I've
had the worst hot lunch pizza but it
wasn't good hot lunch pizza and he would
first he would put salt all over it and
then he would get like 15 packets of
mayonnaise and he would spray yes I kid
you not
I'm the fucking pizza I'm the fucking
pizza well no wonder he has brain damage
and the one day possibly before and then
the one the one day hehe this pizza was
hot so when he blew it all over me and
and I don't even remember this I like
left my body I was so pissed off that
that his impatient ass got pizza sauce
state testes one two three trying turn
turning down some settings we'll see how
that works
can anyone hear us probably almost
certainly we're way ahead on the married
people start to look alike thing one
because were both wearing caps yeah I
gave me a roll for ya this is kind of my
I rolled out of bed and hey let's stream
continue you just had Mayo blown on you
oh yeah and I just went apoplectic and
started screaming right in the middle of
the lunchroom there are witnesses but I
don't remember doing it turn to a red
hey you don't understand my little
chapter keeper was my nerdy little life
it hits flats for my pens all right it's
my fly open no it's not you're just
fucking with me but it was worth
double-checking you know I don't think
your crotch is on camera you could be
like okay lately naked from the waist
down I could be like so my flashing my
fly is definitely open is what you're
saying I'm saying that I could be like
touching you and nobody would even know
okay so like let me let me go to like
build a park mode here let's just
something in here anybody wants to ride
roller coasters water rides why was
stream three second PC because we don't
have a second PC here would probably the
number one reason what I thought was
interesting is when I like phase
excellently phase through this the water
is like a single layer sheet yeah like
you'd expect it I don't know real water
would fill the thing you expect that to
be real water in the game no but I
expect it to be like water down to here
like filled with water but no there's
like water sheet and then there's like
it's empty
yeah like oh gosh I'm sorry
all this is sorry little faces no trust
me
little kids kick their feet a little
penny fingers last free when I couldn't
reach Epps LLL fuck my Cox's hey rich
glad you liked the Evil Dead shirt
essentia hope J like this as well yes
thank you for the shirt it's nice the
red epic says show would be I was
playing I was playing Dishonored 2 which
is a lot like thief as a long time thief
lover I think that Dishonored 2 looks
pretty interesting how are you liking it
so far in comparison especially with the
extra magic like abilities that are
accessible later on
I miss darkness being a factor I also
missed like the light gem having some
idea that I've concealed pretty much
it's pretty good pretty good
televises what you know what's gonna
start new park it start a new perk
low-rises thanks for the solo stream
last stream rich bought a copy of new
key and I'm sending it your way also
going to my first comic-con tomorrow
yeah they don't have any copies a new
key every being any advice says every
ever I'm something ever been any advice
I remember a few Comic Cons we were I
know we went together some years ago to
the cup one in Chicago yeah don't go
with a stick in the bud I went one year
with Mike and some other friends and one
of my friends his sister went I don't
know if she drove or what but we're
there 40 minutes and she wanted to go
home why'd she whined until we left I
mean I'm not even a huge comic book
person or or or a real big gamer and I
enjoyed it there I didn't see a fucking
quarter of what they had and
she was jonesing for a cigarette and
annoyed and we had to leave immediately
because when I went with you I mean I
found I bought my first one or the cute
little dead girl comic books and I
thought they were adorable and I got
some Living Dead Dolls of them died in
doom and I the first time I heard of
Living Dead Dolls just with their just
buried accessories and stuff and there's
whatever kind of silly stuff you're into
it's there it's it seems hard for me to
believe that somebody could not enjoy it
it's like the Ren Faire you know
whatever you're into there's something
to do with it and that was that was that
was way back and then I was like high
school era so yeah she might have been
the only one with a license so what she
said me what wouldn't you know I don't
remember the details
I didn't she wanted to go home was like
we just got here what the fuck are you
talking about yeah I haven't seen jack
shit I really don't
see there's there's blueprint coasters
where you can just build one of these
plop down one of these pre-made ones or
you can edit it and then there's custom
and there's more in there but you have
to build them yourself I don't know if
anybody wants to watch me build
something I'm not that good at building
stuff yet I find the controls for moving
the track and shaping the track to be
kind of maddening in this game I'm used
to the way they're set up in
rollercoaster tycoon 3 that's one thing
about this only the bad or different
they're probably just different but I'm
having trouble with them until I have
reason to think otherwise I'm going to
assume it's just me yeah you can you can
rotate your rides or you can make your
rides up in the air for an extra do
Matic Kitty ferris wheel or you put them
in the ground I'm in assuming at some
point they can't access them like how
low can you go before it's like nope
well let you go well here's the thing
you put the ride down and then you need
to place an entrance so as long as they
can get to the entrance okay it
shouldn't really matter I mean if you
place that like beneath the ground
obviously that fucks and everything um
well alright so you want to let's build
a new one let's Jake a whole you do it
you want you drink you have the pathing
tools you can also do natural paths
I don't really like them I mean it's
just like the path and and now the path
is just ll assembly these marker things
which that's ugly it's I mean I get the
idea it's supposed to be like kind of
like a natural terrain thing but I think
it looks less out of place if you just
go with some kind of a relatively
natural looking path like the rock one
here
I like the way it looks and you then
when you like that little worm moving
around yeah that's gonna need and you
you can late you know path like
automatically kind of connects to itself
so you just write in cursive like go
fuck yourself I hadn't really thought
about it let's see let me go back one
we go and I guess you could if I get
back to this side I'm just gonna do your
last name is there any budget limit or
is it build whatever you want question
mark there's definitely a budget limit
if you're playing a scenario but you're
not playing this playing sandbox
basically I'm playing in the mode where
your god you have infinite money and you
can do whatever you want
Oh God usually like with these kinds of
games
I'm supposed to be three I have played
scenarios but I usually like to get used
to the controls and things first really
I mean just building like what the sims
my favorite thing was just building
houses this I like building
rollercoasters and even just scenery a
lot of like messing with scenery and
make building houses and things but
anyway I was gonna say you can you can
dig into the ground I think there's the
Train tool the push tool see it builds
around it doesn't sink your path
but then the rides
how's that actually like warps the
ground or on the the fence for that what
do you mean like the fence kind of goes
up but like part of the ride distorts
with the ground um no I won't let you
have it like this okay but if I build it
big enough I can have the ride down
inside of there yeah as long as it's not
touching the edges she can fill that
with water too yes
so you can have like here's your ride
and then you go to the water tool and
you can choose rough water or calm water
or standing water I'm not sure what the
differences or dirty water and you just
kind of click on the sides so now you've
got water and then you can build your
path one of the different water is no
play there's
dirty water one dirty water no does
anybody use the dirty water I guess we
want a monster coming out of it now I
don't know if you can I don't think you
can in this one build your past
I'll try build your path underwater in
like rollercoaster tycoon 3 there are
things where you can build the bill pass
underwater
mm-hm and do rides and things that go
underwater I'm not sure if you can do
that I know that you can do with
rollercoasters you can build
rollercoasters that they tunnel yeah so
that thing you know they can go through
the ground possibly go through water for
a haunted haunted amusement park dirty
water okay that would be cool dirty
water would probably look pretty good in
like the western themed things too true
very true against a background of sand I
think dirty water would look nice from
the other day solo stream my name is
Tate says rich your customary $10 tip
for solo streaming remember this is your
$10 and yours alone Jack will get his
when he solo streams nonnamous said
hayas did you ever get a chance to check
out those rich Evans Top Trumps cards I
tried sending you the image link a
couple of times we had different methods
but wasn't sure you ever saw them I I
have not I don't know if you're in if
you're in the chat today you could try
again I don't even know what the hell
you're talking about
go out with a hook set during my solo
stream just saying if tips aren't
working during solo stream they were not
read chef you guys played the Assassin's
Creed series
how does Dishonored 2 stealth compare
thanks for the surprise I've not played
much of Assassin's Creed I played a
little bit of the original and before I
got very deep into it I was bored to
tears
now is that like a first-person shooter
no military wanna that's like a sandbox
historical thing where you assassinate
people so I mean I think this is like
picture picture s that is you just want
to walk across that doesn't need a croc
in a Kraken or something in there or
maybe a you shipwreck you can do that
we're working on it now if you lower the
ground well the water adjusts
automatically like if you look lower
different section already I think the
water in the other one I think the water
disappeared let's see cuz honestly I
don't think I've done it yet
okay so terrain tool so you can also
paint terrain like if you want to have
like you know kind of a rocky looking
thing yeah yeah go the grass but um okay
so you wanted to lower to lower some
more land sculpting push oh no it does
rich oh nice what if you just stood
somewhere else like this is the water
table just underneath everything no no
no you can just have does this with just
a depression yeah
but that now we need some pond monsters
and things don't you think I think yeah
no horde scenery props special effects
where's the animatronics blueprint this
time it's new pieces
happy birthday Karen thank you big fan
of rollercoasters
I haven't been to Six Flags in a long
time though even though I lived 30
minutes from Great America the big
wooden one is probably American Eagle it
is no but there's another one it was a
different one they had time yeah because
the big wooden white one like painted
white being washed
is the Eagle and like the one that they
put like a giant spider on at
Thanksgiving and you can see it from the
highway this is another one the the
eagle is the one that occasionally they
run it backwards for a bit so they get
the wood to warp the other way is that
why they do it I've heard that's what
I've heard so that it doesn't eventually
just collapse look at that you can see
you can see like under parts of it
underneath the animatronics but see the
water it's like the water is like one
layer I'm sorry you can't like walk
around underwater I'm sorry you're not
supposed to walk around underwater and I
think you couldn't in the other video
game that was themed like this alright
let's see what this with the
animatronics in this does okay so
there's a cracking okay kindness so it's
kind of sticking out where you can see
that you could pull it down a little bit
lower and you wouldn't see that but this
is the right height for that boat so I
think I'll just leave it of course it
probably should face the other way if
it's a bowl yeah well he's tack on the
boat oh is that the idea yeah okay yeah
we'll leave it like that
let's go put a tentacle we find the
tentacle and put it over there
wash the boat on some rocks
I find it kind of frustrating and like
the zoom in just the right amount with
the right stuff
sonic mousetrap says my local park has
the Jackrabbit a coaster that was built
in 1921 every time I'm there I wonder is
this the year the 90 year old wooden
coaster brakes hmm so really I can't
fault Karin's opinion there's a at Great
America and I mean at least last time I
was there they had one called the
Whizzer and I actually enjoyed that one
it's like it goes down and it's like
it's sort of being a steep drop it's
like almost freakin level
wooden coasters like dramatically more
expensive to build these days is they
have to thrill the the creaky noises and
things that they make I'm wondering how
much they cost relatively speaking and
they probably can't do as many you know
exciting things yeah they can do any
inversion with the wooden one so there
any inverted wooden coasters pay money
to here rich heavens read my message in
monotone oh who knows what their
messages I see sonic mousetrap said my
local park has the Jackrabbit a coaster
that was built in 1921 every time I'm
there I wonder is this the year the 90
year old wooden coaster brakes so really
I can't fault Karen's opinion that
better motherfucker there's so much
stuff here that I have trouble finding
it sometimes I think there's a crack in
tentacle oh there's like a lot of
elements here and I'm not sure like
these two boys and things I'm not sure
exactly what you're supposed to do with
them because they're not painted can
maybe can you paint them all right let's
put one of these there and we'll see
what we can do with this piece of
macaroni
Oh
okay where's my dad there are inverted
wooden coasters even though it's wood
instead of real wood usually it's
nowadays all steel reinforced trust me I
am from the internet hey everything we
read on the Internet is true twisted
Colossus and Six Flags Magic Mountain
here in SoCal and verts but it doesn't
loop it twists around there's also a
wooden coaster at Great America that
goes upside down twice the Goliath the
only the only amusement park I've ever
spent much time in was the Six Flags
Great America and Gurnee Illinois I like
going there for like Halloween for their
Fright Fest but that I'm not I'm not a
big ride person I wouldn't ride the
Timberwolf at this point is the timber
wolf made out of timber because that's
pretty cute if it is what do you I mean
what do you get out of the wooden just
the the the aesthetics
I guess the noise the creak the thought
that oh maybe this thing is gonna
collapse and kill me is that when you
get out of wooden
the only real wooden coaster that
inverts is the Hades 360 at Mount
Olympus in the Wisconsin Dells remember
when we wanted for the Dells in what was
it August oh yeah we went there okay so
we we went there in the first consoles
which is people who don't know from
Madison Wisconsin it's a water park town
it's it's it's a tourist trap they got
lots of themed lots of theme parks
mostly water parks gone I just needed
background what was kind of those what
Shauna might not know and what so so
Wisconsin Dells has a main two main
streets and one of them is mostly shops
and the other one is amusement parks
they've got Noah's Ark which is like one
of if not the country's biggest water
park in Wisconsin of all places and
where it's not you know can't be used
for a good chunk of the year and August
we once there's in the years and years
ago first week of August you know every
August the dog days of summer
you know those uh-huh yeah 55 was the
well we know we we went there and it was
warm and it was sunny on the way there
it was perfectly Pleasant we got there
and the two days were there the highs
were in the lower 50s
the highs in August beginning of August
the warmest point of summer at least
close to it yeah but one day worked out
our family we went to the the Mount
Olympus go-cart thing yeah I how many
different code cart tracks they got but
you say goat go-cart okay no we're not a
goat kottar happen to be that wouldn't
be much of a thrill is 55 out and
drizzle and we had web we were just warm
enough I guess but I remember we got we
had a running apart zero lines on
anything yeah we just rode the go-cart
over and over again and over and over
again
let's go cab yeah but uh you know they
think if people running it we're happy
for a little company and or possibly
like it to move but they have like they
have like a Trojan horse themed go-cart
track go-cart track that you can ride up
it's like tiered and you can ride all
the way up to the top of it and see the
whole part more or less kinda I know
that was probably bout 30 40 feet but
it's it's impressive it's the best
go-kart track I've ever seen also we
went to one of the parks that had like
indoor and outdoor stuff and for about
20 minutes we ran up and down like all
of when it went up and down all the
water slides like running to keep warm
and then we went inside and went in the
hot tub and then we went in the indoor
slides well when when Velma our friend
Velma
mm-hm she and I went to to the Dells
yeah probably in about 2003 we went
there we went there to Noah's Ark we
went there right around dinnertime and
it was the only time I've ever been glad
for being fat because there were all
these little kids there like stand there
and she and I are like ladi Dadi died
waiting for these rides and the crowds
weren't bad we got one of those double
passes when we went for part of the day
the next day and I got a really bad
summer sunburn and then I had to drive
to Door County but that's another should
replace everyone's name with a
scooby-doo character oh yeah well except
for Fred because we did know one friend
at some point well that James person we
called him James
he's definitely shaggy he's definitely
shaggy then again we didn't say Fred's
last name wasn't either one at your work
who actually threatened to go on a
shooting spree no he didn't threaten to
go on a shooting spree he told one would
have my career he wasn't one of my
co-workers who's about six at the
grocery store he came to me and he said
that that this person had told him
possibly joking
hopefully joking that that he was gonna
he was gonna start shooting people or
something
and all the tall people because this
person is almost as short as I am and
male and he said he was gonna start
shooting shooting all the tall people
and the person he said this to was over
six feet and this person asked me do you
think he's serious what are we gonna do
it's less creepy so you can take that
you take him seriously it probably
wasn't serious I told him I we had a
department head at the time was this
smart level-headed Vietnam vet guy nice
man had been in the business for a long
time and I said why don't you ask him
what you what he thinks you should do so
he went to the HR lady or to the store
manager and to make long story short the
person who maybe made the joke about
shooting people for psychological
counseling
I guess they decided he didn't really
plan on shooting people maybe they told
him that that kind of joke is it really
that funny and he's still there they're
both still with that company I'm not
anymore but they're both they both still
work with that company so and and
neither one of them has shot anybody or
been shot by anybody so it worked out ok
but yeah if you're at work don't make
jokes about shooting people what's
what's going on with your part and I was
like when you and you put in a note but
it seemed or something it automatically
wants to warp to the terrain and I'm
having trouble straining about they
don't seem to like the monster why are
they turning away because there are no
rides open oh that rides not open yeah
open that ride it would probably make
them happier so you have to open the
rides open the ride so you can open ride
you can close rides you can test rides
if it's a ride that can be customized
you have to test it this one's just open
to closed ok boom open now they're gonna
start riding it they're saying the cube
looks fast yeah you think so they love
it when park entry is free that one's a
little thirsty
they refusing to leave why are they on a
treadmill by the exit gate I might be
stuck or something they're stuck on each
other I don't know
they think it they get confused and
start defying the laws of physics like
I'll have like 700 people who want to
take the same train home and they'll
like literally be in like three squares
and like just sitting there in this
writhing massive overlapping humanity
tonic mousetrap says I like the monotone
dammit it's part of the charm just when
I read the tips do you want to read you
want to read this one at the top and
monotone read it first make sure make
sure something you would actually want
to read before you start reading at a
jokey voice but hi YouTube thanks for an
early and adorable stream question for
Karen I noticed you occasionally say
some words in German and I'm curious if
there's any reason behind it
feelig Russa from Munich McKean nice dr.
doom it up i I don't speak it fluently I
studied it for four years in high school
which for a while ago yet for well they
said like for college reasons it was
better to take two or four so yeah it
took four I liked it I really enjoyed it
so I know some words in German and yeah
I like German and I know a little bit of
it
you went there yeah went there I went
there I was there for two weeks we went
to Berlin Berlin and we ended in Munich
actually we were in Austria too you know
it was strike in in the tea row in
Innsbruck so that's how I sounded they
say the monotone is how I sounded before
I met rich hey Bryden everyone's like oh
yeah Germany Germany is a great country
it's just I'd love to travel all over
the place she's been there she's no
Queen Amidala what she's talking about -
I didn't remember
she's had no personality I am The Queen
I must save my people
why did I agree to be in this movie I
saw that movie it's just been a long
time they need some restaurants or
something don't they don't know tracks
tracks pass
needs to be more nasally what by Queen
Amidala a may say if made people my
people they have no bungholes no bone
holes your throne it's beavis and
butthead and there it why not
everybody loves the Beave of the bone
Karen your monotone sounds like Eeyore
and it's adorable that's what I was
going for thank you my tail fell off
again I I used to be pretty in the ER
and then everybody started to get me
giving me your gifts and then I kind of
got sexy or I mean he's cute and all but
you can have too much here it's nothing
nothing cuter than a depressed donkey
who wants to die Hey I think I'll just
shoot myself now that would be more like
Marvin the Paranoid they say he's the
Paranoid Android but yes it struck me is
especially paranoid mostly just Marvin
from Oh Marvin from the trucker's guide
the galaxy the robot yeah yeah I'm
depressed but only someone with a brain
the size of the planet can understand
how truly wretched I feel yeah I think
when they said paranoid they'd just been
mental yeah paranoid android yeah yeah
head rolls off the tongue it does since
you were in the south of Germany did you
also see neuschwanstein I did it's
beautiful rich and I were just talking
about it there's the castle in this
which looks like it's a ripoff
it was wonderful somebody built castles
that somebody built looks like it's it's
inspired by the Disney Castle and Disney
Castle was inspired by a castle and in
southern Germany called neuschwanstein
which was built by king ludwig ii and i
think in the late late 19th century why
is it so famous just because it's pretty
yeah it's beautiful it's it's he was
ridiculed at the time for spending the
trend you know the I think that was
before that's Olaf Aaron I think it I
think it was before
that was when Bavaria was a contrarian
for Germany was united under a how to
fund Bismarck if memory serves
but I'm sure their German listener could
tell us yes schloss neuschwanstein I've
been there and a hohenschwangau which
they and I think that's where his
parents were from no I don't wish to eat
your shit but thank you for offering
this Jack speak German I don't think so
I don't I wouldn't say that I speak
German just that I know some German
enough that when I was in in Mexico and
a number of years ago I found myself
translating the tour guides broken
broken English into broken German for
some very confused middle-aged German
tourists but yeah that the castles are
just gorgeous on the inside and the
outside oh right Google and the chat
saying my sister-in-law my sister hola
her father used to give guides there he
told stories about drinking parties in
the throne room
after the castle closed for the night
sounds awesome and if I remember right
there's like stars painted in gold leaf
on the ceiling and stuff in the throne
room it's beautiful and I guess he spent
he spent a lot of money and everybody
you know was pissed off that he was
spending the Treasury and they they
called him crazy and he died
mysteriously in four feet of water even
though he was supposedly a good swimmer
his doctor was right there somebody
offed him or something but but but now
you know so many years later it's it's a
good source of revenue for them yeah the
country very in particular
yeah it's it's gorgeous in the Alps it
really is I've never had Hasenpfeffer
Jamil so Mazel Hasenpfeffer incorporated
so yeah I'm having a liver in a surely a
moment you're adorable
we went on a speaking of yeah I have a
tendency to jump topics but I'm a little
ADHD or something but rich and I went on
a tour up here in Milwaukee of the
brewery for how much one it was
he was lakefront brewery yeah they
bought the line from the actual the
actual line from the Schlitz plant that
they used to film the opening credits
for Laverne and Shirley and when they
show it off they they have a you know
like a cassette tape they push the
button and it plays a learn and Shirley
move music out of a boom box which I'm
sure they don't have the rights to use
but they use it anyway because the fuck
cares it's charming
she's good advertise you feel averted
Shirley I probably would give them
permission that shows beyond the point
of profitability I don't know they're
making money on Laverne and Shirley
right now it's not even on TV anyone
know but you could probably buy like a
DVD boxset or something all right
all right J and Karen's stream a Jash
stream I I barely know Josh she seems
like a really nice guy I just only run
into him a couple times we just haven't
got philemon up here a couple months
anyway
yeah shops
there's a village shop no I think I'll
put a bathroom in I'm totally looking
forward to the different user created
things and we've done any other brewery
tours yeah we did
lakefront distillery too they had this
like absent stuff that was just
fantastic because I love black licorice
and this is like you know just mm-hmm
hard liquor that's black licorice
flavored so it's so cute look I went
inside I followed little people inside
the bathroom and they don't do anything
to just walk in and walk back out I was
disappointed I was disappointed that you
didn't you know see them sit down on a
toilet with a little blower like The
Sims or something that's such a voyeur
with these games you say this too yeah
oh yeah I'm gonna go try to put some
people go for it
oh my god I'm gonna show that video just
recreated okay I'll try let me start a
new park well there's this park called
stream Park how about well your perch
got a lot of people in it right well you
just turn on the Rises dearest Karin
please excuse all of the fucktards that
say nasty stuff to you I just yeah yeah
you are great what your tolerance of
rich makes inexcusably clear thank you
for streaming I actually like him Oh
charge me nuts when number lock is
enough okay there we go
stream Valon we're calling this stream
though because just fine village nitrous
knock your socks off all right so we're
gonna save that Park I think I already
did but just in case yeah and then
you see if I could just see it would
take a lot of work to set it up because
I'd need to well I guess if I close the
park and set something up right at that
spot all right let me try yeah let me
try to kill some people the way Karen
will just offhandedly mention something
horrific and keep talking is amazing
like killing a bunch of yeah sure
actually they're indestructible but you
just make them unhappy they're made out
of rubber see in the original well in
one and two of original of roller
coaster tycoon you could like build
rides that were unsafe and then they
would explode there was they had one
with like a log flume with like dinghies
or whatever and these things would go
off the track and they would explode I
swear they were filled with hydrogen or
something it was great and in the
waterpark ones you could like launch
people way up into the air but um and
you could drown people don't grab them
if you could pick them up and they could
just drown drop them the water how long
did you play this the other day I I came
here to stream Dishonored 2 actually I
was here and was doing sava thought yeah
I might as well stream designer to I had
to play it anyway and at some point I
got kicked off cuz you logged on the
Steam to play this and I got that worked
out I didn't and you started playing
that day at like 3 and I think you
eventually stopped playing at 6 a.m.
you just went you just went planet
coaster crazy I just I love building
stuff and they're just standing on the
water I've got a hold of them I'm gonna
see what happens
oh I thought they were like Jesus no I
want to go close to them I want to see
if they drown
maybe I just can't let them down there
let them go I picked him up but I don't
know I'm going
maybe they vanished
they can't drown you can't drown them
I'm sorry that's not fair
well hello hello nothing that the mouse
- keyboard almost fell off my lap oh
okay okay it's sitting on the end of lap
desk it just wasn't balanced it is it's
not it's not like a Miss games so much
OBS no there's a lot of a lot of stuff
going on I mean look at the trees are
swaying in the leaves have imperfections
and I'm in love with the detail in this
game and look you can am Nick make a
p.m. I came first rate I've got a I've
got a dragon fire mine he's not
breathing fire and I've got a match on a
dragon and all these lights and I just
want to walk around this place so bad I
should let you do that well they should
let you visit your own park Oh in real
life I mean like leg actually have
somebody build what you've built yeah I
wish I can I mean I'm here I'm in
somebody I don't I don't think that's
that's feasible to me this isn't the
coolest now you put that that path
around the dragon's mouth were you
hoping the dragon would actually eat
somebody was that what you were thinking
I was hoping it would like pass over
them and look like it was or something
okay
I considered like putting a tree there
or something but the way things work it
would probably just send it with like
the tree going through the dragon and
that would just look weird or the dragon
going through the tree with like leaves
sticking out of the side of its head or
something can you buy cheap contaminated
food to increase your profit margin no
but that reminds me of or buy cheap
contaminated food and then and then
raised the price in the restrooms I was
I'm right now I'm reading this book
called chernobyl Diaries or voices from
Chernobyl and it's it's a bunch of like
excerpts somebody did interviews of in
like 2006 of people living in the
exclusion zone in like Belarus and the
Ukraine and whatnot and and and in
people who went back and resettled
Pripyat or ever you say it the town that
was built
okay just serve Chernobyl you know built
to house the people that were working at
the plant complex yeah but there was I
was reading rich and excerpt with
somebody this is somebody this is being
relayed by by one of the people being
interviewed and she said that she saw
somebody in the market selling big red
at delicious Apple so she's saying
apples bicha red you know bright red
pretty apples from Chernobyl and
somebody she said that somebody told her
don't don't say they're from Chernobyl
people won't buy them and and she said
oh they buy them anyway some need them
for their mother-in-law something either
for their boss a Russian no practical
about funny how deadly deadly Russians
have never had it could they had to
develop a sense of humor so many
tragedies at this I mean it's just I
love this game it's just pretty change
all these angles although I do find it a
little bit annoying that I have to use
the arrow keys and the mouse to get
around like both hands I'm a swish it
was like a controller could you use a
controller on this I don't do you want
to I know I'd make getting around easier
but it also might make placing things
harder so I know and when they go on the
water rides if they're wearing glasses
they like rub the water off with their
thumbs this is so many cute touches but
okay so let me see if I could find that
that thing about whether people are
getting killed cuz it's gonna take a
long time to set that up
you just want to see it as a video yeah
let's not set up to show that I can't
just go to youtube which is just showing
the game alright nevermind maybe at the
end of the stream we'll find it and get
that set up
okay that's pain in the button is there
any way you could just stream it off in
my chrome box or something look I mean
just just
no it's it's fine your alt-tab get to
get to Chrome or no we get to OBS or
don't know so much detail look at
they've got like individual chain links
yes
and you can go inside of it that's weird
it's where you can go inside of things
and I love like the way there's like
like on these things like anything
that's shiny there's like scratches and
imperfections to give it added realism I
mean I guess that's what games are like
these days and I'm just not with the
picture but no you're a behind the times
written games look pretty good these
days I mean look at that the folds in
the fabric I mean I'm just I'm in awe of
what what games can do these days I
think we've gotten to the point where
graphics don't really well people as
much as they used to
I'm gonna realize like this tree has
some things going on where it's kind of
like flat raised one 110 you don't need
money to ask me that I just don't have
an opinion on 30 rock I haven't seen
much 30 rock I don't watch much TV yeah
we watch some Netflix now and then but
we enjoyed narcos greatly we've kind of
powered through that go I know you're
excited about the library in season 3
yeah it starts today the librarians is
how would you even describe the
librarians it's like light very light
but it's only fun the premise it's like
there's that there's a there's a secret
library that nobody knows about what's a
magic library that that has all the
magic in the world magic artifacts and
the librarians protected they find
magical dangerous artifacts they bring
it back in the library it's like a a non
horror themed Friday the third of
escaped into the world and they'll find
themselves living fairy tales and all
kinds of weird shit but it's it's
charming
so Harry Potter but with a library maybe
but with grownups the librarians is
pretty bad someone says in the chat
Karen
how do you respond to that it's fun it's
light-hearted it's cheesy isn't the best
thing ever made no doesn't have to be
now
all right let me see if I can just kill
all the people in the entrance here let
me see what I can do because there was a
big pile of people there right by the
entrance so I was thinking like trying
to like close the park could kill them
while they're queuing for the Train you
you just have fun with your thing I just
put the detail I'm just in love with
this look at this this guy there's my
janitor this is one the last three days
in my life there's nothing this just
this there's nothing else going on this
the this is it this has been my life and
you've got like your staff you they have
like happiness or not and poops they're
not there they're here there's my staff
you can hire look you can hire
maintenance people and mechanics
entertainers somebody somebody in the
chat was nice enough to send over a
computer to play this unfortunately I'm
not getting the video card for it until
tomorrow yeah so we're upgrading the
video card a little she's been using my
computer to do this has been three days
and I'm going I'm going nuts we also
need to put some finishing touches we're
painting the case custom um I'm I'm
going a little nuts so like you have
your person they're not super-happy so
how are we gonna make them happier $150
per month
this is sandbox mode forget forget that
$2,000 a month well that'd make you
happier some wait wait wait what's going
on what's $2,000 a month here well he
was making 150 dollars a month is your
employees so many given two thousand a
month why are you giving him two
thousand
month because the sandbox mode I can how
are you gonna make a profit underneath
it I think I'm making like negative
sixty thousand dollars a month or
something no you don't care just when I
play scenario I'll care right now that's
much some staff training sure there's
some staff trained you know they're
pretty happy I'll raise him up to 2,000
later
this one is he happy not super how about
some what do you even care if they're
unhappy in sandbox because they quit I
have to hire somebody else I mean I
guess it doesn't matter
okay so here's all these people who are
up by the entrance
can you just shame them into the booth
this will bring about ruinous inflation
yeah yes it will okay this is grease
this this new perk is in grease is that
greases problem was that they like owed
everybody money or something
they had like runaway inflation that in
May there's no way that I can just mass
destroy all this stuff is there see I
put a lot of like scenery in here this
could take a little bit to flatten that
enough what did to kill a bunch of
people yeah let me start another okay
haven't you just way my way to scroll
where's your entrance
oh you can't you know you could do yeah
well you delete part of the just the
pathway instead of deleting all the
stuff move the pathway to go around the
back oh yeah
that's a good idea if I have room they
didn't have inflation alright who is
that ahead who was it that had massive
runaway inflation Germany after the
first world war when he wasn't paid
massive reparation doesn't seven
somewhere recently there was maybe it
was just danger of happening
hyperinflation what do they call it they
call it - yeah
I don't know how bad it has to be to be
