Episode 238
The Finding of My Nutsack (Part 1)
December 8, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_33Djnw7CE
___________________________________________

hello and welcome to our stream welcome
to our gaming stream where we play games
today Jack's playing Binding of Isaac
rebirth or after rebirth birth after you
know why cuz it fucking felt like
playing Binding of Isaac I've been on my
handheld devices
yeah I've been I've been pretty pretty
solid with the the Pokemon Y and I'm
getting really bored with it it's not
it's not a challenge like the other
Pokemon games were and I yeah I know I
know what you're gonna say and she's and
and so I've been replaying some binding
of issac and after birth is not yet on
the Vita uh-huh which is where my main
game is and so I was like yeah we
couldn't figure out it in a plane it's
like some classic binding of issac now
three milestones you're working towards
right now like what's going on the last
time you're trying to get the bending
girl or something oh that's right I and
and I got the bandage girl on my Vita
version this one I guess is super fresh
I don't even know a lot also this isn't
related at all yeah this is a totally
different set okay okay so there's
nothing you're working towards here no I
just winning just that's all we're doing
is working towards winning oh wait but
what wait wait for what I don't know
what's that thing what do you mean you
don't know what's happening I said
resume gaming it goes like that
hold on something's weird
no Oh No unrecognized gamepad okay good
right now tits out okay oh oh I know why
cuz I'm doing a greed run oh I don't
want to do a greed run why why would
that affect this I don't know
so I've never actually done a greed run
because what does it greed run I don't
know what agreed to run is because it's
in after birth and I haven't played
after birth and going into greed mode
causes your controller do not act right
I don't know let's see what happens if
we just play the word game regularly yes
what is happening oh there we go okay
now we're ready to go
now we're rocking get my Isaac legs back
let them play what they want
oh Jesus Christ you guys we're gonna
play what we want no matter what you say
so that's what you have to deal with is
what I feel like playing right now play
with mouse yo Oh God who wants to play
Isaac with a mouse get rid of it okay
that's what play hardest difficulty I'm
playing on 'hardest if you are yeah jack
is playing on the hardest difficulty
unless agreed mode is harder I'm not
really sure and it might be like I said
I've never played it because after birth
isn't on Vita and that's where I get
most of my Isaac playtime right right so
why isn't afterbirth on Vito
my guess is the it's a big expansion you
know you have to but rebirth this
rebirth is yeah rebirth it is on but
here even here like that Anna me right
there that's a new enemy to me it's cool
you played either this or rebirth and
stream before me ah probably played a
rebirth on stream before I could only
assume I have I mean it's just one of my
favorite games ever how do you feel
about the 8-bit stylings the pixel
graphics
as compared to like the classic flash
animation it doesn't bother me it's not
like it's not blow my mind pixel
graphics and I know that's what Edmund
wanted at the beginning yeah he's like
pixel graphics but he didn't know how to
do it when he first made the binding of
issac yeah and so when they made rebirth
he he got to get a little do-over right
oh crap there was an X block and this is
the original style he wanted I mean it's
fine it doesn't bother me and it doesn't
it doesn't blow my mind if you know I
know that doesn't really mean anything
but well I what you think about it I
don't like it as much as the flesh
flashes cleaner yeah there's no
particularly good reason this should be
8-bit style no it's just what he wanted
you know yeah yeah I agree but it
doesn't bother me
Hart I'm gonna say it officially bothers
me oh my god
officially rich I'm so sorry
raise you on a big update and yeah I'm
what ah life in general
yeah yeah Richard Horvitz has not
tweeted back at me it's been four days
oh my god Wow he's probably not going to
tweet back at you he also hasn't posted
anything nobody knows what the fuck your
title and this is like it's like a
teaser I'm doing a little teaser of it
thing so I tweeted Richard Horvitz the
other day
wow that was a mistake I used to key on
that yeah that's alright I tweeted at
Richard Horvitz the other day to answer
a very important question yeah a very
important and for those who don't know
Richard Horvitz is a voice actor best
known pride to be the voice of Zim and
invader zim he's also the voice of alpha
from Power Rangers and I tweeted him
asking him if he did some voice work for
something along from a long long
ago and he has yet to tweet back at me
he never will
but also he is he hasn't tweeted
anything so I just think he hasn't been
on Twitter in four days do you think I
will make a difference yeah like I think
I think if he checks his tweet he might
be like I think he he'll give me a
thumbs up thumbs down or I don't know or
or I don't care you know dude leave me
alone yeah thank do you suppose he gets
a lot of tweets ah I don't know you know
it doesn't have like a crazy number of
followers so I think it's reasonable III
don't think it's absurd that he would
answer my question whoa almost went down
Oh a bandage
nice nice start he could be dead Richard
Horvitz yeah I hope not was it a drunk
tweet like Jays tweet to Jeffrey Combs
no it was a perfectly sober tweet for
anyone for anyone who's been with us
past couple past couple streams I
haven't had a single thing to drink all
November so it was a perfectly sober
tweet and I just I had a question for a
fine voice actor are Miller wants me to
get Twitter no you know what would
happen if I got Twitter I would never
use it yeah yeah it's it to me
everything about Twitter just sounds so
stupid it sounds like the dumbest thing
you can say things to people I don't
know you know whatever I don't give a
shit about that
uh-huh I'm not a detention I'm not a
fucking attention whore yeah and and you
can say what like a sentence 140
characters it's the dumbest thing oh
that's what I like about it where it's
light and it forces you to edit yourself
pay attention to me this is what I'm
doing and saying and thinking yeah you
know I think I think it's perfectly
reasonable as uh also that might be a
bit hypocritical for someone who you
know films himself and puts it up on on
the internet all things he's thinking
and saying rich connect with your fans
what the fuck do you think this is
that's true we just had a direct
connection a direct connection a
conversation that's the great thing
about twitch is we can we can talk back
and forth I think that comes from the
people complain about about my jokes
whenever we stream I try to I try to
make it a little funny and and they
always say they would say that was asked
if this joke was rich approved and it
never is cuz you're not on Twitter yeah
yeah so I think they just want you to
handle the previously recorded Twitter
what's going on
I can quarter every now and then you get
quoted something I said makes its way to
some where social media right Oh always
yeah you're you're a living meme you are
a you are a walking talking mean
often oftentimes stuff of stuff that you
have said or done makes it on mom I like
bombs did the wizard quit Twitter I have
no idea what's going on with Josh and
Twitter because I'm not on the Twitter
no I just saw him he tweeted something
the other day he's still on the
Twitter's he just said something about I
don't know probably something music
related because that's Josh yeah let's
that's his gym that's his jam but no I
know I just saw he just tweeted the
other day so he has not quit Twitter
didn't someone do a cross-stitch of a
rich quote and send it to you yes
yes they did did they I believe that was
the we've got another couple cross
dishes actually yeah that's great
there's one that says can't fuck them
when they're dead perfect perfect can't
fuck him on there did you know that were
a truth true statement Henri's don't
need no batteries oh fuck them if
they're dead
like can't fuck them if they're dead
amen to debt it's down up there hi dad I
see what we get here who you I'm beau
I'm the one coin my bumper one coin
yeah it's bumble one coin Bumbo want
coin that's bumble
he wants a coin bumble wants a company
wants coins which probably means he'll
what happens if you get my coin hog crap
I hate that thing I don't know I don't
know what happens if you what what is
that thing so that's a that's a that's
an explosive thoughts and it gives you
basically like a bomb that follows you
around uh-huh and if you shoot in a
direction it shoots in that direction
but the problem is uh it hurts you if it
blows up too close to you uh and it
never goes away you can't choose one
other guys it's it's one of my most
hated power-ups there's another X tone
around here how long never give bumbles
coins never give bumbles coins why not I
don't know some saying eat coins becomes
a turret oh okay yeah we want that okay
all right let's go see what the base is
mumble eats your coins that's fine if he
becomes a turret I'm okay with him eat
my coins is he good maybe he never stops
eating coins I don't know
no and I probably not they have they
have a Friendly's like that that like
eat your coins or eat your hearts but
usually get good stuff in return
a good old monstro okay harelip this is
yeah this is some like expert level
Isaac clay isn't it what do you mean
what you're doing right now no come on
no I'm just just dodging bullets this is
nothing this is nothing rich you know
you know this game jack I've I've played
this game just a little bit shit's a
little bit Bumbo stops eating coins
after he evolves for a third time oh
well then we want bumble to eat all the
coins
what's the injection doing I don't
remember exactly I'm probably I take it
but let's see what's in the devil room
oh that's a good one we want this one
that gives me extra items but it takes
one of my heart's like permanently
permanently okay so now you see I only
have two right hearts yeah but that's a
really good buy man
so no more Dishonored 2 what was the
last time we streamed an entire game
just front to back yeah I don't have we
ever I mean besides the night police
quest series I don't think we've ever
done that I've done Dead Rising Oh FTL
oh yeah yeah I know FDLE's kind of like
a different beast when it comes to
something like that and you've beaten
Isaac but like sure long kind of story
thing yeah I know almost never the quest
games but you'll yours talk more about
dishonored - oh you'll hear plenty of
talk of dishonored - whole auntie of
talk I have I have things to say about
dishonored - and we will probably make a
video about all the things we have to
say about designer - cuz that's what we
do because that's what we do when we're
not you know making videos and talking
about other she hadn't
all right uh mr. Bob blogs bob says I
consider myself lucky for having found
your channel you play games and talk
shit so much better than I do
and now I don't have to okay would you
play the original 1989 Prince of Persia
consider it nothing against Prince of
Persia like the the old old school
principal yep yeah I guess favorite game
this year a lot a lot of good stuff doom
comes to mind yeah well I see it's been
a long year what else came out this year
did X account was X come to this year or
last was that last November or last
December or last January oh that's a
good one didn't come out that's a really
good question I'm seeing the numbers
that you have by the way in stardew
valley the hours numbers I figured that
might be is did that come out this year
I like sorry Val in love would be my
favorite though oh yeah yeah yeah bumble
unicorn you guys said you have some
impressive starter value it started do
Valle hours is all I'm saying
XCOM was February oh my god oh he's come
or doom the the classic conundrum here
rich X camera no I know I don't know I
don't know Oh
goddammit
can't you kill us No
Boompa
yeah why not both both can't be a
favorite that's not how favorites work
and yeah I'm not I'm not putting Sardu
above do-more XCOM 2 i like sorry too
but it's not going above those two how
about I'm charted for fuck you too
Darkwing schmuck in the chat is saying
XCOM or doom question mark it's like
1993 all over again that's a great
comment I improve that's great
Jack LeMond says long time watcher first
time tipper thanks for the hours of
entertainment you're welcome
digger blue just finished XCOM enemy
within it took forever did you have you
played too cuz who's got a much more
satisfying endgame as much as I love
enemy within
the ends kind of it just kind of fizzles
the last mission is just enemy Oh a
horribly dull and enemy within yeah
right sorry like I got mixed with ex-con
- ah - actually ends with the climax
oh god that last battle yeah I know a
cry I know I kind of love it
are you would you would love it you
gotta be challenged oh yeah listen I'm
with you that was just that was that
ending was hardcore just when you think
you got it figured out drops another
eight enemies on in your fucked our our
Miller wishes he could learn to like a
game like X comma just if I'm why you
don't like it I mean if you just think
it's too hard
XCOM XCOM you need a little bit of
patience you had to learn XCOM it
doesn't come instantly I remember the
first number of times I'd tried to play
it on classic difficulty I would get my
ass kicked
oh yeah I did that on stream you got
here a house kick Oh classic X time - oh
yeah god yeah it was not the same as X
come one Oh No but then I mastered it
Jack you did you take I got at the point
where I can I can kick XCOM to SAS nice
that again it's been long enough maybe
I'm rusty oh good time again I'm holding
off on playing it until I hear they
fixed that damn targeting bug they
introduced with the controller support
patch I'm not against there being
controller support but I don't want my x
count to be worked because of it that's
just awful
let me roll that shit back look at my
bum buh yeah he's evolving into a bumble
plus I don't know him look at him he's
kind of adorable I got a little bumble
minion keep in mind I don't know if I've
ever played after birth because I bet
I'm a Vita player turn on the advanced
item heads-up display in the options so
we can see what you have
uh yeah sure I ate Donuts --is what are
the chances of there being an
end-of-the-year wrap up episode aka what
was rich right about this year that is
that's in the plan that's in the plan we
have a plan we have three more episodes
that we want to shoot this year mm-hmm
and we're we're in the middle we're in
the middle of one now but yes that one
of the plans is to do an end-of-the-year
wrap-up games we want to talk about best
of the year etc so that look for that
that is possibly gonna happen
huckleberry fences rich lean over and
give Jack a smooch and a hug no I will
not I mean I appreciate you guys looking
out for me I guess but yeah rich doesn't
need to do that
hello excuse me Dark One Jen you can
talk about XCOM like games I played hard
West and honestly hard West just made me
want to play XCOM oh god hard wes was
such a BS just it's doing X come just
not as good yeah so why would I why
would I want to play that over X cow
right you know mm-hmm all stats up then
shuffled great is there any more if you
if you want to email us a game on Steam
or if you need our email for the game on
Steam yeah it is
I always good what these specific
addresses so I'm just gonna let you
repeater rich is actually no help it is
prereq at red letter media okay because
I just want to say say before previously
recorded sure I didn't and that would be
incorrect that would be incorrect
because Mike setup the email so it's
prereq yeah PR e are EC at red letter
media comm send us games we don't need
to be steamed friends you can just
fucking bone guide salty cotton candy
says would you consider playing populist
at the beginning salted cotton candy yes
salty
cotton candy bumble grow all bumble
getting bigger it's almost time for his
ultimate form whatever that means
whatever that means it might be
happening
no it's not you Inc what what who eat
Bumbo well he's shit Wow he should not a
thing yeah give me shit boom what's that
oh that's great so he shits out treasure
chest that's his thing yeah damage up
fuck yeah thanks bumbo you're the best
why is bumble disgust everyone what he's
fine he's the greatest look at him
unicorn horn yeah sure
temporary badass you become invincible
and can hurt people just by touching
them it's a unicorn thing because it's
like like it's like rainbow power and
techno music plays I don't quite
understand it but you know
oh and now bow oh look now he attacks
people to Owen DS oh you give me Saul
sorts of treats Thank You bumble bumble
is like what was left in the transporter
after the failure and Star Trek the
motion picture these bumbles alive Ryan
Oh spikes spikes he's uh you know we're
down in the caves and we need a friend
all right
this is what we got this is the friend
we got probably wasted that but that's
okay this is the friend we got chill
music too
nice nice
are you kidding it like with Bumbo and
and the daddy longlegs spider I'm not
gonna have to do anything I'm just gonna
have to concentrate on dodging Bumbo and
the spider are gonna take care of all
the enemies for me so far this is a
pretty chill run which I am perfectly
okay with last stream you discuss
gameplay being more important than story
I think personally gameplay is a story
oh Jesus Christ
I drop nuclear throne for not following
through on the story it was telling even
though everyone told me to just shut up
and stop thinking about it it's just
about the gameplay you shouldn't care
about the story I'm not trying to be
rude you have any more thoughts on this
whole you know they're they're all
kerfuffle there there are games that do
a really good job of theming the
gameplay with the story interweaving the
gameplay into the story I know I've
talked a lot about like you know the
half-life 2 or even the original
half-life or Metroid Prime in which the
gameplay mechanics complement to the
storytelling and you never leave your
character and that then you have games
like Mass Effect where I argue the the
storytelling is the gameplay the way
they they handle the storytelling sure
sure
yeah with it with the wheel you mean and
then you have games like Uncharted where
they're just basically making a fucking
movie right
each Bumbo
and that's the see that's like the real
problem is when is games that focus on
the story in lieu of gameplay right ah
we don't need gameplay we have a
compelling story everyone wants to know
the story of how I don't know what's his
fucking name again Nathan you know how
it became a thief maybe his last
thief's mission oh people love that we
don't need the gameplay come on he
climbs on shit I don't know there's an
element of a shooter I don't know it'll
be great
is this bum Bo's final form I imagine
this yeah he hasn't grown in a while I
think this whole thing is you get chest
now and that's the benefit well items to
he's dropping just to bring to my house
as well which is great right great yeah
every once in a while he drops a live
bomb which you know that's just
something I deal with and best boom
Thank You bumble okay you can just a ton
of keys - yeah I'm feeling really that
it was I'm dealing with the devil that I
made early on because not anytime you
get an item it doubles and just like I
really yeah Lana run a room clear it
doubles so like if I found a room clear
you were supposed to just get one chest
to pop to chest okay so you're getting
the same lot of Bumbo or no no Bumbo
only drops one okay but that's okay
but that's okay cuz that's bonus I
didn't even I don't I didn't even know
about bumble bee this is my first bumble
so many fucking items I'm feeling great
I'm feeling great about this run this is
my first run and after birth and
possibly ever have you ever thought of
playing an uncharted s game but
blindfolded for the entire game believe
it or not we have when we remember when
we did the uncharted force for hours of
yeope and I just wasn't looking at the
stream I was I wasn't looking at the
game let's just haven't you tell me what
to do
for a while I make it in I don't know if
it did I think it did I think so
whatever I think some that made it in we
talked about doing a whole Uncharted
let's play where I never looked at the
screen and I the only problem was it was
a lot of me just going left slightly
more like yeah yeah and so it would have
gotten old after a while but yeah that
was we talked about just making that a
stream to see how far you could make it
doo-doo-doo there's like four hours of
that game we were just doing nothing oh
God J we were doing jack shit and that
was always like we had a we had a five
minute shootout and the first four hours
of the game yep
fuck uncharted oh fuck it
so hard
that was always one of our biggest
questions like in starting first four
hours which is just like what's the bare
minimum to really understand what a
games about and way like we decided on
four hours and I stand by that decision
in four hours you should know what a
game is all about and and that's what
Uncharted is all about I found pac-man
lacking in plot development the third
act sucks in other words stop comparing
movie stories to game stories it's an
arbitrary type of comparison I can only
assume he's talking to the chat there's
a chat I can only assume he or she well
and that's the biggest point that's the
point that that rich and I have talked
about a lot is that's the problem with a
lot of these Uncharted type games is the
pacing is off this you know because
they're pacing it like they're pacing it
incorrectly for the for the amount of
content not a good one this is to make
it more challenging ah but it doesn't
give you any benefit it just makes me
enemies harder yeah you get nothing out
of it well harder enemies drop more
items would you already getting a shit
ton of items exactly so that's not
anything I really need to worry about Oh
what is this
I don't know well chain oh I guess I get
you that's fine
well change him a bob alright that's
great
got a little while changing her Bopper
there each Bumbo give me things No
are you done I doesn't give me things
now jiggle a35 swag
well that brings up a point someone made
earlier to you jack
oh shit what is the difference between a
game like Firewatch which you liked yes
and uncharted which you didn't that's
just at you because I didn't like either
um
one pacing the fire watch you can beat
in three four hours some time so the
entire story is encapsulated in three
hours but you're doing even less you're
doing even less but the gameplay that is
there I feel is themed well with the
story okay being let's be disingenuous
to the game and just call it a walking
simulator okay mm-hmm I do think there
is some exploration but I know that we
can go back forth if it's just a walking
simulator the game is about a man trying
to isolate himself and you are in an in
an atmosphere in which you are isolated
so the gay the walking game play is in
theme with the story therefore I give
that a pass and in fact I recommend even
because the gameplay and story are in
theme and the pace is on point Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says so Disney
Star Wars has its own expanded universe
now rich if you want to know what
happened between four and and five and
six sit you're dyslexic ass down and
crap open up crack open a book I mean
six and seven then old ones the new ones
I don't I don't care what happened
between them I just don't of course
they're gonna have their own expanded
universe they want you to buy more stuff
then we're gonna stop making books
they're just gonna do it in its own new
universe because the books were so
stupid the movies don't want to be
associated also it's Jack that's
dyslexic now rich get your shit together
it was just lexicon what happened they
called you dyslexic they said get your
dislike ass in front of a book and it's
me that's just like yeah rich so why
don't you get your shit together and
come on back come on back there was you
know what speaking remember I think we
talked about this in the first four
hours of do you remember that really fun
story gameplay theming and uncharted
where Nathan goes up to his attic and
he's playing around with like a nerf gun
yeah and he's like hey remember the good
old times like that was that was a point
in uncharted that had a little bit of
gameplay and themed with the story of
like remember the good old days but when
you're walking around looking for the
entrance in the basement isn't that
gameplay you're walking around right
when you're walking around talking to
somebody that's gameplay because you're
walking around what about that Jack
right
great grandma's I've lost you said it's
long since scrolled up those comment I
wanted to read
alright and I can't read anymore cuz I
see it but the gist of it was the no
man's sky devs have apparently been
hired by the star citizen team what I
was remembering star citizen is the
space flight sim by the Roberts gang
they used to do the Wing Commander going
yes famous Kickstarter infamous and/or
famous if you want to look at it yes I
think it's probably another bad idea
Oh your third planet generation I mean
for for all of no man's sky's flaws it
did have a lot of randomly generated
planets this is is this literally what
we generated planets and what we talked
about in the review is just the random
planet generating engine could be really
good in some other in an actual game
yeah and ya know that's a good thing
well there you go great it was only one
of the devs not the whole team that was
brought on yeah Wow boy you wanna clean
okay I got for me nothing Zillah 4000
cents hey Jack I'm Jack the game Awards
are coming up and both overwatch and
doom are nominated for game of the year
both overwatch and doom I'm conflicted
on which one I should vote for so I was
wondering which would you choose
oh that's a crazy hard question I love
both of them can they be two different
categories is that a thing
can we make that happen you can do
whatever you want you know so it looks
like you're kicking ass here
no I'm now kicking so much ass it looks
like your gamble to to the bargain with
the demon for your heart has paid off
big-time oh yeah
huge I know I don't even understand what
this power is I got a like a greed thing
and but you can't get coins I'm assuming
you can't you get coins because of the
the the guy no I can't I can sneak him
out if I beat him to the cone okay but
why would you want to was a reason you
would want to you know sometimes shops
have good stuff I'm trying to get up to
like 15 coins because usually in the
shops the good item is fixed okay okay
so who is the other guy on stream rich
snap that was justice those have slapped
your face it's alright you know what I'm
comfortable with who I am you know
presumably if they know who I am
they've seen best of the worst most
likely maybe they've only seen episodes
that I haven't been in that's a that's a
stretch that's quite the stretch you
know it's very possible I I vote for I
think it's very possible that
how are you done taking coins in that
bumble I'll see done apparently he's
done taking coins that he's just my
enforcer now which is great he beats
people up for me you Inc no no are you
thinking still he just doesn't take all
the coins that's weird
give me stuff no all right I thought you
wanted to get up to 15 I did but I was
more curious as to why he wasn't taking
coin so I let him take I'm countable let
him take a couple gave money I think is
wack says tried doom again much better
here's money in exchange for
recommending zone of the enders XCOM etc
wow thanks worst ex come luck question
mark two's tutorial told me to use sword
from my last guy missed squad white rich
equals right fuck the word hahaha that's
what you get
yeah yeah okay I haven't I have an
answer yeah for game of the year yeah
doom versus overwatch okay I love both
of them I mean we all know what my
answer this is but I'm not a multiplayer
guy so I love both of them and I have
significantly more hours into overwatch
yeah but I'm gonna say doom okay
because I think Doom what will appeal to
more people okay overwatch is very
specific online multiplayer shooters
yeah Mitch so I'm my game of the year
would go to doom over overwatch which is
really tough for me to say cuz I love I
was just playing I was playing a little
bit today and I got to play as Sombra
finally and it was so much fun playing
as a new hero learning learning a new
hero's place since she's still in beta
you know no she's the patch is official
now okay and everyone will remember that
this weekend is free overwatch weekend
everyone gets to play overwatch for free
this weekend and so download and play
overwatch
and love it because it's the greatest I
won't have time what I want if I'm dad
Roger yeah I know what you got to do
yeah yeah element seven three ones as
fellows yes
love the stream as usual when can we
expect an announcement about the rich
Evans expanded universe
what's third Evans expanded universe
I want a Karen origin story and a rich
slash Jack coming-of-age teen comedy a
la Porky's there are there are no plans
for a rich Evans expanded universe rich
Evans expand it I just want to know
what's in it like it's just I guess the
rich Evans expanding universe is just
personal stories so you you get that
shit all the time it's sprinkled in here
and there oh shit I'm at mom already
you never finished enter the gungeon
yeah now we never finished enter the
gungeon we never beat enter the gungeon
hell of a Jack came than a me game
anyway now that I not that I hated enter
the gungeon hey I didn't like that the
the powers weren't stacking that was my
problem with it too you know I'm like
Isaac site look look at this look at
this weird ash I'm shooting giant coins
and some of them are bloody and some of
them are brown and like my outfits are
weird and I got friends with me this is
the kind of shit that I like
and in Gunjan you just get to choose
from one gunner to the other it's a fine
game gungeon enter the gungeon but it's
not it's not my it's not my it wouldn't
become my obsession like Isaac has
become my obsession yeah or like
figuring out like an FTL you know like
figuring out the right weapon
combinations who flak laser Halbert beam
you know something like that
get their shields down slice them up you
can find really fun combinations yeah
but that was that that's why Gunjan
didn't have the longevity to me
I stay focused gotta stay focused you
don't want to get you let your guard
down
well yeah cuz now I can beat everyone
but you know they can still you get
overconfident yeah they can still hurt
me so red pooop' comes back red pooop'
comes back and it hurts you if you bump
into it and that chest has spikes on it
so I can only assume it hurts me if I
open it okay but there might be
something awesome inside there could be
something else inside so my plan is to
wait
should should Jack open the upper chest
the uber chest the the spiky chest I'm
gonna wait until my unicorn horn fills
ah Vince
oh shit then I can be invincible what
are there's just an extra heart lying
around or if there's an extra heart
lying around I got also if it takes one
heart but it might take more than one
heart we don't know no he should nob no
it's not uber no it's just an item chest
okay what do you ohh ohh we'll see but
now I have a free that battery refills
my my unicorn gauge so I have a free
unicorn gauge base okay so I am
definitely going to oh thanks I'm going
to take that as soon as I clear another
room
oink great
just have to clear another room first I
feel like this game relies too much on
fecal imagery we know who the proves our
relies too much on fecal imagery yes III
wouldn't say it relies on it that's our
faculty it's utterly reliant utterly
utterly it's part of it's part of the
thing man you just got a you got a oh
just like a boss rush room yeah like I
could have I could have not opened the
the gold chest and you know just let it
be but my god you're destroying them
right they just weaker versions are you
just destroying I'm just incredibly
incredibly powerful got anything for me
no all right all right let's go see
what's in that spiky chest cuz I got my
free unicorn horn Paul now
yep just keen about so this this game is
shit this game is oh fuck you
unless that was a joke in which case I
think the most you get the joke but I
don't get the joke this game relies a
lot on fecal imagery this game is shit
oh I still don't quite get it but I'll
just I'm just gonna go along with it at
this point because you know
just you know remember this this game is
from a child's perspective and so it's
you know weird monsters and shit Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says if the Last
Supper was a Passover meal and Jesus was
tried the following day how could
Barabbas be released for Passover it's
been 2,000 years and that never bothered
anyone you know you know you're gonna
even if you're gonna start pointing out
continuity errors in the Bible there are
bigger ones but whatever whatever
there's bigger fish to fry if you want
to you want to start pointing out like
clerical errors and in the Bible if your
beliefs aren't harmful and you can
believe whatever the fuck you want I
just don't give a damn
Wow riches settle down a little bit
blues aren't harmful I don't care I
never have we have had this guy you've
taken hard leads if you believe that I
need to shoot people because my religion
says I must vanquish the the heathens
yeah your religion is terrible and you
should feel ashamed absolutely if you
just believe Sammy the soap monster
lives up in space he looks at you all
day all right just kind of weird kind of
dumb but whatever I wants and me the
soap monster how do i how do i apply to
the same of the soap monster religion
you just just believe you just believe
it like any religion you just yeah okay
I believe that thing there you go you're
sending the soap monster I'd I that's
that's me I I want to work on the name
though it's name in some monster right
you know Sammy the soap monster Aryan
Sammy this soap month apostle if if what
I have complained about religion in the
past it has definitely been about
fanatics harming harming the world
harming harming laws or whatever
each Bumbo whip whip whip whip whip whip
no not still nothing got nothing for me
what what the fuck was that
are you gonna eat I can eat gumbo or no
you're full
I haven't that ah all right doing great
anybody been doing great this is great
this jack played the beginner guide yet
I don't know what that is
I don't know what that is so my guess is
no do you really need the unicorn horn
at this point makes it easier damage and
health up Oh God
it's crazy Jack it's crazy it's crazy
rich oh my god one of those so the knife
replaces my shots with a knife that does
a lot of damage but it's just one knife
yeah but it can like it's like circles
around me okay this I think that gives
me a black heart every time I use it
which could be useful what's the black
heart a black heart is just an extra
heart that you know the blue ones
yeah well it's a black one so you don't
need a container so I could fill myself
up with black heart wait there does that
give me items yeah do either way I don't
care I don't care about either of those
things maybe that gives me an idea my
people are chanting knife knife no I'm
not I'm not wasting this on a knife run
the the knife's are really powerful but
it's just one projectile yeah and I look
at I have fucking gold bombs right now
not wasting this out of knife run knifes
are really nice I don't get early on
yeah someone else a chat saying knife
might actually be an unsafe play at this
point oh it's yes yeah it would be a
huge downgrade huge downgrade I mean of
course I have my helpers like I have
bumbo and I have daddy longlegs so I
could just sit in a corner and have them
take care of everything but someone
saying the knife doesn't circle I meant
I didn't know
not circle like the bloody knife it
sticks out in front of me so it doesn't
circle at all
well no but so it sticks out in whatever
direction my head is facing and so ok it
goes round me in a circle yes that was a
confusing way to say it there's a
different knife in the game the bloody
knife that actually circles around you
okay it's kind of like a shield the fuck
is that this is this let's all does okay
so it's not worth it not worth it not
when I got the unicorn horn as little
hesitant about the unicorn horn nah but
it's proving quite useful Jack that's a
dagger you heathen what they just said
that's a dagger oh the bloody dagger I
don't know scissors I don't know what
that does I'd rather have cancer the
safety scissors I don't know what those
do but cancer makes makes you cry harder
so I'd rather have cancer you know
that's an accurate depiction of cancer
you're almost at 15 Jack oh there's no
shops now that we're in the room oh so
now you can have them all here you know
what I have enough keys I have this one
what are you give me another what if it
needs so many ores just like a chance
that's probably random random chance I'd
be I'd assumed yeah okay
rock and roll anyone tell me what
someone tell me what the safety scissors
do please oh if I see it I will read it
if someone if someone mentions see what
the safety scissors do that would be
moms knife scales you're damaged you
would probably one-shot any boss with it
since you have gotten a lot of damage up
items that's true I do have a ton of
damage safety scissors turn troll bombs
into free bomb pickups and turns fire
bombs into double bomb pickups oh I have
enough bombs I'd rather have that option
yeah no mom's knife could have been good
the only problem is like mom's knife is
wonky to shoot things with and this is
just a giant spray of Awesome bullets so
I think this is the right choice and
it's too late I've made it this is the
choice I've made you're gonna beat the
game and your first run that I checked
that's great
we're doing great then what do we do
that I either I play it again or assign
a new game
I played but I know better than to
follow this act haha helped out Oh what
was it I have a problem with pills I
take all the pills so I lost a heart
container okay so now I only have four
instead of five which puts me at a
pretty big disadvantage he's like this
fucker
oh my god none of us says so do you guys
donate to charities which ones I've I've
never had like an amount of spare money
to the point where I said you know I can
give a bunch to charity that's never
happened to me oh okay
you'd like a dollar here they're
collecting your collecting money for
something or something yeah
I've never taken like here's five eighty
dollars I'm gonna give it to this
charity oh yeah that is never happened
I like the The Hunger task force here in
here in Milwaukee we have the The Hunger
task force and you know it gives food to
people who need food you know what I do
for charity hmm that doesn't cost any
money I give blood yeah yeah I've done
that
I give guys I'm regularly with the
American Red Cross I regularly give
blood I have I'd like they had they had
me on a schedule is any more like nearby
up here we did they used to live by a
like you know done in the noise live by
a Heartland Blood Center oh okay so
anything like that here we're just gotta
wait for someone to have a blood drive
well but usually the same places have it
you know once every six months and so
like for me there's a place right down
the street that has one you know every
six months and so that's what I do
blood donations often go to waste
mmm it's so important but if they're
needed it's yeah and it's just something
that I can do that doesn't cost me any
money something that I can do to help
sometimes yeah I'm sure there's
something go to waste but hey a little
thing if I can do a little thing and it
has the possibility of helping or why
wouldn't I Thank You bull ice got
anything else for me no now with this
one
I got that all right I'm sorry
look like that was getting pretty hairy
there for a bid Jack yeah absolutely
absolutely and great oh my god the
animation yeah that's adorable
well yeah you're like usually for me
like as far as charities are concerned
it's it's usually like food-related
their animation the fetus in a jar has
appeared in the basement I hate the I'd
hate the idea of someone going hungry
he's a here's a quick tip yeah you wanna
you wanna be charitable huh keep in your
car granola bars yeah like a big pack of
granola bars and then if you see someone
on the side of the road who's got a
little sign that says they're homeless
and hungry you give them a little
granola bar I was just driving down the
street yep and heavy rain downpour okay
heavy rain downpours just man standing
on the street corner holding up one of
those signs you know help me I feel bad
for him yeah but I you know I went to
driving past them and I stopped at a
McDonald's and I went in to buy him mom
oh just a McDonald's breakfast yeah I
remember some other guy in there and I
mentioned what I was doing is yeah I'm
broke to me give me something here his
block there you go fucking mode sure
where's your sign you sign I come you're
not standing on the rain see here's the
thing you starting out in the rain and
by assembly that guy put some effort
into it what are you what are you doing
nothing you know what I went to go give
the other guy's sandwich he was gone
oh I felt bad
yellow flies
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo yeah that's
that's my charity I often and you know I
live in the city so we we we have to
deal with people with signs often and so
keep some granola bars in that I eat the
sandwich I've already eaten I don't
remember what happened to the sandwich
but right I was not hungry at the time I
bought this for somebody else this is an
important question what happened to the
Safeway
I mean I'm curious I'm not saying I'm
not yonder yonder says as someone who
was in the hospital a lot and has to
have blood I thank you both for giving
blood
keep up the amazing work thank you blood
helps and you give you a cookie too
they give you a cookie then you know
usually the places have like a little
little something for you to snack on
what you know it doesn't take that long
no it's like a half an hour I do the
Snipe in that long I do well I do these
where I went but the two pints thing I
don't know what that is where they take
um like more than normal yeah they take
twice the amount and then like only keep
the red blood cells and give you back
the word like they do something in a
centrifuge and give you back some
yeah not a massage do you have any
thoughts on the Milwaukee Sheriff why
should I is there like a story with the
sheriff did something weird Dickon what
happened he's just in general a general
he's a dickhead he's one of those he's
one of those controversial provocateurs
he compared the black lives matter
movement or he said black lives matter
is working with Isis okay cuz he's a
giant dickhead he's one of those he's
one of those people who like that's not
the same guy who I saw a video of where
they're asking about some kind of flea
shooting and he said look I gotta go to
a child got shot I've gotta go do my job
leave me alone about this crap I had a
lot of respect for him I don't know if
that's the same guy I don't think so
okay I do but you know what I don't know
Oh
oh crap don't you give me that's giving
the seeker room and give me crap
now there's a there's a lot of people
that are that are so desperate to make a
name for themselves that they'll just
say outrageous things the one thing I
ever heard him say sounded quite
reasonable but that's the only thing I
ever heard him say so sheriff Clark I
don't
this chest saying it's the same guy but
what do I know don't think whoa whoa
what the fuck was that there's a demon
why is that oh I didn't usually there's
not demons in this room okay I hear
demon
get out of here demon motherfucker Zilla
four thousand says thank you jack
what think I'll go for doom as well
about the vote oh that's right yeah do
my game of the year over overwatch it's
a tough call love overwatch a fucking I
fuckin love overwatch I play overwatch
all the time also if you are at all
curious about the other choices they
were inside titanfall 2 and uncharted 4
I've heard great things about that fella
- thanks for the laughs and keep kicking
ass
you know but Uncharted is gonna win
because I don't know art because of art
a story like a movie it's like a movie
just thinkin
rip the graphics in uncharted 2 were so
revolutionary and that we had we had to
give it Game of the Year I've heard
really good things about titanfall 2
they've added a single-player campaign
yep
and I hear the multiplayer is very good
alright I haven't played it but I'm not
a big multiplayer gamer so you know oh
that is exact I had a shitload of fun
play doom doom what's great doom is a
great game i don't i don't really care
about game awards though and give it to
wherever they want didn't it's
meaningless doesn't mean i enjoyed the
game i liked any less right you know
that's true that's true rich so what's
the cardboard box stick oh it's just a
it gave me stuff like ain't no keys and
money and modesty up and it's just a it
just gave me random stuff and now that's
the visual marker i am curious about the
new call of duty in the call of duty in
space yeah it's kind of its kind of
bizarre everyone says it's terrible
yeah and it's the first time I've ever
seen it like a Call of Duty and I was
like oh that could be fun like the
flight around in space spaceships of fun
zero gravity gunfights I've never done
that before
thank you friend
what are you makes oh no I'm tiny I
don't understand like why why don't I
hate Call of Duty fans yeah why did the
new one get so much hate that's a great
question that it just finally it wasn't
just finally too much was just finally
we're sick of Call of Duty was that in
I'm very curious what it's called duty
113 at this point what it would Call of
Duty is it I don't know yeah because
they they're smart enough not to use
numbers because they they know how
absurd it would look right this is a
terrible place to address Call of Duty
fans
that's very true thank you all then I'm
just curious what is what is the deal
with the hate on that game I'm just I'm
not in the loop a mix of people being
sick of it and people not liking the
sci-fi direction okay so idiots so
that's the one thing that looks
interesting to me the sci-fi direction
right oh oh Jesus look what the vision
the you take a pill and it gives you a
retro vision which just makes it more
pixel well see what's your Kade there's
an arcade yeah what happens in there
it's kind of like a shop where uh I
guess uh yeah I have some coins I can
open well who I have 15 I should check
out the shop first yep
you do what you got to do I'm doing what
I got it oh shit oh here comes retro
vision again yeah that sucks
so just randomly happens you can't stop
it apparently not
I really should stop eating pills why
okay you know you never know if a pill
is gonna be good or bad um it's really
it's always random yeah unless you get
there's an item that lets you
that lets you see what the pills are but
I don't got it it looks different it's
not call of duty that's why I come on I
don't like call of duty partially
because of titanfall 2 and titanfall 2
is said to have done them better right
look I really I really don't have a dog
and then that that that race
nice
nice Nathan made says Jack and rich yes
Isaac has co-opted fetus co-op which was
planning of getting you metal gear
rising in case you wanted to pair it
with a vanquish run night but you have
it so you should play it
let Metal Gear omen ago rising Miller
your rising okay okay oh I'm sure I'll
get around to trying up one of these
days I had too many games not enough
time the ever problem of too many game
good problem to have right now no says
you know what game isn't afraid to
number it series rich guess take a guess
final fantasy you stinky dick liquors
just kidding still friends no no we're
not stinky dick licker you called me a
stinky dick licker that's that doesn't
even sound like a real insult it's hard
to play new games when they spend two
hours on a broken level or bitching
about that more bitching about that Oh
about uh about mr. president
yeah that's what happens Natomas says so
what happened with the Milwaukee Bucks
threatening to leave without a new
stadium that got them a spot on John
Oliver I have no idea what happened that
Milwaukee barely knows there's a
basketball team I swear to God you could
say how about the Milwaukee Bucks or
just how about the Bucks to just a
random person on the street and they
look at you funny like what what what
bucks what is it is it possible there
are more Bulls fans I'm terrible I'm
serious III don't think I I think
basketball is so off our radar
that ya know there's there's just more
anything anything other fans because
people people you know like us our age
yeah
yeah I didn't I didn't grow up up here
but I imagine you know Michael Jordan
had a pretty far reach and I imagine
them them nineties Bulls were pretty
popular up here that'd be my guess
oh well you know they were popular
everyone yes so the the question is
modern-day Bulls fans
I just don't think basketballs that of
that big a deal up here well I'm already
we might have more people who go to our
Milwaukee Wave games which is our minor
indoor soccer league but I didn't
explain this when we started talking
about it for everyone in the chat who
doesn't know because there are probably
a lot of you but Milwaukee Bucks are a
Milwaukee basketball team they play in
the NBA yes they're real they're real
team in the NBA
they're a real team in the NBA and we
never win and no one likes them and yet
somehow they want to raise our taxes to
get them a brand new stadium when nobody
cares or thinks about the box
nobody cares the things about the box
yet I think it's a really good idea
dumbasses some raise our taxes to give
them a new stadium because if they got a
new stadium that a reinvigoration up
they'll be gone in my lifetime from the
city at least oh yeah
easily
prereq confirmed for Republicans
confirmed absolutely absolutely
what did we say raise taxes oh and you
should know by now Republicans don't
care about raising taxes anymore it's
like I don't I don't remember you know
sports teams being such a huge divisive
political issue amongst party lines you
know know what's new to me it's it's one
of those things where you know we have
Republicans usually our hard line
against taxes yet our Republican
governor is the one pushing for the new
stadium for new for the knit for the
text is to cover the new stadium
god damn walker shit I'm not doing
goodness run
me my friend to eat more heed to them
friend eat to them were me friend okay
go get him the Republican comment was
definitely a joke I've said time and
time again I don't I don't care if
something's a joke or trolling or not if
it's amusing I'm gonna run with it
absolutely
oh shit so yeah the bucks
no one cares about the box people
sometimes care about the Brewers because
I think sometimes the Booya well they
they cared a lot when Ryan Braun was
cheating cuz you know the team looked
good because Ryan Braun was cheating
was he yeah steroids oh really
well cheated sometimes when I caught him
to calm twice oh yeah yeah he still
playing oh yeah really yeah you can do
that first time they caught him I think
he tried to I think he tried to get some
guy fired it like a laboratory oh wait
what I remember it was successful it was
like the Ryan Braun the steroid thing
the one where he's like no it's herpes
medication for my herpes could have been
any kind of crazy thing like that I
don't remember specifically I think I
remember hearing something along the
lines of like like he didn't like the
results were skewed because he he was
unclear about like his sexual
promiscuity and it's actually for herpes
medication which you know could have
just been his spin like no I fuck a lot
I'm not on steroids I just have sex a
lot that's me Ryan Braun II has sexy
alladhi chap donator I know you said not
to read this and I'm not going to read
this but I think I think we've just had
enough of the politics I'm going to
avoid talking about a hardcore for a
while like with the election looming and
it being such a big deal yeah this
election it was hard to avoid I just had
to run with it but I'll just ease off on
just diving into that for a while
I did not hear about the new elite
dangerous update what do they put in yes
and now back to 9/11
yeah I think I'll break going it's fine
dealio elite dangerous what's the lead
dangerous again that's the space flight
sim thing that you were bored by oh yeah
and I kind of enjoyed I'm bored by a lot
though you hear about the the Carrie
Fisher news the Carrie Fisher news star
war zone Carrie Fisher I have not heard
the Carrie Fisher news I guess this is
from like a new book she's coming out
with where she admits to having an
affair with Harrison Ford when she was
just 19 they were filming Star Wars okay
married with two kids in 33 at the time
yeah who should that you know they were
getting it on Jack I don't doubt it
you know the Star Wars Carrie Fisher
ain't nothing to ain't nothing to blink
at but you know did she okay that with
Harrison Ford no she was 19 right is
borderline creepy I mean they're both
consenting adults but oh it's still
borderline she's still she's still a
homewrecker he's still you know cheating
dog right whatever right
right absolutely
that's ah holy shit she's only 60 that's
what a lifetime of coke will get yet
you know but also if she's kept it for
this long like what's going on in carrie
fisher's brain like is she just so or
I'm old now I don't know I'm old now and
it's been long enough I don't know or
this will sell books yeah this will sell
a lot of books yeah yeah
this will sell a lot of books yeah and I
think like that's that to me is a little
like cringy calling her a cheating dog
is misogynistic rich I called there was
some for to cheating dog she wasn't I
called her a homewrecker get your facts
straight motherfucker Carrie Fisher
wasn't married and when she didn't she
didn't cheat on anyone
assuming that rich called Carrie Fisher
a cheating dog means that your
misogynistic boom guess what you just
got double misogyny
oh no yep you just got it wait what
happened with Carrie Fisher she was
fucking Harrison Ford during Star Trek
Star Wars it's in her new book I guess
it's something to talk about it's not
politics yet it's still disgusting and
its own well well looking at him now
yeah oh no one wants to picture the
elderly having sex all right it's a
filthy affair they had jack oh I don't
give a fuck about that I don't give no
fucks
she can read and write she's written a
number of books she was vaguely famous
as an author for a while okay and Carrie
Fisher was actually a fairly well-known
script doctor oh really
I don't know she doctored scripts she as
she she punches up scripts like if
someone has an alright script but like
it's not in the correct format or like
it's missing key scenes like Carrie
Fisher is one of the go-to like I will
fix your script so it's shootable
right I know I know they made a movie on
one of her books oh yeah yeah I forgot
one Myrtle's I think Meryl Streep was
starting him starting it was a while ago
some something from the ED postcards
from the edge I think yeah care
efficient she does that right she's one
of them are writing the boobs
mmm
did I have anything else I'm Carrie
Fisher no no no the answer is what have
you heard what you thought of it
oh yeah wondered if you had an opinion
there's something to talk about Jack no
I think that's great rich that's that's
the important thing
got a fill dad what dad got a fill I've
got a field got a fill I have I've just
can't have strong feelings I'm Carrie
Fisher fucking Harrison Ford I'm just
not surprised it's just another thing
Mark Hamill got tonight didn't get
Harrison farms Fame was he married at
the Titanic Mark Hamill cares he's had a
decent life former Campbell oh yeah
he's had a successful career and voice
acting he's a nerd who went on the Stars
Luke Skywalker and like the ultimate
nerd thing Mark Hamill's lived a blessed
life Jack absolutely absolutely
absolutely he even gets the second shot
at it still relevant he's he's the Joker
he is the goddamn Joker and that's fine
Mark Hamill didn't get to sleep with
Harrison Ford's ex
Horatio was felt Lana why would he come
in quality come and I approve right
except for the bike accident yeah except
for the car accident Mark Hamill's let
it charmed life why did he get married
anyway was he married at the time named
film Star Wars I have no idea I couldn't
tell you if he's married right now he's
been a few people in Hollywood who's
been married to like one person oh yeah
more than a decade oh well there you go
there you go trust rich Evans on this
one
Wow No
I just don't know what's going on
nope who did PJs oh I got PJs rich got
paired got the in PJs 78 unmarked Hamels
marriage okay it has a long damn time
he's been married since 78 yeah Wow
who hasn't Harrison Ford slept with
really I can I can safely roll myself
out
you know I'm sure he's had plenty of
partners Harrison Ford is he's still
with Kalista now right
I don't think so she left a while ago
busy with now his nurse isn't sorry I
took me a while to register her he's
with his nurse
Neko co-op says Miko Cola hey Jack and
rich hi I haven't tipped in a while
so I wanted to say hi hello are you guys
fans of aardman studios there's a new
doc on Netflix celebrating their 40
years of British stop-motion goodness
are they the Wallace & Gromit guys if
they are then yes they've been around
for 40 years if they're doing dramas go
ah anywhere around that long like I've
seen 25 or sure so but 40 right good for
them
I know the phone of the Wallace and
Gromit shorts hey ever see a Shaun the
Sheep ones and I really care much for
Shaun the Sheep
as you know as someone with children
those are great because they're actually
watchable and it's see they're a rad
movie either their rep movie with mice
or something that chicken run run right
yeah I don't know the rat one the wrong
trousers is great yes agreed Burns had
since iron said what do you think about
the flash film losing another director
what do you think we'll follow the DC
Cinematic Universe hopefully nothing ah
I don't care at all about the flash
movie losing another director I didn't
know it lost one yep
Jesus fuck you got a like I'm Caravan
Jack yeah oh yeah I got a lot I got a
lot of helpers this time the only
problem is sometimes it's hard to see
the enemy you know it's just one of
those things where if it was if it was
Marvel if you compare this to when when
ant-man Lost's Edgar Wright mm-hm
you just kind of go well Marvel is
consistently putting out quality
products and then making hits so they
kind of get to make that call but for DC
it's like they keep putting out crap
movie
what Marvel you kind of understand well
it's it's it's it's not in the style
they're going for I have their own they
have their own voice and maybe Edgar
Wright's voice is too different yes from
everything else they've done yeah that's
what you assume you can't say that for
DC unless well it's not gonna be a dark
mess the director came in and goes okay
I have I have this crazy idea for the
flash movie
the flash is kind of a fun character
right so I don't want to make it a dark
mess and I just go so now you're out
here that's not what the DC Universe is
okay DC universe is a dark incoherent
mess and unless you're willing to add to
that dark mess you can't you can't be a
part of it we want the DC Universe to be
as inhospitable as possible yes DC is
director driven they drive their
directors away this is tornado
heyyo
Kirk Lyndon says hey guys hi I know you
guys did a prereq about titanfall but
would you consider playing the titanfall
2 this time it has a quality
single-player campaign that is up there
with the new doom I have heard good
really good things about it maybe
someday the only thing I can give you
for that I'd be willing to stream it
suddenly a game maybe I don't want to
fuck around with origin oh that's a fuck
around with origin yeah maybe not maybe
just turned into a maybe not
but yeah I keep hearing consistently
good things about titanfall to both the
multiplayer and the campaign so Greg
O'Brien says hey guys hey how do I
convince my fiancee that we should get a
dog don't it's not really practical for
us at the moment but practically gets
old
don't you think love you guys and keep
up the great work
now with your fiancee don't get a dog
yeah the dogs dogs are constant work
their daily work times our family member
yeah and if you're like living in a
small apartment and you can't get a big
time and there's a lot of things to
think about what are you living oh yeah
no and it's just like are you prepared
to just like give up you know traveling
going places doing shit because you
gotta go home and take care of the dog
staying out late somewhere are you
prepared to have a child who is going to
die when he's 12 a child that will never
ever grow up well he's he's you know
he's only gonna make it to 12 there's
not gonna be time for growing up oh no
what what I mean is like like eventually
a kid goes to the bathroom by himself
you know like my kids I don't know I
don't know like change a diaper anymore
yeah a dog always speaking which is dog
food oh it was that for timing perfect a
dog you constant you have to do shit
with a dog constantly like a cat you put
some food in its dish and you and you
scoop its litter box and it's good for
like a day or two it doesn't care about
you at all though no the cat doesn't
care about you know i i'm i'm anti pet
in general i'm anti pet cats like you
know you don't want to worry about it
too much
really easy yeah dog needs attention dog
needs loves constantly don't need you
yeah dog needs you constantly to do shit
no no dog dogs dogs are great but like
you got to be in a good place to do dogs
I've had dogs growing up I love dogs I
love like seeing other people's dogs and
petting those dogs but you don't need
them you don't need them in your life
especially if you're like like oh we're
not we're not in a good place right now
like fuck man a dog's not gonna help
what's it talking to do be a dickhead
yeah I said I'd have a cat as a pet
specifically because a cat is less
responsibility yeah a dog will see no
difference between you and family you
know you're effectively in the dog's
mind it's parents Catelyn give shit in
in that sense I would have a cat as a
pet
yeah we get a bunch of and now we're
gonna get a bunch of hate cuz i'm anti
dog unfair jackson here's a tip to keep
not talking about politics we'd really
appreciate good we hear you
nada says so which nickname will stick
shit given cheeto messiah white cosby
what the fuck are they talking about
Trump hmm
I don't want to talk about that what I
don't know yeah I heard this shit keV
and I thought they were talking about
Isaac cuz all the ships in the game well
I'm not in mood politics we've had a
non-stop for weeks straight and I think
every one of the chat is sick of it so I
am laying off for now great let's do
that
yeah but the Greg says speaking of dark
mess have you seen the trailer for the
r-rated Justice League dark oh god I
have also Santana and John Constantine
are playable characters and DC Universe
Online the ps4 it's a free you fucks
there we go
I have seen it and much like much like
what was the other one what was the
other one Killing Joke the animation
looks dreadful I you know it's a dark
Justice League is like John Constantine
and Swamp Thing team up with Batman and
Wonder Woman to fight demons and shit
mhm
which is like a fun pregnant premise but
the animation looks like garbage all
over again
Tarrance ad says have you seen Conan's
clueless gamer review of final fantasy
15 it's fucking great it's fucking rich
will love it it's fucking great I love
it you will love it what Conan O'Brien
he's gonna get his toy taken away from
him which is great we mean his toy taken
away from him well you know the whole
the whole premise for the clueless gamer
thing yeah is he doesn't know anything
about video games right and you know and
he's very up fuck
he's very upfront with with gaming
companies yeah like I don't know how to
play games and no I don't know it's good
publicity yeah and generally like you
find he tries to find some fun in the
game yeah and he does this with Elijah
Wood and he plays Final Fantasy 15 and
just spends the entire time shitting all
over it and I won't spoil it because
there's a fun twist at the end but
everyone should go watch it alright I
know what I'm gonna do yeah we should
take a break
well I've slept you wanna say you know
it's fight time to stand up can you uh
can you exclamation point up time how
long have we been going exclamation
point up time what is this an
exclamation point up time yeah I'm
working I'm working on it anything
and then well now oh my god we've been
going for an early 40 minutes yeah we're
let's take a little break let's take a
little stand-up break do we have doing
good Rumi we're gonna be up for a minute
or two anyway yeah we're gonna take a
little break hold on it says we'll be
back do the other thing okay
hey guys we'll be right back in a moment
if you can see by our animation I am
gonna run an advertisement so please
check and please tracking we're sellouts
jack
fucking sellout never we we always
forget to run advertisements and I'm
gonna run an advertisement i won let me
go back to OBS and mute ourselves we'll
be back
