Episode 241
Mega Punching Pokemon Moon (Part 2)
December 13, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPBUz7q0mp0
___________________________________________

feel the idea so either way instead of
Raspberry Pi make it an up board is that
what they're saying for themselves cuz
after they ask you miss a instead of -
age instead of a Raspberry Pi making it
up board a full 110 machine in the size
of a Raspberry Pi okay hmm interesting
I don't know much about I've never used
a Raspberry Pi you sound neat and I
don't know what an app for it is so if
you want advice I'm afraid I just can't
give it to you I don't know I don't I
don't have a strong opinion on the
Raspberry Pi little computer other than
built the black buying of the Raspberry
Pi yeah and installing that inside a
hollowed-out old mess when probably
getting you something far better than
the stupid-ass mini mess Nintendo's
selling that's only got 30 fucking games
on it by the way
fucking waste and I called it that that
was going to be the hottest Christmas
gift ever sold out in seconds why are
people so dumb because it's a great
Christmas gift for someone who you don't
really know that well I think I think
they like I think they like video games
or something I saw this video game thing
hi what are we calling the bug what work
on the bug chat yeah oh I heard that the
the cable is like crazy stupid short
oh don't build your own or just emulate
the fucking mess on a PC for fuck's sake
I mean Jesus Christ why the fuck not
Geena Davis great it's not hard to do
Geena Davis no because nostalgia that
then buy a fucking Raspberry Pi and
build one out of an old mess Oh Brenda
oh sorry
screwed my gurus brundlefly would have
been a much better name for that yep I
can't now you can't change it after you
named it later
all right not right now gobbledygook
says hey Jack my brother did you
gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble go home on
the day before Thanksgiving it's very
possible that I gobble gobble gobble I
am using my krumitz grill mates mesquite
flavored marinade with turkey breasts
mmm hopefully we'll take like the
hickory smoked turkey lunch meat we'll
see yeah that's very very nice Theron
said so snow have you guys seen the mud
to get more to Salem turn Chris Mary
because I got nothing
well you know that's that's the
important part of making any turkey is
like the you know like just putting a
turkey in the oven ain't gonna give you
shit it's all about the prep work like
when I deep-fry a turkey part of the
reason part of the thing that makes my
deep-fried turkey so damn good is I
blind it the night before the night
before it's it sits in a solution of
salt and brown sugar water all night and
then like I rub it down I make a super
nice so like that's the important part
it's like the shit that you do to a
turkey smoked turkey is legit Jack
trigger Joyce abso-fucking-lutely but
it's all about the prep work that goes
into it like when I'm when I'm making
steaks tomorrow he can't just take him
out of the fridge and put them on the
grill that ain't gonna do you no good
take him out and get him to be room
temperature start rubbing them down like
an hour before you put them on the grill
let let that soak in a little bit how
much does the nest classic peg cost 30
games 30 a mere 30 games a tiny fraction
of the games that appeared on the Ness
genus well that's what I'm saying you're
supposed to take care of your turkey
before even before you bake it in the
oven
how much does the many nests cost rich
yeah yeah check I don't know how much
does in disgust I have no idea how much
of any nests cost sixty eight sixty
we're getting a couple sixty five
thousand absolutely I believe in 64
maybe sixty oh that's a lot of money I
can't fault them they're selling like
hotcakes hotcakes
I just think people weren't dumb yeah I
mean you're not wrong the thing thing I
hear about the nest classic is you need
to press a button on the nests in order
to change games like you can't do that
from the controller and so you either
need to like get up to change games or
have it near you yeah that's bullshit
how about I emulate the games on my
computer you know which also has an HDMI
port they're supposed to run great
though the games are supposed to like
that one they got that one out of the
park they figured that out they figured
out the leaf the fucking 35 year old NES
emulation this that's done you sure yeah
I'm pretty sure great
you could run you could run 500 of them
at the same time the controller cord is
three feet long is that true everyone
wants to steal game look I've got a
bunch of you fucking NES games in a
closet somewhere
I'm not replying that shit I'm also
uncomfortable stealing games it's ok
it's ok to be uncomfortable with it
it's not stealing when you own the
cartridges totally stealing totally
stealing you can justify it all you want
still totally stealing all right all
right no I don't want Ellie's call to
die
that is if the court is really three
feet long that's obnoxiously short
absolutely saying when cooking a turkey
is not overcooking it that's and that's
another truth and captain nitpick like
take your turkey out you know like
really pay attention to the temperature
you need a good meat thermometer you
take it out and then you let the heat
that's in the turkey finish cooking it
third sends us yeah
have you guys seen the trailer for the
show Emerald City it's a Wizard of Oz
adaptation that is actually visually
strong but it's exactly like Mike and
chase pitch for a gritty Humpty Dumpty
reboot hahaha
I haven't heard of it but I might check
it out now absolutely well that's really
funny no I wanted that my dad whoop
ocean ragged Kyra says rich now that
hitman 2016 is finally out will you give
it a try
heard it's an excellent stealth game
with big levels and lots of
replayability hopefully after you review
backlog I have 80 billion in games that
people want me to play that's true 80
billion I'm certainly not gonna say I
won't play it huh but I don't know when
I'll say that that's fair
fucking bird again if I could bear it
again I can only assume the new new one
is a good one and that like the one that
used to be the new one that was terrible
as compared to the one that came out
before which was good
I it's so confusing on to me on which
hitman games are good and which ones are
crap right people seem to have extreme
opinions on them I I can't help you I
can't help you I don't know if I play to
any of the hitman games I hear I think
two is supposed to be the good one
hitman - I don't know how was dishonored
- b5 is great I really liked it I really
liked it
Dishonored 2 I had a great time playing
it we we just filmed our discussion
actually today this afternoon and I will
work my hardest to get that up sometime
next week hoping to get it out early
next week but we'll see overall though I
liked it I liked this on a drill up a
lot of fun with it and rich really
enjoyed playing the thief 5 so tired and
sad says something that Logan is as good
as its trailer suggests and concludes
the series does the x-men franchise as a
whole have the greatest pendulum swings
between very good and shitty yes I think
so
well no you know what I will say no
that's that's really funny if Logan I
don't think there is yet to be a very
good x-men movie I don't think there is
a very good x-men oh ok I think the
original x-men 1 & 2 were fine at the
time it's tough the original x-men
movies were fine at the time look
looking back at them there's they have
major major problems
x2 the Wolverine show has has problems
it has issues x2 was the best of them
and even that one is like it's fine so
like they have a pendulum swing between
fine and utter garbage utter utter
garbage but it's still the largest
quality swing in franchise specifics of
the question yeah the biggest pendulum
swing between as a whole as a whole does
the franchise have the greatest pendulum
swings between quality good and bad no I
think you can look at the super the
original Superman series and some
classics and some schlock in there even
even Batman
what does super I'm always really go
like back and forth yeah the first two
are good and then the second two are oh
sure I suppose you know it's it's not
really a swing that's just a collapse
Touche I mean you could look at like
Star Trek o lot of people don't like the
first one I love the first one motion
pictures great I think rather consecrate
mm3 I don't remember caring that much
for an for is good 5 is shit 6 is great
next movies are terrible you know
there's a huge swing shoe or Star Trek
films you know what and then yeah
next-gen movies were terrible the new
reboot that's been fine too good
yeah yeah alright I hear ya I hear ya
need a Pokemon Center
maybe this time
oh well yeah so I like I I can't say
that they have the biggest pendulum
swings just because I don't think that
the the good ones were very good so as
far as the x-men movies were concerned
and like I thought the first first class
was just alright I really did not like
Days of Future past and I thought
Apocalypse was utter complete garbage
movie so it has a pendulum swing between
alright and garbage movie what might be
upset if you said the reboots good oh
yeah you know Mike is and Mike hates the
reboots Mike like 2009 track he had
issues with it but he didn't hate it
no we both hated into darkness as you
should and then I think we both really
like Star Trek beyond they're a mixed
bag there's that that pendulum yep
Star Trek 2009 kind of dumb but fun nice
looking movie decent for you know a
reboot yep Fresh Start was fine into
darkness oh it's awful under darkness
fucking garbage did beyond was good yeah
that's really good that's really good
darkness into darkness is awful awful
yes yeah
beyond might be underrated yeah my
compared Star Trek 2009 to a rape he
compared it to an enjoyable rape it was
unwanted but when it happened the
reaction was it was kind of nice pay
attention to that that was the actual
comparison going on I know but I just
don't I don't know if you could ever use
the words enjoyable rape is also well
you know what you got it's fucking dark
sense of humor dude I know no but you're
right like that
that skit it was coming it was dreaded
oh god it's gonna be terrible yes what
happened those kind of fun that way that
was that skin if you remember what she
says afterwards was that is fine and yet
she still missed her father's Star Trek
yes
beyond it like beyond was the movie that
it should have been Deanna was great but
it doesn't make it right at all but
there are rape cases where the victim
has had an orgasm it's still fucking
rape but it's still horrible but this
happens I've heard about this happening
I'm sure it happens that's which working
we'll just we'll just not go there all
right all right that's just not a good
place to be
I'm not ready for a Pokemon battle yet I
want to find place to heal up my focus
months
where is my rich it's not uncommon yes
I'm not a just doesn't outweigh the
other thing you know yes something makes
you uncomfortable pretend it doesn't
exist where's the sand is there a hole
large enough for my head oh no no it's I
think that's a slippery slope as far as
saying like like I know they I mean they
orgasm so that that some people could
think that that means that I set eight
times beforehand it's a terrible crime
and it doesn't make it right sure but
then you compared it to an enjoyable
rape okay and so that there's any joy in
a rape is that where it turns into a bad
thing right because the you know it's
it's a terrible terrible thing so just
because someone orgasms does not mean
that any part of it is enjoyable right
that's that that's the part where I'm
saying that's that's where we should
stop all right AJ AJ pimps all says
how're they healed
speaking of California all of your
assumptions in the gremlins commentary
of what Californians think about snow
entirely true or a naive us fuck when it
comes to sky water not Rosen or
otherwise it's true
they were my Pokemon were healed who
healed my Pokemon
okay great
fancy fuck runs and you can see his
hairpiece bouncing that crazy how is
that true
in into darkness you can see Spock's
hairpiece bounce
that's probably is it what he's
violently beating kondeh dev is it is it
when he's being overly emotional just
like Spock or we're offering a pokemon
battle to our to our Island God
Chris Collins says yes you got a name
your pokémon's where where can I send a
screencap of two of my favorite name
pokémon's from pokemons go hope you guys
can check this on air as they should
give you a good laugh no putting the
chat
I don't chat once a Pikachu
hey like a Pikachu that's a Pichu what's
the difference the P a Pichu that
evolves into a Pikachu Oh
Pichu is like a mini Pikachu like a baby
okay let's see what we can do here no
zero says what our next pokemons
question mark the only one the only
pokemons I care about in this one is I
want to mimic you because it looks
adorable I know this would be like a
full battle I didn't know this would be
like a full battle
you can get a Pichu in the grass outside
of town it's like a 5% chance oh okay
I'll go do that after I'm done here I
know what you just got what no my
opponent has a Pichu
oh so my plan is just to walk around I'm
gonna get a Pikachu that's that's that's
the fucking game rich no the game is you
just take your starter Pokemon you hit a
they're gonna fucking chew chewy you you
need out that you've got to find all the
Pokemon you gotta catch them all that's
how you become the very best like no one
ever was why you need that that's our
mission that's our that's our goal to
Kent cuz you know like to catch him is
our true test and to train them is my
cause mindlessly hit a and you grind up
and win know a guy catch the Pokemon cuz
it's fun to have like a little partner
and you know do stuff and you fight the
people and you get the badges then you
fight the only boar and you catch more
Pokemon how's this fight going
um alright I'm using I used but kind of
as a as a as a kamikaze pilot
my main Pokemon is a water type which is
weak against electric so I don't want to
put him up there and yeah so basically
I'm gonna throw woody and Gina Davis at
Pichu just to Whittle them down so what
he's easier to to beat if you kept
levelling up your water type wouldn't
matter of this low rank Pikachu yeah I
could electric powers I didn't know this
fight was coming so thanks not gonna do
very much but yeah it's something
but got pounded that's right Morocco but
was a buffer for the beatdown absolutely
just spent two hours getting my mimic
you it's a five percent chance whoo
that's all I want I just want him to
make you wanna run five hours for a five
percent shit oh my god that's the game
you get you build up your team you get a
cute little really get a cute little
friend that sounds awful we're dogs
miserable nothing about walking around
in the grass for two hours hoping for
that 5% chance nothing about that sounds
fun
hey where's the mimic you that sounds
like two hours of your life that are
just gone tell me where to mimic you is
okay Timmy go tell me what a minute
mimic you is
and you know you know what wait vadoma
says for rich and uncontrolled orgasms
happy prostate Awareness Month 3rd
island
thanks thanks jelly sickle uh-huh are
you laying down with riches laying down
this is this is crazy these crazy things
are happening well I've been in a battle
right now rich I'm battling I thought
you're just hitting the button I'm
fatally battling man look at this battle
this is exciting man this is great
things are happening man we're battling
to appease our Island God for some
reason it's great there's a cat there's
a little fucking cat you know I'm gonna
put out some of my weaker Pokemon so
they get stronger this is the weirdest
shit it's the greatest what are you
talking about shit it's great it's great
looking this is a Pokemon is just taking
so long I I'm making it take a little
bit longer cuz I'm putting out my
weakest Pretenders strategy going off
putting out my weaker Pokemon to raise
them off so you're trying to pretend
this strategy going on just because it's
light strategy doesn't mean it's not
strategy okay man come on now I got my
good Pokemon out and I could be playing
XCOM you could be playing it so yeah
before jack up the studio yeah I was
killing time by playing X condoms
it was fucking amazing oh it's super
effective great it's great this is all
great great things are happening rich
great things are happening you know what
I want to talk about for a little bit
yeah all right maybe this whole this
will interest you a little bit Saturday
Night Live and branded content okay how
do you how do you feel about that
what do you mean Brandon like what's
going on with Saturday live in Brandon
contest so I I was pretty I watched
Saturday Night Live last Saturday for
some reason uh-huh I can't even explain
to you why I watched him and they had a
pre like a pre-recorded and edited video
that was like a fake Target commercial
yeah and it was about like the basis of
the joke was Target it's not just for
shopping you can also hang out in our
big empty parking lot to get away from
your family during Thanksgiving and you
can you know roam our aisles to get rid
of to get away from your family and
think about your life problems and so
that games kind of a joke right yeah
yeah but I'm thinking to myself like
this is another branded branded sketch
because two weeks ago when they had
Benedict Cumberbatch on they had a fake
Kohler commercial for a cool toilet that
you sat on backwards okay but it was you
know like a Kohler toilet it wasn't like
a fake brand toilet yeah it was a
coachman I'm like so in in my head I'm
thinking that these are commercials
disguised as sketches or you know Brant
what we call branded content yeah which
is you know it's a sketch kind of
wrapped around a commercial idea thanks
got my Metapod now boom
and so I made a little Twitter thing
about it and I got into a slight Twitter
rant about it huh where's like Oh like
isn't this crazy like how desperate
commercial television is becoming where
they're like integrating commercials
into the content now like it's and it's
way more brazen than it's ever been
before right right I got into a little
bit of thing with gobbledygook s--
because gobbledygook
was arguing that branded content has
been happening specifically on SNL for
years and you know pointed to a bunch of
sket older sketches right right it was a
slight ran beefcake four or five tweets
not too bad like he was pointing
gobbledygook was pointing out too like
the target lady sketches do you remember
those where Kristen Wiig was like a
crazy target and employee I can't tell
you when the last time I saw Saturday
Night Live was but honestly yeah I think
Phil Hartman was still in the case and
the cast whoa
okay so Jack clearly doesn't remember
the 50s I remember the 50s but uh in any
case so you know there was a little bit
of back and forth between us and and I
was saying like I think this is getting
no I'm not against branded content
I make branded content Maya one of my
pass me a beer gifts made it to the
front page of Reddit again today gifts
got you know five million view that's
Brandon Canton right there little old
Milwaukee
branded content right there I just think
it's interesting so like I made a note
of it I'm not against it I just think
it's very interesting leave is the end
maybe you'll figure out what the mission
is every island and so you know as much
trust in SNL did I have would you I mean
do you I guess like just really a joke
SNL as it what role that doesn't matter
SNL has been an institution and so like
no and you know what it doesn't matter
as long as it's funny right
that's an old still an institution or
are they just like a zombie is it a
zombie show it's still around it well
past its romo abs herbs and flows kind
of like The Simpsons I think I
personally I think SNL has passed it's
right it's it's relevance because no one
really cares about live TV TV anymore
right but I think it has epson flaws I
think there are good episodes and bad
episodes but I'm eight here's here's the
real point of it of my little errors I'm
sorry guys so my point is you know like
there was a big back and forth on
whether or not or how long branded
content has been on SNL like
gobbledygook pointing out David Alan
Grier Hawking Snickers bars as Maya
Angelou like back in the 90s the
difference would be if you're sorry
finish Ram no no good
I am I in my mind what makes it branded
is they are they getting paid to do it
or do they just want to use a brand to
riff on them right or did target go to
them and say can you can he do something
for us exactly and and to me like that's
what this new target fake commercial
fake target commercial look like it
looked like target was saying hey find a
way to fit target into a sketch and you
know like they worked it out Koller said
hey get our name on some sort of toilet
sketch something you know and and it
worked it out here's where the
interesting part really comes in and
someone I wanted to loop in on the
conversation earlier but decided not to
is my cousin Jake who actually worked
for SNL for a season shot he was a
director at ice know he shot the
pre-recorded bits for SNL he jumps into
the Twitter rant and goes hey you know
what I don't think this was a commercial
okay oh well shit you kind of got to
trust him and and I say you know I asked
him on Twitter when you were making bits
for SNL was there any pressure was there
any talk of making commercial bits he
said none
so it's very possible that all these
bits that I have thought were were
branded bits was just them saying oh you
know what it'd be cool to make a fake
commercial that looked like a real
commercial maybe we can ask Target if we
can use a target so it came from them
Oh oh god I'm done pressing hey now
great great his SNL secretly delighted
that Trump won could this be the thing
that keeps them alive that came to the
realm or yours possibly actually they're
probably they're probably more bummed
about it because it probably costs them
more to get Alec Baldwin then just to
have Kate McKinnon do her thing
well the depends upon if they keep using
Alec Baldwin or I've heard I was friend
what are the other guys does a pretty
good Trump oh yeah yeah no I don't know
I think no matter what they would have
they would have been they would have
found comedy it'll keep Alec Baldwin
working right uh yeah you know I I feel
a bit foolish because someone like I
said who has worked for SNL has directed
personnel said yeah you know what I
don't think it's still possible oh it's
still very possible that it was a
branded commercial it's also possible
that it wasn't but in any case I thought
it was interesting God works in the
Chadha saying yeah
latest Alec Baldwin episode
post-election was the lowest rated SNL
episode of all time Wow
here's the question gobbledygook does
does that take into account day-after
online views just a sketch on YouTube
yep yeah cuz SNL has their own YouTube
channel all those sketches go up on
YouTube next day right most of them the
point even watching the fucking show
exactly well that's why I thought it was
so interesting this whole branded
content I thought they were baking it
into the sketches right cuz no one
watches commercials anymore
so that's why branded content is so
important now you have to bake it into
the content which is why I thought
gobbledygook cooks I'm not going to
trust that website with factual
information I'm I'm not going to Jack
and dick yes what did you two want to be
when you grew up that is assuming that
you didn't know playing children's video
games for money was an option back then
large pervert problems in life as I
didn't know what I wanted to do yeah
yeah like drawing mm-hmm
so that's when I was really young I
wanted to draw well okay but you know
bit older everyone I'm not quite good
enough to make a living at it I never
knew what I wanted to do I kind of
honestly I guess back in high school and
whatnot
I kind of hoped that I'd be able to make
money doing the stupid skid stuff sure
Oh can't go that way shame will probably
never be able to do anything with this
whole being goofy in front of a camera
thing that's doomed
that's just doomed guess I'll have to
get a real job so don't don't honestly
it kind of worked out for me
not that why not that what fuck you fuck
you game I want to check out was that
way you're not gonna find any like rich
drawings online I used to like doodle in
class in school not exactly the same
thing as me trying to be an artist I
never got that far with it like talking
about my times like really young I
wanted to draw her
so deadlines a new source you know
that's been around for a while said that
actually post-election was the
highest-rated SNL episode which is why
we don't trust websites that started a
couple years ago where am I supposed to
go how do you know which ones to trust
good point all here here's the real
thing rich I don't care I don't care how
it did I really I really I know I wasn't
paying attention
great I just really don't care I don't
care about SNL ratings I don't think
anyone cares about ratings cuz if they
want to watch it they can just watch it
the next day oh this way here we go okey
Mons
what do you wonder did when you were kid
yeah I just want to do it I just wanted
to be funny I just want I just wanted to
I wanted to be an entertainer that's
that's all I did I had you know like it
like I've said this before I
I was an aimless youth I I didn't have a
clear path to entertainment so you know
like for a while I was in a band and I
was like oh it could be fun being in a
band didn't really work out mostly
because I had to have a real job too and
so like it's really hard to like tour
when you have a real job and you know
had kids pretty young so like it's hard
to tour when you have kids and a real
job and I like doing the video stuff and
that worked out one day I might be able
to be funny I hope most likely a button
I'm really hope I'm working on it
working hard bud
you know you know I used to I used to
believe that everyone could get along
and we could be civil but I know just
for the Chad emote mode huh fuck it I
give up this is what happens I give the
fuck up by the way this didn't happen
when we talked about Trump it only
happened when we talked about Breitbart
now you're doing it I don't want to talk
about it goddamn ha ha
we tried we can't have a civil
discussion
nope with each other we can't you're a
jerk well I don't like you and fuck
everything fuck it fuck it I'm just I'm
just saying I think it's interesting
like we were talking about politics and
it was fine right there we go emo Tommy
mode perfect Chris Newlin says Jack I'm
Jack the shirt you wore a few streams
ago on the Halloween best of the worst
episode the one with the Beatle logo on
the front
yes it's very beetleborgs t-shirt it is
not a beetleborgs t-shirt that is
actually a fara t-shirt from over watch
that is the Farrah scarab logo so it is
an overwatch t-shirt so no gaming has
another Ferrum Prince of Persia Oh at
the time apparently well I think Farrah
is like Egyptian she's an Egyptian
character so yeah so that would make
sense no so that is a Farrah that is an
overwatch shirt which I really like that
you're cut because it's just like the
Beatles symbol you know so it's it
doesn't like say like overwatch on it so
I like that I like I like my shirts to
be a little subtle Chris Cohen says here
you guys go thank thanks for my computer
going on to sleep on honey
thanks for everything by the way you
guys are awesome have a happy
and safe holiday to everyone hey mods
yeah you can turn off the the emote only
mode now that was great
I like Emoto me mode though it's funny
but yes you can turn off emote Oh me
mode now that is alright less and less
hopeful humanity every day jack yeah
every day welcome welcome welcome rich
everything's gonna be fine magnetron the
one Pokemon named the magnet for the
magnetron magnetron Rick some kind of
some kind of magnetron they named the
pokemons magnet from this is some kind
of bag okay and so here's here's the
thing chat please remember I know you're
trying to be funny and I know you're
trying to push the moderators boundaries
in order to be funny but let's give an
example if you type something like the
Jews run the media that is unacceptable
you I know you're trying to be funny
don't don't don't do it don't do it
I don't want you to do it I can pet my
pokemons what it's do something cute and
adorable that will save us
I can pet my pokemons nope give your
Pokemon tender loving care pet them
gently and make them very affectionate
towards you give your Pokemon pokey
beans Pokemon love to eat them Pokemon
can get dirty when they battle when that
happens make them clean with the
grooming tools okay
Hey look look great
you can put your Pokemon papi listen I
want a notebook about just three hours
ago I was playing X come is a quiet room
I was playing XCOM I'm losing a pet let
sped up oh let's pet Metapod I am easily
a museum yes that looks disgusting
because I want him to evolve so he turns
into a butter Frese look at the audio
minute Auto good Metapod who's a good
who do we meet apart was a good man
apart
you're a good man apart like a
caterpillar it eventually turns into a
butterfly yeah and this is a walking
cool with eyes this is a walking cocoon
well he does I mean I think he just kind
of sits there he's like a slug he's
chinese kind of a
that is unique because they need to be a
cocoon it's great that's great Craig
nation says hello jack and rich of
Thanksgiving here is a tip to thank you
guys for the many hours of entertainment
have a good Thanksgiving and may it be
full of juicy check me oh yeah thank you
happy say hey Happy Thanksgiving
everyone for for all of our American
viewers Happy Thanksgiving for all of
our international viewers you know happy
Thursday it's just gonna be a regular
Thursday for them
I don't do it do it like people in
England like because all of our banks
are closed you really need a special day
to have a fancy dinner with your loved
ones maybe that's our problem Jack yeah
if sometimes you do it's it's nice to
have an excuse right yeah maybe you can
do that maybe you can do that no okay
times a month you get caught up in the
hustle and bustle of life couple times a
month hey everybody get together we're
gonna have steaks or in Turkey nice shit
yeah
hey sometimes you get sometimes the life
gets the better of you no Jack not in
the UK you don't I mean cuz like it it's
an American holiday so you can't like do
business with Americans no way a
Canadian Thanksgiving like on a
different day Wow
I don't know if I'm fuckin Canada I know
it's up there it's fine I don't know
nothing I don't know nothing about it
that's what I'm saying ain't got no
loved ones or dinner tired sad I've
gotten your tip it's not necessarily an
offensive tip but for reasons of
volatility and the chat I'm not reading
it great
we're sitting on a fucking powder keg
fucking powder keg jack a powder keg you
didn't believe existed a couple weeks
ago a powder keg that I had to hold
everyone could be civil I hope it wasn't
a powder keg right that's what I'm
saying you didn't think it existed why
are we treating this like a powder keg
right we're all adults shit where did
this powder keg come from the mods were
telling you it's a powder keg I was
telling you to pot okay how could we how
did we stumble upon this powder keg game
gel you cases have you guys been
disappointed with steam cells recently
they just don't seem to be as good no
more flash or Community Choice sales
still better than console also have also
have Green Man gaming PC master-race why
root for the geo geez right you know I
don't know much about green man you know
you know what I've been checking out
lately H dot IO yeah do you know that is
no it's like a it's a very independent
friendly gaming store they just had a
sale for a hundred and fifty one games
for $20 not bad and all of it was a it
was a run equality where they at least
you somewhat now what expect me the best
game ever
I mean a bunch of really like they're
they're all incredibly indie games and
so I'm sure down well level oh I'm sure
even lower trip down necrodancer no
blower lower button at that point no but
well so it was a charity thing I need
constant you give 20 bucks and they
donated all the charity and you get a
hundred and fifty one goddamn games
right that's amazing
unless they're all terrible I mean like
okay then your money still goes to
charity 150 like warioware game
well no thanks I do I love buying stuff
in bulk it's just stuff in bulk it was
like a hundred and fifty copies of big
rigs off the road racing perfect perfect
well you know what then shit still goes
to charity and I'm okay with that
Humble Bundle was fine just have to time
their Steam games right each H dot IO s
Day is coming but it's not there yet and
you know it's not like I'm using itch
for a couple things a couple of
Kickstarter's that I back there are
distributing their alphas through itch
and so the honest truth when it comes
back to like the steam cells like I have
they been disappointing oh yeah that's
the real question I haven't paid too
much attention lately there hasn't been
anything like I don't wait and for that
to go on sale sure that hasn't come up
lately so I'm not sure maybe I'm you
know what maybe that's the problem is
you already have all the games you want
it so it's the worst it's the worst
problem I have you can you can just go
to itch i tch dot IO right now and it's
called like the games for good sale
because like I said all money goes to
charity I think I recently got good
price but that was on GOG oh hi GOG to
Isla I'm okay with GOG I like the itch I
like the steam humbles all right
everything else fights it's easier than
ever to get a game I know what like they
wasn't too recently it's like months and
months ago but like that I win the Jedi
Knight series one on sale on GOG you
know you know I had him on see it a
steam I a bottom for like a few bucks
each just on one jeered you just have a
copy right DRM free version oh okay sure
sure you're going to hate crisis yeah
you know I got up like a few bucks it's
worth a shot
we're trying it out it's a scam this
else talk I think I've heard that about
that's final what talk about it cuz I
don't know for sure great name I don't
want to besmirch them
I don't know yeah yeah I've heard that
yeah I am NOT I don't want to make
accusations that I can't back up with
jack shit that's that's why I'm that's
why I'm not saying I'm not saying that's
a besmirched then that is what I've
heard this is the thing that I have
heard it's just some of the keys were
bought with a stolen card yeah that's
terrible
yeah yeah then that's that's a scam even
Scott even if you're benefiting from the
scam it's still scam but it can't be a
scam I'm getting something
jeetu it right no I don't I know a
little enough that I'm not saying shit
fucking fuck well fuck you
thing save 85 says hey yeah oh I'm not
gonna read that mods can you put the
chip back and emote only mode thank you
what an asshole that was some clever
shit I can learn the moves baby doll
eyes the user stares at the target with
its baby doll eyes which lowers its
attack stat this move always goes first
yeah I'm crazy uses motion graphs of
Pokemon
this user does emotional damage listen
to this attack letting out a charming
cry the user does emotional damage to
the opposing Pokemon yeah your Pokemon
can hurt already enslaving animals and
forcing them to your little dog fight
and that's a saying like that in in the
dodge darker what I'm saying is in the
dog fight
you can now hurt the other dogs feelings
I hope they're having fun
sorry mods this is how is it gonna be
for a little bit I guess know what
preemptively
going to emote only mode right like
right now tired sad says speaking of Mel
Gibson oh Jesus or are you upset that he
was greeted when they come back with
cover stories and interviews on Colbert
I was not shocked I was waiting for it
yeah I think you call them I course I'd
called it
people love a comeback you know here's
the here's the question yo did he do
something unforgivable let's say I don't
think that was the quote I don't think
that's the right question okay I think
the right question is has he done enough
penance
what what what is what is the penance
for a thought crime and ultimately said
someway said was disgusting
right but what should the penalty be for
a thought crime you need to make steps
to show that you've grown okay so he he
said incredibly racist and awful yes you
did
no doubt so then he needed to go forward
and say hey you know I admit what I said
was out of line maybe I'll give some
money to some charities some Jewish
charities public apology I don't think
there has been okay and I there could be
had there could have been I do not know
it's a there's no penance it's out there
and everyone well did he do anything
hypothetically speaking did he do
anything to pet to penances well his
careers been dead for how long how many
years ago was that there's been a decade
how's that early 2000s no that was like
five years ago wasn't it I have no idea
that's a five-year sentence yeah I'm
playing devil's advocate here about sure
this is devil's advocate I think this is
an interesting question it's five years
penance like your life just is dead for
that long
isn't that an appropriate punishment for
just something you said while you were
drunk and and and driving while you were
drunk and driving that's arguably
arguably the worst crime because that
actually could have killed someone right
um
that is the worst crime because that
could have killed somebody no because
like five years penance for him isn't I
mean no that was nothing if he has not
issued a public apology I would say like
an apology sure sure if he has or not I
I don't think that just not working for
five years and sitting in his mansions
okay is is enough penance things the
longer than five years
penance for what for getting drunk and
saying dumb shit they're actors who
killed people hawa who get lye should
not from us we'll give everyone shit
like no I I think I think he public
apology at least and then he has
apologized multiple times okay well
there we go I just think it's an
interesting question what is an
appropriate punishment for what he did
well yeah then we need we need a couple
years down time okay we need apologies
which apparently he has done apologies
and then we need some sort of
reparations some sort of like here I'm
proving to you now like I will I will
give to charity or some bullshit right
give to charity or some bullshit
it's not a question of if he should be
forgiven he just shouldn't be a
celebrity he just shouldn't you know
like you want to take away his celebrity
card yep Matthew Broderick killed
somebody
drunk driving I think I brought that up
and when we're talking about listen like
a that's the worst we're tired about did
he yep
that's crazy well he hasn't worked in a
while either no I heard about this
really yeah
shit well there you go oh there you go
fuck him
I can't I can't I can't confirm that he
was drunk he might not have been drunk
driving it might have just been a
traffic accident but he was definitely
involved in an accident that killed
people well see that's a very big
difference it's a very big difference if
if you just killed someone and it was an
accident that's an accident if he was
drunk driving then he's a dickhead what
you do people want a car don't you dig
it yeah yeah absolutely did I catch you
my three years ago and stop being I only
said bad things yeah I said bad things
he was a dickhead Mel Gibson was a
dickhead from what the Rich's phrasing
of the question is that it seems like
he's looking for a definitive rule that
can be objectively applied when it
really needs to be doing and that's yeah
that's really true it's it's it sounds
like you were looking for like a black
and white objective like what you know
what's the crime and that's what will
fit that crime for everyone where it's
it's kind of different for every person
and every situation it'd be well it's
every in that for every person it's
different for every situation okay right
okay there we go
catch that fucking bird no but was
Broderick was was Broderick drunk is the
question that's a question I want to say
that he was because I don't really know
like was he drunk was he driving
recklessly was he speed it was he a
dickhead is the question or was it just
an accident and if he was shouldn't he
be shamed absolutely I don't think ever
really was like you didn't even know
about it
you can't do well you can't know about
every bad thing everybody's done Jack
said he would be a bird once what the
Jeepers Creepers director is a pedo and
still working the industry is that true
these people are dicks not drunk oh no
so he was overseas and driving on the
wrong side of the road on accident now
then then he's at fault oh it was an
accident but he's at fault he's at fault
not necessarily a dickhead
okay oh right accident not necessarily a
dick has a foreigner he's a lousy
foreigner he made a mistake that is that
is not the same as like driving
recklessly or drunk driving right is
that oh that's terrible that's terrible
oh come on I want to name you what are
we gonna name the wingull we're gonna
name it fuck movies great that's true
right right that's what I'm saying
that's why I'm calling Matthew Broderick
officially not a dickhead not dickhead
loud right not he was fined $175 for
careless driving
oh no and I'm sure that the weight of
those lives weigh heavily on him
go you can't you can't enter that word I
can't call him fuck movies F movies yeah
let's take the most brilliant physicist
and rocket scientist in the world did
the exact same thing that Mel Gibson did
they said those horrible things sure
people say those things all the time by
the way like people in the real world
say all the cell phones one week after
this because this brilliant genius says
this yeah we discover it asteroid is
headed straight towards the earth did we
just like how awkward is that oh yeah
and oh we know that only this person has
the knowledge to stop the edge I'm not
sorry at all you know what that is rich
that's like an episode of black mirror
in fact in fact this person says that
all the leaders of the world they have
to say that I was right and what I said
even the Israeli prime minister what
does the world do jack
okay if anyone out there knows the
producers of black mirror this is a
perfect fucking episode rich this is in
yep Adolf von puppy stomper who says
horrible shit all the time is the only
person that can save the earth from the
asteroid here's what we do all the world
leaders we play along absolutely right
and then like a month for it for like a
month and like everyone kind of goes
like this like oh yeah tear all those
people yeah terrible and you know we
just play along for month the asteroid
goes away we fucking get rid of home
just get rid of them like like you put
them on the rocket that goes to the
asteroid huh
what do you mean get rid of them he this
man held the world hostage
rich right like assassinate time get rid
of like what do you mean by get rid of
oh yeah yeah he he had the world the
hostage if that's what you're saying
like like no all the world leaders have
to agree with my racist bullshit
right Ludi croissant uh the original
flight of the Phoenix is exactly what
inspired that question but no is that is
fantastic black away movie oh okay okay
gotcha
twist ending second asteroid and you
know what
then credits there's another one coming
credits flight of the Phoenix I haven't
seen the remake but Dennis Quaid but the
original there goes Stewart and Ernest
Borgnine I think oh really but plane
crashes in the desert and this one
German guy is some kind of like gob he
knows about aeronautics and he has this
plan to save them okay like we can we
can take this crash plane and we can
rearrange these parts and actually build
another plane out of the crash plane
I think you've talked about this and
he's the only one that has the knowledge
on how to do this mmm and he's the
biggest jackass in the world
bleep heartless prick all right they're
absolutely dependent upon him to save
their lives
nice yeah I think you've talked about
this before it's a good movie
I think you've talked about this before
it does star Oh God dang Stewart great
I'm gonna emotionally heard this Wingull
you look ugly
oh my god it's super effective moody
cross son says hey guys enjoy your
content even if I don't always agree
great but that's what being an adult is
in honor of Thanksgiving what is your
favorite Thanksgiving Day movie I can't
think of a single things good the only
one that matters but planes trains and
automobiles so Thanksgiving and that
they're getting home for Christmas I
think they're getting home for
Thanksgiving is it Thanksgiving I
believe so
or it's or they're getting home for
Christmas but it takes place around
Thanksgiving or I've always considered
it a Thanksgiving movie okay I guess it
might not be a jab yeah some people in
chatter saying
Planes Trains little bit oh so okay
Thanksgiving yeah I believe it's things
okay hey it's what I'll take it I'm
right once boom boom oh God oh that's
Phil that's filled me with hope in my in
my heart you fill my heart when you say
I'm correct it's happened so
infrequently yeah that's the only one
that matters planes trains and
automobiles the blue blazes steam just
announced the steam Awards today I saw
that what saw that what PC game would
you nominate for the whoa dude award for
best in-game plot twist what about the
just five more minutes award for
addictiveness there were there weird
Awards and I don't know how to award it
says you have to like play the game in
order to award them Awards I don't quite
know how it works it it sounds dumb it's
a yeah it's and like if you award enough
people with stuff you get a present or
something I don't quite understand how
it works but yeah I don't know
I don't know how I feel about their
awards thing I don't know how I feel
about like them using their store
platform as a game platform game
platform there's a vault a game platform
no no they tried to make a game out of
the store oh you know done that for
years with the cards yeah yeah and I
don't think it always works I just don't
care about that kind of somebody I I
just ignore it interests me at all right
God you wanna collect the cock play the
game play the game can't like the car
yes you can play the game it's my cards
yeah ah you know I like I'm okay with
the cards in general
you only have steam friends by
collecting concerts hey just give me a
few it's gonna kind of horrible I kind
of have to basically pay for this
alright are you enjoying the game Jack
it's a little early to tell isn't some
of it seems pretty fun I want more new
pokemons I don't I don't like that I'm
running into winged goals and caterpie's
already like caterpie's Caterpie is an
original Pokemon like that's in the
first fucking game so they should have
more respect no I'm saying like give me
some new shit like quit reusing the same
goddamn Pokemon and I know that's a
general thing they usually have some
from like previous things new stuff I'm
a new shit you do not need to play a
game to nominate it I don't know how it
works
have there been many that haven't had
Pikachu just due to the popularity of
that fucking cartoon I can only imagine
that every single goddamn one oh happy
it's something yeah I can only assume
but I'm not an expert me too oh that's
right I need to peach you that's foul
man I said I was gonna go look for a
Pichu and you know what I forgot
and I'm sorry I forgot about the Pichu
wait wait no no leftover beefcake says
this one this $5 is for the general
prereq fund since once this
controversial video hits YouTube y'all
ain't getting any money from that I mean
what the fuck puts pineapple on pizza
right fucking right and who would put
pineapple on a pizza the jack
shadow Elite 5 says oh is a Pokemon born
Jack just like anything is born either
by an egg or through live birth when
it's Pokemon parents have sex
how are the pokemons related what am I
like like like if you're gonna
categorize the genus and species and all
that the same as we do and oh there's
your Santa they all on one branch no
they're just animals so what's the
difference between like a cat and a
mutant I don't think there are cats so
just all animals in the Pokemon world
our Pokemon that's very possible
why don't they just call it animals
because then you wouldn't buy the game
good that's the only answer I got
my health is the fucking cat right I
don't I don't I don't believe there are
just there are animals in this universe
everything is if you come on so they
don't have like cows they don't have
dogs they don't know they have bugs cuz
they're bug pokemon right I don't I
don't there have like beetles they don't
have bugs there all the plates all
Pokemon and I know what you might be
asking how does their world function
like like without without the little
bugs to take away their dead skin cells
how does their world function it's
because it's not a real world it's a
it's a made-up it's in it's in a game so
hypothetically if I could a normal dog
did exist in the Pokemon universe you
could shove it in a pokeball and then
you can you can throw it down and the
dog would would be forced to fight for
you and it would do it probably not I
would assume I would assume if there was
a dog uh-huh like a dog as we know a dog
yes in the Pokemon world it would be
different than a Pokemon dog because
there are Pokemon dogs like the Poochie
Anna like that's just a fucking dog okay
okay
but uh I believe it would be different
they speak of Pokemon differently yeah
they have Mill tanks they have like cow
Pokemon
the hat they have enough Pokemon like
that that's something that you need to
like be comfortable with though as a
pokemon trainer is they use Pokemon as a
neat source like we're gonna cut up
eloise Cole if we get hungry
those Pikachu's that's what we make
hamburgers out of we have to be
comfortable with that we have to be
comfortable with them sorry Jen says woo
made it after the bazillion hours of
traffic Silverlake ramen was good though
silver like ramen that's place to go so
glad you got moon Jack I got Sun Oh some
of these new Pokemon are amazing and
rich I really like a shirt well you can
think whatever fine fans for this shirt
that is a great room this was evil
venture was in the mail not too long ago
it's a nice shirt I don't like it it's a
great term great shirt glue is rapidash
hooves absolutely what glue rapidash
isn't like a horse Pokemon it's a horse
that's on fire and that's where we get
glue from we have to shot we have to
chop off the hooves of rapid ashes
someone with more talent than me please
make a Pokemon cookbook with just
Pokemon meat absolutely animals could
you shove a human in a pokeball and do
they ever do it I'm trying to think to
the cartoons I figured pokey mom are
some kind of all related some kind of
monster
Gina's some gene some genus species
thing and they all had some got a
special property related amongst them
but let you serve them in this balls I
believe they do but I also believe that
they're the only animals and bugs and
ghosts what the front that humans
evolved from in the in this world I
don't fucking know
it's a it's a game where you catch
monsters and fight the man I don't think
they're going for a hard science fiction
here you know what I'm saying they don't
got their world all mapped out imagine
the chat saying there's a fan theory
that Pokemon is an alien plot take over
where they become dependent aliens take
over
I love it where they become dependent on
the invasive species there was a Pokemon
from space in the original time-travel
Pokemon and in the cartoon we only see a
fish which is depicted in prehistoric
times oh sure I guess that makes sense
I'm so hopelessly lost I know they say
some of the pokemons are from space that
is the next
but twist is humans are the pokemons
well that's the question but you know
like there are humanoid Pokemon like
like fucking you know ma-mutt my champ
is just a human mr. mime is a human
there are human shaped pokemons shadow
elite 5 says yep this is another
question I have been meaning to ask what
kind of meat do these pokey trainers eat
don't give my mate apparently yeah it's
all I got
the pokemons they have to they're there
don't have a whole bunch of Raddatz
Hannett addison to the grinder and they
make burgers absolutely I mean there's
Tauruses that's like a bull they make
them beat each other up first shelf
tenderize nice that's the only if that's
the only logical explanation is we eat
polka meat Thorin senses do you think
it's a negative to film that there is no
longer a grindhouse slash be movie
industry as there was in the 70s and 80s
B movies Tuesday today are just
self-aware crap from the asylum or
Robert Rodriguez like something like
escape from New York oh sorry I was a
low-budget film that was a triple a
blockbuster film for a major studio was
it like where where are the escape from
New York's YouTube that the the the
weird Ashlock II low-budget shit has
turned into video shorts a mica right
like anyone who would be making weird
low-budget movies is now making weird
low-budget shorts
is my is my only guess some talented
guys were trained by frickin Roger
Corman yeah absolutely fucking Ron
Howard was trained by Robert Rogers Ron
Howard James Cameron he was a corpsman
real drops for Corbin that's great
that's great
yeah you know what you get stuff like
that like well like John wick John wick
who is basically a like a low-budget a
low-budget b-movie there you go the blue
blazes let me ask my previous question
again without plugging anything I didn't
know that this is something you actually
wanted us to answer last time what game
that you've played do you think had the
best plot twist and what game do you
find the most addictive and hard to put
down
oh about about the the steam award thing
sure well I didn't do them when you got
the bigger gun that was the plot twist
nothing I can think you know you know
what I'll soften it up my head I got
something what you got inside very fun I
did not see the twist from inside coming
so there you go that's that's my plot
twist is is inside that was that was a
memorable turn the entire ending of No
More Heroes is like a plot twist joke
yeah like in the last cutscene they
throw on like five different plot twists
that's great
frog fractions also a good nomination
yep
would you kindly Bioshock yeah that was
alright that would annoy me oh I've been
I've been controlled by someone else the
whole time that's fine I was fine in bio
how interesting as far as I can't put
down like the five more minutes award
that that one interests me um like for
me right now I would give it to
overwatch especially cuz they have their
little level up thing and so like a lot
of times like I'm just ready to put it
down but then I'm one more get like oh
if I can just play one more game even if
I lose the next game I'll have enough
points to level up and get another loot
crate yeah sure
I'll play one more game I don't I don't
know that it's such a twist because you
could see it becoming a mile away that
there was gonna be a double cross but in
thief when you get your eye ripped out
on camera that's pretty damn shocking No
yeah but about Bioshock twists it's
something I find annoying but yeah that
is clever it's clever clever they did
something neat with it
see em six through seven I am really
into overwatch I'm really having a good
time with it if you like online only
multiplayer team-based first-person
shooters overwatch should be your jam
really enjoying some Sombra playtime
very interesting character I'm not sure
I'm not sure if she'll be my go-to but
uh but she's a lot of fun to play as you
know right now just because I'm still
learning her she's basically only good
if I have a good team and I can kind of
fart around she's really good at
annoying she's a really good she's a
really good goblin you know you can kind
of see she has an invisibility thing and
she also has a teleporter and so you can
get behind enemy lines fire couple
rounds how to make the enemy turn around
and face you and then teleport away and
just completely break their lineup like
you can't do a ton of damage and you
can't get a ton of kills but you can
fuck with the other teams so hard and so
if you have a solid team on your side
you can break up there there pushes so
easily with with Sombra so action $0.69
these games need shorter tutorials also
happy soon to be Thanksgiving gobble
gobble gobble thank you anonymous I'm
sorry things didn't go your way get over
it it's not my damn fault
well fearful slugs boy is speaking of
Bioshock so you know the twist
spoiler alert even though we've already
gone through the twist for Bioshock is
someone is actually controlling you and
and you're listening to a voice over the
radio and the voice keeps on saying
stuff like like would you kindly go to
the next room and defeat this enemy
would you kindly go get this and as it
turns out he's hypnotizing him and every
time he says would you kindly
you you do whatever he asks even though
as the player you want to do that anyway
to move on in the game here's the thing
about Bioshock that bothers me and I've
said this before on stream according to
fearful sludge boy when you first get to
the underwater city you stick you find a
glowing syringe on the ground and your
character without any choice from you
takes the dirty glowing syringe and
sticks it into your arm and injects the
fluid into you with no input from the
player at all just so you can get
magical powers and I fucking hated that
when I first played it this was a game
that was supposed to be all about your
choice right and the first big choice is
do I want to stick a dirty needle in my
arm the player makes for you
no one says would you kindly stick the
needle in your arm okay ivory watched
that scene from playthroughs and that's
not a party maybe the character is a
drug addict then rusty was jonesing and
it was getting desperate yes
so never you are never told to put that
needle in your arm which is why Pavo
bothers me I want if I would have loved
the choice of whether or not to have
magic powers in BioShock a game all
about choices is it possible he was
familiar with those syringes in that
universe no no the magic was exclusive
to the city under the scene yes it was
developed though the city under the sea
that he did not know existed right Jack
I do all the pills Packard would never
use a random sewage absolutely only only
pills only pills
he might have known from background
context in word no no the he didn't he
didn't know the city existed so no he
would not know he was made in rapture
yeah but he left and he left as young in
his memory and whatnot blah blah talking
about BioShock Infinite yeah I've talked
about that before a little bit Bioshock
Infinite's got some great fun concepts I
like the way it plays around with
alternate dimensions but much like
another game I talk about all the time
at the end it tries to be art oh right
BioShock Infinite look at all we are if
we can prove games are odds look at how
what do we are here's the odds right
that's your a game I thought you were
game yes at the end Bioshock Tim from
Bioshock Infinite's like masturbates for
like the last half an hour to 20 minutes
just the game just started jerking off
all over your face saying look at the
arts oh god oh my god I am so arced
I am so art and and yes I forgot your
name of who said that that's why I
really enjoyed that choice in Dishonored
2 they give you the choice whether you
want to use magic or not and and I did
use magic but I fucking loved having the
choice it's all that really matters
Oh oh yeah it's really up Oh evil Lord
David says hey guys David here again
it's a fact that people eat pokemons
slope hope there's a bit of Swisher
don't poke tails are a commonplace thing
in the games and ash a Magikarp in the
show
I won't eat aids though thanks rich
names Pokemon a it's because they asked
for one's name oh ok as it aids I get it
no wait you're missing an eye got down
what I said four eyes you've got three
in there I can't I can't work with this
what kind of quality control wine siren
said says the third act and quake counts
for a pretty good twist where the hero
is mutilated and transformed into a semi
brainwashed robot killer although he
remains the hero of the game be fair I
don't think he's semi brainwashed I
think they save him from being
brainwashed at all but you they do turn
you into one of the robot monsters that
you fight Oh fun
can I go this right now no but but
you're rescued before they can activate
your brain ship
Oh brain chip
yes I know how fuckin Pokemon Center
works you say twist I think it's mostly
just a cool moment when you're on the
conveyor belt getting caught up that Wow
I kind of amazed at how many like after
the fact yours after the fact now how
many comments I say infinite I was the
worst of the the minute kind of sucked
yeah
at the time everyone was sucking that
game's cock oh yeah yeah I don't you
know what I don't remember much about it
like I never played it so it's like but
I like a lot of what they doing it
mm-hmm it made me hate though searching
through drawers as a mechanic it got
really tedious just opening up all the
things now you get a little bit more
cash more cash like I open this open
that I have really tired of that shit
can I be here talking face Tomic
mousetrap the chances I loved infinite
until the ending I'm just curious
because I know I'm usually alone on this
hating art thing seems that don't need
to be aren't suddenly deciding their
their art yeah and there's like wild
total change let's so in Bioshock
there's always been like a little bit of
an arty vibe going through those for the
first process and massive and it was
fucking like neck breaking why why did
you hate it the ending but what about it
you hate I'm just curious if it lines up
with my opinion of what infinity when it
just becomes totally full of itself how
clever it is look at how clever we are
we're gonna walk and slowly talk about
how clever we are damn it god damn
welcome to trainer school I don't care
about fucking trainer school I got a
free with my graphics card and shotgun
did the last 30 minutes felt like they
were taking these subtle themes and just
beating you in the face with them yes
that's exactly what they did
I'm interested in that new David cage
game that the robot detective one yeah I
know he made that he apparently made
some gigantic masturbation pieces but
the robot detective one looks mean
it's gonna end up being really linear
I'm sure and bad because of that I'm
sure if if all I've heard about him is
correct but I'm so excited about it
gosh damn it still talking to some other
fuckers can I just go catch the Pokemon
I'm gonna leave this school and go catch
pokemon by I'm gonna go off on my
amazing adventure I'm running away from
school to go on my Pokemon of oh there's
a Pokemon stopping me game child you
cases good favorite pie - pumpkin can't
wait to have some tomorrow what are your
favorite types of food mine are Chinese
Japanese Korean Thai Italian and tex-mex
rich you put ketchup on hot dogs
question mark go white socks
I like tex-mex I don't put ketchup on
hot dogs I think we here's the story
with me and we put like ketchup on the
hotdogs at Space Camp
because I don't I can't fucking stand
mustard mustard will make me vomit and
in space comp we didn't want me to be
eating just a plain looking bear hotdog
so we just put some ketchup on it I just
put cheese hotdogs cheese or onions
cheese cheese a hot dog these dogs
cheese dogs are great really yeah beef
beef hot dogs and cheese hey that's my
hot dog
but the ketchup on the condiments and
the ketchup on the hot dogs in space
cough is because I hate mustard and it
just wouldn't look good it's a plain hot
dog that we just yeah that would look
weird yeah I would look weird
Kevin come on some pie that big pie
person me neither me neither you know if
if there's like if there's a I I know
cheesecake is more pie than cake like I
like cheesecake uh and you know like a
decent like apple crumble pie like a
cinnamony apple pie I could I could be
down with them I'm gonna be down with
like a nice apple pie if I gotta choose
a pie it'll be Apple or technically
cheesecake I believe cheesecake is
technically a pie rich do you inhibit
our actions 69 of the chat saying
Richard you inherently hate artsy games
or do you hate games that make net
neck-breaking tone changes like Mass
Effect 3 the order and Gears of War to
an extent yeah I hate games that are
just desperate to prove that games can
be art so it's shoehorned in there like
I would take something like the Stanley
parable I would say that is that is
genuinely a game that's that's got some
artsy shit going on that I enjoy
absolutely absolutely with you
III like BioShock Infinite until it gets
heavy-handed because this really tries
really hard to be art but stops trying
to be gay yes I'd call thief a work of
art I smash what
Geena Davis grew to level three I've
heard I've heard good things about spec
ops the line I've not I've not played
spec ops alone I have it have not played
it gobble Gert says rich someone asked
about Christmas music Christmas music
yes when you are a kid did you also
listen to the pac-man Christmas album
like I did well out here is a youtube
link I have never heard of a pac-man
Christmas album what I remember there
was a pac-man cartoon Christmas special
was there yes that sounds awesome
should we do it should we do stop stop
should we do audio of this and we talked
over it it should be alright here's the
pac-man Christmas album bake bake bake
bake the kids relate to anything
I guess baby pac-man they made a game
like that
as their music in this theirs is just a
baby laughing she's a baby laughing an
album on a Pichu yeah we're done we're
done we're done
there's not even music Wow weird
that's great that's great how do you
feel about Christmas music in general
that's fine it's bad when it goes on for
three months yeah okay Christmas yeah
like you know once December starts I'm
okay with Christmas music well
straitjackets did a very fun Christmas
album yeah yeah that's the straitjackets
that's currently instrumental what was
that sir no that's sir I guess it's kind
of surf rock yeah well yeah I am but the
man to put their foot down surfer
surfing sir sir sir sir what am I gonna
name my feet you yeah think of that now
put down the wrong that made my feet you
cuz I'm definitely gonna catch it boom
got it it's trash I'm gonna name it it's
trash I can just press Y to throw a ball
I can that would make throwing balls way
more efficient used to love it owned a
retail store was heavy holiday sales
headed on 14 hours a day seven days a
week now it's tough Christmas music
that's nothing that's nothing with
nothing I used to work at the grocery
store yeah I was working in the meat
department most frequently behind the
counter or they seldom eat mmm
and fish Fridays for like an entire
summer on a loop my entire workday which
you know time was something like six
days a week under the sea
ah God over and over and over and over
again unrep only on that one song only
under the sea ruin that fucking song for
me I'm so sorry
that's terrible
we're party songs over and like part of
your brain thinks I'm sober and then it
just starts up right again you must hate
a Little Mermaid I still like a Little
Mermaid I don't think I can handle that
song though just skip that it's not in
the Little Mermaid's a good movie
Finding Nemo under the season oh you
know what not a Little Mermaid Wow
no you know what I was thinking uh you
know what I heard my guest wasn't in
Beauty and the Beast
first it's be our guest second new a new
world wasn't that the Great Mouse
Detective hi here's Jack his last is
mine
I was thinking of beyond the sea beyond
the sea and I like that's what I heard
that they were playing over and over Wow
sorry everyone sorry that's a brain fart
extraordinaire Wow somewhere busy Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says my lover
stands on broken Sam no that's not the
right words yeah it's all good the
creepy clown craze is actually a
complete fabrication only one non van
wagon creepy clown was ever seen this
year and he was a viral marketing stunt
it's like Satanist in the 80s all made
up I know it's so fun new story it's a
it's a great urban legend creepy clowns
mysteriously appearing it's some fun
shit yeah enjoy it it's fun I like
anybody's really legit worried about
creepy clones
No and if they are they're idiots
got this little map now I like that I
like this little map tells me where I'm
gone who a Pokeball I'll take Jasmine
the treasure
what's an antidote your short hours in
hell is playing X K now if I now if I
what Pokemon gets poisoned I can give
him an antidote he will stop being
poisoned this is my life he still be
great it so be great because I can give
cure a mother poison now I gotta go find
hey guys
kill me everyone guess what please kill
me we did it cuz I got I got me a Pichu
I named him stank chops cuz that's what
a chat says I should name him we'll put
stank chops in the front stink chops
I love stank jobs my brain is melted a
little bit I don't know how much longer
we're gonna make it'll make it today I'm
done this okay I'll just heal up stink
chops and then we'll thank our
subscribers and say all the names of the
people who subscribe to us because
that's what we're thankful for
oh did you buy X come too I would say
yes though did you play and like the
others there's a question you should ask
that is a real question you could
probably get X come with the one the
enemy unknown for pretty cheap there and
then figure out whether you like this
style of combat and then if you like it
you should go to X come to you know why
you can use a sword and I know rich like
swords save the game
you can get subscribers because that
would be gray I would like to save my
adventures so far I'm not gonna turn off
the power I think that's like I'm also
suffering right over the button that
wouldn't just end it end it if we just I
could just end it all right now
end it all right now I can end it oh boy
dare if it be so easy you could it's
like you can see my brain would just
send like an electrical impulse down to
my finger on the mouse and it would with
you could have dear freedom but you
could have dear hey is it is it little
endian oh oh we should probably you know
care subscribe I know we should that
would be so fun just ended now have a
beat that would be great right there
jack I'm right there don't save in a
Pokemon Center there's a risk of a
glitch fuck hold on I gotta get out of
here
okay I'll save my adventure Steve baby
okay I got out you guys I got out and
we're saved hey let me get out the game
I'm gonna get to like a title menu when
I get to a title menu title menu oh I
can pet my Pokemon again that'll be good
but that's what pet him while we think
