Merry Kick-mas! - Karate Cop, The Christmas Light, Night of the Kickfighters
December 28, 2017
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-merry-kick-mas/

Merry Christmas rich
well it's become tradition on our
Christmas episodes of best of the worst
that we have some sort of gimmick and
this year is no exception
okay J so now that my crisis is over
what's what's going on well it's
becoming tradition that we have two
types of movies under the tree
we have terrible Christmas tapes and
then something else and then you just
open a package and see what you get
we've done Christmas or Canon movies we
did last year was the famous Christmas
or krokodil rousing success so this year
rich were celebrating merry kick myths
where it's either Christmas movies or
movies that have someone kicking on the
cover okay I was looking through our
extensive library of tapes and we have
many many movies where people are doing
high kicks on the cover so that's what
we got mmm see this is interesting
Chris Miller Canon fairly obvious what
you go with Canon but like like just
someone kicking on the cover this could
be anything from a comfo movie to a
video starring the Rockettes so I have
absolutely no idea what we're going to
get all right choice should I start I
shall just go ahead and open a present
and see what we get
all right I I am going with this because
you know this is just an odd shaped box
for a video and I want to see what's in
there with some karate karate cough look
at that kick
martial law at its most lethal Ron
marchini and David Carradine oh no I
don't know if you know this but he
started kung-fu the series oh oh yeah
yeah
how embarrassing I know I can't think of
anything more embarrassing than that
yeah yeah haha in the future there is no
law or order only John Travis
names Travis John Travis across a
desolate land littered with ghost towns
and haunted by desperate criminals so
this is this is a karate cop movie
that's also post apocalyptic
post-apocalyptic kicking film I now love
this movie
I'd say that yet we all you've just
doomed us
Travis and Rachel a beautiful scientist
he saves from marauding scavengers
search for a hidden crystal a stone
which will enable them to activate a
dormant transporting device is they just
trying to get off the fucking planet is
that in their frantic quest
they must defeat a gladiator killing
machine in the martial martial-arts
blood match a fight to the death I love
it well this is either going to be an
amazing piece of schlock or 90 minutes
of people wandering around a desert and
then five minutes of punching and
kicking Jay this is Christmas I have to
have hope okay oh we got a mutant oh my
god it's Slade Craven
I told you we get you Oh maybe don't do
clothes of that makeup oh my god he only
comes out at night this is character use
your goggles
what all the bullets hit the metal
tailpipe wouldn't that put holes in the
metal tailpipe no no knows that it's for
any chase it's a it's a super medal
that's how it lasted in the cloakroom
for SWAT guys all their bullets came
together and hit each other
Rachel its Lincoln is goons who's
Lincoln
he's got Tess it just happened the right
now they're also bad boy oh boy that
movie sure was a hoot it's a shame about
all those auto-erotic asphyxiation jokes
though I really think we did them in
excess if you got that joke please
comment on this video I didn't realize
there was a joke listen it's time to
open the next Christmas gift to discover
which film on this episode of Christmas
or or thickness it is well this one's
calling to me it's right in the middle
when they get this one and it says
Christmas on it so I know it will not
kick miss fun it's the Christmas light
no homeboy it says if you like toys
story you'll love the Christmas light
it's gotta be short right this there's
got to be a 20 minute long piece of shit
it claims to be the first computer
animated Christmas story it's 1995 mmm
we're at 22 minutes rich there is more
text than the Declaration of
Independence on the back that was fun
there is a there is an actual quote
which I thought was going to be a quote
about the movie and it says Toy Story is
in no way associated with the Christmas
light the Snowman unleashes his most
powerful weapon
a hand that love a lot of work fuck Wow
I was thinking the same thing oh yeah
whoa like I'm really there 22 minutes
later of Christmas magic here we are and
Mike I must say marry kick miss and a
happy knife year what Happy New Year Oh
for a second it sounded like you said
let's open this last present sure sure
sure
how about this one yeah yeah go ahead go
ahead open a yak put off oh sorry I just
caught him it just flashed in my mind
for a second he's a hot in here sweating
do people usually use knives to open
Christmas gifts it's a little weird it's
a little weird okay
officer I mean Jack moonstruck I can't
see oh my Mary kick miss indeed it's the
night of the kick fighters
it looks like that actors face has been
photoshopped onto a man with a better
build is that me or kick fighting kick
fighting like you've never seen it
before night of the kid this is oh my
god this looks amazing
let's see here a lightning-fast kick
could save the world from high tech
slavery when a top-level team of
sophisticated intelligence operatives
fronted by kickboxing master Bret Grady
takes on a group of ruthless terrorists
their mission gain control of the HC mm
you knee can doubt weapon capable of
total global destruction you know I
think they could take any name and after
it give it the credit of world famous
kickboxing champion and no one on earth
except for lenka Basinski would know
this they made that up yeah like like my
buddy Andy Andy Tunis world kickboxing
champ over 97 yeah yeah who knows yeah
my eight my aunt's a gurdy gurdy mil
dirty mil dirty mail okay 30 mil is a
female kickboxing champ she's just a
state-level kickboxing champion in North
Dakota
okay so nada wanna you know edition yeah
oh just hard-hitting action explodes in
night of the kick fighters does it also
say this film is not affiliated with Toy
Story in this way this film is not
affiliated with toy store in any way
it's amazing gentlemen may I present
Mariko from Tokyo Japan one of the
world's leading laser experts all right
hi I'm a laser ologist
that they're shooting in a sound room
there's other recording booth is
yeah it looks science the entire with
whoa we're so gonna sonic weapon it
might make sense yeah so who's gonna get
kicked a fighter there's a me that was
Annie that doesn't count as a kid get up
get up you oh my god understand oh my
god oh this guy's good that man
teleported firecrackers is fun to that
computer he emailed in fireworks you
sounded like suburban sasquatch
well anyway happy holidays everybody
very kick my Mary kick myths take a
guess
I guess this is my fault yeah and so I'm
gonna take responsibility by not talking
about any of these movies was this the
worst Christmas ever
yes you didn't even have to think about
it cardi Cobb Jack yeah explain karate
cop starring Ron macaroni a karate cop
seems like it would be the greatest
premise for a lock action movie ever in
the future there's one cop left and that
cop has to fight a gang of mutants of a
gang of Mad Max rejects yep
in order to save a hot little babe
and her teleporter say something else
he had to use the teleporter to go
somewhere else to get her a properly
fitting shirt so when she was running
she wasn't awkwardly falling out of it
hey there's no bras in the future just
flap and here's the it's this woman she
lives with 30 young men young boys they
all boys the young there was like one
girl and she got her neck snapped
and I'm sure and I'm sure no bra girl
was just like oh thank god well that's a
lot of leads to feed you found the in
universe explanation
can I help you guys Ron man Cheney
unmanned cheney mera cheney man Ron
marching marching marching marching yep
look however you said he sounds like a
pasta who's your friends these are the
freebies they were they called them
freebies I assumed all the freebies were
were her children but I could be a
serious young young young boys that
she's rounded up over time come on Cal
what's bothering you okay so anyway why
all these young boys would hang out with
this girl is unknown to all of us but
well we have to say this first
Ron marchini he wrote the film any stars
in the film it's a the kind of premise
that should be a fun post-apocalyptic
action movie but it's executed by
somebody's dad
simple she said I think this is your
phone you through walk through it poorly
they might be good at martial arts he's
not well it's not displayed in this film
the movies called karate cop and there's
no karate like why would you even call
it Friday cop takes place in a
post-apocalyptic wasteland you call the
wasteland cop sounds butter car D cop
has a nice ring to it
it's so much so that there's another
movie called karate cop that is true it
it does feel a little bit like those
like those YouTube videos that are made
up from algorithms where they're just
called like frozen Elsa pregnant
spider-man oh yeah the ones that
YouTube's trying to crack down on
exactly so like this feels like it was
created just from an algorithm of
awesome stuff and it's like cops are
cool karate is awesome karate cop yeah
post apocalypse Indiana Jones rest just
one huge bouncing breast why are you
saying it's singular bris I'm saying you
said rust did everybody do sausage like
that I am trying and the reasons I'm
what are you trying to say for us just
it illegitimate Lee sounded like you're
the same breasts to be fair to Rick
whatever in that one in that one shot it
did look like only one was bouncing well
it looked like one was trying to escape
early on so there's that the premise of
the film real quick let's just let's
just nail this down because we got to
move on and grotty calm that's all it's
like it's like it's like power level on
a Nintendo game
I got a hurry I got a hurry there's
gonna be nothing like the memory level
my memory cube if this was like an old
Nintendo game karate cop that they
established that there are magic
crystals that power old teleporter
machines that the US government used
what's up here
it's a teleporter it will instantly send
you any place on the globe where there's
another unit to receive you does this
really work we sent a rat through and
they the lady has a working machine but
no crystal and the crystal is held into
in a vise a literal hardware store vise
it's the cheapest stupidest prob
Socratic cop steals a crystal from a
cult that worships time-trial are they
worship the other teleporting they
worship teleporting machines anyway with
this is when we get our Indiana Jones
sequence we could clearly see that it's
open oh no he's oh he's doing in the
Indiana Jones thing for like no reason
yeah it's not a weight issue that must
be is that been established no it has to
have wait no it is the theme of this
movie is just like but worse
yes yeah oh yeah we have that there's
the arena fights we get from the bad
guys
it's just like escape from New York but
worse I think I'm the script yes
visualize what they're going for one
confirmed kick yeah this was he was like
the Emperor and there's gonna be
thousands of people cheering us this
gladiator oh we have zero extras but
they nobody showed up but the bad guy
goes to the chain-link fence that they
can't get through and he gives a speech
asking them to give up just like Mad Max
but worse yeah just look away he has a
sexy lady friend who dances with a snake
just like a James Bond villain but
significantly worse I was gonna say it's
just like night of the kick fighters but
worse the basic idea is the this is
obviously someone who loves action
movies love's like you know B movies and
wanted to borrow imagery from those
movies but did not know how to properly
utilize them and he's a terrible action
star he's somebody's dad he put a no V
yeah once you guys just go home before
somebody gets hurt
you know if you want a play you're gonna
have to pick he's he's a he's the worst
actor Ron martini which is exemplified
the most in the one scene with David
Carradine hmm who we all remember from
from dying while masturbating he did
some other things in life but mainly we
remember him for choking himself to
death while jerking off
that's all he'll be known before he did
some filming forever and all wait wait
David Carradine died via auto-erotic
asphyxiation
oh that's horribly embarrassing I know I
know like if that happened like that'd
be the only thing people would remember
about you now you'll never live it down
he's done they won't live it down
because he died via auto-erotic
asphyxiation
I thought his sinus fucking tombstone he
died jerking off no just this tombstone
just says he died just don't see one
remember and then some sort of well is
there like an emoji for embarrassment is
that on his tombstone five feet from the
compound that had a transporter machine
in it is a redneck bar and grill yeah
and even though he's just had a run-in
with this cult I'm just gonna already
cross the street and just casually walk
into this restaurant
pocalypse is just Arkansas why just this
morning my son Tom I'm sufferer
Jackie rabbit hardly any boils on them
at all and still economy so the special
of the day
dance Jackrabbits do you haven't seen a
motorcycle around here have you oh it's
acting it hurts me yeah something I used
to be a cop
Oh God every line not to this inning my
business but why would a cop you're
right it's none of your business it's
even more weird like noticeable what
he's acting out was the David Carradine
well I got other scene would that that
shitty actress it's all the same yeah
yeah I see this as as a vanity project
mainly because what's-his-face was in it
David Carradine Ron martini has been in
a lot of movies I've heard his name many
times before 12 movies Len has talked
about him as well that's cuz that's Len
he likes he likes the the the kung-fu
artists it's the martial artist so Len
is heard of them him and David Carradine
were probably in some films together
he's - David you want to be on my film I
don't think I don't think Ron marchini
cares about the plot I think it's just
like almost like a demo reel but if it's
if it's a demo reel or if it's if it's
an excuse to just get two action scenes
all the action scenes are terrible
and there's no karate there's some
awkward punching there's 20 kicks we
counted
there's 20 kicks we counted this is a
movie where the plot doesn't matter the
acting is terrible and the action is
awful so he failed at his own demo reel
yes basically the important thing is the
moving story about a cop who has to take
a motorcycle to grab a crystal martini
alright Pierre on did he die you know
what I don't hope for the piece part
just just die this rest yeah go to hell
oh go to hell you made karate cop did
you know David Carradine died of
auto-erotic asphyxiation like Affeldt
yeah he strangled himself while
masturbating so did the so did Ron
Mariachi only poorly adios you ugly son
of a bitch
so our next gifts from Sansa the
Christmas light are only Christmas film
for the evening Mike please explain the
plot of the 20-minute film the Christmas
light the Christmas light is a
bottom-of-the-barrel
CGI early CGI animated scam tape yes
around produced around or slightly after
the time of Toy Story but it's not
affiliated with Toy Story in any way it
says it says if you like Toy Story
you'll love this or something like that
in the cover and then Toy Story is in no
way associated this is like you might
you might find that surprising
considering you know the quality of the
animation exactly the same as toy store
you might confuse who made the Toy Story
with who made this so it's it's like the
quality level of animation you see in
like like lawyer ads local local law
firm o Wessel it's the carpet cleaner
guy today or or the general car
insurance comes the car insurance
imitation is not a sincere form of
flattery oh you have to talk about the
stock animation because it starts I
guess it's supposed to be Santa's
workshop deep in the barren lands of the
art team there sits a compound with the
Washington Monument these are things
that they already have like pre-existing
generations
the searchlights yeah well what the
shocking thing because this was kind of
like oh this'll be funny because it's
bad animation it turns out that it was
funny because it was batshit crazy the
plot is insane now we don't have to
waste our time building toys from
Isaac's foolish designs I can make as
many toys as you can imagine an elf gets
mad when Santa rejects his exploding toy
machine wait did he just die on default
and explode what what and then he falls
on the ground explodes and is reborn as
an ice sculpture that dissolves and
turns into an evil snowman okay
when he dies he becomes an entity we're
talking about a Christmas cartoon for
children yes yes really yes he becomes
an entity of of crystals of light if you
have lights yeah some sort of material
and he chooses the form of a snowman
probably to mock Santa so then Santa
goes to hunt him down in a rocket sleigh
ship and he has a moral dilemma of
whether or not to murder him it's it's
bad I'm not gonna say it's clever I
think they're trying to do like a clever
a fun movie and they even think they're
trying they even have er ties songs and
the songs are god-awful
when you feel the free it's in your
heart it will guide you Christmas the
one thing you can forgive is the the
level of animation because it's shitty
but it's it's time era you know it's
around when it was made and it's like
ECG but it's it's just fucking awful
it's poorly written it's narrated by Dan
Haggerty who may or may not have gotten
drunk her as he recorded his commentary
we're talking about Dan Haggerty I think
this is pretty much a slam-dunk sure
thing he was drunk when he showed up
Sanna tells Jennifer the whole story
Albertus accident turned him into the
Snowman no he showed up and he had you
know he recorded his first few lines and
then he had a little eggnog and then he
had a little more eggnog and then he
continued with a little wee nip of
something of all I mean and he recorded
his lines in July he just really liked
that Santa clicks his heels and in a
flash there and sled to have to involve
a kid she is she's she's the purity of
Christmas she's the one remember she
tries to make a secret deal with evil
evil snowman in the in the vagina which
is the one that pointed out that it
looks like a vagina I'm just I'm just
saying she goes inside the vagina lips
into the vaginal canal meets up with
evil snowman
and says you got it you gotta stop your
madness never get the best song and then
the best song in the movie bullshit
children of all ages will marvel at
dazzling computer animations special
effects and three wonderful new
Christmas songs and we did not get three
new songs we got two new songs and a
third song that was parts of the two
other songs a medley is not a new song
no no it's not yeah so I call be doodles
that mentally though it does have a nice
flow to it
who's the company well while J looks
that up I'm Minister I'm just gonna
recap the end of the film in case people
are wondering spoilers I had and if any
of you had your own fan theories about
the snowman's origins yeah it's it's in
the film he some he explodes in a
firework in his own factory and suddenly
becomes an evil snowman but um she says
I'm gonna sing the Christmas song and
then he melts and then Santa comes and
goes war you killed him you did your
best and in the end so did Burton but it
was not to be no it can't be I won't
give up the evil of the snowman is gone
and I mean I realized the true magic of
Christmas I'm sorry for making trains
that explode and for being such a
dickhead and the moral of the story is
it's a film about family really in the
end it's a film about family it's it's a
it's a lot of subverting your
expectations
it doesn't subvert your expectations you
engaged that way like like when Santa's
sleigh had a little robot that tried to
murder the Snowman I didn't expect that
I'd just be a slave you know normal
sleigh with reindeer the right rocket
ship the robot and and then when our
female protagonists joins forces with
our main villain to seemingly go
somewhere new but then everyone is just
continues to be a bad guy it's it gets a
little muddled but I think that the
overall message of hope is there well
the point is that's subversive your
expectations in and of itself verdict
the point is that subverting your
expectations in and of itself so he does
that he gets to take it again and when I
do it's fuck you I corrected Jack - I
just don't correct you because then we
use it in this video we make a Star Wars
joke but it's over now
Richie it's cut me off yeah so I'm the
bad guy
you subverted expectations by cutting me
off and as we all know subverting
expectations and you know it sell
is an accomplishment regardless of how
it is satisfying it is narrative Lee you
know I like plot twists that that make
the story less interesting but the best
the best part about you know the
Christmas light is you know it's the
story about a snowman you see I
subverted your expectations Verdun the
subversion you thought was going to
happen in the first place happens
nothing was accomplished but I'm
satisfied because he's inverted my
expectations
Star Wars all the teams trying to kill
itself
our final film tonight a night of the
kick fighters possibly one of the best
titles we had to google it because we
were I was like it's kick fighting the
phone it was called night of the kick
fighters I was called kick photo let's
go line of the kick fighters and there
are multiple trailers before the movie
that also had the word kick fighter in
it the kick fighter so we were like is
this a thing and we googled it and it's
not a thing it's just a very limitation
of creativity yeah I think it's just a
IP they decided that kick fighters it
was gonna be what they're there we're
gonna capitalize on this they cornered
the market on kick fighting yeah they'd
heard kickboxing the term once but they
they tried to remember what it was they
just got it wrong another thing I know
the TV in the Singapore is that kick
fighting yeah so right we need six films
with that title sir rich what is night
of the kick fighters about well you know
contrary to what you'd think based on
the title it is not a movie about a
large group of kick fighters who just
invade a small town and just start
kicking everybody and the locals have to
survive the night and avoid the deadly
feet that's kind of what I was hoping
for in my heart of hearts I was hoping
for more badly photoshopped faces unto
muscular bodies we don't get any of that
the story of night of the kick fighters
is Adam West God rest his soul
r.i.p he makes super laser that doesn't
shoot people by utilizing the new SDI
laser technology the striking power of
this weapon will out blast anything
we've ever built
yeah and the bad guys want it so they
kidnap his daughter so then Adam West
hires an old dopey looking guy who's
gonna who's gonna get together a team a
team of specialists with with very you
know well-defined skills and then they
just run around a warehouse in black for
an hour and then I don't know a car
drives off a cliff
you need it you need it established
before the fact we need somebody who can
get through this lock I know I mean I
know a magician who's a world's best
lockpick there's nothing specific that
he does at one point he does like a poof
like a flame in front of a guy to
distract him and then he pulls out an
inflatable dinosaur which has nothing to
do with magic glass as you mentioned
that our main action hero every new
scene that he shows up in I thought he
was just a random guy every single time
you see are we on a fighter again oh
yeah that's him I keep forgetting that
supposed to be your action hero maybe
that's not yeah you got hired that was
soon later looks like a little Vladimir
Putin is the most unmemorable face yeah
it were so it's it's a similar situation
to karate cop which is dad wants to make
a movie as a vanity projects we have our
own martini here we have what's his name
Andy Andy woman Andy Bauman's your uncle
no he's we we don't we don't talk about
on Qalandia home we don't talk about him
anymore you may think he had a such a
successful business and then he put all
his money into that cake fighter movie
and now he lives in the backyard in a
trailer so the movie opens with a super
sexy spy scene
advice from our friend I mean this in a
mall yes sir the Cinnabon closes in 20
minutes
where where the woman played by the
killer from killer workout are you sure
that's her because hey I can't tell
because this woman clearly has several
accents she's French
she's German Israeli just kind of pull
the lever on me but it's not a thing
where it's like oh she can do all these
different personalities and accents it's
just inconsistent
yes very Incans wildly inconsistent
wildly infants innocence and consist in
the Simpsons what my ugly why only the
Simpsons do you want to take that again
no don't worry
Jay we'll cut all this out yeah
absolutely and you can the consensus the
important part is that lurch comes in
lurch / Star Trek character mr. hollom
mr. hum Menten will walks on a troice
manservant oh really from the Star Trek
also known as the giant slash firemen
from Twin Peaks you know that actor that
guy that he goes back he goes way back
in fact he was in he played a munchkin
in The Wizard of Oz he's had to do
really really innovative special effects
at the time like forced perspective like
he was actually he wanted to be part of
the Lollipop Guild and so they'd like to
stand way back there they invented like
this crazy new like super lens to like
like fit him in his shot is half the
production budget he was a diversity
hire for a little people oh yeah oh yes
that's why the beginning films weren't
filmed in color they had to save money
mr. Fleming we have 58 midgets we did we
need one extremely tall man to balance
everything out according to the law or
not we can only find 50 midgets we need
51 the only other actor we have is this
eight-foot tall man get the other leg
thank you I was to focus sure that lens
has never been tested before the audio
later I'll have him talk really slow and
then we'll speed it up
but he has the subtlest ragtag team to
rescue a woman that's been kidnapped
Ocean's eleven style and we we thought
since negative eleven we painstakingly
go through one after the other yes sir I
laughing my best joke but he has to have
a magician a giant black man who I don't
know what his skill is supposed to be
getting into bar fight getting into bar
fights it's up the way more interesting
karate guy oh that's yeah I thought that
was the scene was like oh this karate
guy he's gonna recruit him nope never
seen again yeah they go to that strip
club oh we need to point this out
there's a fake sign in front of the
strip club for the name of the strip
club and earlier in the film there is a
fake building supposed to be a miniature
no no no it's not supposed to be a
miniature they just didn't have a
building that's prior they had to put a
sign on it so the only we can do that
with a minute JB I'll blow up started
the great debate the great debate why
actually bet money on which is with two
options one they're gonna blow up the
miniature or two they needed the sign to
say the name of the company on it but
they they either didn't think of putting
like a sign on the ground
yeah or like on you know some kind of
concrete sign on the ground or they
didn't know how to put a real sign up on
a big building why else would you waste
all the old effort and manpower money to
build a miniature if you're just gonna
blow it up otherwise just show any old
fucking building right and our theory
was oh no they're not gonna blow it up
they just built a miniature because they
didn't know what I'll do and then I
underestimated the power of their
incompetence exactly well that's
that's because you see the strip club
and they built a sign for that so it's
that's in your favor like okay they can
build a something know about a sign they
know how signs work and then later it
gets even muddier because there's a
second miniature that blows up
the bar in this though is one of my
favorite movie b-movie sets of all wait
is this a like supposed to be a joke
they could shoot it and they're doing
their best to make it look like a strip
club is happening quite clearly what
they are going for is the seedy strip
club where the bar fights break out
nobody bats an eye but they're in like
like this really nice bar it's not a
strip club it's a varmint it's got nice
fixtures and glass panels and it's it's
well lit there's a woman dancing in
front of a bed sheet that they hung from
the ceiling on what is she standing on
like a cardboard box there's no bigger
than this table it's pathetic supremely
pathetic who are these people
we have we have the hacker woman who
doesn't do anything and then dies via
the teleporter device what Noah that's
incredi cop but it looks like a
teleporter device in neither case it's
the same fucking thing
so she dies
even though she was dead at first like
to have her blow up or something so she
puts her in there and it's like this
green like energy comes over and she's
there like oh she died then they carry
her out awkwardly and then they're like
okay you're next boring guy accent lady
she's even wearing a Starfleet surgeon's
outfit that's right
rich rich recognized her blue costume as
being very similar to the surgical
outfit worn by Beverly Crusher and and
her medical friend during in the episode
when they repair wharfs spinal cord but
I think they were read don't they also
wear that in the card heart transplant
yeah definitely so we're at the final
action scene in the movie yes when the
movie finally gets interesting it's a
tap-in of a boggling it is one of us did
you get a I had so many bad ones even
the mini boggling to remember then the
big ones were better cuz they're the
okay that's device and you can move the
eyes with the plastic thing
bogans are great well speaking of we're
talking about the miniature building
there's also a wonderful prop that it's
in one shot of the movie and we even
were so impressed that we made a point
of writing it down to make sure we
remember fan with some model parts glued
to it that's the radar yes
not even model parts this victory yeah
the models but that was my favorite part
of the of the prop of the little
miniature that they built was they
couldn't even take the miniature doodads
off of it and glue them on to it they
just kept the tree on and the whole
thing will just spray-paint it gold or
silver or whatever it's weird though
because it was like well I got like an
oscillating fan right yeah like one that
so was this oscillating fan this big or
was it a really big model thing or was
it a composite did you get those
oscillating fans that are like this big
yes but no one has a model kit that's
this big it wasn't that much bigger than
the fan it was like I think might have
been glued somewhere up on the back so
what I'm talking about this is what
we're talking about this is this is our
conversation welcome to the show my geez
can't we just enjoy the magic of the
film and the message which is that it's
a film about family but it also some
richer expectations because I did not
expect a radar dish to look like an
oscillating fan and that's the kind of
thing that keeps you constantly engaged
I did not expect a basement to be filled
with water for no reason somebody turned
on the crank that opened just a lot of
water to this hallway waterproof hallway
and yet like the payoff
it was a watertight building there was
like the end of Titanic with the ship
sinking and the waters coming up
except for that was a ship in the ocean
and this is just a building
where the water has plenty of places to
go yeah buildings usually don't fill up
with water
it rarely gaps under them yeah yeah and
then there's the outside and the whole
like we're on planet earth in like
buildings are not the same as as ships
on this is this movie subvert your
expectations of reality is speaking of
subverting expectations we have to talk
about the nunchuks
he has nunchucks we've never seen him
used nunchucks before but the idea it
was a kick fire
he's a kick fire it was supposed to be
an Indiana Jones moment but he's doing
the fancy nunchuck stuff but then the
nunchucks are actually gun cocks but
yeah we don't even have like gun chunks
TM red letter media you know what rich
needs a t-shirt that says that standing
and you can just wear it
oh okay
we're at the end of the movie nothing
happens we somehow manage to talk about
this thing for four hours despite that
nothing happens beautiful
they stumbled it to a bunch of burning
oil
what the fuck just happened
they showed the ground for a second and
it was like a five inch drop so they saw
it coming but it wasn't as big as that
but the ending is is on par of blood
deaths if you ask me beat that reaction
I'm gonna say it's it's a few levels
below blood dots but it is amazing
because Israeli French German Inuit
woman woman woman of a thousand accents
her escape is to get into a speedboat
from Star Wars right to the right to the
wedding we're at the wedding now oh I
don't have a minute to rust the climate
they ran out of film they use the Star
Wars well and then the wedding happens
the daughter's wedding
the song as well and apparently she is a
loser and has no friends because the
only people that show up are the the
night of the kick fighters people well
except for kick fighter who doesn't even
bother where's Brett he said he'd be
here I think he needed some time alone
except for kick fighter who doesn't show
up because he's mourning the death of
the hacker woman who he never said a
word to a character but everyone's are
the whining like where's kick fight here
where's kick fighter and they're like oh
he's what the fuck was that jack best of
the worst
I don't think it would win any other
night but because of our standards
tonight I am going night of the kick
fighters yeah I would also go with night
of the kick fighters really boring
middle chunk but it starts entertaining
and ends entertaining you know Christmas
light is a close second though it's kind
of interesting hey short but interesting
versus long and boring nobody's putting
Crotty cop here tonight all right
well Mike I have to echo your sentiments
except for positive comments about the
Christmas night of the kick fighters for
me like you said start strong and strong
yes any film that ends when you run out
of footage by madding and an explosion
from Star Wars poof over a speedboat
yeah because you just run on a film in
time
it's verts your expectation is really
subverts or expectations because as long
as you subvert expectations it doesn't
matter what you do yeah the only thing
is subverting your expectation of Lee it
might you know make your entire movie
fall on its face but you subverted
expectations the Adam West had love for
his daughter he never came back in the
movie did he know at the end of the day
it's a film about family and that's my
pick for the worst Karate cop can you
eat a bag of dicks
rich I I was going to vote to destroy
everything tonight
up until literally the only two minutes
of entertainment I got out of the entire
night so by a fucking hair I'm doing it
so out of 90 minutes 90 minutes 20
minutes all connected you got two
minutes of expectations that were
subverted how does the first episode
become a better the last Jedi reviews
are follow you know why right because
we're subverting expectations back to
the review of terrible b-movie it's also
like less Jedi because this episode
should have ended 20 minutes ago all
right guys it's time to kick karate cop
into space but remember we've all gotta
kick it at the same time and just as
high as he kicks on the cover all right
we're ready one two
