Oct 26, 2017
Vampire Assassin, Hack-O-Lantern, Cathy's Curse
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-vampire-assassin-hack-o-lantern-and-cathys-curse/, youtube.com/watch?v=W1QJazEHMUo, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/923600938832678912

Ow.
well Josh looking around at all these
spooky decorations that means only one
thing it's almost time for another
national tragedy oh it's my newspaper
out there I'm gonna get hurt News Alert
- oh Jesus on Christ it's on time well
it's time to start tweeting yep hashtag
thoughts and prayers a hashtag not again
hashtag pray for when you insert your
city here hmm okay done my part
yeah that's good yeah all right well
speaking of horrific things it's time to
watch some terrible Halloween films okay
our first movie is called vampire
assassin
oh this movie's original title was not
blade starring Ron Hall Gerald --off
camera--
and Rudy ray Moore bitch are you for
real
Wow oh the pictures on the back are just
fantastic as weak as it stands here
we've got some really good out-of-focus
cheap vampire fangs they're like a
person's head with squish to fit the
side hmm and they needed mm-hmm it's a
good sign Mel Novak we've seen Mel no
panic in a bunch of different movies
yeah but no one remembers him all right
Derek Washington a cop with a vengeance
must travel to the dark side and become
the one thing he hates the most when a
botched sting operation leads to the
discovery of a deadly vampire who leads
the undead
so there's B's in the film I hope so you
set a bot sting up that's right seeking
out the help of one of the last vampire
hunters master cow
oh oh Jesus oh Jesus Oh Oh God actually
fell I really
that's good that's thank you thank you
wrench thank you you do good work good
work around here why do we have two
copies of honor and glory seeking out
the help of one of his lot one of the
last vampire hunters master cow
Washington begins his training
determined to hunt the ultimate killer
have they said anything about vampires
yet yeah oh you know there's something
to be said about a man who would risk
his life his friends his very own soul
and the pursuit of the hunt what okay so
we had one Mike for this
Oh
what this staff just explicit did this
is this reminds me of Birdman soundtrack
yeah all right well we are two entirely
different people and that was vampire
assassin which we haven't actually
watched yet
wasn't that amazing oh man lots of great
things to talk about our next film
speaking of great things to talk about
HECO Lantern
on blu-ray that's a good sign
no it's not rich because dr. butcher MD
is on blu-ray now why don't you tell us
what happens in hack O'Lantern all right
now that I'm completely unacceptable
when Tommy was a book sounds like a
disease or something yes yes in the
south yes this sounds like a disease
they have to keep they have to take
pills to keep my jag mantra under
control
did you catch that from Harvey Weinstein
to when Tommy was a boy he saw his
Grasso so he's no injustice Tommy when
Tommy was a bad Tommy Wiseau boy why so
why so boy when Tommy was a boy he saw
his grandpa hi Pike does this grab his
name yes
hi Pike hi Pike is that one word and
stewards no hy py o ee let's see yes
yeah okay
all right that's a name though it's an
actual name I don't know if any of these
are real names
yeah
says the leader of a vicious attendant
cult murder his father and a brutal
ritual on Halloween night now Tommy
Gregory Scott Cummings hashtag Harvey
Weinstein 18 I'm not convinced that any
of these are real people and Kripke is
ready to indoctrinate him into the ways
of the Black Arts
hashtag Harvey Weinstein that's I love
you when you put the thumb o that I love
you oh yeah this is this is that's a
couple months and this is I love you
yeah I mean I love you all right they
are related but as night approaches
someone dressed like a member of the
cult whose face is hidden behind a devil
mask killing people connected to Tommy
could it be grandpa Tommy himself or
someone even more sinister
hashtag behind these increasingly brutal
MERS directed by Jed Mundra open house
the jigsaw murders can real movies
nothing about the convinced this is a
real bit we'll find out HECO ledger is a
lurid mix of slasher jell-o jell-o
jell-o the Italian slasher movies oh and
supernatural horror are set in the
frenzied world of satanic panic
previously only viewable as low-quality
bootlegs no shit massacre video breaks
this distinctly sleazy hashtag Harvey
Weinstein 80s classic to blu-ray in a
brand new restoration from its original
35-millimeter camera negative and
featuring revealing interviews with its
producer and stars alright
they're good what are they gonna reveal
information about Harvey Weinstein
that's too much was one there's one over
the line too many
Harvey Gucci shoes they gave me them
guns that English that's some sort of
Satanist chant so rich that's a tattoo
and that was certainly a spooky movie oh
I'm chilled to my bones oh my goodness
let's talk about our third movie our
third movie which is Cathy's curse the
infamous can exploitation classic is
this from Canada that's a term that's
new to me yeah I don't think that's a
term that exists outside of that movie
there's a tagline up here yeah I sent
mommy to the madhouse I scared the
butler to death I threw nanny out the
window
okay now three of us are left daddy
dolly and me me me in 1947 a young girl
is roasted alive in a car accident whoa
30 years later her grown brother returns
to their childhood home with his
mentally unstable wife and sweet
daughter Kathy okay I'm with you okay so
the his sister died in a car accident in
the 40s her grown brother
you know her now her brothers grown up
has a mentally unstable wife and a child
and are they going to their family house
so Kathy's aunt would be the one that
got burned in a car accident know what
justjust just think of something
something sweet I think think of like
the poppy fields rainbows and stuff
while I read read the text well why
don't I take a calming moment and think
about all of the Hollywood executives
who have not molested anyone Camden
all right but when the dead aunts
vengeful spirit possesses the child it
will unleash an unnerving nightmare of
creepy mediums
demonic dolls and plenty of sick
seventies foul-mouthed moppet mayhem
well let's fire up the blu-ray player
and find out what Cathy's curses you go
prime the pumps that's how your
blueprint player works oh we have a
really old one yeah it's a gas power
yeah that's what the joke was
gone he taking George with her your
mother's a fish I've got good side he
was so angry he jolted up in between
cotton
maybe the chains look like it's too
gross anyway we're in a castle Oh what
the fuck holy shit we're in a spooky
laboratory in a castle
oh yeah disgust it's Halloween it's
because you know it's a science lab and
we're here to scientifically determine
what is a good bad movie but anyway the
first movie that we watched was a
vampire in Brooklyn what's the name of
this movie vampire assassin also known
as dull blade yes hey that's a great
joke you know what I came up with that
joke completely I'm sure it's really
clever road dull blade I take full
credit for dull blade cut the footage of
me saying the joke when you said it in
the screening in the screening room
there's there's documented evidence of
me saying it this is dull blade
that's why you get the big bucks
Mike vampire Sasson what's it all about
um what a giant giant pile of shit so
where you even start this Mike that guy
on the guy on the front is that Ron Hall
um no okay I don't think so he didn't
have dreadlocks in the film that's Ron
Hall son did it did did Ron I'll have a
sword no smaller like blades that were
made out of copper tubing that he bought
at Home Depot yeah so what you're saying
is he had imitation blades oh yeah well
that's exactly what this is I mean this
is this is released by Lionsgate yeah
really this is a movie that's shot on
terrible home video it's it's four by
three aspect ratio it's it's the the
bottom of the barrel trash and they
redesigned the package I think I think
Lionsgate has an entire division based
on replicating nice Hollywood looking
covers trick people and you're thinking
they're watching something that's
halfway decent this of course is aping
off the success of blade this is not
even the guy doesn't even carry a
samurai sword I mean this movie is as a
giant pile of trash well it's funny that
you say it's a giant pile of trash
because half the movie takes place in a
warehouse for cleaning supplies for
toilet paper for some reason the film
opens in the past the past past meaning
it depends on someone's patio that's his
patio
they put a sepia filter over it to make
it make it the Middle Ages yeah and he
kills a bunch of vampires
hey guys can you stop shooting your
movie here we're about to have a cookout
this is supposed to be
that means they're dying okay because
that's a lot easier than fake blood I'm
sorry sir he killed a bunch of vampires
but then he tasted one of the vampire's
blood right does that that doesn't make
you a vampire every universe has its own
rule all right I need your help it's not
a slogan or service doesn't come cheap
let's get out of here Derek I smell
something wrong sister doesn't seem like
his money you're after what is your
price like blade this main character I
don't even know his name
Karate Dan karate oh yeah he's mostly
vampires kind of half and a half so he's
killing assassins who are there to us
kill vampires but he's also killing
vampires his main plot is to stop mr.
Slovak yes who is the bad guy played by
played by Mel Torme Mel Novak Melo Novak
is Slovak Bakula is Dracula I actually
do want to call you real quick because
you say the movie opens on the patio
because the movie then continues on that
patio yes quite often returns it we were
we're at that patio for the opening
fight scene the patio is definitely part
of the romantic date like someone has a
really nice stone patio that could be
any set yeah and so it is many sets
there is a set they do use a set yet for
two scenes
well there's like same set for different
kind of like semi-transparent windows
and then and then it becomes at the
police station set but then right the
rest of the 80% of the film takes place
in a toilet paper box Factory
well that's not true we've got four sets
total
you forgot about Gerald ah commuters
house that was Gerald our cameras Wow
yeah that's gonna say they shot there
yeah this feels acknowledged that's not
a library
Oh for fuck's sake that's not a
bookshelf those are books Jay are we
shooting this in the video store the
library god dammit Joel a chimera trains
Crotty dad Angelica Mira's house xx NFL
linebacker karate yeah he acts as if
he's a former football player to his
credit he has some some really sweet
karate moves oh yeah oh yeah like this
form and and all this stuff obviously
they're gonna say he has some really
sweet emotional bone oh yeah you can do
a super cut of all of his reaction shots
in this movie and it's like what do you
think he's feeling
he's a tabula rasa there's nothing there
until derelict Amira gets killed and
then karate that has all the acting
emotions in one theme got to pick up
some cases of toilet here and all of
Gerald a camera scenes were shot like
this because he was always wearing his
black speedos not the weapon the but the
important part that we need to reel back
to is that Siri makes an appearance in
this movie my name is Samantha Morris
I'm the editor of an internet news
magazine exploring news most media shy
away from is that text-to-speech I
Theory read my scripts got famous my
name is Samantha Morris I'm the editor
of an internet news magazine exploring
news most media shy away from I am from
a newspaper and I'm here to interview
for a former newspaper would you like to
go on a date with me now yeah it's like
right off the bat on what I want you to
do is run that through a text-to-speech
program and compare lay that over the
the video my name is Samantha Warren I'm
the editor of an internet news magazine
exploring news most media shy away from
officer Washington officer Derek
Washington of the LAPD special division
this is important to note because it
seems like at any given setup that
they've any of the four sets that they
go to they have one mic maximum so they
mic whoever's the most important like
Mel Novak in the first scene and this
he's not as important in a later scene
so they mic someone else things would
not be that way if you had accepted the
most generous proposal that my employer
often
he has a bow and arrow that's made out
of paper toilet paper rolls I don't even
know they just put it in between the two
boxes there they instead of having it
get shot into a box there's the box of
stacked on top of each other and they
just shoved it in between it's because
those boxes actually had merchants and
maybe as the owner of the factory
wouldn't be happy about a spell that
Windex puncture a bleach bottle gosh yes
50 cents that's way more important than
making a movie there's that sword that
has like the extra little flanges on the
end of the bow yeah it's like a Klingon
sword yeah the clan saw it as the too
little did I brought up Stouffer Oh
someone put money in the pot part well
I'm talking about the Gerald a camera
gives bloody dad
Gerald a camera gives black ninja of his
his ceremonial daggers and they're their
knives that look like knives but it
looks like it has the handle that the
hilt is like the guard part is a piece
of copper tubing that's cut hallo you
could feel that it's hollow it's it's
hot glued on and then at some point
during the production of the film it
comes off and it breaks so he's holding
the knife like this where his hand is
rubbing up against the blades
yes he's holding the guard down they
were upside down oh look you know I
bleed won him at the police station that
led to the centerpiece of the film mr.
Slovak is there mr. Slovak is like
police you know it's me mr. Slovak I'm a
prominent citizen I'm wealthy you guys
know me I didn't do anything wrong and
then dull blades there and he goes he's
a vampire and everyone's like you're
crazy - all blade this existence of
vampires what proof do you have to show
this
dull blade then somehow cast a spell and
is able to bless a cup of water to make
it holy water
why are you sitting on the floor
entitlement issues ue whoa
oh wait wimp when did you get it to a
storage unit what the fuck why are you
and why are you there they're hiding
behind bathroom tissue where is this cut
to everyone in the police station runs
into a toilet paper suddenly they're
there in the garage of the warehouse
because the slogan conjures bad guys
yep what to fight the oh yeah he's a
magical cage he's a magical vampire cape
that he bought at a halloween Express
and if someone shoots in and he goes
like this that ID flex the bullets that
Cape deflect bullets summons henchman
makes people disappear or turn into bats
yes who is that where's the bat turn the
other guy into a bat Oh Sailor man
that's where the film is it goes unless
it goes off the rails because it was
never on the red-eye the movie ends with
a movie can't wait to end it's true I am
what every creature of the night should
fear I am more than just a vampire
hunter
the first vampire assassin wait to get
to the he calls Rudy ray Moore oh we
were talking about Ray Ray more there's
not much say about it yeah I quit job
who is goddamn hilarious in the dole I
met dolomite movies he's in this movie
briefly and it's not even the script
that's in front of him it's his lines
it's not rapper screenplay design yeah
it's not in the proper format it's just
his lines word for by the way I'm going
to guess that was the script because
they did not know how to write in proper
format that can very well these high
early Ron Hall did not learn proper
screenplay format in the NFL Ron Paul
didn't learn screenwriting format either
that's especially not in the NFL yeah he
I'm gonna guess he was an ex FL player
oh way back the XFL was a professional
American football league which played
one season in 2001 it was operated as a
joint venture between the world
wrestling federation WWF now known as
WWE and NBC the XFL was conceived as an
outdoor football league that would take
place during the NFL offseason and
promoted as having fewer rules and
encouraging rougher play than other
major leagues although committing to
broadcast two seasons NBC pulled out of
its broadcast contract for the XFL after
the inaugural season citing the core
viewership while WWF owner Vince McMahon
initially stated that the XFL would
continue without NBC and proposed the
addition of expansion teams unfavorable
demands of the league by UPN hasten the
XFL semis and the league ceased
operations entirely in May 2001
I know that look he was in a location
and it was like there was like old
computers yeah they look like a computer
it was like a store with Harold
computers but imagine going to Best Buy
going up to the Geek Squad counter and
Rudy ray Moore's
what's wrong with Yoko I ins I got some
virus on my computer virus
what happier computer had thanks are you
for real I would love that tech support
would be that would make sure we're
talking about Sri I wish there was a
Rudy ray Moore option for Siri right
sold I will get an iPhone if that is an
option for me
we get it kill the bad way take us home
I'm so sorry I just had a frog make sure
I have proper elbow comfort so the next
film that we watched tonight was hackle
lantern by jag Mundra Jack let's explain
HECO lantern the best movie of all time
what the best movie of the best movie we
watched today
well before you gonna do it I'm just
gonna say right off the bat that I kinda
love to haggle and but anyway explain
haggle and refine it was perfectly fine
it's about Satanists and Satanists get a
hold on a young boy who turns into an
asshole teenager not a teenager 35 year
old teenager I think he's supposed to be
like maybe 20 22 but he's played by a
forty year olds honestly
oh we hope you like right into the
camera they're fine he's got a sweet
elvira poster on his wall see that's
that that's the tight shit tiny bed I
had a very childhood bed it makes sense
in the context of the movie yeah but
there's no way his feet don't dangle off
that fucking bed dude I'm not saying
it's not awkward I'm just saying it
makes sense that he would never leave
that he's also a dude who's like out in
the world and he has a girlfriend and
like he's doing stuff outside of the
home real friend has never stayed over
at this place I was gonna say do you
think they had sex in that tiny bed oh
yeah okay so Satanists are just all up
in this town and the town seems to be
cool with it
right is Tommy now I know my mom's still
worried about you spending time with
Grandpa does everyone know that
grandpa's the same it isn't like I feel
like this problem should have been
solved a long time ago but then murders
start to happen in the town related
specifically to one family
and there's a Halloween party and
there's sex in a graveyard you're
neglecting to mention satanic grandpa
who rapes his own daughter to conceive a
child who will be spawn of Satan yeah
flashback to her wedding day yeah yeah
yeah it's his son we're doing the
wedding dress and everything right
before the wedding that must've been an
awkward ceremony right but so the
product of this incest lies in his
basement bedroom and listens to heavy
metal
oh yeah oh yeah
Oh oh he's not even fantasizing about
being the lead
he's like the second rhythm guitarist
he's not the singer he's not the solo
guitar player he's just back there or
doing riff he's modest yeah
you shed her laser beams from her eyes
turn things into spirit Halloween props
but he's the only one who survives
getting vaporized by laser beams
and oh and then she takes a trident from
from Aquaman I think so she turns a
guitar into it she turns a guitar I'm
gonna try this is early DCE you cross
very early I mean they've been planning
for this yeah yeah she's gonna show up
and the Justice League and she stabs him
in the throat
and then he wakes up and then we
realized that oh I guess it was a dream
a nightmare or a fantasy we're not
really sure combination or a premonition
we don't know and I don't know I think I
think the only thing we're supposed to
get out of that is that he's fucked up
the whole time I've been smelling like
cinnamon and floral smells and I'm like
Joshua smell Oh tonight it could be your
beard yeah but it's a candle and then I
realized all right it's the candle
weight thanks Mike
did you rub something in your beard okay
condition the beard every day you got to
keep it soft or nice oh yeah it really
does you guys want to smell it no no it
smells nice it has a nice place I smell
that all day because it goes up here
yeah and there's a nice older to native
best of the woods smelling josh is a
beard he towering up all of you out
there in TV land
Josh's beard smells really nice honey
can you hear me
you can't live like this
Tom it's me Roger the fact that he lives
at home makes all of this so odd yeah
then he's supposed to be like isolated
from the family but they're all days
always just like knocking on his door
it's very weird he's just like clearly
35 the mom is constantly looking at her
children because there's other children
there's a younger son and younger
daughter and crying all of the time
she's always so distraught she cannot
get over the fact that her dad raped her
on her wedding day ruining his life
her dad burned her husband alive and
raped her on her wedding day I mean
what's the problem yeah yeah so she she
looks she looks distraught all the time
but this is a murder mystery and I
wonder who the killer is
the thing is that there are at least
three versions or at least three people
who have this mask the same goat mask
that that appears in in multiple places
and sometimes in the same frame which is
off you might have shots we've gotten
her looking like out of it she's totally
the killer right yeah the mask looks
like fluke loon the Jedi Master from the
Star Wars prequels but really Jay you
mentioned that um you mentioned the star
horse I I don't I never mentioned this
was very little Segway Jay you mentioned
that it's very possible that the
murderer could be the mom and I ruled
that out immediately because the mom has
a really long hair and it would be
really hard for her to fit her hair
inside that Halloween mask until the
scene when we see the mom removed the
Halloween mask and a scene they forgot
to film
oh yeah and where we don't see the mom
space in the reveal of who the killer of
the movie is clearly a man in a wig
oh it's mom okay that's didn't have her
for that shot who's somebody else was
yeah yeah the hair look completely
different yep
they forgot if you need to do your
reveal of the killer you should probably
make sure you have the actress now let's
talk about now let's talk about what is
up sorry sorry sorry
now let's talk about one of the wildest
Halloween parties that ever happened in
bumfuck Kansas
where a lady takes all of her clothes
off at a Halloween party there's a
different awesome hair metal band
there's a different mo but the same that
was in the the fantasy really there's an
Indian guy in drag underneath the stairs
last time by himself why is that guy
dancing by himself all night oh he's hot
with a great time don't look at very
high drugs took some Molly yes love it
life needs to be a good place
it takes some confidence to go to a
party by yourself in drag and just dance
in the corner with no crazy
there is a stripper who goes full nude
what kind of fucked up party is right
what everybody else is the band quit
playing except the drummer because
everyone's watching then this strip
chess players hanging out drivers just
jam it tell me what so I'm drunk and
this is OK by the local police
department is ok with this yeah our
weird incest kid his younger brother is
the cop in the town and he's there to
kind of monitor the party Jesus like hey
this is by the way after he fucked on
top of a dead body oh god there's so
much to talk about while he was on duty
that's great yeah yeah sex in a
graveyard on top of a freshly dug grave
well and then the the cuz the person
having sex with her in that scene is the
brother of the scene this kid
yes and he also has a sister and sister
is the one who set up the younger
brother right that girl so tell me where
do it's not enough to just tell her we
fucked right there look yeah your
brother conned out your little brother
yeah fucked him you can still see his
ass Mars happening so they can just
really have boys do you want to smell it
what a motivation to get them back out
here yeah we've got to two things in
that scene that just completely fucked
with my brain that no person would do is
like oh my brother you fucked him right
show me where and then she does on top
of the dead body of your boyfriend yeah
whoops yeah what hock word dead body
doesn't matter in this scenario that's
where I fucked your brother like show me
where you fucked my brother was the
weird part of that these two the the the
daughter and her friend they were very
close if you recall that's the the the
daughter was masturbating in the bathtub
why her friend came in and put a rubber
spider in this room how good of friends
are you buddies normal she's like haha
rubber spider because there's a there's
a bath towel let me put you a bath towel
around you isn't it weird that your new
tea that's the way they roll in
Devonport we're neglecting one very
important aspect of the movie and that's
the fact that at the Halloween dance
party there is someone dressed as a
salad yes
that's if that's the most weird or
disturbing thing in the film then we
have a lot more to talk yeah well that's
let's continue with that talking about
Halloween in general this movie has one
spooky Halloween atmosphere to it yeah
there there's lots of great I mean the
opening scene of the movie we see a
pumpkin get smashed Tommy we have to
wash that but mom I like the taste of
woods grandmother says it's good for me
grandpa
fuck your satanic pumpkin but there's
there's lots of good Halloween stuff in
this movie this is a very Halloween
heavy film
so we need to talk about grandpa let's
talk about all the voices that grandpa
has throughout the years
yeah there's some there's some Tom Waits
in there it seems like he's doing the
Tim Curry Pennywise from it's yes great
pump got them very special for you and
then the next scene he's doing like a
southern Southern drawl not like a
southern belle like a female we don't
like so we're watching this movie and
he's the most compelling thing about the
movie and it's a weird it's a nod it's a
non movie overall but like he was
consistently compelling so you're gonna
predict the town tonight I'm gonna do my
job I say damn you Jam gonna meet your
grandpa can't even fun on Halloween but
this seems like the kind of thing where
it's like he was in this and that was it
right it seems like that kind of
performance where he's like some local
guy they put in the movie he does not
feel like a career actor yeah yeah that
is what he is but he's a fucking Blade
Runner given by snakes from the egyptian
taffey all the time pal that well and in
here he is chewing the scenery and the
he is the hallmark of this movie um
included upon the ceremony of blood but
be out know that that's so it's it's
it's a series of weird performances it's
it's him it's Tommy and it's the mom all
the other actors in the movie are
terrible but those three are unique and
weird and interesting and that's what
it's really movie together yeah it's
really enough to get the movie by well I
guess that's one of my big problems with
hako Lantern I know and I'm sorry to
like get too critical about hak
O'Lantern the best movie ever the best
movie ever but as it does build a spooky
theme it has three kills yeah
maybe maybe three kills made before it's
not how many kills Jack that's how
terrible and awkward and pointless so
tighten it up
see what's what strangling her back the
corset that doesn't he's okay that'll do
it okay what that was odd is it a huge
crack turret which is done
so her final film of the night was
Cathy's curse and I don't even know who
hasn't dress
Josh Cathy's curse Oh what does Kathy's
curse about well Kathy's curse is about
a curse that Kathy has do we know why
Kathy has the curse yeah that's a whole
thing it's the whole thing Jack your
mother's a bitch
a fella and his daughter have to get
into a car and drive because her mother
is a bitch your mother's a bitch anyway
yes pull that back a little bit go ahead
they need to get into a car they need to
leave the house yes why is that bitch
are we sure about this your mother's a
bitch I'm sure we've cut to it like 15
times my mother because it's it's
absolutely the best line of the movie
your mother's a bitch the delivery that
is not just the line it's the editing
it's just so fucking awkward yes where
it's like he'll lean down he's talking
to her and then it cuts to his rehearse
and all of a sudden he's standing up and
he's like your mom's a bitch your
mother's a bitch it's like it doesn't
match at all everything is wrong yep
so they get into the car and they're
chasing the mom and the son apparently
what bothers there was a bunny in the
road inciting incident the entire plot
of this movie hinges on the fact that
the daughters like don't hit that bunny
of your road but so that's your prologue
oh so that's right
I don't I have any more any of the given
but not on the mothers of fish
of all
left the girl to sit at the house for
the DAP to discover now I have a serious
question oh yeah what were we talking
about what are you talking about getting
pretty ridiculous you know and I know
that I've had a nervous breakdown right
uh like 15 20 years later whatever the
the boy child would who was with his mom
obviously didn't get into a car crash
and so has survived and has inherited
the house where they all lived the
brother of the girl whose mom was a
bitch and and we did not meet Gordon as
a child absolutely not father who was
clearly a finish your mother fish and so
he moves in with his a very unstable
wife and his very sweet daughter who is
extremely curious and wanders up into
the attic where there's a creepy doll
and a creepy picture and then she ends
up possessed by the zoo she ends up
possessed by the zoo she ends up
possessed by the girl that died in the
crash
Wow I saw the string but that was great
yes gran was flying out the window
and that's basically what's going on
through the rest of the movie everybody
eventually dies except for her dad
because dads are okay everybody else is
terrible that particularly women that's
the weird thing is that she develops
this because the dad at the Vienna is
like your mom's a bitch your mother and
that's like his whole thing and so the
daughter has this idea that like all
women are bitches and they're terrible
there's a dead daughter right yes so
Cathy is like at certain points in the
movie we're just like fuck you whore but
so so the rest of the movie is just
things happen yeah it's it's Cathy
trying to weed everybody out of her
house apart from her dad and then
there's there's an old there's mick
fleetwood and he gets drunk all the time
it hangs out with Cathy because
apparently she's he's having a blast
this is very strange any of it even by
the color movie standards this is weird
right forcing an old man to drink mick
fleetwood is an important character
because like he doesn't get drunk just
to get drunk Cathy gets him drunk
Oh God what the fuck
there's a snake in the drawer my deserts
think there is he paralyzed yeah yes
he's frozen yeah like she does he froze
on a fear or booze she did though it's
beautiful well we can't tell if he's
scared of the snake and the trash it's a
little kind of shaky when the tarantula
is here at the end he's like no but then
the scene awkwardly ends that's the site
question Jay I guess scene is over that
was a weird place to I really want to
make note of what Jay just said the
phrase did Jay just use which is the
scene awkwardly ends that's the whole
move that happens pretty much every
scene in the movie there's an awkward
fade-out yes like Oh cut to commercial
eventually like she's managed to kill
just about everybody and - except for
the mom and dad and the mom figures out
how to stop the curse the ends rips the
stitches up yeah close the eyes
Oh kinetic powers what everyone's an art
critic several more pieces grandma lazy
says you're talking about a theoretical
demonic possession and/or not even a
demonic possession the possession of the
spirit of a girl who died in a fiery car
crash who somehow wants to kill people
they ought of vengeance or anger this
move you know what 1919 mother's a bitch
1970 something mother's a bitch a moon
obviously your mother there there's that
like you said I expected it to be
batshit crazy yeah if there is this line
and it's a it's a pretty thick line it's
not a thin line it's a thick line where
movies are batshit crazy to where
they're fun or where they're like make
sort of make sense and this one was like
on that line yeah where it's like wait
what this doesn't this sort of makes
sense but then that's where it falls
Sako lantern fell on that in that region
for me so both of these two movies were
like weird but not weird enough to where
there fell off the edge to where they're
crazy and fun yes like it's like it
falls into that that terrible terrible
area we call oh I disagree I disagree
honestly I feel like Cathy's curse made
Bon Appetit would you call these two
movies frustrating no I wouldn't call
either you know what this one's
frustrate here yes and you know Mike
here's here's the part is I don't clear
as day to me these are frustrating I
will call it all wrong
duh oh my god that's you vanish so how
does that make sense
what where does demonic come in to the
to the area with Kathy's cursor there's
a demonic what are you talking about the
fucking box is demonic where where is
this vowel that's exactly exactly
there's a little girl got burned up in a
car sorry
she's possessing is all I'm doing
demonic things she's a ghost but why is
she so angry why is she killing elderly
women because her mom's a bitch that's
it don't make you no fuckin sense to me
there's a lot of the movie hinges on the
fact that that little girls mom is a
bitch medium it's a basic demonic doll
possession yeah but there you go demonic
it ain't possessed by a demon as a girl
the ghost of a little girl who died in a
car accident right so it's a demonic
position is that being said demonic it's
a ghost that died under on the
ceremonial circumstances and that
doesn't have unfinished business in the
world who bitch Laura ain't no demon
she's a little girl
there are no dents in film but you still
understood it but there ain't no diamond
but that's the fault of the box you
can't you can't get pissed off of that
that bitch right there said zymotic our
little girl could be a demon yo she just
has unfinished business
no she's a ghost she's a ghost
she has unfinished business and she
possesses sure mathy to in order to
eliminate all females and naysayers I
don't know
your mother's a bitch the thing is I
think Cathy's curse is a kind of movie
they can get by on atmosphere in shop
yeah it is like it's shocking to hear a
little girl say you're fuckin fat or and
that's it definitely that just I'm a bug
show up when a drunk guy is trying to
huge that's a huge crutch but it gets by
on that crunch
remember when the fucking mom had
leeches on earth yeah we got a movie
like The Exorcist where the little girl
says horrible things your mother sucks
cocks in hell you care well that's what
Cathy's curse is not as good as the
exercise oh so um I don't know if we
properly explains any of these no this
is a disaster this night has been a
disaster this castle is awful the eye
I'm gonna blame it on the castle where
we their environment I'm gonna fall
apart I'm gonna blame the movies so yeah
Josh the worst by a country mile it's
Cathy's curse that movie had atmosphere
to spare it had I didn't give a shit
about the plot holes where I gave a shit
about the plot holes in the other movies
so yeah it's Cathy's curse Mike best of
the worst
oh my professor the worse those vampires
have O'Lantern
and Cathy skirts beautiful beautiful
restoration film prints yes I appreciate
that true marvelous little moments of
weirdness but it was just too spread out
too diluted I cannot listen I grew up on
lung cabins in ski film
I enjoy a good a good bad kung-fu
b-movie and what a giant giant pile of
shit I'm not doing this to be a
contrarian or to cause an upset I don't
doubt that at all if I were to pick
which b-movie I thought was the best and
I enjoyed the most crazy be movie magic
giant giant pile of shit Rudy ray Moore
really raining no more wasted in this
two seasons oh my vote my vote is
vampires
this movie is giant pile of trash my
vote for best of the worst is heckle
lantern because I gently enjoyed
watching the movie it was bad but I
liked it it had lots of fun Halloween
atmosphere it had a story that was
relatively interesting with the Satanism
and the incest and all the weirdness of
course Mac o lantern is the easy choice
for best of the work so Jack best of the
worst for fucks
but vampire assassin we need to have a
conversation pick your own bachelor Wars
without judging why okay so so buy votes
alone Cathy's Cathy's choice wins no by
sheer votes alone hack O'Lantern wins
best of the worst fucking at you why are
we destroying I want to destroy vampire
sessom I of course I'm in the negative I
say yes but can I say one thing Jay this
film comes from a period of time
in the late 90s a pioneer of anything
with a little guy could make a ripoff of
blade are you saying that the little guy
couldn't make a ripoff of blade right
now so we're going to destroy vampire
assassin the good thing is we have two
copies so you go ahead and you destroy
it all you watch all right so we're
gonna destroy both copies of vampire
assassin
everybody sent more copies of vampire
assassin
