Kill Squad, Ryanâ€™s Babe, and Demonwarp
June 2, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-kill-squad-ryans-babe-and-demonwarp/

hey Josh hello jack
so did you see solo oh yeah love it solo
it's great really yeah
yeah that's my favorite Mario Van
Peebles movie do you just you just carry
that around with you
no oh it was Friday it was for the joke
know nothing about all that let's watch
the movies yeah today well let's watch
this movie it's right there his wife is
dead he's paralyzed
now comes the quell squad so not a lot
of complete sentences would just be
ready for this okay right give it to him
he saved them in Nam now it's time for
payback kill squad joseph was their
officer in Nam he saved all their lives
they would each die for him they just
might all die Joe needs help he's called
out the Cal squad that's as good as I
can get it that many ellipses game
sentences and use it very impressive I
think I understand what's happening okay
I can get explain a little more oh
please Joseph in his wife Joanna
viciously attacked in their home she's
raped and killed Oh No he's shot and
paralyzed double danger
Larry his best friend and ex squad
member from Nam calls out the rest of
the squad after all they all owe him
their lives
how does Cameron Mitchell get these
roles where he's like starring in the
movie but then doesn't actually have to
do anything in the movie the only lead
they have to start checking out is the
name of the leader Dutch Cameron
Mitchell everywhere they go when they
ask about Dutch the people are reduced
to trembling animals tiny dogs and cats
and hamster care exchange so I think
it's like that scene in Willow
fighting as if cornered and their very
lives are at stake
fight after brutal fight they continue
looking for a Dutch so they can't find
the mullets and this is how it's going
to work now there are numbers being
reduced by the bodies of buddies they
have to leave behind an excellent car
chase ending in a fire explosion and we
find our kill squad almost desperate but
determined to finish the job all the way
from Mexico and centipedes can you
believe this with your own ears I've cut
the crap papa
hey it's no bull I wouldn't lie to you
about three thousand Santa Fe that's a
line in trouble
Hey looking for me you fell off a
building under a card
Brian's babe all right so this is uh
Rhines babe this is the road movie that
doesn't know where it's going oh man
classic boner road comedy what was what
was the the end-all boner road comedy
with Tom Green in it was it just called
road trip yeah video nomicon proudly
presents probably first time on DVD ray
Ramaiya x' road trip cult classic Ryan's
babe we all know about it classic cult
classic right up there with Rocky Horror
a good heart and bad luck will get you
nothing but trouble that's what Ryan
discovers the hard way like a boner yeah
yeah yeah dicks yeah when he thought
hitting the road would solve all of his
problems
instead it was just the beginning Ryan
bill Levasseur
from the West Wing Oh
from getting carjacked at gunpoint being
mistaken for a mobster son - a run-in
with cheerleaders intent on vigilante
justice Wow
Ryan barely escapes a one mess before
landing in the middle of another no boy
I can't win finally able to go home riah
whoa hmm what no just I was wondering
where he was going because it's a
roadtrip movie
you usually have a destiny going from
one place to a place and that hadn't
heard until he said right there to go
home well he's going home yeah from
where from where or to where did he go
somewhere and then go back home what
what what why wait wait what wait what
wait what wait what but what is this
what where are we no wait what is
happening everywhere
what but why no God what what's
happening what a giant liar wait what
what where is he what who huh I what is
going on what is happening why where how
did we get here go home but what what
wait what why is this happening
this movie is called demon warp starring
the heavenly George Kennedy ah most most
famously known from the Naked Gun series
or police squad a vengeance crazed
hunters searching for his daughter five
youths stalking an inhuman mutation they
have just stepped into the alien spawned
realm of demon warp and a wave of
unearthly terror is about to begin
so the demons are aliens No okay you're
right or yes maybe okay you're right
because the demon warp is a realm oh
it's a ravages alien spawned which may
or may not have anything to do with the
vengeance crazed hunter or the five
youths or the inhuman mutation or the
daughter
there's lots back in enter a primeval
world of future shock an alien terror
deep in warp a transmutation into terror
they win for they're going for in this
fucking thing Jesus a transmutation in
detail I have so many questions and I
don't that was just the front of the
house the front I thought that was the
whole thing
stur you around like a super
you know it occurred to me I don't think
Jack that you have ever intro'd the the
know if you ever have I'm sure I have
have you I don't know well the night we
watched three movies ah the first one
was kill squad you blew it you are dumb
Josh why don't you explain kill squad it
shouldn't be hard cuz there's basically
three scenes over and over I yeah
basically I could explain it by retiring
the movie to kick squad fella and his
wife there are good business people
having good business times doing so good
you know this good numbers go up
I am the business man you are a
disinterested wife as far as I'm
concerned the company can do it out to
your friend mr. Pearson why Joanne is it
because he's black the white said I
wasn't expecting such putting social
commentary because he's black let's not
gloss over that the movie dumb we were
just about to gloss over the fact that
his wife is pretty racist we don't
actually have confirmation on that it's
that he thinks she's racist all the time
he could be completely off we don't know
and we'll never know we'll never know
because she gets fucking killed
immediately all of a sudden there's a
gang led by Cameron Mitchell they break
into the house shoot him rape and kill
her moving on
oh look at that okay it's kind of like
to sit there all of it that's great
there have to be an awkward 15 minutes
scene yeah any nudity is good regardless
of content Larry the guy who helps Joe
the businessman run his business
the black man the black fellow the wife
may or may not like my class of his
blackness
she doesn't steam does not like him we
don't know why so what's not to like
about wearing this is a rejection slip
man I know that why are you rejecting a
tool because it wasn't built on a
specification one of the employees is
mad because he's he's too lazy to make
the the tools they're manufacturing up
to specifications yeah when the boss
insist he makes the tools right a
kung-fu fight breaks out between the
employees and the boss karate anymore
this is insane that they're having a
karate fight right now it's the world's
greatest work dispute this is like five
minutes into the movie it's it's bright
away this fight was so intense that the
employee had to run and grab the
workplace gun
I think we've learned who's on the right
wrong here only dipshit shoot their own
foot that was amazing
it's designated see that was the OSHA
regulated gun you need to get every
workplace yeah you got the eyewash
station you've got the gun area of
course totally it's like every business
has they apparently skimped on the
training for the gun though what a
wonderful scene so Joe yeah the brisance
man from the beginning whose wife is
dead had been raped and murdered he is
paralyzed he's in a wheelchair and he
just wants to go to his garden and so he
Larry takes Joe to his garden where they
have a Vietnam flashback Joe right Joe
they they they make him walk through the
minefield well the whole idea is Joe
wants his old squad to get back together
to help avenge his dead wife I guess so
yeah I know who did it and if I know who
yeah yeah they gotta look into it so it
so it is scene after scene of hey we
found guy oh he's in a situation with
other people and has to kick his way out
of it and then we then we approach him
to say come join the squad it's it's
this very surreal pattern yeah cuz it
did this this see never seen nothing
deviates from the all-important pattern
because it's just it's lockstep it
really is there was a man who was
throwing off what is it a four-story
building they're three but still lands
in a car and he's fine
man you slip us something if I didn't
know any better I'd say somebody pushed
under a car yeah not only does he get up
and walk after falling off the
three-story building then he starts
kicking ass
the people who shoved him off the
building they need to get kids they need
to get kicked in the face he kicks it he
kicks them in the face and then the rest
of the squad comes into he's done every
scene kick kick kick kick
oh the squad comes in to recruit because
the pattern is more powerful than the
fall you see it's the super power it's
not his super power it's the super power
of the Paterson the the universe this
movie takes in won't accept any actions
that deviate from the patterns yes yes
it's like a self-correcting universe
they give the squad wanted to meet up
with a member who wasn't in trouble the
second the squad was nearby trouble
would you spontaneously and so reality
starts really wrapping around the
situation and so he suddenly said were
you think about it that makes an
incredible amount of sense of why else
would that renegade pimp take over that
pimps corner at that moment I guess I'm
not a pimp anymore immediately done yeah
the universe demands it yeah we get the
gardener who's definitely being racist
ended at I said I finished a front yard
and that would be 20 350 sir come on
money come on
would anybody like a little nip
is that where everybody at this party
just attacks him yeah
like men women children just start comes
after him because he wants to be paid
for his work the friends come in and
take him away so much and you know like
he has to stick with the formula so much
that he leaves his work truck just
sitting in that guy's driveway well now
we need to point out that is almost to
the minute
the first 30 minutes mm-hmm and then we
reached the next 30 minutes
again almost to the minute almost as if
it was written and directed by someone
who is very particular about who the
people yes because now the next 30
minutes is a series of scenes much like
the first 30 minutes is a series of
scenes of people getting into
confrontation kick kick kick
squad shows up the next 30 minutes is
they go to a place they interrogate a
person they end up in a kicking fight
and then a sniper shoots one of the
squad members and kills him this happens
over and over and over confront run kick
snipe confront break off into two again
Humira missing that important stuff
you're missing a very important step
which is that everyone who works in the
place that gets questioned by these guys
as soon as it's obviously the kick fight
is about to start everyone else who
works there immediately join all these
employees are loyal to each other is
really fuckin loyal yeah I'm just deal
working on my truck is that a kicking
there's a bad
yeah I think they'd just be like oh man
those guys want to fuck up her co-worker
oh I should call the cops we should run
away so they don't beat us up I don't
want to get hurt
what'd you just kill him yeah okay like
that guy was just innocent yeah let's
work there we just saw them beating up
one of his co-workers tried to help yeah
so this is uh so this is the next 30
minute chunks and the whole idea is that
they're trying to track down what is it
Dutch is the gun yes Dutch is the guy
that pulled the trigger but ultimately
and this is important they want to find
out who hired him yes because he's just
a working man and that's his job yeah
and fur and for all this next 30 minutes
scene when when someone is sniper we
keep seeing like a masked figure we see
all in black he's got a ski mask on and
it five different and we do see magical
show at one point on a phone
conversation he's got a rifle we're just
like oh it's Cameron Mitchell's the
sniper
he's wearing a mask cuz they didn't have
Cameron Mitchell there every fucking day
that's not gonna do stunts he's not
gonna do she's not gonna climb up a
water tower that's not canon Mitchell
there were times it would have made far
more sense for the sniper to just shoot
all of our heroes oh yeah that's the bit
a point out for shooting his own
henchman he say Lejeune shoots just one
of them yeah he's got every opportunity
in the world from the pattern when the
one of them gets shot the other was just
like yeah that's the thing maybe he
wants to shoot the other ones and the
universe is forcing him not to now I got
a scale down this wall I guess like this
is the scene when you know the sniper
gets unmasked and they don't they make a
point of not showing it and it was it
was like a tease and it was it was kind
of jarring because before then you're
thinking is he's wearing a mask because
they didn't have Cameron Mitchell to
shoot clearly the snipers let posted be
Cameron Mitchell this cycle the second
there's a tease it's like oh wait this
is mystery why is there a mystery why is
there yeah and we suspected it was Joe
the guy in the wheelchair well it died
he is so stupid
that I think somebody suggested as a
joke yeah are you saying that the
universe rewrote itself to the
stupidness of the movie then rewrote us
watching it because we were supposed to
have suspicions didn't the universe so
spoiler Joe was the sniper wasn't really
crippled he has this whole stupid
backstory as to why he was killing off
all of his friends why this is why
oh he he was upset that he had to go
through the minefield even though his
squad couldn't do anything about that he
was upset that the Vietnamese forced him
to walk through the minefield and it was
their fault that's all why do you have
him shoot you
pretend to shoot you for the sake of an
audience and wasn't watching
oh yeah well okay so that's the whole
movie but we do have to mention Cameron
Mitchell okay barely know this is this
is before the reveal that Joe is the
killer they go to Cameron Mitchell's
swinging pool party that he's having
it's really just Larry by this point
yeah yeah that's right Larry's the only
one that hasn't been killed in the squad
everybody's just getting thrown into
that pool but luckily they all have the
same super weakness which is as soon as
they enter the pool they're done they
just think it's back it out they're out
so much so that you can actually see one
of the stunt guys like in watching them
fail really he was on camera realizes on
camera he's like he like some of them
they thought the shot was over and they
started to get out there for the party
she didn't mean to be in the shot that
was an accident she wasn't expecting it
there was actual craft services I have
mr. Mitchell spike ah that's the thing
it feels like the whole movie is
building up towards Cameron Mitchell and
they just could smash he's done that's
the pattern though they get to they get
to get shot before they have a full
reveal once that's that's the strict
pattern that we cannot deviate from it's
like it's like the opposite of Run Lola
Run like different things can't happen
Oh God that's not it's that Terminator
movie where the universe blows up anyway
oh yes Terminator 3 yeah oh really no
fate but what you make thing F fuck
Ryan's babe we're gonna talk about we're
gonna talk about rides babe now thank
God it's not me no this is rich Evans
really oh yeah okay before before you
talk about it though can we can we talk
a little bit about our decision to watch
it it was just a wild card we expected
road movie boner comedy I mean you look
at that cover look at that cover comedy
thriller fuck does that mean comedy
thriller it's a comedy thriller yeah
haha our comedy thriller I'm finishing
like whatever whatever they described as
should end in question mark okay you're
buying wait
come on let's go
which explains me how am I supposed to
explain something that has no noticeable
structure start start from the beginning
okay go no let's let's explain it and
before we talking to how like
nonsensical and weird is the like as it
went along we kind of understood it a
little bit better
yeah so explain like a basic story
before we get into the weirdness just
the basic story is there there there is
a man named Ryan mm-hmm and when we
first meet him he's driving down the
road and a woman takes him hostage and
then they're just friends I'm sorry
that's not variable Ryan
what's happening we should be there by
10 o'clock in the morning so now they're
just friendly hey this is the greatest
case of Stockholm legitimacy and then
they have a pleasant dinner son-in-law
of the lights editor was taken at the
Kaiser a TV directly in for another
table evidence suggests it was Westgard
who heavily drugged his wife Christa the
senator's daughter to implicate her on
the murder of her mother so he could
inherit the atoms from family fortune
and then she hears on the news that
she's innocent of the crime she's been
accused of and then she just lets him go
so what do they say that has Russo upset
she's no longer she's an killer mom
sorry cool but yeah he's training it's
his car what we're not even ten minutes
into the movie please what is happening
and and then he he drives some more and
he meets somebody else and something
wacky happens and then he gets kidnapped
by somebody and then he goes somewhere
else and then he can enjoy some of them
every months have gone home and drugs
him and rapists is an exotic dancer
somewhere else and he has lunch and then
he goes somewhere else but his stalker
has lunch with his gonna go somewhere
else in the meantime he's at the Grand
Canyon and then he goes somewhere else
and then the movie ends but rich what's
his relationship with his stalker
he's completely indifferent towards her
until he decides he loves her I love you
with all my heart and soul I'm committed
willing and ready to do anything for you
Ryan why are you so polite when you're
different
this is really about Ryan and his wacky
roadtrip of doom cool classic wacky
roadtrip of doom is the best way to
describe this movie ready so the movie
obviously opens with a man about to
murder a woman in the woods I'm gonna
have some fun in our boner comedy I
would say no hints that the movies
supposed to be a comedy but I don't
think there's any hints that the movie's
supposed to be a comedy the whole way
through
no because it's not it's not a comedy
her security guard tries to murder her
not on her side and then she turns the
tables on him yes and and flees out and
that's where she meets up with Ryan and
she carjacks him Ryan who we don't know
who he is we don't know anything about
him at this point she just gets in his
car I assumed that this was gonna be
about them like forming the
relationships but that's just like a
little anecdote the setup is clear from
here right I mean she's taking in my
gunpoint all right he's gonna be our
hostage but they're gonna go on
adventures together and you know what
they're gonna get closed you know does
anybody remember the movie the chase
with Charlie Sheen yes yes that's what
it was going to be you know he kidnaps
Kristy Swanson and then they form a bond
but it's super accelerated because we
thought they would take some time well I
bet it turns out that she's completely
inconsequential because then she's out
of the movie forever right before the
Mafia mistakes him for another about the
fun and kidnaps him but because they
think he's a mafioso son then he leaves
the mafioso some in a truck and ends up
on the side of the highway which leads
to no who's next misadventure he gets
picked up by a truck where it's like
none of it really matters
matter matters I want to stop back to it
because we start in basically in the
middle of like at the beginning of act 2
and then we have to circle all the way
back around utilize this like yes I can
you know explain it by detail I'll come
back I'll be back in an hour when you're
still you're still talking about the
third segment in the movie I'll be
coming man if it's the segment which is
the forty second act which leads into
the twenty second act into the third act
fuck it you're in charge man you you
fucking you deal with it you do that
shit I don't need this my goddamn life
the inception flashback within a
flashback within a flashback before we
even know what's happening where we're
still with the the woman that holds him
hostage and then we cut to a flashback
of him and his bike getting run over
now you lost your girlfriend - do you
remember when he was kidnapped
yes I don't remember why wait what wait
wait what Oh is she faked it
wait is that what say hello is this an
eyelash back within a plugin yeah what I
think that's him when he's a kid
what oh yeah and he's remembering when
his bike got run over and that gives him
sympathy for the girl and then she
steals money because she's crazy to buy
him a bike Wow I think what the movie is
trying to say is that Ryan is enabling
her yeah by being like oh you fixed my
bike thank you we're gonna be friends
and the Neely's ought agreed I think
it's supposed to be that he's like kind
of enabling her like Weir's relationship
with it doesn't so poorly that it just
comes across like she's obsessed with
him yeah and he's dismissive I mean dawn
is assessed with him she's toxic she's
awful he's just trying to go out on a
date with his girlfriend and then she
comes by to get in the way yeah and then
and then we flash-forward this is
already in the flashback camp on a date
with his girlfriend and then she comes
by on her bike all right head to fear
with the date that's a good thing it's
hit by a car and then we flash that
we're not the flashback and she is
trying to commit suicide
do the sleeping pill alien obsessed
stalker girl tries tries to kill herself
in our boner comedy road there's no one
here oh oh and then her dad discovers
what's going on I want to see my little
girl he's somewhere in the city and I'm
gonna find that son of a bitch the best
performance I'm fulfilled is there an
Oscar for ADR your boy drove my little
girl to kill herself
remember the room that one live where
the moms like I have cancer not a big
deal yeah like that's the whole movie
that's that's the funny thing is we
watched the interview after with the
director and he talks about how like oh
we shot for the sake of like you know
keeping the production going along we
shot the whole movie about sound and we
dubbed it all later which it just was a
lot it's not horribly uncommon it's
usually done better please escort this
gentleman through the door wait whoa
what what he just said two peoples lines
he did
I'll have another drink no you're caught
off like that's that all happens in the
same mouth comes out of the same mouth
and then there's like and then there's
and then there's this lots of really
weird dialogue it should be pointed out
that the writer and director is an aged
Indian man no the Loretto director is an
alien planet is Tommy was so Neil breed
yes they've all come to earth to make
American movies and they don't oh they
really don't and they go for it 100%
yeah I wonder if this would be funnier
on second viewing because first viewing
we were mostly just baffled yeah
like I looked over at rich and it was
like like the exact same reaction you
had to Foust when there was like a gross
body horror happening where you're like
behind it just like that well it's like
we haven't and I don't even know if this
is something that we can vocalize there
is such a lack of internal logic to the
movie why Ryan gets from point A to
point B is never explained makes no
sense people the whole idea is that he
leaves Saskatchewan because the father
of the weird stalker suicidal girlfriend
who wants to kill him I'm still gonna
find your son of a bitch and kill him
the minute I see that son of a bitch I'm
gonna kill him when I find that son of a
bitch I'm gonna blow his head off when I
find that son of a bitch I'm gonna blow
his head off there's no overarching goal
he's not trying to get anywhere yeah
this leaves and random things happen to
him oh by the way keep the sweater
what it would it would be great if he
was like trying to accomplish something
while all this wacky stuff yeah yeah
yeah there's no I've got to get here
right that's it all these wacky
complications getting the wait like
every roadtrip movie ever that's all you
need one line I've got to get to my
sister's what no there's to go stumbles
into a storyline that then starts to
blossom and then the movie then stumbles
out of it just completely forgets it
exists and there's never there's never a
payoff for any of it it's just this part
is done
well now we need to talk about the
reoccurring themes that happened
throughout the movie the first one being
that the filmmaker has a piss obsession
he loves watching his lead actor piss in
awkward positions down on your knees no
that's not got the come on do you know
how being works why'd you make me go
down on my knees cuz it'll be harder for
you to run away
someone's got to be paying somebody
watching keep the door open somebody
watching or telling him how to piss yes
get down on your knees because it'll be
harder for you to escape when I watch
you piss don't close with or cuz I have
to see this yeah
beauty of the world the paragon of the
animals actually like an angel
but Ames did not have to piss I'm and I
love Shakespeare and I'm also watching
you keep the door open while you piss
and I talk about Shakespeare because at
the end at one point he's old but he's
about to piss he didn't have time to
piss he's got to move on I'm just I'm
trying I'm trying to catch up by the
other the other running theme is Ryan
being drugged ryan gets drugged five or
six times throughout this movie he
either gets a needle that makes him pass
out or he gets like a roofied he
hitchhikes he gets it in a truck with a
guy a truck driver
yeah who roofies him I know that I'm
sorry but the guy looked like my kid
brother Billy just gonna leave him on
the side of the highway but don't worry
about it I put the baby to sleep hey
buddy wait he drugged him but the drug
only lasted five seconds and the guy
says all right get out and then Ryan
starts working at a gas station diner
now he's gonna walk into the diner we
didn't see him walk into the diner he
just works there now it's just his life
these women say
the guy who hired him at the diner sure
I'm not entirely sure so he goes in this
apartment which is kind of furnished
again there's a bed and so he's those
girls from the diner show buddy Ken and
they're like hey motherfucker hit him
with a frying pan well no reason there
were in the cheerleader outfits and
masks masks I guess so give they also
drug him because that's the other drug
because he got a drug I want to cut his
dick off we should cut his dick off and
then we hang it here when he wakes up
he'll see the hanging dick who's gonna
tell his story to the police
Jenni's on her way over we should
probably wait for her the presence of
mind to bring him the rape victim before
they cut his dick off and she's like
whoa it's the wrong guy that guy had
like a half an inch of hair when I tried
to grab it there's no way he could have
grown this much hair in two days take
him out of state and dump him in the
mountains you know him
he's at the Grand Canyon and he says
well fuck I guess I'm here now I guess
I'll find another job and then and that
need befriends a prostitute with a small
child yep and then this is this is em
then and then and then and then
what is this what's happening was the
lottery what is happening where are you
also are you at your bar
did you win $20,000 at your bar the bar
you work at also you like your
girlfriend's is is breaking up with you
and is a hooker and doesn't like it and
it's having an abusive time like I why
it is happening you're expecting like a
setup and pay off thing he hit the scene
starts and he goes I won $20,000 and he
goes to enough dollars $20,000 to the
prostitute that he just med school took
her daughter hostage off and he killed
himself in the apartment off camera so
these characters are traumatized for
life this girl role as we're talking
about this I'm like this didn't happen
it's real you know this situation is a
little bit crazy for me I have to go
home and get into a relationship with my
stalker before he does that he says you
know what this is pretty fucking crazy
like you're a prostitute and your
husband just got murdered by the cops
I'm gonna go be a stripper so there will
be strippers
well that worked quick everyone rest
like you wait what they drugged him and
drugged him and put him in her room yeah
so this old lady raped him that's what
it looks like just like Mike he asked me
to stay around until after she was
married it's the only thing he asked me
before he died and you who are you is
this supposed to be a sentimental scene
yes is this supposed to I don't get what
any of these scenes are I better get
going no no okay couple you're in no
condition to go anywhere
let's just get some rest okay
that was insane that right there was the
most insane part of this movie like the
the sentimental conversation after she
drugged and raped him that he was ok
with yeah oh yeah well she's giving the
money ok so the end of the movie Orion
leaves whatever dumb bullshit he's in
and decides that he loves the the the
God he decides he wants to enabled the
suicide girl their entire relationship
yeah is incredibly unhealthy and I
thought that that was gonna be the
purpose of the movie is like she has a
Pathak obsession with him yeah to the
point where she's willing to steal
injure herself injured people around her
just for him like his experiences with
other troubled women have made him
realize that emotionally he needs to
keep his distance yeah or or maybe like
on her end like she's learned like oh I
took it too far I've acted
inappropriately yeah that's maybe just
be friends or it's important from top to
bottom of bad relationship messages so
you know if you're in if you know
someone that's that's really like creepy
unhealthy just give him a chance you
know what she will do anything for me
yeah I guess that's pretty good that's
true love and at the very least we don't
get the scene with them like embracing
at the end sure because right because we
don't get it because Ryan is a fucking
stupid motherfucker
he's gonna say no this time I just
learned his lesson and fuck you Ryan
you know you fuckin fucking Canada fuck
and this is the perfect fucking spot for
a great joke to just pull up and say hey
you're in trouble
shoo bye I've learned my lesson of all
guess who didn't learn shit
I'm gonna go walk into the other room
briefly just to see if something insane
happens don't do it something insane is
gonna happen okay
wasting cigarettes something is gonna
happen rich something insane it's gonna
happen does the movie know that you're
about to leave
something sane starting to happen
yeah the movie knows you know I I think
I think I figured it out
oh really I think this movie was made by
NASA okay this is I'm listening this is
like they took about 20 different movies
and put them in a vacuum chamber and and
sealed them all up for like the
astronauts to consume in space because
you take all these movies you suck all
of the details and air out you compress
an entire movie into a two-minute
vignette yeah and then you just get them
all on one DVD so the astronauts can
bring them all we get a hostage movie we
get a love story we get the Magic Mike
esque strip club sequence if we just let
this out in the air for a bit it's kind
of expanding to about 20 just a little
superstitious all right don't listen to
her this car I don't like this color
green I like color green there's a blue
car I feel incredibly bad for demon warp
Ryan's babe I feel incredibly bad for us
was a little try dancing was a little
life-changing for me like I feel like me
with another level it was like
discovering it was like it like a
scientist discovering a new life-form I
mean I knew a new species and then after
they have been like oh that's a turtle
I've seen the turtle that's a kind of a
weird-looking turtle but is just a
turtle I've been I've been to outer
space and back and now oh now I'm in a
McDonald's this is
this is my fun Mars yeah I think I think
what I said while we were watching
maybe there's while watching demon war
if I was cuz we were talking about Lord
of the Rings off-camera earlier and it's
like it's like the end of Return of the
King when they're all they go back to
the pub nobody around us understands
what we don't know very much we're
changing some heal some wounds will
never heal yeah that that's this movie
this is mountain doom and this is this
going back to the little Hobbit
community and you know it's nice we all
feel the warmth but we're just not the
same yeah
I really feel like after this like this
and surviving edge weapons I feel like
we're really winding down the shows so
you're saying this this is this is the
last episode of half on the bag that
we'll ever do or best of the worst
episode of half in the bed you know what
I'm saying
this is the last episode of half of the
bag I'm ever gonna be done I'm done I
quit
here at the end of all things
you don't even know how to start this
damn Jack why are you talking about
demon work yet the demon warp has some
stuff going for it but maybe if this was
our first movie tonight like demon war
but bah kill squad come in and coming
off the heels of Ryan's babe it was it
was almost just adorable like oh did
they had a Bigfoot it was why
Mima demon warp is the middle forty
minutes of the movie are just the most
adorable remake of suburban sasquatch
so like the basic story of demon warp is
there's a Bigfoot running around in the
woods
what's george kennedy get and his
daughter get attacked by the bigfoot and
then a group of kids happens to be
renting the same cabin later on that
cabin by the way we got to point out
it's the same Kevin from Friday the 13th
part for the final chapter connection
like people behind the scenes oh yeah
this this movie is credited story by
John Biegler who is John Carl Biegler
who directed Friday the 13th
7
he's mostly known as a special effects
guy but he's connected then the part 7
not part 4 now part 4 interesting comes
to media the defects for part 4 but it's
hilarious to think that John beekler one
day was just like oh what if there was
Bigfoot's but they were aliens yeah
that's basically it
what if there were Bigfoots but they
were aliens so by the movie that's the
movie and they have zombies oh and they
have zombie henchman and they're where
Bigfoot's yes it's like a hodgepodge
yeah well let's let's not although all
the weird elements we shouldn't prop up
too much because that's in the last
lines way and it's in the movie the most
most of the movie is people wandering
around in the woods it's it's my least
favorite be movie trope when when when
you'd when you can't get access to nice
locations and you can't build nice sets
you just have all your actors wander
around the woods for free for most of
your movies it's a nice cheap place to
film it's always terrible it's
disappointing in this movie because it
starts off pretty ok yeah we get a
decent Bigfoot we get a little bit of
action a little bit of you know boobage
we get we get characters right out of
Friday the 13th part for Friday the 13th
part for cabin yeah there's some boobs
there's some showering there's some even
40 40 dudes yeah even before that
there's some quality acting we get
George Kennedy brings some quality
acting yeah just just enough to bring
you into the movies fucking George
Kennedy yes there's a thing out here
it took my little girl
I wasn't prepared to stop at that mode
and we should point out that he's also
wearing the same outfit that he wears in
Creepshow to I think this is this his
own clothes
showed up to set and they didn't give
him they didn't give him any other
wardrobe they gave him a hat they gave
him a note yellow you know they wrote to
why he wore his ugly yellow hat he's
just wearing that anyway you just saw
what that is like honey out I'm ready
for it now that's why I wear this yellow
hat to make it easier for it to see me
because I've got traps all over the
place there's a setup
and then there's wandering around in the
woods we're still introducing characters
at least a few characters into this
wandering into the woods part so it's
not 100% just the same people wandering
around for a while yes new people
wandering around in the woods it's our
old people wandering around and then
there's a whole lot of our new person
running away from
but we get we get we get we get a couple
of girls that our hat is super excited
to go to this pot farm but the pots gone
don't get it there was a whole cup here
plentiful patch of pleasure he called it
one of those two women was Michelle
Bower yeah who is a pretty well-known
b-movie scream queen actress from the
80s who has the best scene of the movie
by the way what's the matter
well you know Betsy you said someone's
gonna make a killing on this - I kind of
hoped it would be us
not even a response just immediately
yeah I guess I could take well well the
director says I know this scene anyway
talking
that's that shrug of like well this is
why I'm in the movie but she aside from
George Kennedy she's the most well known
actress in the movie if he's not even
credited in the opening credits I
thought that was so she's not she's not
a name draw like our entire name draw is
George Kennedy which is weird to me when
you think of like the people that run
and would be like demon warp
it's like teenagers yeah they grow into
the video store they're not like oh the
new George Kennedy movie no 13 year old
is excited about the latest George
Kennedy flick we're like some VHS
there's like whoa I get to see Michelle
Bauer's boobs again
exactly totally like as a kid I would be
excited about that I would not be
excited about George Kennedy
didn't meet that huh so he's not killing
for food he's just killing for fun I
guess this is a beer budget center of a
sasquatch basically why does it fuck is
this called demon warm I have a question
yeah his suburban Sasquatch ruined us
for all Bigfoot movies yes
the entire middle part where they're
going through we're going through the
forest every time the big front screen
both of you are just like we have a
really impressive Bigfoot costume yes
it's got it's got a really nice face
it's a delayed no it's got an
articulated mouth but we could not stop
going well we get one moment in the
middle of the movie where a character
finds like a zombie yeah yeah which I
loved
it was interesting cuz it's like oh oh
assam be like that's weird it's like you
cross a Romero zombie with a voodoo
zombie so eventually our hero after the
Bigfoot kills some people finds one of
his lady friends who has been zombiefied
yes and he follows her here well her eye
is dislocated it's bad news she's dead
we don't know if she's dead she's dead
so he follows her to a cave that is full
of zombies well it's full of people in
cheap Halloween costumes
and and they show them close-up good
lighting that they are just rubber man
it's like a in army of darkness they
have like that really cheap masks then
they put in the background and then you
have a good mix in the foreground
yeah was a really good looking mask in
the background that I get it completely
wrong I was in makeup for eight hours I
was just was just sitting quietly in the
background no one tell me what we should
point out speaking of that it's like oh
you accidentally catch one of the good
masks in the background there is a
sequence right before this with our our
hero wear it like pans over and it looks
like a crew member is just in the
background on the shot but it is someone
like it's not just like a crew member
gonna hope it's someone dressed all in a
white shining a big beacon on themselves
look they're even it's very weird
they're just like sitting there
he shoots one of them who turns into a
human a human great that was something
we were not expecting and that was like
that was definitely a tangent that could
have like gone for that like timewise
like leaned a little bit further
backwards we needed that type of
information to be given to us earlier
yeah because that's that was a total
shock and a really interesting idea oh
this is cool yeah so so then we go even
deeper into the cave to find out that
this zombies are being controlled by an
alien with a metal hook hands and a 300
year old priest yeah
these zombies are collecting technology
to rebuild the alien spaceship so the
alien can go back home not only that
they're done Brian they're all set and
the Bigfoot is a where Bigfoot created
by the venom of the stinger of the
aliens yeah
it's got fine ideas but it is completely
ruined by spending half of the running
time wandering around the world right
right the ideas are there the execution
okay so we've reached that point I'm
taking it go go really go ahead all
right okay you waited too long all right
so here's our three movies rich best of
the worst
Bryan's babe it was thinking a weird
saying right I do but it was it was it
was a wonderful kind of confusion that
kind of left me on the edge of my seat
yeah well Josh this is hard
is it the long standing the
long-standing credo is most entertaining
for whatever whatever ease I was not
entertained by this movie okay even
though it was so blindingly weird that
it had my intention but I wasn't
entertained that was mostly infuriated
George I think I've gotta go with
killsquad hmm because of the lockstep
patterns like pulled me in like like a
good pop song the repetition just drew
me in sure sure just call me maybe
overnight it's catchy like that's the
worst equivalent of a really solid pop
song yeah yeah so I'm gonna go with
killsquad right it's only fair okay
that's totally fair with killsquad and I
could tell I think any other night
killsquad would have it but I do feel
after watching Ryan's babe and then
finding out that the babe attempted
suicide was that the babe we still don't
know who the baby boy is the babe yes
j-j-joey was going
home together to the babies multiple
babies though that lasts the whole film
she's the ultra girl another one who
stalked him is creepily obsessed with
him and tried to commit suicide that's
the base all right
needs to be framed it needs to be put in
a museum yeah yeah I'm also gonna go
with Ryan's babe yep um Rhines babe is
up there with on the back there's some
what is it Canucks ploy tation calm yep
airs it to the room I would also compare
to the room I think it needs multiple
viewings to really because look what
we're watching you were just like what
the fuck yes but now we know what we're
getting into I feel like it might be
funnier on repeat viewings
oh the dialogue is so fucking weird the
situation's are so weird
everything about it is just so like the
best bad movies it feels like it was
made by an alien they're all made by
foreign guys that makes a Millbury
doctor oh yeah we didn't even mention
that this guy's a PhD but ya know right
Ryan's baby is one of the most baffling
things we've ever done the best of the
worst
and and so for that I gotta give it to
Ryan's baby also spent a special notice
that this is a fairly recent movie made
in the thousands No
yeah it's heartwarming to me when when
we find something that's more recent cuz
that just means we will never ever run
out as recently as eighteen years ago
right now somewhere in the world you
don't know it almost certainly yeah I
don't think any of us want to destroy
you know no it was my least favorite row
but I think the twists are enough yeah
there's enough interesting stuff in it I
think all three of these movies were
pretty good yeah yeah there it was it
was overall in entertaining night Ryan's
babe though like that brought us to new
that was like the end of 2001
when I find that son of a bitch Ryan
I'll be looking everywhere for you I
need to be here
I have another one Jim no more today
bill please escort this gentleman to the
door but normally no lectures now get
the hell up before they throw you
