Hologram Man, Faust, and Blood Street
April 13, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-hologram-man-faust-and-blood-street/

Ullrich Evans so Jay are you ready to
shoot another best of the worst
I am ready Jay what's what's the deal
today oh we have a whole new gimmick for
this episode reg I know how much you
love the gimmicks no no what's the
gimmick this time Jay the gimmick is
absolutely no gimmicks well rich on
beautiful VHS we have a hologram man and
we're going to spit a giant roulette
wheel to determine whether or not we
watch that we're just gonna watch it
just watch it here read the box
Oh
Gallagher Evan Evan Lori double impact
well he is a mad psycho terrorist and
what is his name slash Gallagher so he
smashes watermelons with a machete okay
is brought to justice by rookie cop Kurt
Dakota Joel Laura from Steel frontier
that they could just be making these up
convicted slashes prison term is to be
served in the meanest form of detainment
holographics stasis his mind and soul
are stored on a computer while his
twisted brain is to be reprogrammed
slashes gang of killers intent on
freeing their leader break his mind and
soul separately separately then these
two different things there's gonna be
like yeah two different movies having
some happening simultaneously your mind
a soul and a brain and this movie treats
all of these things as being different
yes out of the computers clutches but
his body is destroyed now he stalks the
streets as an electromagnetic hologram
able to walk through walls and with no
nerve bullets
flashes the power of a god oh my god the
only man who can bring him down is the
cop who put him away
did coda how does being a hologram give
him God powers I don't know how can you
even touch anything you can get in the
bank but then you can't grab your head
just goes through shit I did not think
this through
so now they're gonna reprogram his soul
to put back into his body fraid it know
they can take it out of soul so they can
reprogram his brain before they put a
soul back in the reprogrammed brain this
is very company oh you know this oh my
get him sir have you come up with a way
to kill him no I can eat whatever I have
in my hands here Faust love of the
Damned
yes well Faust this is a movie we
ordered because we saw the trailer
before some other movie on best of the
worst it happens a lot
yeah Jeffrey Combs isn't this Andrew
diva-off was the wishmaster isn't this
and Mark Frost who co-created Twin Peaks
is in this did he fart something
reminded me of a David Lynch film and I
just got so excited I've heard it what
happens when an ordinary man is so
deeply hurt that to take revenge he is
capable of doing absolutely anything
even sell his soul to the devil so this
is spawn yeah that's like spawn yeah
when John Jasper's girlfriend is
brutally murdered he vows to avenge her
death any way he can when the mysterious
M appears and offers a solution John
hastily agrees and signs the deal
mephistopheles that's what the M stands
for yeah I thought it stood for
McFarland suddenly John has powers he
can't even control much less understand
the violent urges the razor-sharp claws
the constant pain and the pulsating scar
on the palm of his hand his constant
reminder that everything has its price
welcome to the nightmare of the 21st
century that's just the slogan for the
real world No oh my god it's the mask oh
boy oh yes Jane missing everything Oh
God
it's all costume oh no look like the
mask now somebody stop me oh my god
my rich our last film the
much-anticipated sequel to low blow
blood street it looks like a low blow
his hair is about the fly off when he's
doing this kick here because it is this
is more action than ease that he did it
all in low blow so why don't you tell us
about blood Street before I say anything
on I have one major major worry this is
a nice car Oh Ludlow shouldn't drive a
nice car or no he needs his piece of
shit
blood streets fast-paced action since
the mean streets of San Francisco ablaze
Joe Wong Leo Fong hey I'm trying
they're worried he wouldn't respond to
it he made the movie and he's worried he
won't respond to a name that's not a
zone yes it sounds similar feeling so he
remembers to react to it yeah
his streetwise private investigator
hired by the seductive Vanna Macdonald
Playboy centerfolds Kim Paige to trace
the mysterious disappearance of her
husband what seems to be a routine case
quickly turns the streets bloody red
with violence as Joe unwittingly steps
into a lethal crossfire between the two
biggest drug lords in history Joe soon
realizes that it was Vanna herself who
orchestrated the entire bloodbath
spoiler and it's up to him alone to find
the courage to bring justice back to the
streets of San Francisco action
sequences directed by world karate
champion Jorge Chun I just want to know
who directed the the scenes with Rod
Stewart
still don't know what you're talking
about then let me refresh your memory
I think that's the knife Oh God what
wait was that an accident little piece
of film got caught in between the scenes
not stylistic anything
fucking I'm not taking any chances on
today's episode of best of the worst
don't you want to drive fast no no I
don't want to do it totally and I don't
want to describe the other two I don't
want anything to do with that so I'm
taking charge I'm stepping in okay and
and fuck it might tell us about hologram
man the first movie we watched on
today's episode well rich this is a
Richard Pepin film so that's the lead
actor from oh fuck I ruined it
that's the lead actor from Battlefield
Earth is this name like Barry Pepper or
something
oh yes that actor that we're two movies
and then vanished that is nowhere near
close to Richard Pepin - in order to be
remotely funny but there was a real good
try he played for the the Charlotte
Hornets right if this is a sports
reference you're somebody tipping
Charlotte Hornets and not fucking
fucking Michael Jordan's right-hand man
the Bulls won six championships in five
years the sports guy all I can remember
is like NBA Jam on the Super Nintendo
and I thought I remembered Scottie
Pippen and Patrick Ewing on the Hornets
I'm happy to say we're sitting on the
non embarrassing side of the table and
you're sitting next to rich off the
rails already I haven't even started
talking about hologram man at 50% of the
panel have already embarrassed themself
okay and not rich Evans now jack is
where I have Star Trek t-shirt hologram
and a hologram man
hologram man sucks stars Joe Lara
no a nobody you've reading the back of
the box because you don't remember what
happened okay you do the the blender
yeah the blender this is this is a
demolition man meets lawn mower man
meets I would say a little bit of
Holloman but that's a later film so got
the scratch that off meets Robocop meets
there was one more speed
well there was a bus bus gets taken over
wasn't speed wasn't the one no darkman
darkman yeah so a bunch of a bunch of
films put together the premise is
convicted criminal his name is slash
Gallagher I kept one McCombs Slade
Craven but thanks from another movie
watch what's turbulence turbulence three
high voltage where does that movie
called turbulence three is it high volt
no is cranked to high-ranked to high
voltage turbulence three high velocity
turbulence turbulence three turbulence
yeah I said that already I think that's
what the title actually was anyway it
doesn't matter the main character's name
is is slash Gallagher yes which we had
said he smashes water mounts with a
guitar yeah while wearing a top hat and
he does have the hair he resembles
Jonathan Davis the lead singer of corn /
Gallagher is a criminal / revolutionary
who wants to take down the government
and he is imprisoned and the the new
form of taking care of inmates is to to
take out their soul with the mission
and put into the Austin Powers mojo too
because I have his mojo they operate on
the brain to rewire the brain so it's no
longer criminal and then they put the
soul back in and they rehabilitate the
prisoner as we see in an example scene
it worked on that guy but then when
Slade Craven comes in front of the jury
or whatever the parole board Holograms
becoming real a real hologram calls a
guy an intellectual sphincter yes I
think is a great insult I'm gonna use it
someday probably on you so Slade Craven
cannot be rehabilitated and eventually
his friend Larry Darrell and Daryl the
other brother Darryl he was a computer
genius steals his soul from the computer
the hack and then he gives him life as
an autonomous hologram
don't worry you're given every chance
back putting out an APB for a hologram
we have yourselves a pails of water
there's a Maine cop who looks just like
him that's the problem I cannae with
long hair yeah they're both they're both
yeah they're both kind of buff guys with
long hair you bet you make one blond you
give you've one of them short hair you
give you have one of them like a big
beard
I mean spoilers for the end of the movie
they both become hologram men and
they're fighting and they just look like
the same person
like why do their Holograms have
ponytails well when you're a hologram
man though you get all these neat powers
like you can you can walk through walls
and you're you're you just you can
electrocute people and shoot out
fireballs
you're also intangible no one completely
any tangible so the bullets go right
through you but then they just put on
these rubber suits that nullify all of
these advantages they get well know that
and they look like normal humans they
put on these rubber suits which you know
are you were also in vulnerable and we
could only assume you live forever
because you're just pure energy yet
Slade Craven really wants his body back
because if I know slash tonight you know
what his body back
not very nice you did to my body but we
can all agree the script is just fucking
terrible oh yeah it is just it's just a
mishmash of all these ideas and nothing
makes sense obviously it's a bad script
they just made it up
right around the time when they were
going for the body I was thinking in my
brain oh yeah his body is somewhere
right why is it the comp using that as a
bargaining chip yeah hey slate I got
your body here I'm just gonna blow its
brains out unless you stop your nonsense
and then the script thought of the body
too at the same time it's like the
screenwriter was writing it he was 75
yeah oh yeah the body of the cop just
goes there and shoots the body again
it's like that like number one first
thing yeah he's running around he's a
crazy out of control hologram
where's his fucking body well that's the
biggest problem with this movie is the
script because nothing makes any sense
and it all feels like it's being made up
as it goes along which is disappointing
because there's some legitimate
production value like there's so much
there are so many like explosions and
squibs
well there's like the opening action
seam goes on for like 20 minutes and
that's before we even realize the movie
was supposed to take place in the future
it's also it's also disappointing with
the rest of the movie cuz that opening
action stuff is like like incredibly
vulgar and violin like there's tons of
sweary and like Slade Craven it's just
saying like fuck every other word no
yeah in our lead action hero his
catchphrase which is shit which he says
when his partner dies this is clever
catchphrase for all the guns and
shooting and cops that this movie has
nobody has even the most basic knowledge
of how to operate in like a crisis
situation like even I would know okay I
should probably duck and cover behind
this thing
don't get don't pull your cop car up and
run around to the front of your cop car
or just run at people without any cover
whatsoever
yeah they were there were in tactical
get mowed down formation yeah they were
they were like this is this is how an
evil corporation was able to take over
the government in the future okay the
cops are just so so incompetent that the
corporation that is not OCP just comes
right in takes control my favorite part
of his transition into adulthood was a
little bit of white that they put into
his hair and was here that he has in
some scenes but not others inconsistent
beard stubble is a medical condition
that affects 30 percent of adult males
change bald males of all men know of all
males they said bald because they say
he's now bald in Los Angeles that's just
a side effect of Smaug the dragon from
the Hobbit movies mm-hmm no that's may
remember the Denny's Hobbit meals they
have that for the new Han Solo film
they're doing a Denny's cross promotion
oh my god I was hoping it was Han Solo
Hobbit meals han solo's hobbit hole
there's been a picture going around of a
villain and it's like a lobster a guy
with a lobster and lobster claws and
it's called like like like crazy mixes
or punch it's like a real thing
I'm gonna fight okay okay
what's that has to be fake it's a
lobster it's not even like like um
that's a face uh
Akbar Akbar yeah Lemar music Mon
Calamari um but this is literally a
lobster another gag that makes sense yes
they probably just came up with a bunch
of Dells it's a bunch I'm all yours lock
notice we're talking about anything but
hologram man a therm scissor punch this
machine simply makes polymer motors it's
a tight prehensile rubber the polymers
suit can be shaped into any kind of
human you want that they they make a
point of mentioning okay like dark man
you can look like anyone now they have I
don't know how they figure that though
because they have this giant it's like a
big awkward contraption it's just like a
play-doh press yeah it's it's like a
giant mold that that hologram man has to
get into and then it goes around him and
they close it and then so it pours the
liquid latex around him and but they say
like you can look like anyone now it's
like Oh what are they gonna do with this
oh nothing they're ignoring ya doesn't
do anything with it but I mean okay
we'll look aside for the whole idea that
a machine can suck your soul out put it
in a tube right while technicians rewire
your brain so that they could put your
soul back in and you live in a hologram
world I'm okay with that but when it
came to the the machine that made the
rubber body like that's where you had
issues that's where I started to have it
well it gets worse yeah it gets worse
the machine with that like the the the
new heart guy explains that he's got
this very big contraption and then and
and then he comes out of it and he has
hair yeah yeah he has teeth beard
stubble uh-huh no no that's explained it
they did have a very nice like seam yeah
that was cool that was fun that was
a detail right but then it really goes
off the rails when they this is this is
what the point I brought up before about
the screenwriters just writing shit oh
the hero cop is a is a ghost now he
turns into a hologram at the end of the
movie yeah this is your skin he's gotta
look perfectly human yeah yeah well he
won't look like the the bird cover his
torso what this is pretty good with the
air bus she even got the stubble oh god
I wanted to do with this so stupid
at least with with the bad guy they have
this whole contraption like this this
mold
but she's just like what poor in latex
on this hologram she recreates what they
did with this like more much more
sophisticated technology how does she do
the herald yeah great well that looked
exactly like she's painting out his skin
but it has a close-up of his perfectly
sculpted beard stubble it's like how did
you paint individual hairs lady a better
question is why does she spend the time
to do any of this is there any purpose
to this other than silly didn't have to
have a hologram effect for the whole
movie yes she could she could touch him
my guess is that well if she does touch
him they fought apparently I thought the
rubber kept that from happening
will he have it a little bit this is the
cheap rubber they are gonna have a sex
how is he gonna have sex did you paint
his dick - oh god she didn't she painted
his day
there's there's numerous ways to improve
the script yeah it's like like watching
like like a two-year-old like Drossel
Mike like oh you're trying to draw the
Sun it's a fucking circle just like
anything anything will help
do not juice good I ghost cop her
hologram cop uses his special superpower
to look like the president of space
that's right and then cover himself with
another layer of latex that his
girlfriend meticulously painted all the
details on so that he when he ripped off
the president of space he was hero cop
underneath I don't know how she did it
but she did it if you would spray latex
on latex it would just stick you put a
layer of baby powder there you go
how was she able to paint the contours
so they look like the president of
spaces face contours what'd you do with
all of his hair it's just like smooshed
into a ball like the president of space
is just this giant humpback come back
I'd say it to my face tumor what do you
look all fucked up should have been like
like our shorts and Egger and the woman
in drag what's wrong with you sir man
that's a good movie good I was thinking
the exact fucking the same thing man
that's good so recall quality fluid
that's the shit this side of the table
thinks alike is that the expression I
don't like this stay on your side of the
table I'm gonna put a line here build a
wall
we're gonna build a wall and Jay is
gonna pay for it
crikey I've lost my mojo
you
all right well how the grand man is done
keep it going going say we're here
talking about faucet Oh
haze mug the desolation of desolation
man you know I'm not gonna lie this
movie melted my brain so much I can't
remember the details of the plot it's
essentially spawn just way more fucked
up and kinky and the last act goes off
the rails its spawn Meets The Crow meat
sub from beyond from beyond yeah well
that's the thing this is directed by
Brian use know who produced sir animator
and from beyond and he directed movies a
bride of re-animator and society which
I'm not gonna say anything more about I
always say watch that movie without
knowing anything about it
but it's a Skye he sells his soul to the
devil and becomes a superhero
rotation physically he looks like Bible
man and that was the most shocking part
of the movie yes it movie full of
shocking things and anti Bible he
becomes the entire Bible man no one can
steal the redeem from Jesus care that
means there are no lost causes in God's
eyes it feels like a movie that was like
shot as one thing and then re edited as
something else because there's lots of
quick cuts there's lots of like metal
music right off the get-go this movie
starts off kind of like slow and arty
yeah and and downbeat and you know
there's a guy he's crying over the death
of somebody we have no idea what's going
on it feels like a scene that was taken
from later in the movie that they just
moved to the beginning
these credits do not match the
proceedings
wake up dickhead sunflower
and it kicks you in the fucking face
Faust is here it goes curse of the wolf
on it goes focus this is the Faust curse
of the house that's what I knew this is
gonna be something good yeah I assume
most of this is based on the success of
spawn other or the Tod McVie know the
character that's a tad McFarlane era
and then we wondered because there were
moments where it felt like there like
there should have been horrifying gore
or that it was edited yeah and then it
felt like an edited down yeah look this
is not written to make it not some kind
of weird gory horror movie but to turn
it into a superhero yes exactly
what's the matter
it wasn't edited for content necessarily
- you know to not make it be an R it was
edited to make it more like a spa change
the tone to change the tone which feels
like a very futile effort given all the
weird fucking shit yeah still in the
giant satanic ending yeah
or the puddle of boob I I think your
theory gets kicked right out the door as
soon as the horny lady gets turned into
a literal puddle of tits and ass I can't
let you expire just yet now can I did he
just make her a tit puddle I think that
was one thing that they filmed and
they're like we get rid of that we spent
so much time on that
goats bazaar don't watch the screen and
just watch my expression I swear to god
it's gonna be gold whatever your
expression is if you pan over to me I'm
probably like probably like I've watched
most of this movie and just utter horror
it's a relatively kind of well-made and
sort of like conventional b-movie with
just enough miscalculations to make
certain parts of it very very funny
especially the lead performance he's
like me underwears guy from the room
too much blood or not enough
it looks like fire marshal bill that's
like oh no no but yeah I think it was a
like a hindsight thing where they look
back and they go do you remember when
when this was a lady doctor says I
wanted to fuck you from the first time I
saw you remember do you remember what he
looked like the first time she saw him
she was his doctor and he was in a
padded cell
and he looked like a lunatic I'm not
part of that he was writing on the wall
with his own blood cross-eyed no the
first time I saw him I wanted to fuck
him oh that says a lot more about you
than it doesn't want him lady well it's
also weird because when he first sells
his soul to the devil and the devil's
will not the devil but the devil's
whatever minion is played by wishmaster
mm oh the feast Elise yeah what was his
name the feast Elise that's not right
that's not try again
metal stop Elise Oh take that Mike oh
you get are you gonna put it in a
caption and be saying it right a little
gold star next to it
meth will stop police like a scoreboard
like a chalkboard and it's gonna have
like the line down the middle rich and
Mike little marks on it I thought you
were gonna struggle with that for a
while like couple hours we'd be here so
for me I mean you know it's not the
easiest word to say I could tell you
Jasper's has become a threat to an
important ceremony which a group through
a weird collection of villains lots of
weird-looking people there's there was a
little person there was an elderly lady
there was a goofy looking Asian dude it
reminded me of the
the doctor evil like round table of all
the yeah that was super old lady look
like super old fro for business this is
bordering on goofy yeah and that's why I
like poor hurry cross the line you got a
midget sitting next to from Robeson and
then they pan around there's like
there's a black lady with like a glowing
crystal and there's a no and the
wishmaster has bleached blonde slicked
back hair there's no border in goofy
this this movie was jumping back and
forth while naked covered in grease so
it's it's like David Cronenberg meets
black cougar yes the elite super
villains at the end and that's what rich
is getting that it's kind of right
that's kind of perfect it is perfect
we're no body pervert stuff with kind of
bad and silly action yeah yeah you know
I I see a lot of parallels with this and
from beyond yeah you have Jeffrey Combs
making an evil turn you have creatures
from beyond invading you have your your
doctor lady who gets seduced by the dark
side it's there there there's a lot of
parallels which i think is neat what do
you think was gonna happen when he play
metal music he had suppressed rage
because that that's what the guy put on
when they are murdering his girlfriend
yeah and she had also suppressed
emotions about her being raped by her
father when is 11 this is and this is
where a good story this is what is weird
and fucked up yeah yeah I'd like to see
want to talk
oh hey Pavan talk about it let me taste
this is about weird smell say
this is this is listen yea this is odd
cause she's fantasizing about the
monster that raped her right jello head
we discovered about halfway through the
movie that's the female is she the
psychologist of the Faust care yeah
therapist therapist whatever she is we
discover in a flashback that she was
like molested by your dad she was raped
by your dad and she's tried to suppress
this memory the tables turn and the
second half of the movie where now the
witch masters assistant woman is wearing
like just like latex BDSM stuff her
whole thing is she's like the embodiment
of like temptation and lust she is just
always horny always looking to fuck
she's a self-proclaimed whore right
ah
and so yes she is not just torturing she
is sex torturing yeah as a like a
psychological tool
it's so fucking weak it triggers her
emotions I mean she's she's it makes her
confront this past right her father
raping really
she's in like a fucking Iron Maiden
thing and I don't know where they got
all this stuff and she's like yeah and
then and then it but but that pays off
at the end psychology dr. lady gets put
on the altar and wishmaster he says I'm
going to impregnate you but he and here
was the the big eyebrow raiser where
what say what say she's checking out
what saves the day at the end of thighs
child not quite
you should have done your homework I
can't have children when I was right but
I was just 11 the damage was noni Mendel
I try for the impossible rape saved the
day her dance was so big it destroyed
her why'd she cleverly use that to her
advantage to save the technique this
said I'm on birth control
it isn't completely given up the pretext
that this is a superhero thing you mean
when the demon orgy starts
the moment I tasted revenge by fate and
C and then Faust it cuts to him at the
original moment on the bridge oh yeah
that was confusing when he made the deal
with the devil and then he jumps off the
bridge and a dot and he dies and then it
cuts to him dead like almost like a time
travel thing was just some kind of
metaphor thing I think he actually died
from the bullets he got shot with
earlier that didn't kill him when he had
Faust hours okay it's very artistic in
this movie that also has a scene where
snake comes out of a woman's belly
button and then gets shoved down Jeffrey
combs his throat I saw it as more of a
modern retelling of It's a Wonderful
Life
it's a horrible wife it's a wonderful
job well clearance every time a bell
rings Shaitan gets a boner
yeah yeah
next we watched blood Street yes a blood
Street is a very special movie and that
I think Jack is the only human being on
this planet who could even come close to
telling you what the fuck happened all
of my superpowers even though I just
hate that I have to follow up Faust
with Audrey sighs I'm sorry you're the
only man for the job and you know what I
you would think that this would be a bit
of a disappointment after puddle but Leo
funcles it out again fight Holly actress
in the film said none other uterus has
work anymore oh okay well okay for
anyone that doesn't know we watched a
movie called low blow and this is the
sequel to low blows so we're gonna call
his character low blow
are you gonna start talking about God no
I've been putting it off okay no it's
like the story is so simple it's it's uh
it's it's detective knew our fan fiction
starring Joe Fung in which he only oh
yeah Joe watch look Carol Lee is a Mary
Sue I'm sorry
Leo Fong starring as Joe Long who is no
globe
get it together how can I ever confuse
the things so he's a hard-boiled
detective he's a private detective and a
sexy lady comes and whips out at it and
says find my husband this is a real she
then puts a tip back in and so I think
next he goes into a bar and murders goes
into a bar with the express purpose of
ordering a Shirley Temple Shirley Temple
Matt's a little boys drink but you're
not old enough to drink cane
that's why you drink of the Shirley
Temple and tell you then he goes to more
places there's more murdered heat
murdered there's a little murder
everywhere he goes he leaves a trail of
blood behind it's not like it kills
everyone it's pretty casual just every
now and then knowing I have no
recollection I'm sorry I can't help you
well it's a formula it's it's a punch
guy punch guy and or kick guy murder guy
murder some someone that's in the room
pretty casual and laid-back is that he
doesn't make a big deal out of it the
cops don't make a big deal out of it
yeah the owners of the establishments
don't seem to care just dead bodies
piling up they don't want him to replace
that dart though yeah it's got some boys
just clean it off you know
so while low blow is looking for the
husband there is dueling drug lords and
their hench people including Nighthawk
yes night hon night night night from
kill point kill plate
and don't bleed over my car yeah which
is not which is a little phone movie but
it is not low blow he's now putting the
same carrier yeah he might as well be
playing the same character but he's not
night hog is is maybe my favorite he's
so cool is it Nighthawk or is it Eddie
Murphy don't play dumb with okay we got
some money we won't buy some stuff you
want to do deal we could do a deal I
mean the best Eddie Murphy impersonator
round don't think any Murphy's in my
movie - Leo funk sound like a sleazy
producer he sounds like Eddie Murphy he
looks like Eddie Murphy he's wearing
full leather outfits he and we found out
after movie we looked up he's a stunt
coordinator not for this movie though
not movie but he's a stuck war nail Fong
was the stunt coordinator for this movie
he's done a ton of movies and he has
never been any Murphy stop fuckin
standin right or even his friend he
tried once and any perfect song fuck off
okay so low blow murders people to find
the husband and as it turns out the
husband is getting constant massages and
slapping black women around yeah and and
Nighthawk is not having this not having
that you slap all these other biddies
not that yeah I'm gonna wreck your world
and then McDonald that's the husband Mac
Donald is is the husband who's played by
man who's doing an Italian accent who
looks Italian who sounds like Joe
Mantegna
put a deuce on him and it's played by a
German actor we know that because the
end credits of the movie they say what
where all the actors are from for some
bizarre reason as hard to follow as the
movie is that is the most baffling but
nothing has wrecked me more than listing
the city and state that's very strange
McDonald's the husband we're looking for
is actually one of the drug wars which
we would have known if they had if I
guess if we'd been paying attention it
showed us a picture of what the husband
would look like what leo fought hey
there's one scene where Leo Fong is in
the far distance it's like a comedy shot
and he's like like posing on a rock and
then he walks up the big bad guy and
he's like have you seen this man and we
can't really like what are we looking at
like I haven't seen that man and then
they just punch
solid
and then Leo fungus walks back where he
came from and it's all one shot and it's
a beautifully choreographed they're
filming without permits yeah okay so as
we as we go down our our detective
spiral here the low blow rabbit hole as
they call it that's exactly what they
call it in film school when you when you
take your semester on low blow yeah
that's that make no sense
low blow effects Leo Falls dementia who
teaches that class the partners guy let
me tell you why this part makes total
sense while low blow is searching for
McDonald who is a drug dort lord getting
massages over 1 billion crack sold I get
it how terrible you don't it's great
that gets a check mark - so like liking
it so bad it comes back around the check
mark I like it I like it we are into it
so uh massages low blows looking for
husband on the other side of the
spectrum we have Rob Stewart who is
running a underground boxing fight ring
in his living room so isn't that that
cage fight scene isn't also like there's
a cage fight on one side of the room the
other side of the room is like a fancy
party right
well the fancy party is watching the
cage fight you right no because you
never see them all in one establishing
shot sure but then like people in masks
come into the room with shotguns and
shoot and then run out of the frame
it seemed like painkillers by now we're
the guys who are shooting people and why
really shooting where do they go and
then we cut and that's the end of the
scene every scene ends like this really
cool these people in the masks so in the
leo fire the drug business is very
competitive like it's really hard to
write a see take cover
women
who's who is this what's happening
what was that it doesn't matter
you got to film in a nightclub five
minutes then bust that's the second time
people in massive right into the room of
shotguns and then the scene says Leo
farmers this is very bad at ending
scenes he doesn't know if he doesn't
know what else to do and bad guys won't
shoot people yeah well that's I had said
during the screening and it's like like
I picture leo phone making this movie
specifically so when there's like like
like Thanksgiving or Christmas when the
whole family gets together he can put
his movie on and be like maybe the
strikes are for the creepy sex
that's only a minimum though because we
compared Leo Fung this is a vanity
project but we compared him to like like
get even or like the Empire of the dark
guy Tommy was so there I'll have a
gratuitous study I'll have a creepy
gratuitous black tank top sex scene and
Leo Fong avoids that this is pointless I
just pictured Leo falling behind the
camera look masturbating yeah he's not
having the sex scenes because his
fetishes he'd rather be watching okay
that explains a lot of scenes in this
movie done do you remember the 15 minute
interlude where we get low blows
backstory where his daughter is murdered
really absolutely no payoff and it is
never mentioned again in the middle of
the movie we cut to four years earlier
in Texas in Texas we don't know why
we're in Texas is it footage for like an
other movie that Leo Fong made that
never got finished yes yes yes because
there was pointless because it's like
it's like dad and his daughter shows up
she's like dad here's my new boyfriend
we're gonna go out now and then they go
outside and the guy immediately starts
punching him in the face and he punches
the daughter sword she dies just like
this there's a comic way like what arms
out evenly and there's no blood what was
that called late there was like a like a
thing like six seven years ago planking
when you would just his daughter's
planking and then and then he goes to a
bar and punches the people who punched
his daughter well he yeah like an
assembly line
he's just like punch punch punch and
then he gets to the bad one and punches
him
and then and then we just come back to
modern day and it's never mentioned
again near the end of the movie you have
Nighthawk saying that was my son you
murdered who killed your daughter
oh they you know but he is that he has
two sons sure cuz Eddie Murphy was also
you get him back and have two sons
that's the thing his wife's uterus
wasn't ruined by Satan the woman's room
uterus was ruined by her father okay
it's not Satan Satan was unable to use
her uterus as a vessel the amazing the
interesting thing about this movie it's
just how lazy it is compared to his
other movies yeah it's pretty bad I was
like whenever it would cut to new scene
before anything would even happen I
would just start chuckling and I wasn't
even laughing at like like the movie so
bad it's funny I was just chuckling at
how lazy and terrible everything was not
specific things just like the overall
like effect low blow like the original
low blow that's got a scene where he
takes his foot and he crushes a man's
skull yeah
his head turns into birthday cake some
low blows and turning a man's head the
climax of this movie is he shoots Rob
Stewart through an elevator door you see
Rob Stewart rod I said Rob oh this is
the laziest thing the bond has ever done
he's hit the button and we're just
waiting I know I think he thought Leah
Fong who was delusional he's insane
he thought that would be like Oh
I mean he's still alive he's still
making movies
I don't he could he could theoretically
come here and kick us in the face for
making fun of them if he's making
another low blow like I think all four
of us we just need to be those guys that
just come up to travel pay for
everything
we'll pay for the production get killed
by by local yes I think that would be a
dream come true I agree I want to get
hit by his car okay Jack bottle broken
bottle to the throat like what do you
want
oh shit maybe maybe he can bust out that
with single barreled shotgun squid yeah
I I want to get punched in the face sure
and thrown off a building okay gentlemen
we've we have had a discussion now is
the time to pick the best of the worst
Jay it's false
I mean it's I'm leaning towards saying
Foust is almost too good to even be on
best of the worst really like it's weird
and it's goofy and there's parts of it
that are bad but it's pretty interesting
and bizarre but I'm gonna say Foust's
okay out of these Jack I I think there's
a strong case to be made for blood
Street as it is a legitimately bad movie
that is engaging in entertaining
I was chuckling through most of it right
and so it's like in the spirit of the
show you want to say blood Street but I
kind of loved foul so much that I want
to own it and watch it again the
official rules are most entertaining for
any reason right exactly and so I have
to choose Faust just for the visual
flair and absolute absurdity yeah Mike
III have to go with blood street and
it's like a fifty one forty nine percent
kind of thing because blood Street I
laughed a lot I had a blast watching
blood street and it it was it was really
bad you know in a in a fun be moved in a
fun movie night what Leo Fong maintained
the expectations that I expect from
Italy off on film by failing to match
the expectations by feeling worse yeah
but that's my opinion it um no I'm
really distressed yeah now the pressure
is on me because no pressure a number I
am I'm borderline I don't know that this
is entertaining as much as it is
horrifying I was watching this movie
like the rest of us yeah it's so
horrible I feel bad voting for it and
this is Leo Fong and it's funny because
it's so lazy blood string is more pure
bad movie it's pure vanity yeah I'm
gonna put Street you know all that means
is we got two winners yeah that's that's
that's a real good positive spin on it
Jack we got two winners and that's
really good for a best of the worst
panel I mean sometimes it's really
fucking hard picking a best to sometimes
as yeah you wanna only get to die and
hologram man I hated for it's just
wasting potential it's a lot of wasted
potential that's a good point but
there's someone you know thinking here
are obvious ways you could do this
better
yeah but it's not necessarily insulting
ya know I wasn't like miserable watching
well how the fuck do we end this episode
