Wheel of the Worst #17
July 9, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-17/

you want Star Wars look at this watch
this oh this is the Falcon from the hit
film solo it's a Star Wars story yeah
plating comes along we're just like a
bunch of grown up white man babies I
love Star Wars
wait the Millennium Falcon's don't fight
each other Oh what are you stupid
Star Wars fuck this we've got real work
to do gentlemen like what we have a will
of the worst in front of us oh my god
it has tortured us for years randomly
selecting terrible videos watch leaving
only the most disturbing nightmares and
scarring the my own life many have tried
to destroy it but evil never dies
it's now time to spin the wheel of the
worst
I mean misfortune well I guess this is
how we'll spend our valuable time
together watching terrible videos and
DVDs randomly selected from the wheel of
misfortune how much longer can I do this
for doctor says I got a bum liver
there's so much time left on this planet
liver oh did I say that all up like I
have the liver of a bum oh that's how
excessively I drink also the liver is
bad did you get it from a bum I did I
had to have an emergency liver liver
octa me
they replaced my liver but they can only
get one from an alcoholic homeless man
so is about the same was this where did
you get this done it's some kind of like
like it was in a nail salon by the the
Asian woman assured me she was a doctor
so she put the liver in your bum yeah
how it first and I had to explain to her
that it's like right here pretty much it
sits in a different spot it's like right
she got out an anatomy book although I
think it may have been a People magazine
ah anyways our first film is called
world wide web of deceit I guess these
are the authors James Robinson and Steve
Lane are the creators of it maybe it's
these two kids
hey mr. Wiggles sessions volume one King
Tut style oh my god with gangster
writing mom keeps Tina's feel like I've
said this before but this has been on
the wheel before yes
yeah you can check his website mr.
Wiggles hip hop dotnet no sounds like a
fake dancer has to slow I don't know I
miss evening this is sort of kind of
like dance video yeah don't worry we're
not gonna land
what's uh what's up nuts richie dura
wolde we've seen this one before -
covered in barbecue sauce yeah he looks
like a rotisserie chicken or someone put
a blonde wig on a Peking duck and he
signed it that's it is an autographed
copy oh that's a Rachel dead it's a
haunted that's like the ring well this
next tape is for both of you guys oh my
god
introducing hug a tree and survive no
not read the spine Oh hug a tree and
survive Canada huh yeah well clearly
it's like a nature video probably I was
thinking like Smokey the Bear like how
to prevent forest fires but the weird
thing is it's hug a tree and survive
Canada right
III want to say hug a tree and survive
is a series of videos and this is Canada
Canada but they didn't use any kind of
punctuation to indicate that right a
friend hi I want to be your friend
unbelievable Oprah Winfrey is he is he a
joke is he for real you decide rent a
friend America's original video
companion available for the first time
since 1987 as seen on Letterman
Oprah People magazine Oh CNN that's what
my doctor gets her information Oh
apparently Oprah needed a friend
Oh doesn't she have Stedman the
smoothest keenest friends possible the
Washington Post
I cannot believe that's real maybe the
unbelievable comments is to sir saying
unbelievable I can't believe someone
would make this fuck that some point
Oprah did say unbelievable in her life
that's not inaccurate or maybe he finds
Oprah Winfrey unbelievable
I find Oprah Winfrey unbelievable what
are you there is like a space here so
it's unbelievable
is an accidental spaceship unbeliev Abel
oh my god he sees the original David
Carradine's Taichi workout the fitness
program that began 2,500 years ago a boy
when he was first starting his career
problems it's a nice cover this is
partly the packaging suggest there was
some care put into this that that in
Richard der Wald's case also suggest
that but get your auto-erotic
asphyxiation jokes ready alright because
it's time to talk about celebration of
age the crowning groaning celebration of
age the crowning ceremony joyous and
inspirational older women sharing
stories and wisdom history and heritage
Jesus Christ we're in for a ride I'm not
even sure what this is a picture of it
oh it's that heaven is that it I can't
even make heads or tails I don't know
it's some weird abstract piece with the
odds of croning like an old crone I hope
we land on it whereas you hate the
elderly I don't hate all elderly just
one is still alive and in my way
speaking of which now yeah a wonderful
transition to our next date arranging of
funeral what really happened Michael
what really happens we get to see how
the sausage is made so to speak in LA
and Vancouver British Columbia no you
just can't leave us lots of people dying
that's why on the whole country we're
gonna bury that one half up here and the
other half down there we continue to
have you know
really where see you start with the song
and two half coffins family can fight
over who gets grandma's lower head I
don't know what to say anymore nightmare
never ends whose extend span to pee
stand to pee calm this is actually a
website rich why is this on here you did
this
teaching women how to pee standing up
our next tape SMM sweat and muscle calm
the dominatrix workout kick the dick the
GIMP let lesser mistress Desdemona to be
tied mistress Jane dick the GIMP oh my
god it's right I thought you're joking
that's another volume one huh
I know I know who filled the tape this
wheel up with tapes next up is the
Talking Heads video open-flame with
David Byrne grade 7 8 and 9 I don't know
what the hell is going on
no is his head melting through the
windowpane well the side says it says
code it's the Canadian offensive on drug
education so this is a Canadian drug
education or video they're Canadian
version of dare oh this this cover makes
drugs look awesome brawlin Broads hosted
by the Boone brothers for mature
audiences
hmm so this like is it like foxy boxing
or something like that maybe more like
okay so someone's going to die at the
end of this are these the Boone brothers
or to machen she looks pretty young this
for mature audiences
he's 8
maybe he just has like like like a
disease I'm getting like an American
flat you laters mhm yeah that's not a
good they're not real fighters if this
is all this gonna be some fakie sort of
like blow you know like to fake foxy
wrestling I think it's worse than we
ever thought I mean this tape I already
wanted to have a shower and I just
looked at the box so it's time to spin
the wheel alright calling let's spin the
wheel lilia I seem to remember you guys
having some trouble last time how about
I spin the wheel alright here we go
there it goes
onward holy shit oh my god I was really
really close it's the celebration of age
the crowning ceremony the Bertina
Hecate quietens just something like an
ancient demon she's summoning old ladies
we have celebrated the commonality of
women's it feels like Return of the Jedi
Luke Skywalker every day we are born and
are you filming grandma you know she's
got dementia
many women ride verse essays poetry or
words of wisdom like Lord let's talk to
you about the next Star Wars spin-off
Star Wars a Crone story you could Jabba
the Hutt's mother mon mothma yeah oh
yeah there's a lot old ladies and
stories a um I would say amber ooh but
she got burnt up she's there in spirit
okay who does she look like yeah she
looks like I'm a man like which man
means the face all right come on hold on
Jay I get it framed up too late
okay okay Doug Colin go ahead and spin
the wheel not to do this come on Ritchie
durwood Oh hug a tree and survived
Canada yeah let's find out how to do
both of those things a tree is a safe
place to be and if you're ever lodged in
the woods a tree can be your best friend
so I gotta give me firewater
Ritchie says it all uses put yourself
inside a plastic bag you will make
things slightly easier for the
authorities if you put yourself in the
body bag he also weighed these bags so
you could see he's really there to see
you now basically drop the door honey
don't hug her child and creep then he
would know I'm really your mom rich
Evans I love this brand-new wheel that
you've created would you make it out of
I made it out of wood that's really
impressive I really hope we land on
world wide spider web of deceit um I'm
I'm hopeful for that one too so Jim and
or Colin it's up to you to save the day
sure I'm Jim all right right yes
I'm gonna spin the wheel did go fuckin
do it Oh Oh
you move the wheel the shots been ruined
spiderwebs oh my back I threw my back
out hopping up and down in excitement Oh
God like tech war only better why was
there a detour sign what does that have
to do with the Internet look mom the
Internet again that is something that
the child√≠s gives information about
themselves like she's bored of her own
voice so they just lead you to they try
to find something that is interested in
that's right something that strikes a
person's particular fancy or interest
whatever in they they like I said they
went to put teen teenagers teenagers for
instance big black boots
mother I mean the thing is with four
tapes and we're all fucked
someone's fun if everyone's got a
describe one so that really doesn't
matter we may as well go in order look
at yeah we could just assign sequential
order from left to right that'll make it
real exciting or whole audience
I'll start let's talk about our first
film pancreatic cancer you've been
diagnosed with dot dot dot celebration
of age the crowning ceremony joyous and
inspirational older women sharing
stories and wisdom ellipses history and
heritage well the video starts off
naming about 500 famous women and then
it basically says if you're a crackpot
in the southwest on a commune you can
pretend you are a person of value the
crowning ceremony is when you're really
an old lady and you do like a hippy
ceremony and you you say you are wise
and old and we you have something to
share with the world and then someone
makes a crown for you the crown is a
symbol of what a woman has accomplished
and then they can make a crown you can
choose not to have it it's but they
don't call it the crowning they call the
crowning yeah a Crone is a like the
phrase you old crone it's this old lady
like the dance of birth
it's just 55 minutes of New Age nonsense
where nobody says anything of any value
women are telling their stories women
are finding their voices women are
reconnecting to their power and they
just ramble on and on about crowning and
you know the tribes had the old crowns
and then they beat the drum and I just
say things it means nothing sounds like
psychobabble about mindfulness the
importance of being mine
in your day to day and then it's it's
and it's laced with like songs and
trying to have pretty philosophies about
what it is to be a woman and connection
to nature
I've outta pursued deep in personal
growth autonomy environmental harmony
positive relationships and greater
self-acceptance it's just a pusher woman
droning on and on and I kept waiting for
a man to come in and focus them into
some sort of conversation but it never
happens the crowning ceremony originally
for one reason or another were
uncomfortable with the idea of ceremony
and ritual found themselves deeply and
powerfully involved and captivated by
this ceremony
but it kind of like starts out and
you're thinking okay maybe this is like
a celebration of women or be proud of
like the women in history and what
they've contributed to the world but
then they start talking about this
crowning ceremony and it almost seems
like we were getting this idea that it
was going to be this subversive like
witchcraft video wheels of time are
turning turning turning solar fires are
burning burning burning why do you do
the ceremony what is a Crone what is the
benefit of being a Crone what does it
mean to be a Crone that's all that falls
in the gobbledygook
it's a gobbledygook it's a lot of
gobbledygook so it should be a
celebration of gobbledygook and so what
happens is that the Crone's
find themselves in the center where they
are honored by all the other women it's
to honor honor the stage of life with
family in front what stage of life the
final goal is you're looking at an age
cutoff it's like okay now you're a Crone
elder because you turn 65 does it like
retirement age women in their late
fifties sixties seventies
there's no specifics listed them do
these women have jobs
no no they time for a crowning ceremony
oh my god they range in age from 30 to I
don't know miscellaneous they have so
much time that they have to start making
up shit yeah to fill their time with
crowning doesn't belong to just one
small group of women it belongs to all
women what is the purpose of this video
to show on a woman's studies class in a
community college and then softly fading
just as a new bud begins to open and
moon
maybe I'm amazed piano dude a new song
about witchcraft rolling some musical
interludes better than others the maybe
maybe I'm amazed maybe an amazed
Ripoff section McCartney here's what the
thing is like she seemed really proud of
that though it was a quality to her
where she was like oh I know this is a
good time
I was just gonna say what if you like
whaling on a drum like over and over
badly earth air fire and water I love
earth air Winton I remember I just found
the drama a sinking ship or something
and then we we see another lady who
wrote her own song basically I wanted it
to represent all the spiritual earthy
values of the planet and her life wise
woman wise woman wise woman sitting here
wise woman wise woman wise women here
wise woman young woman nestling me at
her breast wise women young women giving
me Oh God
harmony Corrine movie you're a mother
you're a mother you're made your mother
your mother your mother man wise woman
wise woman with you sighs monster why
samus beautifies woman wise woman has a
little bit wise woman
now wise woman stop it you're confusing
her with the old grandma banging on the
drums
the lady who wrote her own song was a
surprisingly decent melody I was proud
of her okay
but we okay the star of the show is the
elderly lady with the drum oh my god I
wandered out of a mental hospital we
simply shot with like a 5,000 millimeter
Lyn not a - miles Oh baby
there's the babe ruth's elder years he
thought he was a lady and he wound up in
Arizona on a female come commune he was
hiding from like the government axis I'm
gonna go hide an unusual form so this
crazy woman in the it was one in the
back she feel more big Ruth and Ty Cobb
and dragged gonna calm you the crazy
woman who is terrible at the bongos
every instrument that she had she had
like a multitude of like different they
had this sort of like pyramid thing was
like a hold it was almost like a hollow
pyramid and I'm pumped it's like that
Indian ancient mother it's filming her
it's like a very long leg yeah that's a
far away distance behind the glass
the old lady with the drum in the back
like in the backyard or whatever like
she's drumming and then she says next
I'm gonna do like an improvisational
song that I'm just making up as it goes
along and then she plays it and she's
singing it really doesn't sound that
different than the other stuff all the
songs sound like they're just made up
she changes everything she does
everything she touches yeah they kept
cutting between her and then the woman
on the piano with the Crone action
figures oh yeah she was like singing to
these little action figures and they
were kind of hunched over the lady who
could play the piano know her or her a
costume although we don't actually see
her fingers on the keys so it's
questionable whether or not it's big we
see the lady play the flute but it's
from quite a distance that also was
staged the one that was a total fraud
was the lady who what went back to
Ireland for her Celtic oh my god and
she's the correct I got desire sharp
here she starts to add a little little
accent you know she doesn't have that
back in the States just from New Jersey
so when I was there I had several truly
extraordinary I would call spiritual
experiences
but when she's in Ireland just a little
bit of the accent Celtic note here's my
celtic celtic harp and she goes like
like just randomly select strings and
then goes yeah I won't play anymore for
you now she says embarrass myself that's
the extent of my repertoire yes yes
that's my repertoire for the moment but
that lady was a fraud she's a fucking
fraud first of all she says she goes to
Ireland and then they're showing
pictures of Ireland that you assume our
pictures that she took on her trip to
Ireland but they're clearly just
postcards because you can see it cut off
there's Ireland didn't see the disease
you can see it just resting on a like
tabletop or something it seemed very
important
and hey that's where they filmed Star
Wars that's Luke Skywalker's Jedi Temple
right damn
well back to celebrating the non
accomplishments of elderly women fate
the ceremony they're not hurting anybody
if you want to drag an old lady out into
the woods and throw some flowers on her
head
that's fine is there a specific like
Crone age or can you be like a 20 year
old crone I totally understand they said
there were CI T's it was Crohn's and
training then there are those of us who
were known as the CI T's the Crohn's in
training it's weird but with no endgame
oh jeez actually better thought out is
it like a would it be like a murder of
chrome you trying to well let's talk
about some of our narrators we have lady
whose braces been damaged by LSD all
across the country but it was a hard
time forming sentences yes like the one
you've probably called a host yeah yeah
she obviously was like an instructor a
teacher at like like a Community College
the teachers of Women's Studies class
he's so baked we had
the checks I actually teach something to
be a teacher like you have to have
information that's a value every woman
who has gone through her decades become
a Crone is a woman to be honored a woman
with great wisdom then you charge them
for one extra a woman from whom we all
have a great deal to learn a woman whose
stories matter tremendously but yeah you
can tell that she's the intellectual of
the groom yeah and there's like there's
like Babe Ruth and with the wig on who
who has like their own personal stories
and they know there's like oh you know
but um and then and then the real real
authoritarian on the subject is Kathleen
Kennedy yeah oh yeah Jesus she's in the
middle of a rainstorm was all about
groaning solo was the crowning
achievement of the Crone he's got an
army of Crohn's a bad OB one so we have
the planet where Luke is hiding and
Kathleen Kennedy both in celebration of
age Star Wars Celebration
one hundred and eighty five dollars a
ticket for a weekend we get the pain to
go down you know Kathleen Kennedy's
crowning ceremony
now we're talking about hug a tree and
survived Canada Colin you remember this
one a little bag little boy in a plastic
bag I do yeah bag was orange yeah else
or or yellow red will attract the Bears
yeah a new don't want that you tell us
all about hug a tree and survived Canada
hug a tree and survive Canada is sort of
like a safety video it sort of says on
the on the cover it's like a
search-and-rescue prevention safety
video for children doesn't seem to be
advice about preventing anything though
is the worst advice you could imagine
like so it kind of starts out with these
parents or starts out with like this guy
talking to a group of children around a
fire latest burst in Native American
gentleman so the group leader in Hunger
trees gives wise advice he does so he's
sort of like it opens he's like sort of
telling a tale and you know he says oh I
remember and he's sort of advice is to
hug a tree and I guess you know Richie
kind of broke that down it's basically
saying if you get lost in the woods stay
put oh yeah hug a tree it's not gonna
get him out of the situation Wow I was
gonna keep bearish from eating him if he
climbs up into the tree well somebody
comes by to save his ass
just like find a skeleton three months
later and keep you in one place so we
can find you but this this all of this
it's all a smokescreen the the only the
entire point is hey cell phone man get
off Twitter and get me a beer can I have
a Shandy - yeah well you're sitting here
weird what is this prohibition you're
playing on your fucking phone and the
other thing is it's like hug a tree okay
that's the premise of this but in the
end the native guy says you know what
it's actually best to just live
spread-eagle on a meadow it's kind of
like forget about it's free and
everything I said about the trees a good
tree go into a meadow life's bratty you
go with your orange plastic bag so we
can spot you or make a big SOS sign out
of rocks that has nothing to do with
trees and the search and rescue team
comes and they say Oh which way did your
child's go ma'am and she says like oh
that way north which way did he go
the last time that I saw him uh he went
that way actually
Jon's mother pointed the wrong way and
then he says no that was the wrong way
he went south I think she was panicked
she looked like a drug addict she didn't
look panic she did they were so calm and
collected and they walked up to the to
the forest as part of the husband's plan
to get rid of the kid the husband was
very strange he had a Hitler mustache
within her mustache yeah he kind of
looked like an action figure
yeah I go like it's like a 70s
comic-book character but it's bad action
figure that loses his son yeah I mean
it's too concerned
in fact John's parents called the park
work they don't seem very worried the
next day their little kid wandered off
and and that was part of the plan yeah
it was like no the dad we gotta get rid
of this kid but yeah so we can go to
like swinger parties and snort oxy
consequence-free
you know but if we have a kid we might
get in trouble so unfortunately the kid
had a garbage bag with him and then foil
this plant see the mama he wanted to
feed the Bears you know what I mean
the Native American man does not
specifically mention cutting a hole oh
no he did he said yeah he said but you
know we'll say it first it was after he
put it on and then he said you don't
have to put one for your arms or
whatever he just said just for your face
but you could sort of tell he didn't
want to talk about it and only make a
hole for your face well he doesn't like
children he wants to get rid of the
white bag the kid was smart enough to
tuck his socks in his pants into a sock
so that rats didn't crawl up his pants
and eat his genitals to remove under
misterwiggles
thank you for being the voice of reason
on to our next step mr. Wiggles Jim you
got to talk about mr. Wiggles is a
Nevada based Las vegas-based dancer
who's into rap and funk and he's put out
a bunch of dance training tutorials to
teach you how to dance like him never
stops it's like a day in his life but
he's literally just doing that the time
he wakes up is in the shower constantly
constantly it's like working the
drive-thru at my diner every day mr.
Wiggles struggles with super Parkinson's
no this is this is mr. Wiggles disease
they named it after him just like
sitting there yeah he doesn't want to be
doing this
his brain is creating these patterns and
making his body move this is actually a
sad documentary it's really difficult
when he has to go to the bathroom you're
in everywhere so he's kind of a
breakdancer he's really into popping
which I guess is like popping and I
can't I can't do it as well as he can
but he does a lot of it does this it's
cut style oh look honey good yeah but it
looks more like a duck this frozen
concern and he does a lot of finger
popping and stuff like this which I'm
doing it a bit as good as he does it
yeah you know he's not particularly good
at no that's that's the interesting part
and it's the quality of the videos
terrible so you can actually really tell
if he's good or not there are moments
where it's like that looked kind of good
but then he loses it two seconds later I
think the video is there about 15
segments all of them way too long and he
does actually show him in in a training
dance instructing scene with a bunch
other people the very very end yeah and
they're all doing the dance
much better than he is because he sucks
he doesn't stop it is 16 minutes
straight of him dancing to the same
fucking looped beat over and over and
over which is like the poor man's
version of rocket by Herbie Hancock he
doesn't stop he's he's very you know
very confident over Lisa he he says you
know what I'm saying a lot you know I'm
saying it may come on saying and create
different shapes put your thumb here and
do this or you know don't do that do
this instead out you know it's fine
whatever you want to do he said like bad
cell phone reception it's like popping I
didn't know what I'm saying it's kind of
like we were wondering rich was
wondering about the medical condition of
misterwiggles
would think thinking you are really good
at something we're just throwing around
delusional or just basic terminology
like that where he's doing like he's
doing this dancing and maybe in the the
sub community of pop and lot of wigglers
community maybe he is very good at doing
what he's doing but to the layman like
us we're just like another thing I would
probably like to do with touches like
when you're hitting basic poses rolling
the hand
and then roll another one no he's not
that good because during this video yes
you showed me something on your phone
which is somebody doing this shit but it
was awesome yeah that this is a famous
viral internet video of somebody some
really young guy yeah and he's like you
know you know he's doing like like not
the robot but he's like contorting his
body and and he's not really dancing
he's more like showing off his like how
limber yes yeah yeah and he does like
kind of a stop-motion thing and it's
really amazing everyone's in the
audience was screaming and this guy
looks like if any one of us did that and
tried to do it we're about as good as
mr. Wiggles there's a thing alright that
can happen we're stupid people tend to
overvalue their own abilities because
they are too stupid to realize they
don't have those abilities
Oh My Darling I've hungered for your
touch when it's cold outside I've got
the middle of me man you know you're
gonna be one of my diamond ring I wanna
keep you in my heart they're oblivious
to their own limitations yeah I was
saying it was like the opposite of like
imposter syndrome that people get when
they're competent people get they're
very talented and they sort of think
like oh my god I'm a fraud like how did
I get here it's the opposite of that
yes it's like when you suck and you
think you're amazing and you had all
those people in the training seminar
like that kind of like panned over there
was a lot of people in that so maybe
some of them feel sorry for him he was
just that could be the self-confidence
out outweighs the actual talent how much
it could be just a shitty way it's
filmed no but that's that picture of
them is clearer than anything in the
video oh yeah by far like four we were
questioning whether or not it was the
same guy half the time you couldn't tell
ya you were saying like we're wondering
if mr. Wiggles was like plural for more
than one mr. wiggle it looks like he's
tanked it's a skank tits but the weird
part is is like he's doing the King Tut
style right he's like you know like
constantly like the raver dancing like
but then when he's instructing his class
it's like completely different yeah that
was bonus footage that wasn't the Tut
style okay
yeah but the video says strictly Ted
style but that was bonus footage that
part of the regulation video or just as
a producer point a key get off my back
maybe that's from volume three it's kind
of kind of reminded me of the black
street boys tape yeah where you dislike
yet too much footage too long what are
you doing what's your focus is this for
our entertainment to watch him do all of
his King Tut moves or are you trying to
teach us at home how to do the King Tut
moves ourselves
because you're really not you know
you're kind of just explaining what you
do but you're not helping us to learn
the King Tut style so is this
entertainment or is it educational who
knows it's a sloppy mess and it's
terrible but it's like a security camera
he's outside your front door watching
them through the little app or the
doorbell thinking to himself wasn't only
1995 so 1995 if you put this in your VCR
in 1995 the quality would be terrible
like it's just it's not good enough it's
not good enough to learn from looking
like it's good the shitty quality audio
and video of like a beheading he's
hurting my hands give us what we want or
hope you watch mr. Wiggles he's just
gonna keep going would you rather see
the front rich when you grab that tape
yeah I thought you were just gonna pick
it up and throw it and and my heart said
thank God
I'll take that if it moves us on
you yeah I know it's my turn her yeah
this is uh you know all about
pornographic websites a worldwide web of
deceit is video about how the Internet
is is bad because pornography and
pornography is bad and Jesus that's a
trick video okay it's in Satan's which
it's a bait and switch it's made to look
like oh how to protect your children
from the internet but the underpinning
of it is a some kind of religious pastor
you can't got it right off the bat yeah
you may be in the yeah hello I'm James
Rosen to the video presentation we have
titled world wide web of deceit shouts
Christian pastor yeah I'm getting a
pastor oh yeah once I heard angelical I
met the Lord watching your show once you
saw the hand the hand gestures he had
the he had the the speaking hand
gestures and you know the like and even
the set looked like yeah you know the
Senators at the bottom it's aaden's the
way he spoke I talked about Jesus that's
how he sounded you knew he was a pastor
and you knew that the jesus was coming
into it and it is on the surface about
the dangers of the internet but but it's
really about throw a warped Christian
lens it's really about the dangers of
pornography itself because they have
several asides where they go off track
in there there's a there's a counselor
guy who's basically like was it sex
addict calm yeah
his job was if you are exposed to
pornography can ruin your personal
relationships in life and your view of
sex make it worse or whatever and he was
like it had nothing to do with the
internet without it you're gonna stay
stuck in the guilt like that he is a
mini desk desk
as her is his puppy no sexuality very
few products talked about sex in the
brain and how that will long-term damage
them and they don't think this is the
most boring looking guy in the world
you're going to meet someone who
actually crusaded for First Amendment
rights in defense of all of the obscene
material and the topless nude bars and
Club and promoted them and then got into
pornography through the internet and
through actually reaching the point of
becoming great he doesn't like the First
Amendment and nudie bars Jesus is about
to make an entrance
the envy evangelist has has a special
guest on his show and it looks like a
700 club
supposedly he ran a porn website though
I don't believe that for a fucking
second due to everything that I had seen
and all of the graphic images that I had
seen I had I had lost my ability to even
have any kind of love or feelings for
anybody who'd be aroused that's the
ultimate point of this video I don't we
get pornography bad well but
pornographer sits evangelical James
Robison guy down to show them how to
search the world wide web for porn sites
all the best stuff still to come
James and Steve and we suddenly not to
be interested much closer hey right
I'm not lying pretty much yet but it's
under sort of the guise of like oh yeah
you know pretend show parents and it
doesn't it won pretty say okay let's go
a little further
get this sixty six thousand video feeds
375 hidden cameras over seventy live
shows fifty thousand triple x-- images
come & get it
four thousand plus erotic stories and oh
no 24 hours a day that's just one were
you trying to back out you didn't ask
for any of this it
to get out of any scene that's
objectionable to go somewhere else to
search and you get this keep moving
let's see executives tell me about this
bestiality he doesn't he does not enter
it he goes into a chat room where people
are trading a child porno pictures yeah
I'd see it and see that's the reason why
it's it's it's pastor Jim and and if it
was like oh this is my associate pastor
so-and-so oh let me tell you all about
porno sites I'll go here and here and
like they have to have a porno expert
come in because then it'd be like how do
you news who's reformed we're
conveniently reformed pornographic
expert not curb make it seem like for
one to make it seem like your
information is legit yes yes and also if
it was as associate pastor or a member
of the community
he'd be like from how do you know so
much about well these people they have
to completely unassociated with their
knowledge well I know how porno sites
work yeah but he says I think the pastor
says like so you tell me these chat
rooms you can find chat rooms that say
that homosexual lifestyles is an
acceptable lifestyle and you're like oh
now here we go Steve what about actual
websites that are set up to try to
attract people to a certain lifestyle
like the gay lifestyle so you may be
working there are there websites or
other ways that they track a life this
is an acceptable appropriate lifestyle
and they use the internet to do that
then they say recruit you to into a
homosexual and don't we bring up really
oddly that and some of some of these
people some of these men look like
models no no oh no is the woman yes was
it he's like I'm looking at this page
now and and the woman does not look like
a back-alley hooker she looks like like
a Hollywood Hollywood actress to go into
a different interests read under ecstasy
and we're walking out the picture here
which is of a naked woman and and she's
not a woman that looks like she was
drugged out of a background she's a bit
more like
Hollywood model or movie star
anything great he noses his is Hollywood
he you know he knows the streetwalkers
yeah yes I know back-alley prostitute
yes cuz he doesn't know anything about
that it's gonna play dumb
tell me more about this looks like a
woman who could be in the motion picture
in 1930s the little boy is she a
beautiful lady the humour for us comes
from pastor Jim looking over the
shoulder of the guy and then eventually
like like he's not looking at the porn
stuff anymore he's like talking about
cookies and temporary Internet files and
doing this he's gonna policies not
getting secret information anymore how
do you delete those and I was doing some
channel surfing and we came across her
television show and I noticed one of the
first things that you said was
pornography and before we could switch
we heard you say that so we wanted to
watch the show just to see what you had
to say basically about the topic some
pornography stop everything I'm doing
whatever I gotta stop living my massive
source of income quit it thousand eight
hundred thousand jobs how thousand times
how dozens of thousands of dollars a
year I'm pornography ahead Jesus it's
all gone fucking beauty with the beast
Pocahontas with the raccoon tell me more
about this beauty in that's the blame
that the quote-unquote porno producer
was like he's like there's some really
weird stuff on you see he was saying
they count on your typos Beauty and the
Beast there's actually a beauty with the
beast
the girl from the movie beauty yeah I've
only heard about this actually with the
Beast so he goes now if like a child was
looking for Beauty and the Beast then
all of a sudden in porno Beauty and the
bestiality bestiality bestiality right
right any second any second it's a woman
making love to a beast into bestiality
but that is like twice he's like and
there's a Pocahontas bring up the beauty
on the beast or something
Pocahontas with the raccoon but but he
he brought a Pocahontas porn multiple
times
same thing with Pocahontas which was
oddly specific and there was the other
one Barbie if they say accidentally type
a Barbie sex porno but that was just
like total bullshit like like fear
tactics well yeah he's like that the
page cannot be closed now that you've
opened it to a porno site and then he's
like you have to open a new page but
even if you type in any address keeps
linking it up it'll open up more porno
like it was basically like men don't
even try this
now we're going out wait I don't know no
we didn't know we went to another now we
did another one totally every this one
says Club pics teens teenage sex videos
right that's right don't even try to
look up Horan on your home because
windows will just keep opening and you
cannot you can't even shut your computer
off misinformation like your wife's
gonna come in the room what are you
doing you know you're looking at porno
and then we're leaving in the intro
member they had like the kind of like
scenarios and they had that kid like oh
my god yeah closing closes my mom's
gonna kill me
Oh James Lane now heads up an
evangelical angelical ministry serving
as an instrument of God to help free
people from the addictive powers of
pornography and free people from homo
sin you ality
and protect America's children from the
snares of cyber part yeah cyber porn
porn with robots we got to get rid of
the cyber favorite porn like like
Robocop where they like grasp machine
parts on to pornography cybernetically
enhanced porn cyborg porn it's like a
robot with a dildo no it's just like the
the it was the arms that like a simple
car is the robot arms King Tut style
that's why King Tut or that's where mr.
Wiggles works on the for infection
the Tesla assembly point yes something
carved Tesla stabbed
we need your precision mr. Wiggles my
knees gonna fool the assembly line
others blend in why are all these Tesla
cars recalled 500 million dollars worth
of technological robots or mr. Widow for
8 850 an hour or that he makes it the
Burger King drive-thru mr. Wiggles get
to work on these Tesla's ok mr. Wiggles
the big orders due tomorrow and all the
robots broke down you have to save the
factory Elon Musk is like tweeting about
mr. Wiggles is the bomb he saved my
factory oh my god mr. Wiggles how many
cars did you finish today I got one done
you know what I'm saying
mr. Wiggles
we're supposed to get $5,000 goes
sometimes
Ilan you can do this and then you got to
keep your palm together change it up do
whatever you want
oh my god the battery is on fire it's
gonna burn horribly the doors on upside
Ilan the door send it out ship it we
gotta make our 3500 a week we're gonna
need to have mr. Wiggles be the engine
for this car I can't go any faster you
know what he's doing the crankshaft
inside the engine
he's just connecting the electrical
connection and the windshield wipers are
popping well we have to pick a best of
the worst first yes sir well is there
you have to pick one okay I mean so
we're gonna start with rich go yeah I
know it's it's it's Oh Oh God
I think it's pretty damn easy I guess we
laugh more old crones I guess some go
with old crones okay Jim hug a tree for
sure because there were some useful
things in it it was entertaining funny
and for Colin your choice for best of
the world I'm gonna agree with Jim that
hug a tree hand sobriety Canada is my
favorite well I have to side with rich
here celebration of age my profession
really yeah I I thought it was great it
reminded me a lot I know I reminded me
what's the video telepathy with animals
yeah yeah it was like that yeah it kind
of reminded me of that like a crackpot a
home video of some New Age nonsense but
so much comedy we mined from this from
the Paul McCartney song to the old lady
by banging on the drum who is wet
herself guy filming here with the
telescopic lens
Catherine Kennedy's cameo at the end I
mean there's a lot going on celebration
of it yes I'd forgotten all that stuff
um hug a tree and survive moments but
and you got your props and mr. Wiggles
and yeah and you know I agree with
pastor Jim homosexuality is a sin and
you know why and so you know agreed with
a lot of his points weight but you know
I mean she's trying to teach you how to
be careful on the internet but I didn't
find it the best video I agreed with all
of his messaging it's all I'm going so
so these are our two winners this is one
of those rare things where it is a tape
that's sold in in a mystical gift shop
in Sedona Arizona and it very well could
be the only tape left okay these two I
at least are discussing Christian
propaganda tape for sure it's on a
harmless yoyoyo
hey there I'm mr. jiggles and I'm gonna
show you king good style
and you gotta wiggle your hands around
like it's cool but kind of with an aqua
motion oh look at that
flip-flop style under the hutch mr.
teapot
mr. teapot switch it up switch it up oh
yeah
what world wide web of deceit I'm gonna
show you a move called the tape stop
yeah wise woman wise woman wise woman
sitting here wise woman wise woman wise
women here wise woman young woman
nestling me at her breasts wise woman
young
woman giving me her best
