The Black Spline Edition - Blackstreetboyz, Don Beveridge 5-1-98 Customerization Seminar, Plymouth International Ice Festival, Partners
March 13, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-black-spine-edition/

testing testing okay my mics good Jackie
got levels check check check right
you're good you're good all right so
we're playing into the bridge I'm ready
to go yeah yeah oh just quick note
before we go live make sure you don't
talk about that thing that everyone is
really upset about this week yeah yeah
you know you actually know what let me
go to the bathroom first okay oh hi jack
hey Mike welcome to another episode of
best of the worst Oh actually I was just
about to start a stream what hey did you
notice the little red curtains here I oh
I did so tell me all about these
curtains well do you have any guess of
what could be behind the red curtains a
very tiny one-act play that's a very
good guess jack but you're wrong oh let
me explain as I opened the tiny red
curtains tada that doesn't look like
anything Mike well it looks like a bunch
of VHS tapes but none of them are
labeled I don't understand what the bid
is no this is the very first ever black
spine edition of best of the worst which
is even more random than anything that
we've done before because not only could
these be a movie it could also be a
blank tape it could be some weird porno
it could be some kind of conference or
lecture from 1992 anything it literally
could be anything this is exactly what
best of the worst has been missing more
randomization and and more nonsense and
terrible terrible videos so Jack I guess
you'll be the first
oh my randomly select a tape I'm so
excited I and literally to our audience
at home this is not staged I just want
to reiterate that these tapes I don't
know who put them here
maybe maybe rich
I mean I was like like oh this is
something weird let me just put it over
here but no one remembers what's on this
shelf and so this isn't a bit it's not
set up these are all funny things we
don't know what the fuck is here and
this is our way of finding out is why
not do a show about it right instead of
just looking at them if one of these
tapes happens to be a grandma who has
recorded episodes of Bob Ross right you
win the day if that just happens to
happen without a that would be very
amazing coincidence wouldn't that be
great like but like that one of these
could be like a home movie from one of
your home movies it's possible positive
we don't know anything I'm gonna go kind
of you know write in this do they have
front titles we don't know oh God
the first tape is black Street boys
so is this supposed to be like whoever's
watching this they're under the
assumption that you know who these
people are no this is a tape introducing
themselves they're doing a bad job of it
and they're doing their best this is
they do their comedy shows
yeah and they sell their tapes
afterwards I think you know this is more
for getting gigs I don't know if this is
like a skit in context with the video
yeah I don't know what's happening a
clip from a short film they did years
ago or what what is what it is I think
they paid a homeless guy to hold up a
sign for them yeah yeah he's a real
homeless guy yeah I think that isn't
real this guy well that was a success
our first pick I remember when we used
to watch movies and not just whatever
random crap
yeah I know it's unfortunate but this is
the way it has to be are you ready to
pick our next tape British but Mike you
insisted on doing this we have plenty of
movies to watch I figure we had too many
movies we can watch some of the movies
no I think it's one hour if we watch
random unmarked tapes and our audience
would enjoy that more as well ready to
pick the next VHS tape rich I guess not
that one oh god not that one it's gonna
be a snuff film isn't it oh it has a
label Oh God
oh no oh God um beverage
customization seminar what's the year
from 1998 now is it about beverages or I
think his name was just beverage as if I
customized beverages I'm really confused
alright rich why it's starting to watch
done done beverages customization
seminar we almost watch cribs today we
could have been watching cribs right now
quit complaining three hours in 42
minutes sudden listen son you know
Michael do whatever you want to do
whatever you I did with this episode and
he specifically he went out of his way
he said he wanted to make us suffer it's
like he just he wanted to take everyone
else down with him this is Mike's 911 so
I don't know what the issue is here I
don't know why you need to talk about it
for three days clean it up watch watch
something the Burger King for a long
time okay I dropped that energy for this
presentation for one I went out for
crying out like we've been on all the
members of the restaurant sir do you
know we spent 42 million dollars yeah do
you know that people are pulling through
that damn rezard yeah do you know that
70% of the time the whoppers served cold
yeah yeah yeah tell the crew to push the
whopper button Zella crew have pushed a
lot their button get a whopper button
you gotta push it or off your whoppers
cold that's a great idea I'm gonna put
that a t-shirt will solo with the lovers
you got to be proactively good by the
way
I'll never forget you
Manny Garcia
Dodd beverage works for a secret Endre
90% of all their printed literature
dealing what they perceived to be decay
or a deficiency of knowledge DK ey - the
sub value of x x FUBU well Don beverage
sure does know how to throw a
customization seminar how many times
have I said that before so we got you a
third one yes technically we do three I
was thinking of six but we'll stick to
format the first two were short we could
we could do way more we could we could
continue to watch all of these if we
really wanted to that's not a bad idea
we could leave we or we could leave all
right we'll do one more okay
that's your pick J and your instinct
says pick from the middle but nobody no
no I actually I was going to pick this
one I think because it isn't a case it's
the only one in a case which makes it
special
so maybe the contents of the tape are
also special let's see is there a front
thing no there isn't
okay so this adds an extra layer first
is dramatically pull it out and now I
have to dramatically pull it out of the
case it's like opening a Wonka bar
plymouth international ice spectacular
oh the word spectacular is in the title
it's another short one though alright so
we got that going which is good let's go
watch Plymouth international ice
spectacular and I'll meet you I'll meet
you over there
okay okay don't run away Oh get back
here you fuckers you fuckers
I got your car keys
I've got your car keys you fuck
planning for this highly organized I
spectacular because they're looking for
sponsors should be hosted by down
beverage sanitary facilities keeps going
take that home with you get your name on
a toilet get your name on some band-aids
the national reputation of this event
the media attention it generates the
enthusiasm of the townspeople and the
throngs of people attracted by the
unique nature of this outstanding I
spectacular make it particularly
valuable to sponsors like use at the
professional level prizes include cash
tools and trips a grand prize is awarded
to the first-place winner the student
and professional competitors also select
a card that's staged like dining
outdoors of the snow as the I
spectacular continues to grow it
attracts nationally and internationally
renowned ice sculptors you can be a part
of what has become an international
event we are now officially the Plymouth
international ice spectacular
says it was canceled a year later I
think that's the unknown
we should point out like I guess you
kind of did in the opening but this is
true is that we've had these tapes
sitting on that shelf for a while and I
think the whole idea was like these
don't have cases these don't have labels
we're just gonna stick them here and
we'll do something with them yes cut to
three years later we forgot what they
were long enough times past where we
forgot what any of them were and there's
a retest of figuring out what they are
is not just to look at the sticker and
throw in the garbage which is what we
probably should have done but it's to
physically watch them and record
ourselves watching them and turning it
into a show that you the viewer must
endure I mean what a first tape is I
took control I was gonna do it everybody
wants to do it every episode what's our
first tape Jay you were all rambling so
much that I just did it black Street
boys is our first tape Jack Black Street
boys oh my god what is this tape about
by the way pre-emptive you're welcome
for having Backstreet Boys music stuck
in your head for the rest of the day and
hit it just enough not to get flagged
black street boys AKA two's a crowd yeah
it has booking information on the front
of the VHS which I'm sure has been
blurred out maybe I don't know do you
think they're still desperately clinging
to their AOL email address we don't know
we can't aim them anymore aim is dead
well let's let's send a test email just
to make sure it's an active accounts
though and don't the email got bounced
back okay it's inactive so it has
booking information so we can only
assume this is a demo reel of some sort
of variety acts the that features
dancing stand-up comedy some sketches
but it's like a
three hour demo that's just way too much
we ran into a game gang but the game
they were expert night
what were they call bunny rabbits that's
right yeah yeah I'm done
normally a demo real for an actor would
be like here's five or six different
projects I was on a student film a
little bit part in CSI Miami where I
played like a homeless person
on a bench or dead body that's the you
know that's what Daisy Ridley did before
Star Wars she was like a dead cadaver
lots of different projects that actor or
actress has been in and it's it's three
minutes tops you do the best stuff up
front you kind of trail out with your
crap your student films and then at the
end you show your headshot and your
contact info three minutes maybe two if
if it's really good one but these guys
had a little story line going on and and
the production quality was all over the
map the only thing that was legitimate
was a TV show on Nickelodeon from the
early 90s which only Jay remembers from
today nobody remembers the show but it
was called roundhouse and the first time
we see them dancing I was like that
looks like the set to roundhouse right
and then it turns out it was actually
roundhouse I was just thinking it looks
similar but it's so much higher
production level than the rest of the
video okay well don't forget about the
other little bit with high production
quality where the nurse was so hot that
she made the dead bodies get up oh yeah
yeah with a cameo appearance we decided
it's Charlize Theron because she refused
to show her face out of embarrassment
sir like that's probably a big-name
actress now turns out it was we looked
it up on IMDB but we've had other jobs
that weren't so successful I mean we did
one job we was the hospital guinea pigs
let me
oh it's so good this camerawork is
better yeah sure face nope oh this is
for a thing this is for like a TV show
this is a little more per dude this is
better produced yeah so you just now
want to show her face so bad stand-up
comedy bad sketches good dancing racist
stand-up comedy oh yes yes
they they have all sorts of colorful
characters that they do on the stage
these videos were supposed to be sure
I just walked in would you like a back
with that oh no I believe that's
supposed to be Indian yell people come
in all the time give me water but if I
were to say positive they they have
incredible dancing talent yes very good
and I say they say if this was 1992 and
I can tell them a message focus on the
dancing and then there they're like live
performance stuff where there he was
riding around in like a little tiny
tricycle and they're trying to do it was
one you realize that they were desperate
it will try anything
it's smelled of desperation they're at
like the State Fair Ottawa Canada
there's just a whole bunch of white
people and they're like you ain't never
seen black people from Compton and
there's like oh we we a bit like
confused Canadians in there like
everything's on dick - the dancing the
depressing thing what's going on here
it's just one depressing it's it's like
it's like a slow fall this videotape
it's like it's like the House of Usher
or just collapses over time because we
see a date in this when they get on the
street performing it's 2002 yes my
camera that looks like it was from the
early nineties but it's a 2002 we know
that the nice-looking dancing that's
what show that aired in the early
nineties roundhouse and that's stuff
look really nice yeah so what we see
here is early on
nice production value good dancing TV
show then we're all we're gonna be where
it's about the TV shoot of organ where
it's of student films now you know
quality student films I don't know now
we're Jonah should he stand up oh now I
can't get booked in any clubs that were
just out of the fucking streets the
height of their success they look like
they're they're between 16 and 18 and
the low point of their success they're
25 to 30 and they're their Street
hustling Canadians oh oh I don't want to
book these guys and that's that's not
the reaction you want from a demo reel
to be fair I can't imagine there's much
upward movement in the world of b-boy
dancing
that'll be State Fair shit dog in Ottawa
right your face you read out a confident
look or just in your face NWA stop I'll
bite your nose off like Mike Tyson you
stupid mother baby baby baby shut the
paper just dance this is like
embarrassing
so moving on
the next tape that we watched in this
horrible failure nightmare experience
was Don beverage 5 198 customer ization
seminar is that a word that must be word
I trust Don beverage he's a he's a man
of confidence that Don beverage he's a
fucking lunatic he's a confidence man is
what you're saying
he's a confidence man yes but rich tell
us about Don beverage Don beverage is
I'm not sure if he's a con man or weirdo
is both feasible he's some kind of
corporate shill guy who does nonsense
motivational speaking for like low-level
managers yes for coffee franchises yeah
yes he's a very passionate man and if
you go back to that operation and
execute and implement and apply QSC and
eff you own the damn market qsr quality
service cleanliness and friendliness
that is the business he exudes friendly
push the whopper button for fuck's sake
he looks so so friendly there I think
you would point it out that it feels
like he's doing the motivational
speaking in an environment where he
should be giving advice about how to run
your business and be successful it's
like a weird contradiction you cannot
sustain a competitive advantage in
product or price and the businesses that
fail and the people that is this is like
it's like a doctor gonna like walk in
front of the screen and start talking
about the symptoms of some kind of
cognitive disorder these are the signs
this
benefit in some new bagel and some new
ice creature done beverages disease or
what if this is like a social experiment
where they get these people in to watch
the seminar and then they just have this
guy rant about nonsense to see how long
it takes for the past thirty years no
one has his advice so they're just
making notes still and somehow become
the world's leading business experts why
does he keep talking about bagels
I looked up dawn beverage yeah and he
was he's not just a fraud he's written
about six seven eight books about
business he was I don't know if he was a
CEO or he worked with many businesses
and list them so did he have anything to
do with any companies that involving
bagels no we got bagels Wow that's
shocking loves bagel that man loves to
talk about bagels bagels and whopper
buttons well we'll get to the whopper
button yeah tell the crew to push the
whopper button bagel is his word for
widget I think yeah we get you into
bagels anticipating bagels you're ready
to go I told him we had bagels I'm gonna
give you bagels okay bagels I know he's
he might know something about business
but it certainly isn't communicated in
this video I think it's a fraud in the
sense that I I don't know what these
people are getting out of the seminar as
far as practical advice goes because he
doesn't he doesn't seem to stay on any
consistent train of thought that oh yes
yes I get what you're saying he has five
minutes of material that he's selling to
these people in an hour-long lecture
basically he's a cop he's counting these
these poor saps this could have been
distilled into a fucking one-page
pamphlet
we should note it takes place at the
Showboat Casino Hotel in Atlantic City
New Jersey so we often have next to his
head as he's babbling on about nonsense
showboat
it's beautiful yes as he is sermoning to
the public let me tell you about
business not not just you can do it
you're the boss you're responsible
you're the father to your employees and
you can do it cuz your product doesn't
matter you gotta have a good product but
your product doesn't matter as long as
you're clean well-organized be well
organized be a father your people your
product doesn't matter so it's gotta be
a good product participate if management
the problem is a deficiency of execution
application and execution and I'm having
one hell of a time driving that home to
the owners of these stores you think
we're gonna get smoothies ladies and
gentlemen the third identity is also you
it is Clark Kent tell me something in
what city this Clark Kent live come on
metropolis thank God my friends
haagen-dazs said Gotham City they submit
it one day and the bankers are banking
the tellers are telling and two hooded
crooks from running into the bank they
go bang bang bang
teller dies underneath until president
dies underneath tell Chris go bang bang
bang as soon as the crooks leave with
the money president comes out they need
to tell he picks up the telephone
naturally living in Metropolis who does
he call why don't you call Clark Kent
over here mild-mannered reporter Clark
Kent
picks up the telephone he says Clark
Kent he says I'll see if I can get ahold
of Superman he's not a comic book expert
oh no apparently I want to know where
this analogy goes he's got them silly
looking blue tights
now you know it's Superman cuz you sit
in front of wind that flies out the
window see the crooks running down the
street runs the creek goes bang bang
bang next the hell other crooks puts him
in jail tell me something what are the
police in that town doing they're eating
Donuts hopefully what's he getting at
that's what I'm waiting for
dude Krispy Kreme
they're eating notice lettuce jelly take
it all with you lady you understand
supermen destroy businesses supermen
destroy people this is the man
what is he fucking talking about okay so
so number one why are they calling Clark
Kent a mild-mannered
mild-mannered news reporter about this
problem right I really thought the
analogy was going to be that when you're
the employee you have to have like two
distinct personalities that you put on
for different situations like you can't
be the Clark Kent when you're doing the
discipline you got to be Superman when
you do the discipline but other times
you got to be the Clark Kent the
mild-mannered but no he just wanted some
rambling think about how Superman was
making lazy cops cops are eating the
doughnuts
they're busy in the doughnuts had many
acronyms many analogies many metaphors
and none of it made any sense
I said why he said we spent 40 to $15
the people are poured through the damn
restaurant and we found out we have
three major problems I said my god what
are they he said number one 70% of the
time the whopper is served cold I said
you are yeah he said I'm gonna bring in
all the members of the managers of the
there's too many people don't cook the
law purse but boss he said to keep the
store clean I've been keeping the store
clean no one sometimes you gotta be a
policeman execute take the whoppers out
of the freezer execute rule number one
in business how does the customer see
you and my friend
if the answer is ice cream sounds like
it's like a character on The Simpsons or
something or the office or parks and
rabbit on a TV show like it's done
beverage but the funny part is whatever
that character would be on any of those
shows would be done beverage this is him
he's real and he's
beautiful and he knows all the motions
he knows what a motivational speaker is
supposed to sound like how does the
customer see you my friend when those
people come through that damn door and
when you advertise and when you market
every person there went there just to
hit the tables and the slot machines
after is over
we're leaving thanks Don roll them bones
they lost all their money for their
small business here's the deed to my
Dunkin Donuts
no that wasn't other strategy because
now they have to work much harder to
earn it back
Don looks over their shoulder that was a
bad business investment we got bagels so
moving on to our third tape our final
tape of this black spine collection
series the first and last in its series
we're gonna do it again was plymouth
international ice spectacular well this
is a tape from a small town in Michigan
I think that has an ice sculpting
competition every year and this tape is
meant for corporate sponsors so they can
choose to donate money to sponsor
whether you choose to sponsor a specific
sculpture one of the many events during
the week of the spectacular a single
sign or multiple signage in conjunction
with the ice sculptures an event about
people sculpting ice and get some
advertising in
this event it features people sculpt and
ice change them oh fuck it it's time
that we talk about partners what
partners what I'm throwing the whole
black spine thing in the garbage this is
now a spotlight episode surprise we're
done talking about these terrible tapes
that we watched in our black spine
edition and we watched one of our
favorite favorite B movies of all time a
film called partners and which isn't
which is in our secret b-movie vault
like the Disney vault but for terrible
movies that no one should ever watch
it's kind of like suburban sasquatch a
film that we've watched collectively
many times before and enjoyed we've been
sitting on this waiting for the right
moment to spring partners on the world
just the right perfect moment and
instead we just did it because we were
too bored with the other now we're
focused on the void between two people
they're walking too fast for my god
oh the montage oh shit the drug ties
remember this okay so how did we
discover partners well about six to
fourteen years ago it's somewhere
somewhere in there someone sent us
partners and this person claimed to have
been a student of the director who was a
film professor the director of partners
was a film professor yes
they taught at a film school about how
to make movies yes okay this that's
that's the least unbelievable part of
the story and the director talked up the
film quite a bit he referenced heat as
as a film that's an equivalency partners
well this is the amazing thing and re
watching it tonight in preparation for
this discussion there were so many
things that I either forgot about or
didn't remember or didn't see the fort
like I don't know if we've watched this
all the way through to it has we have I
think the first time through we were
just shell-shocked because you you you
see the like a 180-degree world bing
like just blatantly violated five times
in a row and you're so shocked from that
you it's it's violated in a way where
you have to wonder if it's intentional
like is this a guy like I'm gonna break
all the rules as a filmmaker a fucking
dead tied and all you want to talk about
is the same shit that we always fight
about you know what your daughter asked
me tonight that's crossing the line
oh they're crossing the 180 line oh sure
and it's it's very upsetting oh my god
positions completely oh my sick cut back
he's doing a headstand hey by the way he
got up wasn't he got up from the far
side of the couch somehow appeared on
the other she walked around the room for
some reason time travel well this is the
thing is like now we've we've
established that we think the movies bad
we've enjoyed it over the years this is
the point where we would normally
say so let's talk about the story but I
have no idea what the fuck this movie is
about it's a cop movie and that's it I
think that's gonna twist all the way
should be like a politician
I think pass a bill alright there's a
new hipster crime lord in town and he
wants to take over from the old crime
lords and so he has them murdered and
now he's the new big crime lord and so
the cops try to take him down and then
they do and then they realize maybe too
short is too short so now oh no wait
there was a guy who was behind him who
was the world crime lord and then he's
murdered off camera by the hipster crime
lord who actually isn't dead even though
we saw him get shot because the movie
was too short because though they may be
senior no because he hired his own EMT
an ambulance what who he's soul I've
never seen a ghost before
how are you how am I still alive it's a
funny story you know you never tend
trust anybody these days Kenia nearby I
hired my own EMT and ambulance ticket
Natalie they covered up his day use
planning either planning to get shot
because why would you hire an EMT and an
ambulance that's some pre-planning
that's how you get to be a hipster dry
I hope to god when the cops try to
fatally shoot me they only shoot me
through right here instead of my heart
or the brain something that an EMT could
easily repair that I that I've paid for
or let's a I really hope that they don't
like not you me and just like tackle me
because then arrest me yeah it'll just
take me to jail and my whole ambulance
plan will be nothing if they almost
seems like they made that up as an
excuse to have more movie after they
decided they needed more Malloy what he
killed Johnny chaos off-camera how do I
know I can trust you now that petkins
done with Johnny chaos Johnny chaos gets
away and then we cut to the next scene
and hipster drug dealers just like oh
yeah I just shot him I don't think we
should bother talking about the plot all
right well let's talk about how the
movie starts let's start at the
beginning we'll start the opening
credits sequence yes yes do you love
Miami Vice do you like Michael Mann and
so he has his detectives who we don't
even know our detectives at this point
as far as we know there's just two dudes
driving in a car yeah I like to fist
bump
they do like to fist pump they wrongly
after moments of awkward silence they're
just sitting there in silence and then
just out of nowhere you saying you have
a problem we just do it but you are
motivated to do it by the discussion
underlay just happens every now and then
oh okay if you just don't talk for like
five minutes right you got it you gotta
do something
press it super game yeah I've never
driven around with just a dude for more
than like ten minutes without
occasionally going like that we're all
sits so homo so how about the credits
themselves yeah we're talking about just
the the titles in the computer
this is the first thing that's just
wrong well everything's out of order
everything's out of order and
everything's off-center yeah
well no it's centered if you only have
one line of text when it's just like the
actors names it's centered but when then
when it gets to like you know director
of photography director of photography
will be right in the center and then the
actual name of the guy is below it
because I guess they couldn't figure out
how to make the whole thing centered 70%
of the names is the director yeah over
and over in the wrong order two camera
angles by the wrong order you mean for
an audience who may not know written and
directed by or directed by usually it's
the very last credit because it's the
most important one you have written by a
middle written by produced by directed
by or like the last three credits
generally there's some some very easily
written edited produced directed by
Peter James I go well it right in the
middle and then it cuts to stunt
choreography then after all these crew
Ones then we get introducing and it's
like an actor's name and it's like well
aside from that being wrong like this is
introducing all these people
Oh
we're all over the place
they're both shooting the same person I
guess what cause they're shooting the
same direction it's a gift that keeps on
giving
it's like you see it and I've seen this
maybe three or four times now new things
every time yes yes and it's a it's a
it's a joy yeah opening opening scene we
have cop upside down badge okay so now
what is all that tension lead up to and
hard cut to something awkward
why even faint out then oh oh oh like a
triple exposure where we got such right
now we got this gentleman shot in the
head it's bad just upside down the
titular partners meet cop and his badge
is turned after many takes and no one
noticed they go to a crime scene we have
cop guy and his partner bald guy well
guy and nice hair nice hair man they go
to a crime scene and and there's a body
there and and that leads them behind a
generic caution tape caution tape book
actually before you go too far in this
we're on the first scene exactly exactly
I do you you were about to you were
about to leave the first scene and I are
part of the roller coaster that is
partners is this opening scene actually
looks kinda nice there's there's some
nice like brown stone buildings in the
background it almost looks like an
episode of CSI New York yeah a little
video II I think there's a there might
even be a there is a dollar yeah yeah
there's a dog there's some production
value as though glowing orange glow to
the image it looks nice it looks nice
and so after the baffling credits
sequence it's like oh oh this might
actually be a real movie but then then
they start speaking
I'm detective Christopher Perez and this
is my partner Detective Steve Clarkson
any idea why you were just a target of a
drive-by after he pokes the guy with his
pen they go to the police station
aka my dentist's office and talk about
their next move
this is like you know in like old
detective movies when they go to the
nightclub and there's but this is modern
time so it doesn't make any sense but
they've seen this in movies so they put
it in their movie we get to the first
I'm going to say like the first scene
the first sequence where we knew that
this was something very special the
drive-by shooting the drive-by shooting
a sequence of course because they sunny
sunshine whatever her name is had a
relationship with the dead guy like we
think because it's all you know very
muddled but so the cops are take her out
to the front porch of this bar which
classy bars have a front porch that
looks like a house porch all the time
all the time and as soon as they got out
there the second they get out there
there is a drive-by shooting
all right what lookout happens every
night rich
well the awkward editing around it - or
you don't know who's shooting at what
and then it's just over and everybody
acts like it never missed it our cops
don't run out did you get the license
plate call for backup no just they shoot
the shoot back a couple times anyway you
know this man oh my god Peter what
happened to him so that's what we're
trying to figure out were you two seeing
each other
it's and to be fair like there's even so
much just in the drive-by scene because
I am 99% sure that the cop shoots first
I am sure the cop shoots before we even
as an audience know that the person in a
truck has a gun and so why why is the
cop shooting at this car oh wait the car
is shooting backwards that self-defense
are they're shooting at the girl the cop
other cop dives on the girl and then
everyone gets up and goes whoa it's bad
editing and that's what it is because
before we forget about one other magical
moment among millions
there's the assassination scene of the -
Italian guy
that motherfucking good today
Oh
he starts shooting his gun he he shoots
one of the mobsters the gun stops one of
the assassination targets takes out his
gun fires it and then shoots himself in
the chest and they never show the other
guy shooting again the gunman is done
shooting into uncharted running away he
fires his gun and then shoots himself
and whether or not that was a really
unfortunate ricochet or you just or or
just terrible editing he bought those
Australian bullets Australian bullets
it's a really good rich
baby likes his flower maybe don't leave
all this in like that's an outtake Ryan
is clearly an outtake
it's a method act oh it just kicked in
all we want is some info we notice a
heavy shipment of blow coming in we need
to know where and when but the the dirty
shoulder should be out of focus you know
this is enough focus
it should not be focused on the guy's
ear that's in the foreground whoa oh
look at how many bumps the iron back of
his ear Oh
he had his ear pierced in 1994 I can
tell by the way that the technique was
done you're talking about its so focused
Jesus Christ I guess you can't get
anything right huh
wait wait wait you're talking about
you're talking about spatial relations
and an amount of room I just want to I
just real quickly I wanted to bring up
the the first interrogation scene with
hipster coke dealer guy oh well their
set was four feet of drywall and a
conduit of metal a pipe an electrical
conduit and that's all they had to work
with and so that they show that guy and
he's like okay we have we have four for
you to drywall sit down here and say all
your crazy liens and now we're gonna get
all the shots of the detectives but
they're like this the best part about
that scene though is the desk lamp oh
yeah this is a space cop comparison
number one of at least two which is when
you when you have the the famous
interrogation scene that all these cop
movies have and you have the overhead
light that's like glaring down on
everybody but in this thing they
couldn't be bothered to do that or they
didn't know how to do that so they just
put a desk lamp and pointed it directly
at his face frankly it's adorable stream
close-up it's magic well the corkboard
seen those it's talked about the famous
courts and we call it the famous
corkboard scene because it's it's the
it's the best thing that we collectively
have ever seen well our reaction to it
in this was mild in our screening room
footage yeah because we've seen it
because we've seen it a number of the
first time we've seen this movie and we
watched the famous corkboard scene we
laughed tenfold we might have had to
pause the movie at that I think I threw
up from laughing
and the most important thing to remember
is that this is not some type of routine
operation to hear that sound effect yeah
it was like a like a chatter of a
concert the court bored scene starts off
it's it's a it's a briefing scene and we
know this not because the camera shows
us a crowd but because we hear crowd
noises obviously put in after the fat
not like if it's a briefing room where
you have cops not like general chatter
of cops it's like it like an auditorium
of people making noise it's like a
circus crowds on the bottom you hear an
elephant children clapping it's a
completely wrong sound effect because it
just shows the two guys or the one guys
if we see the one guy and he's standing
in front of a court board with one piece
of paper on it that says Department of
Buildings Department of Buildings we
love this seems so much it's in we have
the corkboard in space cop
there's a couple different scenes where
we have cop with hair on the phone it's
always him right it's always it's always
some he's on the phone and I guess they
forgot to film the other end of the
conversation or they couldn't be
bothered to and it means Peter didn't
die for nothing either that's going on
oh no no they did it again okay what's
on tape he could have deal with the face
that's what you do you cut away
everything or he just shoot the other
part of the scene so he talks and then
they just do a dissolve to his next line
of dialogue Clarkson sunshine sunshine
are you okay okay all right just hang on
I'll be right there okay hang up right
and it's not like they do something
called jump cuts when you're trying to
show a progression of a long period of
time it's kind of the same shot but you
kind of jump edit edit edit sure to show
that a long period I said but but he
fade cuts to make it look like it's a
different version of hair cop coming
from the past or the future and they're
there phase alignment isn't quite in
sync or they or they forgot to shoot the
other side of the television and one of
those memorable scenes took place when
he goes and visits sunshine at her house
and for some reason sunshine has wedding
photos of strangers oh yeah in her house
yeah they didn't just film in someone
else's house and not bother to take down
their wedding pigs which are clearly in
the shop yeah come in the front door
oh there's wedding photos of a strange
couple on your wall right there in the
center of your shot all I didn't notice
maybe she just really loves those maybe
their parents maybe uh maybe she's like
a hipster and it's an ironic she found
him in a thrift store she thought they
were funny yeah yeah it's possible yeah
we don't know that much about her
character
besides because she's in the movie for
like five minutes and also the main love
interest
yeah half the time she's out of focus we
learn more about kingpins girlfriend who
turns out to be a secret cop once they
realize I didn't have enough Moo has a
horrible past of drug addiction I grew
up in Miami and trust me a bad part of
Miami most my life was drugs I was an
addict
really yeah who took a job as an
undercover cop
working with a drug lord who had to
snort cocaine while in rehab for a
cocaine addiction by doing a bunch of
cocaine while she was making a bed for
doing it for good she was doing it for
justice I'll do cocaine for the right
reasons Jay why don't you tell our
audience what dead pixels are all right
well that's when the image isn't working
anymore because an image is just a ton
of pixels and you have one of them that
just goes out but that was that was one
camera of maybe six there's one with
really good depth of field where you and
and it had that orange glow they they
set up light and it looked like like
like it looked good look like scene it's
like a scene from a film characters in
focus you have you have us a nice soft
background and then they cut and the one
thing that sticks out to me is the the
introductory scene of hipster cocaine
villain where he's in grandpa's office
and Grandpa has literally grandpa's
office it's literally grandpa's office
because there's a framed like world war
two is over like news clippings yes yeah
news clipping it there's a bear rug on
the wall he's like World War one statues
on the this is grandpa's rec room no
that's the drug dealer's room you can
tell cuz the drug dealers in he's in
there is really into World War Two
memorial that buns with his character as
a crazy drug dealer he's really into
World War two he lived he lived in the
house that had the grandma mirrors he's
he's really the world war two
memorabilia
we cut to that scene that's it's
completely out of focus there's the dead
pixels that you can really see because
of the giant black bear on the wall tank
ever theory um Peter James
anga he taught film and it was more film
theory is Peter James I an go don't know
anything about the technical side of
making a movie I'm gonna hire one of my
students to help
oh that student had to leave and he took
this camera I'm gonna have this student
this student doesn't quite know how to
focus his camera which is older than the
other one he had to leave this other
guy's gonna come in and help you know
what I mean that makes sense
where where it's like like but he's
relying on other people with limited
experience to kind of help cobble his
Frankenstein's monster of a movie
together and and they're all kind of
like on the the adequate or below
adequate little technical proficiency
level I'm giving him the benefit of the
doubt sure with with as far as the
technical and the technical aspects
because yeah you're sitting there and
you're watching an entire scene that's
out of focus and you're like okay he's
not sitting there behind the camera
going when he's sitting there behind the
camera in those other scenes that are
beautifully shot and InFocus I wouldn't
go so far as a beautifully shot but
they're competently relatively speaking
they look amazing thank you relatively
speaking to be complete out of focus
like I'm on a soccer mom camera graded
and what we're gonna call VI ingo curve
the one interesting note in this movie
is is with other low-budget movies of
this caliber no pun intended the
gunshots are almost always your plastic
toy guns with a with a fake muzzle flash
muzzle flash yeah here they were really
using blanks
yeah yeah you could see the shelves
shells flying out you could almost see
the the bursts of air on that and that
one thing I eyed just know all right
as an actor I would not let somebody
shoot at me with a blank on a Peter
James I n go production because your ass
is gonna get Brandon lead and that
happened on a professional production
yes yes you're talking about the
execution seen in the grandpa's office
yeah yeah yeah yeah you're right which
I'd be like if you if things can go
wrong and a big Hollywood production
imagine what could happen in the hands
of Peter James I can go those blanks
from loud enough and it roused the
neighbors out of their slumber they were
they were they didn't even bother to put
on their shirts no I just wanted to come
up and see what their neighbors were
filming Jesus Christ I guess you can't
get anything right huh what are you
starin dude some what a camera then a
mini look over there I got camera okay
they're multiplying
hot summer in New Jersey that era is
bunch of shirtless dudes at the
background staring at your production
they're multiplying to be fair it's a
big via cameras they're out they had a
reflecting board that you can clearly
see blows right yeah the wind keeps
knocking it out so the face keeps
getting illuminated and then not and so
if you're if you're a looky-loo and you
see like a big old deal happening you
want to go out and poke your head out
here's a tip though I'm no I'm no
Stanley Kubrick or Alfred Hitchcock or
anything but when when you're looking
looking down the lens and you see a
couple of shirtless neighbors you go
like this or as an alternate you go wait
wait wait or is an alternate you could
look down the lens
I made it I made a tremendous assumption
that they were looking at the shots they
were filming
they were looking then as opposed to
like but we have to assume that he he
glanced at the lens at one point I don't
like that assumption we have to if I
don't make that assumption how can you
watch this movie and make that
assumption that is outrageous because
even though it's not in focus
generally the camera is pointed somewhat
in the direction of whoever's talking
well speaking of people in the
background we have to talk about the
special cameo appearance the opening
credits a special appearance by should
say special appearance by the script
supervisor I've seen this movie like six
times I've seen at least three and I
don't remember hardly any of this script
supervisor there's a script right yeah
oh no she's gone she realized she wasn't
shot she ran away and in this particular
situation which is we're going to talk
to the Rastafarian drug lord who lives
in a crappy apartment yes
I'm gonna guess and I'm gonna give Peter
some credit that they only could film in
a crappy apartment building and and and
the stature of Rastafarian drug lord huh
might be above that yeah so we're gonna
show a fence maybe a little bit you what
you here for give me you have weapons
show me your weapons close up close up
because you don't want to show the lady
walking by the laundry basket you don't
want to show like the cans of blood
light on the ground the white trash guy
and the wife beater smoking a cigarette
you don't want to show all that because
this is your Rastafarian drug lord yeah
who's wealthy and in your script
exterior mansion Sadie's bed
mercedes-benz gold-plated fence yeah and
I think
I think yeah he his strong point is his
carrot is telling a story and his weak
point talking about on a on a grade on a
grave this on the ia go grade the angle
curve the weak point is the technical
stuff anyway I'm here to tell you about
my pitch for an exciting new film it's
about two NYPD partners who work
together to hunt down a psychopathic
droplet bent on controlling all drug
trafficking in this country they
traveled from Miami to New York deep
undercover to stop this drug deal
these two detectives worked together
with federal agencies and they tried to
bring this drug ring to its knees and
stop this mania from is hurricane in
terror this is a story about Brotherhood
and justice
that's my exciting new crime drama film
on pictures you guys thank you bro
critics I'm working with what I got here
I mean you're not wrong relatively
speaking
he's trying to tell us this story about
two partners one one has wife troubles
his wife says you work too much you
don't care about our family I used to
think it was something more you know
but I realized you're just the same as
they are they do it all for the thrill
for the power for the hi you're no
different than them you're just not a
criminal the other cop is he was like
I'm cop Ritz is checking out I'm what
part and then at the end they have a
little more like partners who are
partners they they have a titular line
at them yes
oh wait we have a new development Wow
believe us they found detective Dana's
car flipped in a ditch in the side of
the road shit
what about is she okay
you know this job may suck the pay is
stress at least we don't have to go at
it alone partners bodies by the way that
character that we were just given a ton
of information about five minutes ago as
she's dead she dead
oh and I don't new third bad guy who
they just arrests and then the film ends
they arrest him in a in a VFW hall he's
introduced and arrested in the last five
minutes of the same scene he's
introduced and arrested you saw the very
same drugs you see so you use pescetta
son to the same drug dealers you took it
from masterful masterful Church all that
so the DEA is having his big meeting on
a fold-out elastic folding table in
tables with someone related to the
production's relatives surrounding him
because they all look horribly confused
the lower thirds are in the viewfinder
and they fade it out faster than her
shot in the partners have had a long
partnering and I go to the diner and we
get we get a little a little treat
little little easter egg a little
director cameo yeah it's at the very end
of the movie it's the last scene of the
movie well it was obvious that this is a
director cameo yes it was it was
blatantly obvious that we had because
there is a zoomin it's me oh and he's
wearing a t-shirt that's clearly a
reference to something some other thing
he was involved with it pulls the paper
down it's me
what the fuck of you it's the epitome of
what makes a good bad movie the the
clueless director the clothes director
and a film that keeps on giving and that
is partners there there's so much
problem so much giving so much giving
pump are probably so much yet to
discover we'll probably only here
grandpa starring in the background next
time patience patience
we love this yes and and we love it in a
bad movie kind of way and we encourage
everyone who's watching this program
right now to find their copy of partners
it's still available on DVD for about
five minutes until this video goes up
and then it's not anymore
expect exorbitant prices it's worth it
it's worth it and Peter I ain't go is
still working we actually looked a lot
more we he has a movie on Amazon Prime
now that like it looks like a movie it
looks confident
yes we're like okay this is this is a
movie we did to be fair we scrubbed
through it a little bit we didn't have
time to watch the full how I'm sure the
movies terrible but it looks like a
money
if Peter Yenko has any sense he has done
his best to scrub any trace of this
movie
guess what Pete start making copies
you're gonna have some orders soon it's
going in the b-movie Hall of Fame just
accept that fate and make a buck off it
right at this yes a ma we got a and I
just doin generic game I'm a guy I'm
from Jersey shut up my look we got to
get those crates apartness DVDs out of
the basement there weren't the food
should mine shut up I know you're using
them to hold the trailer my bi use a new
trailer partners oh actually shit I
gotta I gotta go I forgot something Oh
what did he forget where is it going hey
rich was a long bathroom break yeah I'm
back all right all right
was it going
