Dec 12, 2008
Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Star Trek Generations Review (2 of 3)
youtube.com/watch?v=azSh47-oRPI
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-generations-review

this was once a see so we're on the
seabed of onion tchen to see but since
they didn't do that we got to talk about
this fucking rocket now I'm not a man of
science I'm a simple man I'm an old man
so assuming this is a class-m planet I'd
say their son is about as far away from
us as our son is right according to my
calculations a solar probe launched from
either to Klingon ship or the planet's
surface will take 11 seconds to reach
the Sun so how in the house or on rocket
gonna make it that far in 11 seconds
take us between 8 and 15 seconds too
long our weapons on to it light takes 8
minutes to reach Earth from the Sun and
that's warp 1 saurons rocket doesn't
look like it has a warp drive on it here
what if it did Worf would still have
eight minutes to shoot it down unless it
could go like warp 9 I don't know about
that though it was just a normal rocket
it'd probably take like a month to reach
the Sun but then a blasts off it escapes
the gravitational pull of the planet and
hits the Sun in like five seconds
now what is this kind of wily coyote
logic they expect us to believe this
bullsh
again not an expert in science but I'm
pretty sure that if the Sun turned off
they'd freeze to death in like one
trillionth of a second not when I'm not
an expert in this I just know a good
cold in my shed number eight Rikers
command and competence the way Riker
commanded the enterprise in her final
moments is actually shocking my dead
wife could have done about our job and
she's dead
so the Klingons use dirty sunglasses to
catch a glimpse at the enterprise shield
frequency that's it
replay from time index 94
they set their weapons to match the
frequency and they're able to hit the
enterprise their weapons just go right
through the shields stay upon the way to
penetrate our seals the wall would have
corrected this problem I knew I was
screaming it at the screen in the
theater the manager told me to leave but
I knew what to do
it changed the shield frequency stupid
ever since the Borg it's become a common
procedure even commander Tuvok knew how
to do it in Voyager
I've been rotating the shield frequency
every 10 seconds instead Riker started
babbling about a plasma coil is there
any way we could use that to our
advantage
plasma coil the plasma coil this plasma
coil plasma coil plasma coil applies
before the plasma coils plasma coil
problem so instead of saying like fire
all weapons fire all weapons repeatedly
over and over again until they blow up
keep firing photon torpedoes non-stop
you know I could have done that he tried
to hatch some kind of brilliant plan and
really they could have overpowered that
little ship in a second
shields are no shields done to make
matters worse by quarters that dumb
broad to pilot the ship down get inside
a woman I get to do something I've never
done before which is drive the ship
we'd given the keys to like the blind
dude you know the kid the teenager had
the keys
we threw the keys anyone in red who
happened to be passing that day you know
and then finally you know
you
I realize he's like the captain or
according to everybody Rikers the best
pilot you're gonna need one heck of a
pilot to pull that off is that you I can
do it
truthfully man you want is commander
Riker and I don't think you're
particularly good first officer but you
are also the best pilot on the ship
number nine saucer landing engaging
impulse engines so that that Troi
she's too slow on the controls and she
can't hit the buttons fast enough to
make the saucer part fly away from the
part that's going to blow up her general
incompetence leads everybody to their
doom
so she crashes the haul of the
Federation flagship in a forest
I once crashed my Cadillac into the
forest that's what killed my wife as a
bunch of smashing and crashing people
flying about even the furniture comes
off it slides around and then Worf takes
out a little flashlight why does he take
out a little flashlight what's he gonna
do with that he's going to shine it on
someone he's gonna shine a light showing
somebody where they're gonna smash their
face she's shining that light on so then
the dumbest thing happens right and it's
very quick very subtle so they actually
show the windows of the enterprise break
like smack like a like a glass window
they probably said hey the ship's
sliding around why don't the windows
break that'll make it exciting with all
the stresses that a starship must endure
do they really think the windows are
made of glass so what are the windows
made of you ask I'll tell you
transparent aluminum that's the ticket
laddie
that's right that's the same that Scotty
used to build the whale tank out of
there be whales here in fact data even
confirms this in an episode the
transparent aluminum alloy of this
window is exhibiting a pattern of
transient electrical currents this movie
just kind of throws any kind of
scientific logic out the window out the
window get it ah number 10 - stupid
Nexus now people like to bitch about the
way Kirk died he fell off a bridge then
the bridge fell on him he was trying to
save a pre-industrial civilization that
we never saw or we care anything about
that's not really a plot hole it's kind
of like just something that's stupid
so Picard ends up in the Nexus in the
middle of a Christmas caroler or
something Tiny Tim is there as Christmas
tree he realizes eventually this is all
some kind of weird acid trip
this can't be real and I finds Garnon in
his house but gyne was just on the
enterprise I thought she would on board
the enterprise I am
I'm also here think of me as an echo of
the person you know I guess it's a
guidance ghoster part of god and
something so if you leave you can go
anywhere anytime
all right I know exactly what I want to
go to the mountaintop on Veridian 3 just
before Solon destroyed the star I have
to stop him so instead of saying like
let's go back a couple days and I could
punch Sauron in the in the ten-forward
lounge or let's go back a week and uh
never meet Sauron he doesn't do that you
can go anywhere anytime
all right I know exactly what I want to
go to the mountaintop on Veridian 3 just
before Solan destroyed the star I have
to stop him but I need help so pro cards
like come back with me I need your help
we have to go back to a planet Viridian
3 come back with me millions of lives
are at stake at least stop son come back
with me and help me punch Sauron I want
you to leave the Nexus with me we have
to supplement call son from destroying a
star but Kirk's like can I go back to
the enterprise be and not get killed I'm
Pro cards like no I need someone else to
help me punch Sora let's go
maybe Picard wanted to go back just a
little bit because he couldn't find
where he put his favorite sunglasses now
the final and salt how cheap can you be
to reuse a special effect especially one
that was the finale of the previous
movie come on spend the extra $60 and
blow up another Klingon ship me for
fuck's sake we're not watching this
stinker for the plot just to be
absolutely certain we're going to
compare these two shots okay
maybe these two ships blew up the same
way I guess it's possible anything's
possible in Star Trek but you know what
I think I think they're being fuckin
cheap cheap like my wife that's why I
killed her in that fake car accident I
mean
