Dec 25, 2010
Merry Christmas
youtube.com/watch?v=k1DQabcJzD0
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/18660915356377089
redlettermedia.com/merry-christmas

where is the episode are you working I
had almost done it yet what is round
we're gonna you're not really watch it
yeah what's wrong with your face
it's wrong with my face what's wrong
with your face
fuck I'll have the review done by the
end of the year okay probably maybe it's
almost done hey I'm not fooling filet
bullshit do you mean this year or next
year such as Christmas I thought there's
some murders with you written to me by
some of the good children of the
Internet Johnny in Sarasota Florida
writes
hey where's the episode 3 review you fat
fuck Sally and Rockford Illinois right
I'm not getting what I want thanks for
ruining Christmas you bastard blanket
equals the Grinch and lastly Tommy from
Riverside California writes don't cares
about your stupid movie all we want is
the review you figured you're 15 minutes
will be up soon you fuck up I know and
I'll be laughing at you stupid fuck good
I can feel their hates look I'll just
set the hatred aside for just one day
this year as hard as it is for me I'm
gonna say it Merry Christmas pal p om
when um well fuck yeah
Oh
