Aug 11, 2011
Mike Stoklasa (Mr. Plinkett) interview by THE SYNDICATE
youtube.com/watch?v=_X43Tq9EE78

Star Trek first contact is the three
thousand nine hundred and sixty seventh
worst film ever made hey guys here we
are at the Chicago Comic Con with Mike
Stoke Lassa from red letter media how
you doing Mike I'm doing great how you
doing I'm doing awesome um I was exposed
to red letter media just a few months
ago through your reviews of the Star
Wars prequel films now I know that's not
all you've done but how did how did the
the whole concept start out well I
originally started I wanted to make a
review of Star Star Trek generations it
was just like a pet project of mine I
had a lot of free time at the at the
time and uh I was I I had bought that
movie I hadn't seen it since it came out
I bought Star Trek generations I watched
it and I was like oh my gosh you know I
hate this movie and why don't I just
make a like a video essay about all the
little things because it's like if
you're having casual conversation with
someone it's hard to really like nitpick
the whole movie and kind of talk about
it so I made a video review of that and
it was like I think it's like 25 or 30
minutes long something like that and
it's it started to get like popular
slowly people started watching it and
actually just made it for me you know I
didn't really care that anybody watched
it it was just something fun to do at
the time so it started to get like
passed around on message boards and
stuff like that so I was like okay well
I don't really like any of the
next-generation movies that much so I'm
just gonna go on to the next one and
then it kind of snowball from there way
I did all four next-generation movies
and how how many hits are we talking
about on those on those videos those
were not a lot the biggest one I think
generations was about 30,000 and and so
it was fairly small so I decided after
that it's like well what do I do next I
should probably keep doing these these
are fun people like them I'm getting a
lot of good feedback and you know my
friend rich is like well you know the
next obvious thing to review is Episode
one with the Phantom Menace it was like
oh you know cuz that's that's like so
difficult you know it's like oh my gosh
where do you start
so I made that one and that was 70
minutes so I posted it in seven parts on
YouTube on my same channel and um and
that one got really popular when Damon
Lindelof the producer lost in Star Trek
II he twittered it and then Simon Pegg
did and that just that's that was like
the explosion moments it went viral
basically pretty much yeah yeah and just
so we know how many hits are we talking
around the Star Wars videos now total
would you say well it's a bit sad about
like 3.5 million at this point and how
does it make you feel wow it's great a
lot you know a lot of people really like
it
do you feel I don't do you feel like a
celebrity at all not really no I mean
people come up to the booth and they're
like you know you change star wars you
change my opinion and it's like
you know what's funny is I mean I I
definitely felt a lot of the same things
you did but I've seen Attack of the
Clones a hundred times but there's so
many things that I never notice until
you pointed them out and I just think I
mean out for example how many times have
you seen each of the prequel movies not
not that many yeah and you're very
insightful a lot uh well a lot of people
say like how did you have to watch it a
hundred times to kind of find everything
it's like I don't know I think I'm just
observational like I just noticed little
things okay now let me ask you where did
the voice come from um I do the voice
irony little boys for mr. blinker that's
me the voice originally came from my
friend rich Evans who did the mr.
Plunkett character a long time ago in
short films that we did okay and he is
he's in our movie he's he's on our show
half in the bag which is like a movie
review show
he plays blanket on camera so when I
started to do the generations review I
recorded it my normal voice and was just
horribly dry and boring I was like you
know what I need to do this in a
character and I need to have funny bits
throughout the whole thing little asides
that he says little little jokes and I'm
like okay and then I started doing it
it's like okay this works you know it
works that it's a like kind of a creepy
weird guy that's talking about this
movie but making valid points at the
same time so
it's a contradiction you know but so I
was kind of doing the voice that my
friend rich day so does he feel he
deserves credit for that well everyone
on the internet calls him fake blanket
and so that and then other people point
oh no he was the original plugin and you
know he it's a different character kind
of you know I I made up all the other
subplots on the stories in it so right
and now what about I'm gonna guess from
washing you stuff that you have got some
background making your own films or your
own videos is that true well I went to
film school in Chicago so and I've been
doing movies my whole life and editing
is really kind of what I enjoy the most
so you know in addition to like the
cutting it's also what what's what's
playing underneath the video too and the
type of video and and you can really
kind of like especially documentary you
can make someone feel a certain way by
the images you show mixed with the audio
and the voice-over you know so it's you
know it's just a just a talent I guess
it's what I enjoy the most and that and
when I did the generations with you
that's what I wanted to do okay you know
take the movies footage and kind of like
be able to manipulate it and not
manipulate it it sounds bad I guess make
a point in it and that's the kind of the
way that I could express my feelings on
the movie was was writing part two right
now we do a weekly show called half in
the bag it's me and my friend Jay we do
weekly movie reviews we're sort of like
um it's on a set like a bad sitcom set
it's supposed to be in mr. plinkus house
and my friend rich plays blanket he's
back again the original blanket and we
play VCR repairmen
that are there there's like a little
story but every week we do a review of a
current movie or pop culture or
entertainment kind of stuff like we'll
do a review a recap of this convention
stuff like that so we're probably going
to shoot another feature film soon I did
one cup feeding frenzy a couple years
ago which is still out and that's pretty
much it whatever whatever we decide to
do you know
are you going to eventually do the the
original Star Wars trilogy or have you
done that I don't think you know no
reason to right he's nervous no reason
to other people have other people have
done it where they take it and they're
trying to do sort of like a mr. blanket
thing like oh the these movies have
horrible flaws too but yeah just don't
work comic books in the could assemble
or something
