Dec 12, 2014
What We're Playing RIGHT NOW This Very Moment
youtube.com/watch?v=JPo2iAYOWM0
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/543477579836325888
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-what-were-playing-now/

hi jack hi rich today we're going to
talk about just the games we've been
playing lately because quite frankly
there were no new releases that looked
in any way shape or form interesting so
I'm just like I'm going to talk
about FTL
I I may as well start I guess I've been
playing Grand Theft Auto 5 which
everybody knows is the like seventh or
ninth Grand Theft Auto game that is
called five because whatever we don't
know how to count
I know they just recently released it on
the ps4 and the PC and all that jazz
since the bigger fancier version but I
just have the ps3 version you guys
I bought it when it was new and
that was a dumb thing to do apparently
Grand Theft Auto is an open-world game
and and you can basically just do
whatever you want it's good they call
it's the original sandbox game and I
think the reason you were criminal in
these games is just so you have any
excuse to just start hitting somebody in
the face and that's fine in grand theft
auto's world and you play as a thief so
thematically it's okay and you know you
do missions and you do general crime
stuff but you know the focus has always
been on just having fun
five is more fun than four by one degree
by a boy don't buy more than one for you
there thank you very much
and an with five they took a step back
like you know maybe maybe this should
have been fun good car physics they're a
little bit goofy but it's fun and that's
great
that's great the gimmick in five was the
three different main characters and I
know I'm old now right because you got
the young guy the crazy guy and the
middle-aged family guy I identify with
the middle-aged family guy that's the
one I can see my yeah I'm Michael I'm
Michael I'm not the young guy anymore
and grab those out oh I'm the old guy
I'm sorry rich it's okay so I'm gonna
play grand theft auto 5 and you know
what I haven't even been focusing on
story missions much I just drive around
in that game and I have fun that I think
that's been like the the trademark of
all of the really good grand theft auto
games is just walking around oh it's
like you're like I'm in a city
right I'm in a city and I'm not a real
person so let's just see what I can get
away with you could get on a bus and go
to a real city all right but you can't
just randomly punch people in the face
if you do that
hey let's bounce bounce bounce so Jack
what have you been playing I want to
talk about this game that I've been
playing called super time force ultra
this game is a side-scrolling action
game much in the vein of contra Megaman
that kind of stuff
it has pixel art it has a ton of humor
and like potty humor and it is a
action-packed shoot-'em-up yet I don't
like it so you've been playing a game
that you don't like because all of the
elements of this game say that I should
like it I like pixel art I like shooting
games I like side-scrollers and I like
pouty humor yet here we have super time
force ultra and I don't like it
that's fascinating it is it's weird do
you know why you don't like it on one
hand it's this very simple shooter you
get different characters they have
different guns different powers it's
super fun but then on the other hand you
have this really complicated time of
manipulation mechanic and that's and
those those two parts of the game don't
mesh in my tiny crocodile brain because
it's supposed to be this simple fun
action game and every time I find myself
getting into the flow of the action I
run out of time or my character dies
which is something that's supposed to
happen in the game because the whole
selling point of this game is this time
warping mechanic where your character
can die you can rewind time and then
choose a different characters that play
the same character and then you're both
on screen at the same time okay okay it
kind of remembers what you did exactly
and so then you have two people fighting
the same enemy and then if you die again
you can have three people and if you die
again you can have four people and you
can use different power-ups and and
different attributes while manipulating
time back in
the selling point of this game this
unique time mechanic because what kills
it for me
because I find myself really having fun
until I have to rewind time graphically
I'm okay with pixel art but it seems
like just the way screen flashes and
whatnot
it looks really confusing just to look
at that game
it is there's blue things flying at you
and I'm like what the is that how
can you tell where you are with all this
going on
there's blue things flying at you
there's a ton of your characters running
around there's little flashy things that
you need to pick up all of the bullets
kind of look like the flashing things
you need to pick up but it's okay if you
get hit by one of the boats because then
you just rewind time but then you
there's another character also
cluttering up the screen it is a hot
mess
rich goddamn it what else have you been
playing I've been playing an old game a
very very old game and I absolutely
love every minute of it this
rebel stronghold has no hope of escape
commence the attack
gog.com who I talk very fond of good old
game good ol games.com they sell DRM
free games most of them are older games
but that's ok because they just released
TIE fighter
what the is time my
fighter jack you know what a Star Wars
is don't play coy with me how many Star
Wars are in this game there is there is
precisely one Star Wars in this game and
it's at the beginning as it flies back
from the camera
TIE fighter is is a game where you fly
around in a little spaceship and you
shoot it thinks superficially if you
didn't know anything about TIE fighter
you might compare it to the rogue
squadron games when you fly around the
next wing shoot Tie Fighters and whatnot
this is actually more of a simulator
than it is an arcade II type of game and
what would you say the difference
between an Arkady and a simulator an
arcade II game like the rogue squadrons
or even like starfox it's it's it's it's
not trying to recreate what it's like to
fly it's just it just gives you a little
ship on the screen and it lets you just
shoot at things and you don't really
have to worry about anything other than
maybe a little bit of steering and what
you're shooting at next very simple good
yes
very simple controls TIE fighter asked
you to fly a starship all right I'm
gonna have to dig it out somewhere in my
closet I still got like the original box
to this game and this game actually
ships with a full car it's like a sheep
this big and it lists every key in the
game and what it does all right there is
a key for transferring energy to and
from your shields there's a keep
transferring energy to and from your
laser beams there's a key that sets your
throttle to one-third speed another one
for two-thirds and then full throttle on
the no throttle at all and then there's
a another key that how much power you
have to the tractor beam and then
there's another beam for switching
between targets but then you can save
those targets by hitting shift f5
we're like shift f6 and then you got to
save spots so if you want to retarget a
ship you would pilot targeted hours ago
you can go back to that ship so you can
retarget it Jesus Christ it's it's it's
like a science fiction flight simulator
right it's like Microsoft Flight
spaceships this sounds terribly boring
it sounds terribly complicated and in
its it's it's wonderful I'm sure in a
wardrobe squadron it's great just to
shoot at things but this looks like you
have to know what you're doing in order
to shoot at the things and for me
personally it just makes it that much
more satisfying
it's like you're not just following a
ship you got to worry about throttling
down because he's decreasing his speed
hoping you'll overshoot him so he can
get a beat on each you got to be careful
about what speed you're flying around
but if you slow down rotors shoot the
guy behind you you're slowing down so
other other ships might be getting on
your back then shoot at you so you might
have to dodge really quick it's great
it's great and that's that's just the
flying mechanics all right there's more
just more to this game I love kind of
the way they handle difficulty there are
primary objectives which are simple
enough to do where just defend the base
defend the base you got the primary
objective you go on to the next level
right now there's also secondary
objectives secondary extra things you
can do to further the Empire's goals
because you're an evil TIE
fighter pilot who's trying to crush the
rebellion and preserve peace and order
in the galaxy from those chaotic rebel
and the pirate scum they
hang out with so so and the secondary
objective instead of just defending the
base they might want you to like use
your systems to scan what's on the other
ships so they know what kind of supplies
that the enemy forces are using and you
might you might get more points just by
doing the secondary objectives but it's
harder to do you know instead of just
shooting at that ship that's in front
you might have to get close enough to
scan it first and then outside of the
primary objectives and the secondary
objectives there are secret objectives
which means you're going above and
beyond to preserve the Empire you're a
nerd I have a nervous but I mean it's
the kind of depth that game has and it's
just I can fall into that game for hours
it sounds like it sounds like a game
that would have an incredible learning
curve but once you got the muscle memory
down to know what everything does it
would be an incredibly immersive
experience I I can definitely attest the
fact that it's immersive as far as the
learning curve I've been playing this
game since I
younger person basically I played the
game since the time it came out
originally so I can't even say how long
it takes to get into it because I've
I've been into it ever since but it is
newly released new reel newly released
on gog.com the Empire is on the verge of
success so yeah what else have you been
playing lately I've been playing a game
called Telugu inch and to contrast with
the crazy complexity of TIE fighter this
is a top-down twin-stick shooter
you play as a scientist working on
experimental teleportation technology
and everything goes wrong so you need to
fight your way out of your complex from
zombies monsters and robots I really
have been getting into it because it's a
game that has an incredible atmosphere
to it it does this very strange thing
but I usually top-down games you can
kind of see the entire arena right and
so even if there's a wall in front of
you you can see on the other side of it
this does a very unique thing with how
it handles its walls and pillars where
you can't see around them so everything
is line of sight so monsters could be
hiding right around the corner and you
would never know
I'm gonna call this game nauseating it's
nauseating in a great way where there's
no music to the game there's no
soundtrack it has beautiful sound too
and like all the enemies sound really
creepy and there's this ever-present
like hum of a generator somewhere off in
the distance and so it just has this
like they could get they can get
constant every once in a while you'll
come across the talent glitch the
teleporter technology has ripped holes
in the fabric of reality and so there
are these like black gooey areas that
have like these little chromatic
aberrations coming out from them they're
like they almost look like they're
separating the RGB layer and they kill
you instantly if you walk into that and
so but and they also have this like
we're there's everything sounds great it
was a small three-man development team
and they made this incredibly deep
challenging atmospheric game so I think
it's worth it even though I will
probably stop playing it because of how
hard it is it's just so hard
Jack what else have you been I've been
playing a game that's a top-down
twin-stick shooter roguelike randomly
generated game there are games I like
what with what that game happened to be
Binding of Isaac rebirth I've been
playing The Binding of Isaac rebirth
and I've been playing it a lot I've been
playing it so much I've been derelict in
my other duties because I've been
playing it so much so you play as this
little naked boy who cries on monsters
and you are running away from your
mother who's trying to kill you I think
the person who made this game has some
other issues I know you're a fan of
Isaac and this is the new one rebirth
what is different because I've seen a
little bit of it plot was it sounds like
it's the same plot what
what does rebirth bring to the table
that original Isaac that's the thing
rebirth is a remake of The Binding of
Isaac which came out a few years ago and
became this kind of underground into
hits what it adds is basically a lot of
Polish the the original game was kind of
janky to get running on your system you
didn't it didn't have controller support
even though it's a twin stick shooter
had some bug's here and there so it
fixes all that adds controller support
adds the originally intended pixel art
style of the game which he couldn't do
at the time also adds literally hundreds
of new items they also added these new
monsters and one of the monsters pukes
on you that's what it is and he farts
and he has diarrhea and it's childish in
a horribly awful disturbed way there's
one powerup you get that gives you a
unicorn horn that gives you rainbow
invincibility powers and there's another
powerup that sticks toothpicks in your
eyes so you cry more
Oh yet it all kind of flows together
which is a hard thing to accomplish I
feel and so it mixes this very weird
story with very tight gameplay and it's
it's all meshed together in this game
that I could play just forever it's got
a good soundtrack it has it has
memorable monsters
it has memorable power-ups and it's one
of those roguelikes that's so difficult
that when you win and you're alone in
your room you pump your fists in the air
and you hope nobody notices so rich what
have you been playing well it will come
as no surprise to anybody that I have
been playing FTL
FTL is if it was my first experience
with a roguelike game but I think they
might be calling them rogue lights no
because I guess roguelike games aren't
much like rogue but I hope yeah gives
you about that it's a game where
you're given a little starship and it's
got a modest amount of weapons and
you've got a small crew and you have to
fly through space you have to get from
one end of space to all the way to the
other end your space you get it you get
to fly through you know one sector and
one sector is a star map with a bunch of
maps and once you fly to a nearby star
some kind of event happens every jump in
FTL it's like a new little
self-contained adventure you go to the
planet and there are alien spiders
attacking and do you choose to help them
or not
and you know if you choose to help them
you might beat the spiders back and get
some scrap or you'll probably lose a
crew member because the spiders kill
them so never never fight alien spiders
but still something different happens at
each map it may be look each little
start point more often than not you have
to fight another starship and then you
put your crew and weapons against them
and you can you can target areas on the
other ships you have to be smart about
what you're shooting at you shooting at
different parts of their ship damage
different systems and so you as captain
you get to make all the choices what
your shooter is shooting at you know it
could be the door systems it could help
you you don't know I know you'd be far
better off shooting out their weapons
maybe but maybe maybe the enemies have a
lot of shields so you want to take those
shields down first so you can actually
do serious damage on the weapons you
have to make these kind of decisions
when playing FTL
I've actually unlocked everything an FTL
there's like eight eight different ships
you can unlock and every ship has three
different layouts I've had them all for
like a month now but I keep playing the
game
there's nothing left for me to do in the
game I've done it all but I keep playing
the game and I'm trying to figure out
why and it might be because victory is
not guaranteed so maybe it's because
it's still something of a challenge I
don't know but I know I know I enjoy it
a lot in these games there is this
randomly generated content which means
you will not be getting the same items
the same powers every time you play
these games and there is a psychological
theory by noted psychologist BF Skinner
and it's called a variable interval
reinforcement and what this says I had
to write it down because that's a those
are big words he put rats and pigeons in
these boxes and he set up a little
button for them to press and every time
they pressed a button they would get a
little food pellet and then you know
they would get a food pellet that eat
that go about their day and whenever
they were hungry then pressed the food
pellet and he said to himself how can we
get them to press the button more and so
instead of 100% reinforcement whenever
they press the button they get food he
would give them random
my reinforcements so they could press
the button ten times and no food but
then the 11th time they'd get food then
they press the button four times nothing
the fifth time they get food right
randomly generated reward randomly
generated or rewards and what he found
was that all they would do is constantly
press the button because they never knew
if they were gonna get food or not so
they would just press the button all
day
this sounds both fascinating and
horribly cruel yes
let's let's think about a game in which
you get regular rewards like an RPG in
which you fight a monster you get the
same amount of XP every time you defeat
that monster what happens the grind the
boring grind where you kind of
half-assedly fighting monsters until you
get to the boss and that's the big
exciting battle so imagine these
randomly generated roguelike games where
any boss could be crazy powerful could
give you any item right in FTL if you'd
blow up a ship you could get him an
amazing weapon you could get a ton of
scrap it's randomized so because the the
outcome isn't set and the reward isn't
set it's both a challenge because you
don't want to die because you have to
start over the game and there's that
excitement about what your reward could
be hmm
it's it's really interesting because if
you think about it every battle in FTL
is an exciting battle yeah and part of
that is because like you're thinking
about like oh what's scrapped am I gonna
get me ooh maybe if I beat these guys
I'll get an extra crew member maybe I'll
get a weapon right huh so that's what
makes these randomly generated games so
enticing is not knowing the reward
we'll get you know Mario I mean it's the
same thing every single time Mario you
know what world when one's gonna look
like you know what world 1/2 is gonna
look like and you know it's always
they're not not so with FTL no and
that's part of the excitement what is it
about us because we've we've streamed
FTL a number of times right and there's
always people who say it looks boring
why I don't know I don't know do you do
you think if those people actually
played the game it would be appealing
and they would get it
I don't know it's do we just like boring
things I am a twitchy arcade gamer yeah
I want to shoot them up so I want the
bullet hell's I want all of the action I
find more excitement in FTL than I do in
most modern video games even though you
can pause it at any moment Call of Duty
I found FTL to be more exciting than
titanfall
oh yeah easily because and so anyone who
says FTL is boring you know it's just
not their kind of game so to kind of
wrap up yeah how do we wrap this up weed
Hey exactly like that
