Jan 10, 2015
F*ck You, It's January! (2015)
redlettermedia.com/fuck-you-its-january-2015/, youtube.com/watch?v=-YFyu9aAZow, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/554052267213881345

hey Jay do you remember SARS now hey
Mike do you remember HFR is that also
some kind of deadly infectious disease
no it stands for high frame rate
remember Peter Jackson thought it was
going to revolutionize movies by making
them look worse oh I remember that what
a hit
hey J do you remember Ebola I do that
spread just as fast in the United States
as the popularity of 3d movies hey J
speaking of movies do you know what
month it is fuck you it's January
oh there's a storm cloud over here all
right the fuck the fuck did you do ships
it's perfectly good empty bottle of
booze that's right J but after taking a
look at the film slated to be released
in 2015 we're gonna have to change our
saying - fuck you it's year that's right
Mike we're in for another depressing
year of remakes and sequels where the
only Escape is putting the barrel of a
gun in your mouth but make sure you have
it aimed at your brain and not the back
of your throat I've made that mistake
before
let's start with another taken film
taken three taken again starring Leslie
Nielsen that's right Mike when one
simple idea provides some moderate
success at the box office let's make it
as many times as we can or at least
until Liam Neeson stops loving money
what other sequels can we look forward
to J Paranormal Activity 9 the ghost
dimension Jurassic world oh great
insidious chapter 3 why are they chapter
Mission Impossible five Alvin and the
Chipmunks four seriously fast in the
Furious 7 Mike I think it's just called
Furious 7 now they dropped the The Fast
and the part because the target audience
for those films can no longer read more
than one word at a time well that's okay
cuz Paul Walker can no longer read
anything what what what The Hunger Games
part for Mockingjay part 2 of 2 and a
half isn't that the movie that caused
Philip Seymour Hoffman to shoot himself
up with a deadly dose of heroin no that
was the Fast and the Furious 7 that
doesn't make any sense
now he's called Philip see les Hoffman
cuz he's dead it's so much easier to
make fun of dead celebrities they can't
do anything about it but their lawyers
sure can don't forget Mike 2015 also
offers a wide variety of first sequels
to some of your favorite films that's
right if you loved these films the first
time you're sure to love them again when
it's the same film just with the two
after it I can't wait
what are these movies Mike Hot Tub Time
Machine 2 paul blart mall plot two
Avengers two this time with the same
amount of action the woman in black -
was there a woman in black one Maze
Runner - why that's
awesome amazing would have been better
why why would amazing Ted to Magic Mike
to sinister - Hotel Transylvania 2 pitch
perfect 2 pitch perfect 2
that's nothing to sing about I don't get
it
what are you dumb is that it JB you mean
to tell me that there are no remakes
this whole year silly terminator remake
Mad Max remake Point Break remake
poltergeist remake national lampoon's
vacation remake with everyone's favorite
at homes also known as box office cancer
Fantastic Four remake Batman remake
Superman remake spider-man remake
starring Tobey Maguire Abbott and
Costello Meet The Wolfman remake
Catwoman remake starring Halle Berry
Hunger Games part to remake the
Flintstones remake starring Lady Gaga as
Dino guardians of the galaxy remake the
1987 World Series remake mask remake
this time share plays mask well at least
we can always count on new and exciting
superhero movies from Marvel they have
their films planned out for the next 37
years and I'm sure they'll never ever
get stale movies like
where they're putting all their eggs in
one basket everything don't fall over
this it goes down really far absolutely
but Mike you're forgetting about the
most anticipated film of 2015 are you
talking about get hard starring the
elderly comedian Will Ferrell no the gem
movie a film based on a forgotten 1980s
cartoon show for little girls in elderly
gay men now the Cinderella reboot now
the Jungle Book reboot no dammit I'm
talking about the Star Wars Episode 7
the force awakens oh that movie to be
honest I'm not all that excited about
that but I know someone who is oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah you can't even get a
healthy man are you
