Jun 22, 2015
E3 2015
youtube.com/watch?v=EMqJWo1XMAs
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/612985233021911041

hi jack
I rich okay so eat III is in town
III is in town and you and me we both
sat down and we watched all of the the
major conferences yep good morning and
welcome investing in and shipping new
exclusive franchises is critical to our
platform success
oh god this guy's got dick head written
all over him
it pained him to put on anything other
than a business suit Xbox yeah uh where
to begin
you know what Xbox got shit ton of halo
dawg
those look stupid those look really
stupid that looked that looked like
Shadow the Hedgehog the the big
announcement as far as I'm concerned is
backwards compatibility today I'm
pleased to announce Xbox one backward
compatibility
let's hear about the limitations if this
were this were easy or free it would
have shipped with either there's a
select number of Xbox 360 games that you
can now play on your Xbox one
it's there fighting against the 360s own
success is what they're doing it's like
they're desperate for people to buy an
Xbox one I think right I mean this is
the kind of thing you would normally
have on release to ease the transition
to the new console doing it like a year
a year and a half later and it reeks of
damage control almost to be quite honest
with you I'm shocked that they didn't
try to push some sort of Xbox 360
subscription service with Xbox one
backward compatibility we won't charge
you to play the games you already own
there there was one moment during the
xbox conference that piqued my interest
a little bit and we see an interesting
looking world and a little robot dog
yeah that's all we know about the game
so far and it started off a trend in
Xboxes III where they decided not to
show us any gameplay for the games that
they were showing ball ha ha ha ha ball
bot nothin I don't know I have no idea
shooter is a puzzle game you have to
build robots for your ball this is it a
real-time strategy game where you build
more robots and develop balls put in
robots what is it whoa look at those
things
once again I think this is all great
what kind just maybe start off with what
kind of game it is then show the
cinematic you know if I were watching
this as anything other than like like on
its own like this trailer popped up in a
link I would have turned it off by now I
haven't given up this trying to figure
out what this is
they've lost me now Odin where is the
crew that information has been
classified
Odin what am I going to find behind this
door I hope somebody finds gameplay at
some point behind a door all this shit
that tells me nothing about the game I'm
really getting sick of it yeah there's
some asteroids what the fuck are you
doing the game
it's about space kind of mmm oh they
said mmm old they showed lots and lots
of asteroids I don't know if it's an MMO
asteroid farming simulator well it's
from the guy who made dayz so it might
be just dayz in space so that's the
selling point it's made by the dayz guy
why would I be excited about his next
game when he didn't even finish his last
one you know what I think that's called
rich that's called a sick burn we did
get a few gameplay glimpses Laura Croft
the rise of the Tomb Raider and the new
Gears of War game I lumped these two
together because they had some
similarities in their gameplay footage
which was walking along a set path and
then a series of scripted events happens
it's basically a walking forward
simulator
no one's picking up no need to worry
just yet
please welcome acid chisel bash acid is
alack not a made-up name by stark
comparison horizon rise of the dawn rise
yeah
they started off you know this trailer
and they they explode a great length
explaining the setting like the world in
the world in chaos now and that almost
went on too long we weren't the first
ones here our story's sake of the ones
that came before
oh and then they started showing the
game like okay I get it now okay this
canister should be fooled right now
just a couple more
rogue robots are like wild animals like
that robot dinosaure she finds
tyrannosaurs robot Tyranno wrote Tyranno
robot Rex robot a Tyrannosaurus robot
robot asaurus robot asaurus rex yeah
okay the the lesson here the teachable
moment is during the backstory what was
your level of interest in that game like
nothing world the old ones is so
different than ours
they have built in incredible cities
during the gameplay what was your
address event oh wow this is interesting
oh oh I get it yeah yeah yeah it looks
like this is an actual game where did
you notice how there's no paths that
you're walking real right right you have
to fight a monster and you get to choose
how you fight the monster you appear to
have freedom of motion
everything about this looks neat and
they also you know they went back to
last year we saw a little bit of no
man's sky they had a larger presentation
on no man's sky this year because they
know it went over well last year and
once again it wasn't an extended trailer
of cinematic moments it was some guy
playing the game he got a ship and he
flew her up this a giant sandbox that
were making a universe sized sandbox
it's full of choices now I'm gonna say
I'm a little bit worried about no man
sky no sure I know it blew me away last
year I'm like oh this sounds like a
really cool idea if you can get in a
spaceship fly to any planet and explore
any planet right my problem was the
scenario we saw looked very similar to
what we saw last year and even though
there are supposedly thousands of
planets billions I'm very worried
there's not going to be enough variety
in those planets another thing that they
that they brushed the dust off of to
show the Nerds was the Last Guardian
Pepsi but you know you don't control the
dog cat chicken directly I mean there's
this little kid who like just like in
the other ICO colossus games jeez he
talks in gibberish nickim oh look a
doorway my god and he kind of tries to
tell this cat chicken dog what to do
yeah you give the dog commands like you
again like it like you would give a pet
like he would give a pet and that's how
you solve puzzles in the game and it
looks adorable and wonderful and
everyone just wants to play it it's not
coming out until next year it is it is
one mod away from being just the best
Clifford the Big Red Dog game of all
time
now before we move on I just I just it
needs to be said out loud how great the
animation on the cat dog chicken is I
mean it moves and behaves exactly like I
would expect an animal to move behave
it's just great I mean whatever time
they spent making this game I'm sure it
was just been studying dogs like I think
this developer where's his interest on
his sleeve and when he started making
this game he got a new puppy
so he's like here's the thing everybody
we're making a puppy game by the time
the game is out that puppy's gonna have
died of old age oh it's really true it's
I don't care about Final Fantasy 7 I
don't know I don't care either great at
last the promise has been made
speaking of boring Jack they unveiled
uncharted 4 and it crashed this way yes
it's it's another Uncharted game
third-person shooting vain platforming
vague scripted scripted events you get
it I get it yeah
fine make a movie like a movi make a
movie you'll be happier I think I would
like an uncharted movie yeah it could be
a fun it's like a modern adventure movie
I would like to see a modern Indiana
Jones make me like a less exciting
Indiana Jones sure a modern Indiana
Jones it could be yeah I mean it could
be a slightly more exciting Jewel of the
Nile mm-hmm a Romancing of the Stone
nintendo's 63 Nintendo 64 my puppet body
is ready and then we get to Nintendo I'd
like to preface this I am a Nintendo
fanboy I by default enjoy Nintendo they
had one of the lousy Asteria shows I've
ever seen what else can can these
figures do if you put the figure on a
Skylanders portal they act as a
Skylander but you can twist the base and
switch it to amiibo and it can be used
as an amiibo in another Nintendo game
the only thing I really took away from
this that I've a thought that was
interesting was that Miyamoto designed
the original Super Mario Brothers on
graph paper that was great they took out
like the old paper who use any like the
drawings on there and you realize oh
this world 1 - those are the original
it'll be filled in the
the dots are that the 16 by 16 pixel
squares and he drew that in on a craft
paper by the way next year
don't tell us about the new games just
make a documentary about how you made
Super Mario Brothers and everyone would
be a lot happier the list like the last
half I mean they had so little game
content the last half of that
presentation was just a Mario's 30th
anniversary musical they said hey we
have Star Fox they spent the next 40
minutes talking about toys you could buy
for the game you already on and then
they showed us YouTube clips of people
playing playing Super Mario theme that's
all and then you have Bethesda you have
these people who are just passionate
about the games they make and they speak
about them with their heart yeah and it
was really nice I don't even necessarily
care about their IPs
but it was very refreshing to see people
who actually care about the games
they're making talk about the games
there
you got you got Boosh McTeer over there
saying that they're gonna revolutionize
the way we play games because now you
can play games you used to own already
yeah yeah this this year the Xbox one
comes in blue it's a revolution in the
color of game you can play boom and boom
there's doom
now I'm not I'm not a big doom fan as
you know I grew up a console player so
doom was never a big part of my
vocabulary what I will say is it seems
like they have kind of browned and grade
up doom
I don't remember it's a shiny brown and
gray it's very shiny brown engravers but
here's here's here's my background right
I'm I am a big Doom I I was like a day
one doom fan like the day it came out I
remember waiting for it to come out I
can't wait to get my hands on that
shareware doom yeah yeah baby and this
isn't really doom in software is for all
practical intents and purposes deck none
none of that original group
Carmack Romero everyone has moved on and
they're they're doing other things so
what you have with do for is just a
first-person shooter that happens to
have the license to use the name doom
everything looked very same II it wasn't
just mishmash of blah I couldn't tell
that you know you know I know there are
problems I couldn't tell the difference
between the the IMP demons and the
normal zombie man everything looked the
same yeah I think I think the I think
that's a problem in general with modern
game developers is they're oh they're
afraid of a little bit of camp and the
first doom game had bright red devil
monsters it's like they want something
that looks realistic for some reason
even though that's probably not the
right path to take
yeah that's it
so winners losers
III 2015 big winners is I'm sure the
conference hall in California employs a
couple hundred people hey oh I am an old
man Jack I am an old man yeah and I
remember the days before online live
streaming and for me
III was always wait until it's almost
over go to IGN or Game Stop and just
look at the big list of games they
announced and that's all I cared about
that's all they need they don't need to
do this floor show nonsense they can
just get rid of it all and pick a day
and that's that's press release day and
then everyone just gets a list it would
be great
it would be a great day and then
everyone puts up the clips on YouTube
and then you can choose and then all the
blogs will pick it up it would be a
imagine all of the excitement without
all the pomp and circumstance it would
be great if you're like III without the
douchebags
