Return of the Undertale (part 3)
December 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEAQH7skqvo

told you act to go back dammit please
just cheat
I've seen people dick around in that
puzzle for over an hour it's always
boring you basically got it rich just
use the solution call papyrus you know
this ledge is way too steep you know us
you and that right he'll put your
umbrella and climb up on my shoulders
why isn't he going
do I have to hey you know what dude do
what you would have done and this is
what you would have done then people
can't bitch about things being spoiled
right yo you got ahead don't worry about
me I'll always find a way to get through
yeah oh no now can I not go back oh
you're trapped
oh we're traveling now we're trapped I
did not expect that the humans afraid of
our power declared war on us they attack
suddenly and without mercy in the end it
could hardly because of our united the
humans were too powerful and s monsters
too weak
not a single soul was taken and
countless monsters were turned to dust o
Missourian sound of a distant music box
it fills you with determination you're
committed to that bit right the
determination that's right that's fun
that's fun
oh okay I thought that was I said the th
e re I thought that was there
the real Avalon says it's pronounced the
real Val the Oh God the the real of a
real villain they on and oh Claire they
on I can't read things I'm bad at that
the real very real they on and it's
really on it's really on it's not real
they on it's not you Claire
it's o'clair even though it's spelled ei
you Claire it's pronounced oh Claire
okay rich it riches nuh-uh you've been
to Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon oh
no you don't know Wow
shit take it easy take it easy
slow and steady wins the race Jack slow
and steady well likes just under that
path that's kind of great
you don't know you don't need up really
chefs a slow and steady has never won
any race that's kind of the opposite of
what a race is backwards I have no idea
where I'm going I'm going
some 100 also you don't stop when you
stop sometimes he moves specifically to
the
nope hey I got out of section 100 it's
gonna be fine nothing's gonna happen
nothing scary no monsters nope
sounds like it came from over here you
were falling down haven't you are you
okay here
get up
you
those partners matter that's the second
verse please keep this voice when this
character appears later Moki huh that's
a nice name
my name is blurt it blared lurk oh you
can swim apparently I didn't know that I
was a garbage got a few brands you
recognize yes just garbage garbage trash
heap yeah persistent garbage habit shows
no signs of fare - boughs of garbage
yeah got a few brands you recognize
piles of garbage there got a few brands
you recognize piles of garbage there are
quite a few brand you recognize barrels
of garbage there are quite a few brands
you recognize the waterfall here seems
to flow from the ceiling of the cabinet
occasionally piece of trash will flow
through and fall into the bottomless
abyss below viewing this endless cycle
of worthless garbage makes you
re-evaluate your life
no it fills you with determination to
revalue the cycle of your life
just gave it you rest your hand on the
rusted bike its horn wheezes a hunk of
despair
wait no a beat-up desktop computer the
inside is empty like yes so it's a good
it has no brand and shows no signs of
wear inside are a couple of freeze-dried
space food bars take one damn straight I
will you got the astronaut food it's got
a tag that's we colored the DVD case for
an anime some one of those Japanese
cartoons where they have the big goofy
eyes the purple hair it makes me sick
desperate claw box cover the edges seems
like a regular training dummy do you
want to beat it up damn straight I do
pilgrim you tap the W something done
Jack skip through the dialog too fast
but I shift fucked up that dummy I bet I
did
oh my god it's a fucking duck it's a
duck dummy with eyes fool you think you
can hurt me
I have a ghost that lives inside a dummy
my cousin used to live inside a dummy
too until you came along
chipmunk when you talk to them they
thought they were in for a nice chin but
the things you said it's sickens me
horrible shocking unbelievable you
spooked them right out of their dummy
now they have no dummy human I'll scare
you so right out of your filthy stinking
human buddy
mad dummy blacks the way mad dummy has
seven attack might have sporting defense
because they're a ghost physical attacks
look fair bit of a pitiful pitiful why
do I look like a Picasso I'll take my
pick my just buddies shove them straight
up your sunshine hold o you dummies
watch where you're aiming your magic
attacks hey you forget I said anything
about magic there's no magic here
Oh God can you talk to me me the dummy
it doesn't seem I don't see much for
conversation set your mouth yeah bean
but the Dukes up no one's happy with
this I'll defeat you and dig your soul
touch my hair bones it's how we do
things here in Chinatown you've talked
to me me the dummy I don't see much for
conversation no one is happy with this
no one's happy with Jax Denson he looks
like a goddamn loopy bum a flapper I'm a
flapper it looks like they've got a
flappy monkey I'm a flapper that you
just sold across the barrier this music
is the jive Turkey man no wait what's
the good one not jive Turkey jive
turkeys bad this movie this music is is
ripping it's not jive Turkey just jives
Jaya do dare this is daddy Oh mumsy
Turkey
I'll stand in the window of a fancy
store when I get out of here that's
right a store
because we're that communist where I
come from we like good old-fashioned
American consumerism
I want products you can take your free
health care and shove it where the Sun
don't shine sunny I'm gonna go buy a
Christmas tree cup of coffee from a
coffee chain that actually likes
Christmas plain red cups what is this
world coming to
then everything will be the way I
remember it being in my memories of a
past that really wasn't that great to
begin with that dummy is getting cotton
all over the dialogue banks getting
worked up over my cranky views of how
the world should be my sense of American
dominance is fading in this world when
China's growing into the top spot all of
Europe hates us but that doesn't bother
me because I'm an American and I don't
care what those filthy Krauts think
because you can't keep going what was
the name again cuz I don't remember
things I don't remember the things that
I don't care about I only remember the
things that I care about if I don't
remember it that obviously wasn't that
important because my world view is the
only view that matters
you're probably from China too filthy
communism whatever whatever whatever
dodge my mushroom gloves cuz that's how
we won the war goddamn it
the old-fashioned nuclear bombs was what
made this country great god damn it
butyl it's futile you filthy Rendon wait
why am ia text pink I don't like pink
changing tank color you filthy mushrooms
why am i hanging out with a bunch of
mushrooms that shoot pink that's
completely contrary to my made-up
character it's foolish it's foolish god
damn it oh I've been shut you get me yes
I can't say that anime is proof that to
Bob's right enough we didn't go far
enough if I had my way the only anime
would be a smoking radioactive crater in
the middle of the ocean that's my kind
of anime I like good old fashioned
cartoons with Moses and buddies
it took jokes no cut people with swords
then I got no purple fruity hair they
sing songs fancy songs damned
girlfriends and look identical to the
way they look only they got a bow on
their head that's what makes you a girl
you went bows fancy bows goes on a lot
to him pence girls with pants they think
then men they can be men that's
struggling get back in your house and
soul
why aren't the things I remember them
being the way they were dummy but stray
again I'm using robots and missiles now
the good old-fashioned American Way
yeah wait didn't we just go through the
whole spiel that monsters can't have
souls or that last after they die how
could there be a monster ghost this is
Gunther in the lore that we've just been
told that makes me angry
hurry up and defeat me because I'm out
of horrible jingoistic things to say go
USA I like flags we're gonna shove my
nuclear bomb into your hide right near
heart oh he'll use it yes it's an
ice-cream now your fancy red communist
ice cream it's a good old-fashioned
American ice cream vanilla it's the only
flavor we need you got your fancy
grapefruit vanilla extract watermelon of
horseshoes strawberry ice cream it's
fruity and I don't like it why didn't
you eat ice cream you got to help I'm
gonna murder you because you're only a
too damn health I can't I can't do it
you'll be stuck fighting me forever and
ever and ever forever I've got a loopy
they must have slipped me some of that
LDS it's in my coffee black acid rain
I'm saying I'm back in the dialog I'm
supposed to say I'll forget it I'm out
of here back to mom and apple pie sorry
I interrupted you didn't I as soon as I
came over your friend immediately left
oh no you guys looked like you were
having fun oh no I just wanted to say hi
no no well I'm going to head home now
oh um feel free to come with if you want
but no pressure I understand if you're
busy it's fine no worries to start I'd
offer it's rich doing Donald Trump or
Archie Bunker is there any difference ha
hey my house is up here in case you want
to see or in case you don't feel calming
tranquility you're filled with
determination
where's the other one well don't forget
about that fell doesn't it it's gone
it's gone jack it's going forever rich
it's gone the forever oh oh you really
came sorry I wasn't expecting that
it's not much about - make yourself at
home
saying you kind of sound like vodka
little lot it's actually a Lionel from
pork pork and space
some people recognized that there were
people saying pork pork yeah I love that
voice it's one of my favorite
just listen to cool tunes yeah oh that's
my TV there's a show I like to watch on
it sometimes the computers internet
browser is opened to a music sharing
firm oh are you hungry I can get you
something to eat if you eat a sandwich
sit on the ground not moving until
something happens this is a ghost
sandwich do you want to try it for that
that was dumb
hello you attempt to buy it into a ghost
sandwich you face right through it how
do you hold it it doesn't make any sense
never mind after a great meal
now after a great meal I like to lie on
the ground and feel like garbage it's a
family tradition do you want to join me
okay follow my lead here we go you lie
down as long as you don't so only move
around when you want to get up I guess I
should not have turned down this book
glad a music this is it's not you know
what it's it's you know what it's
turning oh my god I see stars
oh the edges of the screen are waving -
have you ever done drugs feels a little
like this now you know what was in my go
sandwich hi I put drugs in my sandwich
so I can listen to my music and
experience the universe
do you like drugs
do you like the universe ooh bitch ooh
it's nice
you know man thanks for coming over
sometimes drugs aren't as fun when
you're alone sometimes there's the
bedroom first one I remember how I died
do you ever look through the horseface
to see the man face
he's a good face
okay that's enough directs well that was
nice thank you
but you think Oh druggie useless
dirtbags
it's locked
and as we are we safe oh we've seen the
Magus we've saved anyway I see a dummy
there are so savings probably good okay
if he'll coming tranquility you're
filled with determination
what no this is not what what what what
it's a living doesn't seem like anyone's
home
that's weird
which way we come in from down its path
or the left no I hear we have a sign
that tells us these things what awkward
I'm working right now I mean
welcome to the blue family snail farm
yeah I'm the only employee this place
used to get a lot of business but our
main customer disappeared one day now
it's just some hairy guy that shows up
once a month do this name some reason
and you can't help but wonder what it
tastes like
during spends in front of you this is
too obvious what the jokes were that's
now what are you talking about yeah may
talk about like if I didn't look away
from him well maybe like just get your
mouth right up learn those are you
talking about like what if I what if I
drop the soap over here
that wouldn't be a good idea because
then the soap would be on the ground
I've been long overdue for a second
house this guy doesn't have any at all
he's homeless the snail is counting
dollar bills he bought the snail shell
thank you put me back in my snail shell
you know that is this a great they might
be giants on Jack is upset that my
favorite they might be giants album is
flood not he really cares about this for
some reason I'm upset that you refused
to believe that any other album is as
great as flood flood is great I'm sorry
great album what is it guys say
everything else they've ever done is
terrible that I say that no do you want
to play a game
it's called thunder snail the snails
will race and if the yellow snail wins
you win ten G to play okay rich you got
the Z that's the action button okay
okay you have to press Z repeatedly to
encourage your snail you know I could
probably help though because I think
they both work okay ready yeah
alright D there's gonna be a joke here
word doesn't matter three
wait stop encouraging him stop stop stop
something's wrong oh yeah you keep doing
because obviously I've set my snail on
fire
looks like you've encouraged your smoke
too much really got to her may you enter
by game is cap and a snail snail race
and if you do and just ng to play you
play I play okay
press Z repeatedly to encourage us now
ready I'm gonna knock on touch it
doesn't want press it that's not a
little bit no huh
all right I prove this attempt out with
the game I don't think it's working
unless he speeds up really fast at the
very end there's just a possibility I
press it a lot yep say like as I stops
it
oh my sin well you have won somebody
fucked it up oh you both tried their
best but the snail looks discouraged her
best was not good enough no nothing at
all can nothing at all the pie game is
cut understand the snails race and if
the yellow snail flings he'll play okay
press zero to beat the little girl is
now ready okay no piping ok this big and
it's just spoiling everything
yeah yeah
why are they saying oh they're saying
what you have to do which I'm not gonna
repeat okay fuck it and I might note
encouragement strategy this now make it
on his own
this is awesome music okay
doesn't work like this you both today I
get a bass but the snail look at these
cards or than good not to play again
with us now Oh goodbye ghost friend
goodbye ghost friend
then their snail is done okay Oh a box
used wax is an ice cream
ah where I'm going to reach over well oh
sorry you guys I've got some a jug for
sale there got some big jug for sale
I've been around a long time
yeah I got maybe two long series II lose
so much of it yourself
the emblem I have the Bible you don't
know what that is what are they teaching
you kids in the school nowadays jingim
the kingdom materials you know of the
kingdom is the kingdom monsters monsters
very name as I always say Oh king fluffy
buns you can't name the beans King
lovely buzzes is really happy-go-lucky
kind of guy
maybe he whatever I'll long enough you
probably meet him he loves to walk
around and talk to people we were like
we were like you kid he just talks
anyone talks why do I call dear good
dreamer lovely ones oh that's a great
story
I don't I forgot what have you come back
much later I'm sure I'll remember by him
my lad well remembered by then and I'm
actually three days history the original
meanings been lost in time what happens
just happening it's time right now it's
time when I said before I was later was
earlier and all you know is that the
triangle symbolize us monsters blow and
the winged circle of light that
symbolizes something more like Brower
was can get him in something most people
say angel oh yeah I know the promise
when the moon is high in the sky and the
tide tides low way no way wrong one
let's fasten angels will descend from
above
bring us freedom freedom from this
horrible cave we're living in that has
ice cream and fun games lately if people
were taking a Bleeker outlook cuz
they're getting sick sick it's like ice
cream and gangs call it wing circle the
Angel of Death cuz they they really hate
ice cream in games a harbinger of
destruction waiting to free us from the
ice cream and games my thing when I see
that little circle I just think it looks
you know it's kind of neat thing
underlying gashes look around here kid
yeah written determination lunge far
away at Tama Royal Guard as the people
at the swords and spears mm-hmm
actually just just came through harassed
but something look just like like you
kid exactly 100% like you
again that striped shirt and that goofy
look on your face it's also pretty
accurate and I much fat kid buy some
item some items
written what this way we lost the other
one I was gonna make a clap oh god oh
god
it's gone it's gone forever it's gone oh
hey that's great
did we miss one looks like we did the
Zaius says earthbound they say this is a
little earthbound sq I've never played
an earthbound Oh a little earthbound II
ever found you know as a more
traditional RPG but a similar humor and
that that was a little brick and mortar
ish I guess it was yeah ramble Oh rad
the ramble on hurt beaten and feel for a
fearful for our lives we surround we
surrendered to the humans seven of their
greatest magician sealed us underground
with a magical spell anything can enter
through the seal but only beings with a
powerful soul can leave there's only one
way to reverse this spell is a huge
power equivalent to seven human souls
okay attacks the barrier it will be
destroyed
we've only got one human soul so but
this cursed place has no entrances or
exits
strawberry pancakes wants us to
highlight us singing all in the family
there's something about okay I have
talked about Jevons about that he does
that he's gonna put that in his head
right now there's there's no way a human
a human could come here we will remain
trapped down here forever
Burnley we had to play a candy box -
candy box - everybody wants us to play
everything except the game we are
currently playing at any given time I
think I think these are just supposed to
be notes for us like yeah put it put it
make a nipple Oh special enemy Timmy
appears here to defeat you
oh no to me oh that cute humans but
you're allergic
get the fuck out of here Tammy forgot
her other attack temmie flakes yeah
I did tell me only once the Technic
likes I did I did feed you at any place
good night I did
feed temmie flakes yep yeah Timmy only
wants the temmie flakes charlie only
wants at any flag hey I was a no-show
hungry
oh you bitch
how are you supposed to avoid that me
why I don't think you were do it Timmy
is doing her Harris and her hair's looks
so on Fleck tomato they must tech tenet
flags
yes I ate doughnuts please recommend
games we shouldn't play oh it's gotta be
a way around that right can you go under
the screen is it like a tent vibrates
intently feed Timmy tell me only about
the Teddy plagues so hungry
no that's bullshit bullshit
Timmy accidentally misspelled sir uh
name hi D Eunice they all go up now can
you go up now no it's gotta be a way to
avoid that there has to be right right
Oh her head maybe I don't know
Tammy forgot her other attack or
whatever wait how do I get back to
please never play battlefront again no
problem
tell me I bet high yeah actually I don't
think something I don't think this is
working
don't lose hope Moki stay determined I'm
so sorry we missed all that snail Rio I
don't think I ever missed must much
actually oh oh that's right hold on I
went through all this dialogue I don't
know if I have to go through at all
yeah what's going on Chetan how you
doing doing all right great this is
great there's a chance of grand I
probably won't be playing Star Wars
Battlefront anymore and I own it so hit
Z to skip dialogue well no I want to I
want to cycle through it in case like I
need to have listened to his stories in
order to unlock something later okay I
don't know if that's a thing is that a
thing maybe I don't know if that's ever
a thing in a gamer you like you need to
listen to one certain story in order to
bainfield death it says best stream in a
while which kind of amazing is I thought
we've had a lot of good streams in a row
you know we're doing it who's dreaming
up storms dreaming up your stream here
say oh okay
we don't have Timmy flex that's
something we would need oh I get it
can you buy them here may perhaps I get
it
we don't have Timmy flags we're 40-foot
walrus says you guys are on a warm
streak I'll take that nailing it other
other than battlefront I thought we've
been nailing it even battlefront you
know that is fine battlefront is a style
of game I can't stand mm-hmm no there
are no Timmy flags here forever
where are they are they in the box is
that box empty
what do we get from the we got an ice
cream
it's a bunch of this stuff we all heard
you know human seven Souls remember that
remember all that everybody everybody do
we remember that wait was it seven or
eight souls Dec 7th all
don't be a dick seven Souls
Timmy special enemy Timmy to me luck sir
talk talk to her you say hello to Tami
hey I'm Timmy Timmy forgot her other
attacks oh well it looks like I won yeah
fucking really fucking easy can't
believe a fucking easy that was by three
out there all right maybe I didn't hit
the thing oh it's just dark try feeling
your way around see what happens that go
up or down
all right
oh oh I see it opened up a new path over
here merci merci
I don't have to do anything one of the
other lugli
like ye mulled ba mulled big gyrates
reservedly you don't see many hybrid
RPGs slash bullet hell games I'm gonna
hug him crow slime covers you your speed
decreased no big need some distance hug
it appreciates your respective its
boundaries oh lucky there the engine
there we go yeah we did
mo big mo big mold a big
it's not mold bug because mold mold big
or go home dude for realsies your nails
in it without candles are magic to guide
them home the monsters use crystals than
having eight yeah it's getting a little
loud Oh what happened oh my god that
sounds what's that this Moss I didn't
put the phone
crystals
nope
a monster that's okay wash you off and
Aaron appear anything to you this at
home
great so Grover deb-deb Somalian water's
fine
fuck
okay he seems to be the quickest I think
they take down all right
Aaron yeah he's gotta flex he likes
everybody's tired
great dude dude dude looks you contest
okay that's more it's three bucks that's
right
you harder
Aaron fuck she's twice as hard dice I
won't lose though never stop for blue
Aaron is ready for my next flex Aaron
fuck sorry hard we flushed him some out
of the room Powerflex
huggy snuggle says I want to flex more
thanks nice great your HP who's max out
great
oh darn spot
fuck you know I'm terrible
it's rinsing off a pizza don't rinse off
up heats how you eat pizzas equation
why'd you do huh
what did you do to hide clean okay I'm
sure the others probably worked
different ways green music really
staying to the bottom the gaps are
bigger I asked a washer on a coming me
really means game and I still got it
green means clean so sensitive a little
first okay Mercy Mercy anyone yeah great
it's a mad cleaning robot Jack
so I have to use an item now because I
got out of the battle I'm okay well your
way through it
go I'm doing it I have no idea where I'm
going probably the wrong way you just
come in on the left should heal yourself
know that you're out of combat great
okay thank you that was the big question
is whether or not like your wounds
shit oh that's all right I can do I can
do this wall bug on hug it appreciate
some air strike another is great
what you hand
oh jesus fucking christ fuck oh my holy
fuck
yep I'm terrible but I need to heal but
I gotta get rid of mold bug
I'm terrible
uh-uh holy muffins jakela you know I'm I
died that was a that was a risky
strategy to try to take out the the
thing and it didn't work it didn't work
