Return of the Undertale (part 2)
December 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52VgNw1eJYw

get some eggs I do I'll need some eggs
I'll need to make them that'll help my
voice nope maybe yeah are you sure you
don't want to read all of that again it
fills you with determination
hmm this is a box you can put an item in
or take an item out why would you though
you can you can't use items wandering
the box yes you Lou
a box hater is sure put in the bags
we're gonna take something out of the
box because I'm in a jar box now that's
our tough glove now can you go down
there no I just did oh I didn't know if
that like skinny thing was like a secret
passage or without know what not flour
that's what I thought something behind
that rushing water Oh
huh there's a camera behind the
waterfall mm-hmm all right all right
well oh that's good
great know what Oh
oh my god I didn't know I could do that
that just happened that was great you
discovered that Oh what what wait wait
wait I don't know I'm so sorry
hi I'm here with my daily repo mm-hmm
regarding that human I called you about
earlier huh
did I fight them yeah well yes of course
I did hmm I found him like valiantly
saved through so much that did I capture
them no I did try very hard in DES but
in the end I've failed Oh what you're
going to take the human soul you sail
but in done you don't have to destroy
him you see you see
ha I understand I'll help you in any way
I can
Oh what I think that's actually like
pretty genuinely creepy yeah yeah
everybody's been a cute cartoon who the
eye is still owed and faded away I was
all very neat yeah hey hey yo you see
the way she was staring at you man that
was awesome I'm so jealous
what'd you do to get her attention
come on let's go watch your beat up some
bad guys a feeling of great dread trade
a feeling of dread hangs over you but
you stayed a term determined I get that
the whole determined thing now I get it
Oh dad when four bridge seeds a line in
the water they will sprout
yeah
undyne is a chick I think papyrus has
called Undine her several times I
believe I don't know
all right boom wait go back but that
looks like a little secret
oh yes I'm sure something will happen
there later but for now special area but
Aaron flexes it Aaron flex is it dude
that's a super buff and handsome
seahorse that's great Aaron okay Aaron
seven attack to defense this seahorse is
a lot of HP extreme horsepower all those
attacks are harder to dodge at the
bottom of the box check all you why oh
my god to be certain enough holy fuck
Aaron sweating bullets flex you're gonna
try flexing you flex
twice as hard but take increases for you
to good legs you contest
okay let's more whoa oh he's sweating oh
yeah you got you have the right idea
with flexing aris ready for your next
flips you're Aaron Turkey - boom let's
harder Japan let's just twice as hard
Jack freezes for you - oh nice I lose
though yeah yeah yeah Aaron's ready for
your next flex P flex Aaron flex very
hard
oh he flushes himself out of the room
you won oh it's all so adorable
can you read that thing No
you read it like I think no I think it's
just there to tease us
oh wait seeds flowers and seeds when we
ring the bell right the bell blossoms
can cards go read the same well tray
do me
they have to all be touching their right
it's actually yeah you need to go that
way like to four down yeah yeah remap le
oh I thought I could throw him down for
the British nope nope what doesn't
oh I guess you could do that yeah I I
thought you were gonna go in in a column
cuz I know of what a column they thought
it very excited about it it's a thing I
know now thank you
congratulations you failed no that's
great you know this game that's kind of
a door right hmm I think I know how the
slums yeah yes
oh very Trixie
you got it rich yeah I'm puzzled master
you're apparently super smart at puzzles
involving flowers Oh No hello this is
pop iris how do I get this number you
shut up it was easy I just doubt ever
numbers sequential until I got yours Oh
what do you I'm asking for friend
describe it slowly she thought she saw
you wearing a bandana favorite customer
says have you seen the man from Earth if
not why the fuck not I haven't seen the
man from Earth I don't know what that is
is that true you wearing a bandanna are
you wearing don't think so did you
I'll say yes you want he's our enemy now
remember okay yeah say no you're right
so you aren't wearing a bandana hmm
doubt it you're my friend so I trust you
100%
ooh have a nice day yo now we have any
sparkling stones on the ceiling it
explains the sky underground oh that's
fine that's fine
thousands of people wishing you take a
rest you take one rest John I'm gonna go
get some water
thousands of people wishing together
can't be wrong the King will prove that
we should move what oh my god wash wha
shuffles up what the fuck is this thing
act wash you up
clean your an aquarium you asked why she
would to clean you always a tub
he jumps around excitedly green means
clean oh shit oh I was terrible why she
wonders of Tears our sanitary healing
item
spare you one you are hero XP in 25 gold
seems my horoscope is the same as last
week's
look through the telescope yes yes oh
stars
well sparkly things in the ceiling and
there's some kind of puzzle element
there's got to be right right big star
top left three blinky ones on the top
right - doodads in the middle it might
mean something right oh okay
my just walls broke down that was
comically easy ancient writing covers
the walls you can just make out the
words the war of humans and monsters why
did the humans attack indeed it seemed
that they had nothing to fear humans are
unbelievably strong it would take the
soul of nearly every monster just the
equal just to equal the power of a
single human soul but humans have one
weakness ironically it is the strength
of their soul its power allows it to
persist outside the human body even
after death the monster defeats a human
they can take its soul in monster with a
human soul a horrible beast with
unfathomable and thinner than the power
it's an illustration of a strange
creature there's something very
unsettling about this drawing
okay so humans have incredibly powerful
souls and if a monster defeated a human
it could take the human soul and be
powerful so that's the thing we can look
forward to in the future I think great
I'm missing so much of the story I know
I had to get water and I also had to go
to the bathroom because of all the water
I was drinking it was a whole thing
oh my god who done shit
shit shit sweet Jesus ain't nothing
ain't no thing what's what's your role
what's your dodge roll is don't get hit
with the Spears it's my dodgeball oh
snap snap nice I like the way they go
from sappy to dark right
the chances what do they say
call papyrus he can help but that just
might built that might be them just
fucking with me
yo did you see that undying just touched
me oh I'm never washing my face ever
again
oh man are you unlucky if you were
standing just a little bit to the left
yo don't worry yo I'm sure we'll see her
again oh wow
Oh Oh cause his face hurts why do we
want to call papyrus when I handled that
just fine I don't know that's what the
choice I think like I said I think they
might just be fuckin with me so don't
ask you are you can oh they might want
more dialogue with you yeah see what
happens okay watch your step
down really cares about this grass for
some reason okay no oh I think maybe
maybe you were supposed to like panic
and call him assumed I was chasing you
what were we invited whatever maybe we
accidentally got through a very
difficult puzzle just like it by
accident there's something like one way
you can walk through the grass and I
just randomly did it baby I doubt that
this cheese has been here so long a
magical crystal has grown around it it's
stuck to the table there's a mouthful Oh
squeak squeak
Oh squeak-squeak-squeak oh they're good
maybe they know their bits knowing the
mouse might one day extract the cheese
and mystical crystal yes I certainly am
non of us says something Jack said in
the video saved my marriage
my wife and I were not connecting on an
intimate level she asked me to finally
share what I was feeling I looked at her
and I said I want to fuck more and you
know I had to stop and read ahead when
when intimate getting home yeah just
make sure it's important if you do want
to fuck more and to let the person who
you are fucking in your life know that
you want to fuck more so congratulations
Anonymous I'm glad hopefully that you're
fucking more Oh
oh I got it I got to do this voice again
yeah get right out of town
I'm thinking about getting into the
telescope business
it's normally 50,000 G to use this
premium telescope but since I know you
you can use it for free I was about it
yeah oh oh oh
pink it's just pink well that's exciting
and we gotta have a flag over there can
you move it around oh my god Jack what
check your genius oh you know it's kind
of a genius I like I had no video get
kind of a genius
I mean there's nothing that look at pink
why is it pink is that as far as you can
go to the left and right oh hey Brady
I'm gonna call the joke
he left the lens cap on oh yeah
you are satisfied don't worry
I'll give you a full refund
Atticus Rex I do hope you know if if you
and the person who you know you have
fuck with want to fuck more I do hope
that you fuck more I'm not wrong a
fucking more as long as it's consensual
as long as it's consensual you and the
person you make fuck with oh it's the
stare can you touch it can you get oh my
god can you kill it
yes I used on
oh but what what what what faced him
towards the camp oh he had he did have
like a pink thing on his eye no after he
looked in the telescope well I can't can
say no it was too late mr. Laird they
said you guys missed the punchline I
relocated my store but there are still
no customers
fortunately I've thought of a solution
punch guy yes but every time do you buy
an ice cream then you would take a punch
card for the box
thank you up three cards you betrayed
them they're sure to get customers to
come back yeah ice cream it's the frozen
treat that warms your holiday Cook says
yep some day you guys should try DC
Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks
but not today I love the undertale
voices gobbledygook think about it I
don't know what DC Universe Online but
we will think about it thank you Galvis
every time
would you like some making fuck buzzer
yeah that's a great song clicks the
ancient glyphs have been painted over
with a list of 21 different flavors this
game has a ton of personality who take a
card
we need five by three and you get three
cards for something what happened I
forgot what the deal was yeah if I could
it was buy more do it I'm swimming I
scream heels anyway we need health stuff
favorite customer um you know something
that I did in blood-borne I was doing
some some what'd he call him dungeons
not John dungeons the chalice the
chalice dungeons and I I got one of
those NPC helpers and I was thinking
what the fuck I'll try it out and I
really liked it like I just had a little
helper I think I might actually enjoy
like multiplayer blood-borne yep you
know just like a little helper or you
could be the helper you know make it a
little easier for someone it could be
nice cream puffs glove anyway
I did get a I got a little bit farther
in blood-borne and I even went back to
the DLC area just to sprint past every
enemy and get some weapons I cheated a
little bit and looked up weapon
locations so I have the fire hammer and
the the Beast saw thing the fire hammer
I love pretty badass but I just I
couldn't I still can't i'm not leveled
up enough to fight anyone so i just had
to grab the weapons and leave my DS
brickle
but I think I think like that level up I
might go and try to like help some
people out might just be available for
people it could be fun I think yeah yeah
oh we just got a free cream okay that's
fine okay we have way of cream I think
that's good oh sorry I wasn't stuck I
just wanted to try try it out and like I
did of course you guys helped me defeat
vicar Amelia which was I mean which was
great I could have done it eventually
but you know we need it we wanted to we
wanted to get that done quickly but I
had an NPC following me around the
chalice dungeon and that was super great
fYI everybody I have something to do
here early tomorrow so I'm just sleeping
at the studio tonight I'm probably gonna
go late with the stream after Jaco is
home I'm planning on playing blood-borne
today yeah
listen here's what'll happen I'll go
home go home right now
and put on blood-borne I don't play
together I love love born I did it you
know I was talking to rich about what we
should play tonight and rich mentioned
like blood-borne it's like oh I would I
would love to play blood-borne but
new game new game is more important Oh
oh my god walk into a mold small molds
of all oh that's right how do we beat
these guys we just have mercy mr. both
oh that's right
great you won
it's paraffin too late but a little
ballet shoes really believe me Phillips
Melly ballot shoes ragged scribe says
does bloodborne have the best combat in
any game ever answer yes stamp find
combat damn fine coming you know what it
works for the game I wish you had a bit
more help you know I know the
difficulties the thing that's part of it
I like games were a no death run is
attempt about it's just not with
blood-borne I like your no you're no
blood echoes lost rather idea so I might
try Ford tonight is that I gonna fail
does it feel hard but I think I don't do
great hey ro this is pop Alice remember
what I asked you about clothes
well the friend who wanted to know her
opinion of you is very now word not dear
human the Pirates would never betray you
you said you were not wearing a bandana
so of course I actually told her you
were indeed wearing a bandana it paid me
to tell such a bold face haha but since
you aren't wearing a bandana she surely
won't attack you now you are safe and
also sound wow we this is hot I just
want to be everybody's friend click are
you wearing a bandana I mean that does
not look like you were wearing a bandana
is you have like an ambit bandana
equipped
No okay great did we tell him we were
weren't you tell you told him you were
not wearing a bandana and so he said you
were wearing a minute
okay so everything's good what is that
accent I have no idea it's a little
southern and it's also a little like but
that's what the accent is a little
cartoony screen junkies are stealing our
stick up front no shame at all
what stick what specifically is going on
what's going on
I don't think we can stop people from
doing things unless they're actually
taking content of ours yeah if they're
like uploading videos that's stealing
but if they like talk about movies and
video games a lot of people do that
sadly it might just be our fate to be
the ramones of YouTube no wash you and
Aaron appear oh well you know how to be
able to Aaron I don't want to fight no
nope
scram adapt no need for a swimming suit
oh this is great that's just that's just
great oh I was easy
Aaron sweating bullets literally won't
act that's what I want
mm-hmm clean us wash you want to clean
you it hops around excitedly Oh means
clean come on the water's fine
yep oh wait blue no and you want the
green ones writer I'm fine I got full
health I weigh oh okay
Aaron is splashing you playfully J was
on screen junkies so they stole Jane no
I don't understand
oh well it doesn't matter rich yeah
daredevil versus Jessica Jones Jessica
Jones not the TV shows the characters
Jessica Jones yes Jessica dunes is the
correct answer she has superhuman
strength we didn't we talked about this
during be especially especially Netflix
daredevil who gets his ass kicked by
regular people constantly constantly
constantly daredevil can do all the
flips and shit he wants if Jessica Jones
punches him in the head he's done done
watch YouTube then dies that's crazy
Aaron is ready for your next flex yeah
Jay was on a screen junkies show he
knows uh like one of the guys who's like
behind the scenes I think my shoe Lake
what's your leg Aaron is ready for your
next flags like Jessica Jones w no we
talked about it a little bit it had us I
think it had a rough start for me and I
think it ended really well I think once
once like you kind of understood all of
the characters not to give too much away
it really came together from you it that
show was constantly getting better and
it ended on a high note I was really
happy with the whole season of Jessica
Jones the first couple of episodes I was
a little wishy-washy and then every
episode after that it just kept winning
me over
back back to the screen junkie thanks
creatively yeah if if you create a
successful product yeah people are going
to imitate that madness it's not even
necessarily cynically it could just
because they like what you're doing it
they they want to do it do I don't sure
you don't know it's like hard West they
they're ripping XCOM off
mm-hmm should they not be able to exist
should should handle fate not exist
because Rocksteady did the Arkham combat
first no I mean it happens oh wait it
says screen junkies are doing a stream
today of a movie so I guess that's
stealing prereqs stick it's nothing Oh
Oh fine everything's fine Oh what is
that a noodle monster or there's a big
noodle monster oh it's a happy noodle
monster hey there noticed you were here
I'm onion son onion Sonia
yeah you should get kind of a wacky
voice for this way contrast with the
cute thing you Restivo you've been doing
papyrus for eight hours and you're
getting your mouths gonna fall off I
thought I was doing like a thing Mike
and I visited waterfall huh that's crazy
I love it ah if you if your voice isn't
falling off as a throat yeah me too
it's my big favorite okay let me look at
him why are you so happy to be here even
though the waters getting so shallow
here I have to sit down all the time but
he he hey that's okay it's over to the
city can you read that better than i mmm
looks like slippy but I know that's not
a word no it's anonymous okay ready no
no I'm checking on what are the words in
the sentence yeah anonymous Oh from
anonymous twas brillig and the slit
Ito's did cry in grimbo and the web all
mimsy were the bow groves and the mome
Raths outgrabe
okay so just kind of to get us to say
something silly I think I get it do you
want that do you want that in the silly
voice I was going for like like an Edgar
Allan Poe twas I think the ogre Allan
Poe's what I call twas brillig and
slippy Toves did cry in Grimble in the
web all mimsy were the boat groves in
mome Raths outgrabe you know that's what
I was going for but yeah if you want
silly you have to put the kind of voice
you want in there it's the Jabberwocky
poem what's a Jabberwocky both Alice one
oh okay well there you go okay uh are
you guys doing performance art for cash
have you not been paying attention this
is all been performance are literally
the entire thing of everything else
hey that's okay hippie it's moving to
the city oh I hit it on the head without
knowing it great thanks for your phone
you know was you know was a great
performance artist mmm Trump because I'm
I am I am now convinced he is either the
world's worst politician or or the best
performance artist of our generation ah
here here's the thing about presidential
candidates yeah something that I have
read this is a this is not no politic
we're not talking politics here this is
nonpartisan is if you can even be in a
debate mmm you're good because that
means book deals that means radio show
yeah do you think that's what's going on
cuz I've had my working theory now yeah
is that he is just a bored billionaire
and this is him having fun that's
fucking I gotta run for president here's
the thing I so I think that's how it
started I'm just saying all this crazy
fucking shit and then admit it now he
thought he would let you in quick cuz he
was saying these horrible exactly racist
things but then it's just working and I
was just seeing how far I can go that
well this is my this is my theory kind
of goes parallel to you yeah where it's
like he all he wanted to this was a
money-making scam for him okay he was
gonna get on on the debates everyone in
the news media was gonna talk about him
he was gonna sell some books he was
gonna get his name out there more right
and then people kept believing him and
media kept on talking about him and he
did great at the rallies and then he
made fun of a crippled person did you
see that
yeah that was crazy I heard about it and
said yeah there's video of him literally
like mocking a crippled person right but
he just keeps going it doesn't matter
but it's it's crazy it's a great
performance arts great performance
already I'm now a trump fan don't say
that too loud I think we know the
context I mean he didn't yes all right
did you read this
yeah his speech moving to the city and
living in a crowded aquarium
like all my friends did oh I miss me
free you wanna be my friend
are you walking yep no and the
aquarium's fool anyway so even if I
wanted to I that's okay I am yeah you're
here undines gonna fix everything you
hear
I'm gonna get out of here and live in
the ocean you see right time thanks for
chatting in waterfall no it's yeah that
was that was Edith that wasn't my Edith
impression oh gosh
Oh actually you're so crazy oh the way
Glenn Miller play song said made the
head who serves it boys like us we had
it made did you do when you girls what
girls and men's was man mister we can
use a man like hi but over again didn't
need no welfare stage everybody pulled
their weight gr Road LaSalle
ran grave those were the days Oh
actually stop hitting me all the time
blowing out my ears
yep siren hides in the corner but
somehow encounters you anyway
smile smile be shy I'm eager to be
friendly what do you think check well
you know check first
Tony bet she's too ashamed to sing to
her deadly okay okay okay
then I think you were right yes no she
went apps a little beat with her fins or
it's like do you want to conduct her we
will conduct and then I think that's the
way to go and then maybe you waves your
you wave your arms around a Veidt wildly
you know you are now vulnerable to
electric attacks oh no
jim-jim welcome to the stream how's it
going how are you doing nice to see you
too
never thought we'd see you again Jim
it smells like music what I don't know
great Jim showed up just in time for our
rendition of of the ones that show own
family all in the family theme you know
you're welcome I'm sorry that that are
singing prowess dude I like to
I'm very feeling I don't know if let's
write conduct one more time okay
yeah maybe if you try humming okay
I don't think this is working nope oh
whoa thing an accident somehow oh I'm a
jazz ballad nice nice what are the
second the northern room hides a great
treasure let's go that northern fucking
room I treasure a hunting song echoes
down the corridor won't you play along
only the first eight are fine yes you
don't hear play it
yes
whoa what happened wait my controller
smell fuck no I don't know cast the
savior would like to tell us a joke
sister mom wants you to come in and help
fix dinner
brother why is it broken
I don't understand this puzzle jacket
why is it broken
the chant is saying you need to walk a
little further to hear the song you need
to copy okay so that we also get to turn
the volume up this power has no counter
indeed a human cannot take a monster
soul man you
when a monster dies its soul disappears
oh and the incredible power would be
needed to take the soul of living
monster there's only one exception the
soul of a special species of monster
called a boss monster but that is from
favorite customer who would like us to
no lull fuck my dick lol fuck my bag Wow
lol and you don't like wall and it
should be lol fuck my cock that's the
proper it should be fuck my cock but I
you know first of all you say lol not lo
I like I like I say lol that's laughing
out loud it's not a word Wow
I like low because it sounds dumber oh
wow lol Wow likes me lol fuck my Cocker
lol well I'll fuck Mike I got you some
stupid smooth hello I'll fuck my cock
that's comedy it's my comedy
need no sorry lalala fuck my god it's
the statute is wrong
the structure is though
he's tank one brah whoo it did say
please
you took kind of broad oh I get it now
go back it was a him yep does she want
me to go back give the embro to the
statue it will make the statue happy yes
good to music round dude dude dude
Danton the only instrument I can play is
was that the only instrument I can play
is fart noise yay
fart noise with mouth yeah
yes it's lol and yet I say Ness for NES
Nintendo Entertainment System by my old
logic with lol it should be NES that I
say but I say Ness so I'm a fucking
hypocrite when it comes to just stupid
shit that's not important at all I was
gonna say that this being here play it
hold the button oh oh but you know be
okay I get it
colonel rich mother a colonel Colonel
rich mustard says lol and nests are
correct thank you thank you we're both
right
ha
this is great only the first eight count
for the song oh that's right
I have to listen to it again I can do
this people are saying the fans spoiled
this great game the only thing we've
really had spoiled I think is the Loreal
battle yes well and we were stuck yeah
Rochelle we knew there was a passive a
solution we didn't know why so extreme
they were about it not attacking yeah
okay it did take a long time for the
past yeah wait I need to start over
don't talk
that's tough lore'l Betty
toriel whatever the fuck a lady come on
lol fuck my couch
this is this is tough she's a goat
actually you fuck
I'm sure there's just online this is
cheap that probably really easy to find
whether hyper internet capable devices
yeah
don't-don't-don't dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun yeah it's like turn dan dan
dan dan dan dan dan dan sorry about
undertale fans they can give her the
passionate no I'm like I'm crazy
enjoying this game and it's such a this
game has so much personality it turns
our green says up up down down left
right left right up down
no the Konami code right is Joe
makes it starts over again okay ready
okay dum-dum there has to be something
in bet in game no offense but you trying
to scat it made me literally want to die
that was so wrong to scat what when I
was doing the notes
oh no I'm home I I sing why singing I'm
crazy tone-deaf okay okay
I'm crazy tuned if I can't sing to save
my life really gonna band huh we're in a
band
do you play an instrument you're tone
deaf no singing wise like I can't I
can't sing notes oh I play bass you know
sounds like
since I it was a clown band
I see someone wrote it and I'm not
watching it
nope
Oh
I followed for ya we both loved it in
game of the year yeah go listen to again
do
don't doubt that down down down down
down down dead under
now now
now
that should be it right I give up I give
up
I thought that was it there Evelyn
Evelyn says first time subscribing but
but around sums game station and palinka
days love you guys you ever in you
Claire every and you Claire I'd be happy
to show you around and talk about the
heat death of the universe thank you
thank you very much
you give it up I'm just seeing what you
know cuz like maybe there's more clues
okay
there's more clues over here because
we're not doing very well we could we
could just read the chat we could but I
don't wanna all right oh I've seen them
posted a number of times I might get it
no she means the bad guys never loses if
I was a human I would have went to bed
everyday knowing she was good BB up
nope so what type we had a school
project where we had to take care of a
flower the king we had to call him mr.
drebber volunteer donate his old flowers
heat it up color school teach a class
about responsibility stuff I got me
dated you know how cool would it be if
wound ein came to school she could beat
up all the teachers me crazy down hmm
maybe she wouldn't beat up the teachers
she's too cool to ever heard it it's a
person except for the human boy and or
girl or whatever we are I can't tell the
human human tell Jack to go back damn it
I think we have to do the book the
puzzle table same assistant
