Mediocre. (The Witness Part 1)
January 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDrAAgeQoPAk

bang no way we need or what is that
tweet I'm tweeting we're streaming
you're tweeting I'm not even you know
what I'm not even tweeting about the
stream you know names too many mouths
stream I was making a joke like you
weren't tweeting about the stream
picking or tweeting tweeting about the
stream but now something you're not
tweeting about the street wasn't
tweeting about this room what fuck is
this what are we doing some very special
news that people probably already know
is space cop is back in stock live space
cop blu-rays are back in stock and so I
was just tweeting I and some something
people might that's true something
people might not know about me and space
cop it is I have the most on screen
roles in space cop barely beating out a
plastic plant but I went through the
movie a couple times to double-check
that I have the most on screen roles I'm
gonna say though I probably dominate
when it comes to screen time oh of
course of course you down any when it
comes to screen time Mike and J dominate
when it comes to off screen roles
because obviously you know yeah but I I
am on screen and in the widest variety
of roles so almost yeah almost
oh I mean I am one of all of those
aliens that's true
and so I I wanted to tweet that out and
you know to remind people that space cop
is back in stock some some people who
subscribe before we started yeah sure I
can do with that you can do whatever you
want do what everyone frosty snooze 18
months in a row huh Oh sausage toes 13
months in a row
and was it was a Michelle wait hey
Michael I was once in Michael a Michelle
hey Michelle let's say miss you're like
it's totally a mission a Michelle no a
Michelle eighty seven seventeen months
in a row and knowledge junkie thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
does that mean I have my little slut SIA
because I see that name I want to say my
love am i moving the a over in my brain
a Michael what do you mean you know it's
well yeah you know you you just want it
to fit correctly maybe a cesarean fart
oh did I not update this dream and
Theodore J hooker 17 months in a row
thank you for subscribing thank you okay
appreciate it we we are not playing
punch club no matter what it says I
thought I updated the stream apparently
I did not we are playing the witness the
hot hot friend this is a hot fresh and
new pop and fresh pop and fresh pop and
pop and locking all those that we're
doing all those things we're playing the
witness this is the new indie game from
Jonathan Blow famed creator of braid
kicker offer of the next wave of indie
games the what what what what and I have
no idea what's going on so I guess I'm
walking forward I would also recommend
walking forward I'm not running forward
I'm currently I'm gonna leave walk
forward I don't know
yeah
or the settings no speed must be 2d
Mouse softening interesting interesting
that not interesting Bobby said there
are 2d segments and three segments would
be mice interesting rich is playing drag
this oh alright drag the thing over okay
I drag this thing over you did it oh my
god oh you know what my preferred way to
solve puzzles is just to slam my face
right into it okay oh all right
okay oh my god it's so oh my god it's so
colorful Oh benjamine Oh free if you
forgot to ask for a signature don't
don't tell us send an email your contact
at red letter media does not like
telling me and Jack is getting you know
that's gonna do for you jack shit big
jack shit boat pile on nothing so
contact at red letter media comm say hey
this is my name if you have your order
number that'll help them find it yeah
well I've been playing Dragon's Dogma
which I like but oh this is so beautiful
and colorful compare oh look at that
it's like you walk into a world of color
look at that you walk you walk out of
your dreary fantasy world into a world
of amazing colors it's so pretty oh it's
so pretty
you know what people's boom jack will
shit on my copy of space copy you know
if you pay enough if you really want
that Liam Liam make an arrangement
yeah interesting interesting
oh I think I see the puzzle thing
there's a thing here oh you have to
power up all gonna power up all the
things we got Power Ball things my V and
you'll see what take it's it's amazing
it's so amazing to your nope okay I just
want to see if you get blind yourself
and you can you can block yourself oh I
don't see it do you see it and I see it
I think we're Blanco
you can Bryce are from the other yeah
well you know that's a necessary ID no
no or something yeah I see it I see it
okay oh sorry oh no no oh yeah yeah yeah
yay puzzles I like puzzles rich can you
confirm this will become an X come to
channel for two weeks probably probably
fine probably probably like a month you
know there's gonna be a lot of X come to
which also means there's gonna be a lot
of gibbering for me because I can only
imagine it'll mostly be rich oh my god
indeed Lord Belmont would like to say I
started watching Fargo because of you
thank you very much it's such a great
show I'm halfway through the second
season fantastic absolutely Fargo is
great i I enjoyed the first season a lot
more but even the second season still
it's still great - it's a fire going
everything fire
okay so now you have to do the other one
to wait it was her Oh down there shit
can you come off your path already like
you know see where it would be and I
work backwards from I'll show you again
oh let's see here also anonymous says
hate guys I don't want to spoil that
scene but yeah anonymous was also
telling us their favorite scene in space
cop is it my is it my favorite scene ah
watch it what's your favorite scene
without spoiling it and involved a
choo-choo train no it is not your
favorite scene it involves a very
special guest star great job rich hope
you guys have some better plans for
Valentine's Day than Deadpool Zoolander
oh yeah my go see Deadpool oh Lord
Belmont also says also a rich look into
homeworld deserts of Kharak why I don't
like realtime strategy games mm I hate
real I hate most every real-time
strategy game okay most every and you
you make a sequel to homeworld right
yeah which the big thing with spaceships
and rotating and like 3d space yeah and
then you make a sequel that takes place
entirely on the ground yeah not in space
what the fuck what the fuck right right
it's one of those things where it's like
what what were you thinking what were
you thinking young man
what was right we can't say what Rich's
favorite scene is yet cuz spoilers
because spoilers I hope I'm doing more
than mazes I can only imagine there's
more than mazes around or maybe there's
not who knows
Burak odd is asking about the Space Camp
digital release there is no definitive
date for the space cop digital release I
can't say cuz I don't know no no what oh
I thought I thought I was like wait a
minute you might you have to do another
puzzle later so don't screw yourself but
now it doesn't matter so what I'm
talking about
twitch plays Pokemon says it could have
been cool if there was an underground
aspect to it isn't it about scavenging
or salvaging ships that crashed into the
desert planet anyway they're talking
about karach yeah correct do they agree
with me though that it seems weird that
you would follow up homeworld with a
game that takes place on the ground and
the desert yeah where else you gonna go
with it you just do more space because
that's the fun shit I want to build
spaceship since I hate real-time
strategy that's the only thing I liked
about holding homeworld 1 & 2 sure and
now they took that away the fuck what
the motherfucking fuck motherfucker
how long until space cop is on Netflix
probably a very long time but it says
what is this stats you gotta do
something with that snow oh that's
that's right Mario Mario Dredd is a
wonderful movie congratulations on
watching it everyone should watch Dredd
it's a wonderful movie all these dots
what are you doing I don't know what I'm
doing oh just getting dots dipping these
things on here now and I don't know what
they do I think I'll figure it out are
you dippin dots mister shy smile I I
think you'll find you'll find out
exactly I think you'll find out exactly
what rich and I think about Dragon's
Dogma soon we just we just shot
something today in which we will explain
in great detail our feelings for
Dragon's Dogma / although we can both
say we feel very positively about it
that's the that's the summation so I
don't we don't hold you in anticipation
what oh it didn't like that it did not
like it was that a bomb that I said a
bomb
anonymous would like to say my name is
Jack Beck of Germantown police
department mr. Don Wilson we'd like to
ask you a few questions on your wear
about the night of Friday tip has come
our way saying you stole a load of
cheese I can't get in today oh no when I
thought you need a whole night for that
when I'm donning I can't just do that in
spurts god damn it
fearful slugs boy yes we played
invisible ink after the updates I know
rich liked it a lot more and I certainly
can't do it while I'm playing a game
what Don will so know there's no way
that's impossible I I kind of ran out of
steam with invisible ink that's
enjoyable what I got out of it yeah I
like like invisible ink but yeah we both
played it after the okay so you need to
not hit those things or you need to hit
thing I need to hit them both uh-oh okay
the response that last when I pass that
word look like it was physically
impossible to them at all Oh so I don't
know what's gonna happen
robo-dog I cannot tell you what we think
of the witness so far we have been
playing for approximately three minutes
in these three minutes we've done a lot
of these puzzles and I I hope it goes
somewhere I am gonna go out on the limb
and say I'm sure that it goes somewhere
because it has to go somewhere right I
don't have to do anything it doesn't
want to do that's it's a free it's a
free individual it is that is that is
true and you are correct
all right Jack how do I do this what's
puzzling huh how do I do this how do you
get all of them yeah okay I can't go
back right I see
oh no no you go right first right up
nope
back up that would not left up oh never
mind maybe you were right go all the way
down first I can't do that
oh no no I can't do Oh interesting hmm
how interesting hmm hmm a lot wait go
back to that I want to find one let's
see if I can figure it out why am I
playing this game is already furry this
is totally eerie this is you here you
take this give me this
do you have your where's your boy oh
it's downstairs well from when we did
the thing with a thing where is it
where's your wooden plank I'll find a
plank hold on I need a wooden plank and
this game is already farty this is I I
doing okay wait how do i how do I get me
over here
let me get over here okay here we go
take like okay I got it I got it rich
didn't even know how much oh he didn't
even know how much I got it
I
right
dude I'm the one that should be fighting
these games now rich I got a I got to do
this though with the mouse and the
keyboard I think rich I think rich took
the controller home I don't even know if
this game is supported by controllers
oh I think it's supposed to go in
between the black and the white so like
this one we're supposed to go here yeah
am I supposed to segregate this is all
about segregation like this I'm so
honest
so on it
oh oh isn't that interesting
I don't rich has abandoned me also rich
has abandoned me has unbanded me rich
has banded me
hey you see that it's pretty good it's
pretty good well guys that I mean I'm
pretty good so we do the same thing boom
boom segregation
that's the message it's not the message
it's just a puzzle just a puzzle
everybody settle down
okay well this one
boom okay great let's look around the
world a little bit this is beautiful
everything here is beautiful and I love
it and I probably don't want to go down
there
can I jump I jump I cannot jump can I
jump like oj4 jump no J does not jump I
cannot jump can I fall oh oh I can't
fall actually okay jump nope walking
slowly around the world being by myself
the heart eat hearty hearty tea oh
here's a puzzle Oh devil puzzle ooh
devil puzzle initiate oh oh it's my
shadow
it's my shadow that's the real puzzle
reg did you bring your controller is
this game good supported by controllers
that's how I'm Morgan I mean that's how
more come from playing everything look
look what I discovered rich we have a
shadow nice we have a shadow rich you
don't need the board anymore I'm hoping
I'm hoping as I really in general thank
you I just prefer controller I you know
I know don't get into a whole thing
everybody anything with aiming anything
with aiming I would probably far prefer
to have mouse and keyboard actually
didn't really talk about string the
review so I'll talk about her here about
what Dragon's Dogma okay because you can
use a bow right yeah most of the games
melee yeah the melee stuff with the
sword are more comfortable with a
controller but with a bow I'd use a
sword so I was playing a lot of the game
with how do you get to the menu hit
escape
hey use the arrow keys okay so I was
playing like part of the game with like
the controller and then having a mouse
next to me when I dragged the bow on I
had to go over to the mouse real quick
so I came with the mouse
you know cuz I started off with a
fighter class oh I got used to using the
controller yeah
what's going on I stopped to the game so
I could restart it now that the
controllers plug to see if it recognizes
it okay okay I'm hoping this for the boy
use a mouse did I did I misspeak I use
the mouse for the boat I'm gonna speak
all the time people know that about me
yes controller whoa now now I is ready
to play is the someone tell me if you
can see the game I'm pretty sure you can
okay hold on settings Wow just watching
you you say a controller to navigate and
the first-person perspective just gave
me of like a mild headache for a split
second mild headache oh my god oh my god
oh how do you scroll this thing you know
this supposed to highlight do you have
didn't what do two fingers what do you
daddy scroll how do you do things with
your this thing I don't get touched
right people like touch anything it's
horrible it's horrible and it's
imprecise and I hate it I hate it you
want a scroll up or down but I just
wherever I want to scroll when I if I
want to like see something to go to the
scrollbar okay so this doesn't function
like other scroll things this is like a
different yeah but my finger doesn't
want to recognize them on the far right
yeah you hate it I hate it I'm sorry
hold on I'm not I'm not quite there yet
actually titling a stream about a slow
puzzle game with a reference to one of
the most high-speed action films the
21st century is kind of a dick move we
said not a Mad Max reference that's what
we said here we go here's puzzle number
one so these are like mirror puzzles so
we have to like
Oh God oh god damn it all the way up all
the way up what's going on
well too much up too much up oh just
tinkering with the settings how's your
art game so far you know it's very arty
setting so on back down back down which
confirm for old manners there's
something I really have to feel bad
about yeah no shit I'm an old man we
know this yeah that's the thing that's
that's just me
that's the thing about me have you
did you not know that about rich she's
kind of an old man
you know like how this is exciting
rich I'm like this is so exciting I like
them I enjoy puzzles
this is neat this double at once thing
this is kind of neat I'm not gonna
apologize for enjoying puzzles me Oh
oh snap damn
Oh
do-do-do-do-do-do you're gonna fuck
yourself up and the ones in the outer
edges though I cuz you're I can already
see and one you know that one can get
through I take it back oh there's two
outer ones you don't to do those
apparently not
hey that's do I do I know fair enough
yeah they're good never fucking mine
okay
so I open that up and now we follow the
glowy worm snake two more puzzles follow
the glowy worm snake buzzer oh look a
besito opposite opposite though this is
like a slightly more difficult version
of alien isolation ah I think that's a
fair criticism except with like no well
at least they're up front though about
the game being about opening doors what
do we have a new noise right so do you
see that uh oh my oh my god what
happened is for the square what is the
square do why is there square coz
there's a square and where do we live
off there all of these red except for
the ones at the top is this one red oh
yeah it was down low some London we did
read that I mean yeah alright nama says
Mr Evans my name is Jack Beck of
Germantown PD like to ask you a few
questions
so someone
someone tipped us off saying you sold
stolen cheese and wouldn't sell the
munster you let my giraffe babies die
someone really wants to see Tom Wilson
tonight
the real Veon says I finally saw Space
Camp
it was great it's great it's great
thanks the real be on I guess the thing
that's not in the movie would that be
considered spoilers it was not in the
movie it was the thing in the trailer
that's not on the movie it was in the
trailer it's a joke what if I say it hmm
no it was not in the movie except
spoilers there was no giant blue light
which shot up into the sky
despite being after that's true I expect
to see it the extended edition yeah that
was I think I was purely a trailer joke
yeah because all trailers have yeah the
giant blue light
then we have to dub our selves a lot for
Space Camp
I got that vibe for quite a few of the
scenes that was a lot of lot of
background noise places where she can't
always help but you know that happens
obviously you know you try to you try to
make it sound as natural as possible but
but you know it happens oh my god Oh
crazy headache come to life I love it oh
god
ya know so I so far we this is uh this
is us playing the first you know ten
minutes so do do doot doot doot doot
doot doot doot doot I have to imagine
they'll be more than just what you're
doing over and over again
uh I don't maybe not maybe it's just
puzzles beautiful scenery and blend
puzzles well I'm sure they get more
difficult but it's puzzles I found some
more puzzles rich ok
I'm super excited for you thinking are
they thinking of reviewing space cop for
half the bag no no I don't I don't think
they could we kind of masturbatory
wasn't really reviewing your own movie
yeah incredibly up hit the one oh wait
you're getting it that one yeah we have
right up left up left there yep that's
the control there yep
I was just the controller I got it to
the gate
oh did I miss one oh there it is more
sneaky which plays Pokemon says I heard
it's 20 hours long so I expect the
puzzles to get really crazy later in the
game oh I can only imagine is it the
same type of puzzle over and over again
or do they ever do anything like
different I would assume it's the same
type of it just get harder and harder
where do you start right here mmm this
is a love letter to missed well no
wonder I'm not loving it not a fan of
myths I hate missed
I hate miss so much obviously this is
too simple for it to be that simple
oh I get it
look at the rocks oh that's kind of
that's kind of clever I think that's
very clever
oh yeah recruit more pimps for uses and
hold a weekly best of the worst party
with some friends I already seen troll 2
and Miami connection and we are looking
for suggestions preferably with blood
debts ending caliber ridiculousness
ridiculousness
let's see what's really good well we
enjoyed as you probably know watching
Deadly Prey oh yeah oh you need to see
deadly pride like praise a quality one
yeah you'll bring anything well no no
you can't start with your brain I think
I think yeah and your brain would melt
your brain would melt you need other
crazy first what's crazier than Neal
Breen just doesn't make any sense
go all the way around the edge because
there's nothing I don't know I don't
know these are all the rock one alright
can you look at it from the other side
no oh wow there I think unless you look
at it from a different angle right I
don't think you can I'll get it from a
different angle are you gonna get that
one first
yeah what was the one we watched but Len
that had the ridiculous ending what the
the wheelchair getting knocked over and
the guy in drag was that that was that
ninja vengeance or ninja through the
domination no that was the one with the
possessed woman then yes and then I
think it was ninja vengeance joke
vengeance telegin says mr. Wilson we
know what you did to mr. Trump's
hairpiece the money is in Colombia
they're conspiring to get Don Wilson
back look if I'm not feeling up to it
it's gonna be a letdown I gotta I gotta
be in character for that shit to work
everybody loves Don Wilson so you want
to ruin it if it is this one you know
that you know you know that all just
tells me that I'm not interesting enough
and I agree but it's very sad to hear
someone else saying oh very sad this
trick here that we're gonna sing Jack
there's it was it was the rocks over
there so you just had kind of had to see
over there and see that it was like a
medium small tall medium oh so oh look
at those rocks that was the trick I
figured it out I kind of hate that trick
yeah
Oh what how much do we have to tip to
get done Wilson for the rest of the
stream oh god the rest of the stream a
single two thousand dollar donation a
single two thousand dollar donation wow
I can't even guarantee it'll be good
done Wilson because I'm just not I'm not
gonna know if I'm better off I'm up to
it but I'll try for $2,000 one single
donation and before some rich artist
does it if they do then good advice to
be shipped with that money
rich what is it on my shirt Superman and
Batman oh it's not my shirt
you know stupid man Abed mean rich you
know that will happen and then we'll
have that whole sonic bidding war
situation I don't know what the sonic
bidding war situation is sonic bidding
war yeah
are they calling planet freedom planet
sonic is that what they're doing they're
similar but if I get $2,000 it's great
that's great
is it $2,000 mm no no it's two dollars
it's only two dollars blow tractor says
jet make sure to check out Jack make
sure to check out the board game /
iPhone app ascension chronicle of the
God's lair rich I'm going to the bar
with some friends soon any tips to pick
up girls I'll report back I really don't
I am the worst person you can ask for
tips on girls because I'm gonna tell you
something I've only ever been with Karen
she's been I've known her since high
school she's been she's been it so I
never went through all that you never
went through getting girls my high
school sweetie that's fine that's all
fine
Lord Belmont says I was a static to see
Bruce Campbell in Fargo season 2 what
chronicle of the guys there okay
Oh Janice Janice I was ascension :
chronicle of the god Slayer and then
Lord bellman says I was ecstatic to see
Bruce Campbell in Fargo season 2
besides Fargo
what other more violent dark shows would
you recommend anonymous says I'm sorry
rich I tried one thing at a time
what other dark shit oh I guess I guess
I should shut up quick and furious now
this is one single donation you know I'm
not doing this for the nickel and diming
up mm oh if you want to do that I'm not
gonna stop you but I'll only do dumb
Wilson all night for a single two
thousand dollar donation I went too low
last time it's gotta mean something I so
I bookmarked attention thank you I am
looking for a new a new app game okay
so dark shows like Fargo is uh is what
was mentioned I mean like Fargo is top
Fargo so fucking good do you watch
anything dark like Fargo have you seen I
find to find dark would you call ash vs.
Evil Dead dark no it's goofy I know that
I watch much that's dark
don't think on it and come back to it
anonymous says I'm sorry rich tried to
cheer you up with a joke about a truck
full of cheese that was stolen Friday
night wasn't the Milwaukee news I wasn't
trying to put you and the Don Wilson to
the spot anonymous it's all cool
I actually hadn't heard about the truck
full of cheese being stole always that
way you keep mentioning the cheese I
thought that was just like somebody want
her started down Wilson bed yeah no I'd
no idea there was an actual thing and
then it just sounds like a Don Wilson
scheme it does sound like a done okay
cerclage cheese all right and then we'll
age it out on the black mark I have the
world's largest door nachos we need
Jesus let's taste what you can get for
$2,000 terrible rich our Miller says for
the $2 for they come to Orlando fun not
that you will I just want to bring the
gag back oh sure the count that come to
come to hear fun oh it's a fine gag it's
fine oh wait where does this one go
let's track
it's dark dark shows that show dark
shows yeah yeah I mean you know it's
really tough to compare with Fargo I
know everybody likes um
better call Saul did this just ends here
go back what are the phone follow your
lines well this is where it ended all
right but that probably opened up
something further back then then you
went past oh wait look there's a little
cord don't do one on this side - I'm
asking you and you don't know Caesarion
fart says hey guy hey I got my copy
space cop last week and screened it for
our parents oh my god I think they
finally disowned me great work well you
should have known that would be a bad
idea
come on come on there's like a little
cord Rick and Morty isn't that dark are
you kidding me Rick and Morty is a blend
of dark and light Rick and Morty is
totally dark humor I would categorize
that as dark Rick and Morty yeah yeah
you've you seems some finite I have seen
some what you think I saw the first
season okay what do you think the first
season hey it's all right
okay I'm not blown away by it I actually
it's a little - and I I'd like I totally
get it that this is their style but it's
like they're a little it's a little too
like freeform improvi uh-huh and I like
it totally get it that's how they write
it and that's what makes it so fun I
also cannot stand
Rick's burp talking it grates on my ears
every time he burp talks they're like
Bert belches in the middle of talking I
hate it Esther pego says Rick and Morty
isn't dark dude a fucking the ending of
an episode is is Rick of trying to kill
himself and failing because he passes
out right before the machine blows his
head up right it gets dark in a good
funny way but it still goes dark Rick
and Morty's real man thing could they
get real they get really real and they
ruined the world in one episode like the
world gets overrun with monsters because
of an experiment that gets out of hand
so they find an alternate dimension
where they die and then they bury their
own corpses and just take over in the
new alternate world
yeah that's dark that's season one but
it's right it's funny but it's dark
Oh what
ragged scribe says rich can yes Jack if
you'd watch my ten minutes Scott if you
can watch my 10 minute comedy skit and
give me editing tips here's the link by
the way love space cop I guess here's
the thing I will but I will give you
tips and some people don't deal with
criticism well so so that I'm blocked
here actually I don't know if I have to
open up a different thing first so
interesting if I missed something
oh yeah I did miss okay save was that a
tip did he tip us anything for ya okay
then and then I'll have it yeah I'll
give it a look unless you want me to
watch it right now which case that might
be difficult Jack confirmed for ice cold
yes I am well you know if you're asking
for tips that's you have to give the
advice you you chickened out and you're
doing nobody any favors yeah but you
know some good there
there are some people who like there are
some people who ask for like you know Oh
could you could you watch this and let
me know what you think and then you know
you spend time and you give like you try
to give like constructive criticism and
they don't want to hear it all they
wanted to hear is that they were great
you know like no I just want you to see
and tell me I was great it's like oh no
that's you want one small ball says hey
guys got my copy a space cut Monday
funny is all fuck and since rich is
wearing a Batman shirt here's my dog
dressed like the bat this link oh I
guess we can check that out later cool
yep got sent this today and I read it
Batman and the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles which of two things I like
mm-hmm and Freddie Williams did the arm
hey cool guy pretty good it's pretty
good it's pretty pretty good I haven't
been in a comic store in five years but
I want to read the rest of those issues
and they're out at the track down Batman
Ninja Turtles I got them digitally
I got them digitally so I could just
bring I could just have you log onto
comiXology like that comiXology
oh wait yeah no I better on down
ya know cuz we have to end here how oh
wait that's right and so they're going
opposites the trick might be like go all
the way over by it may be that we're now
listen you'll miss that one there has to
be a trick of course gobbledygook says
tipping 2004 Don Wilson he only Tim 61
32 why there's a lot also did you know
you could play a Superman or Batman in
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks never gets old fucks maybe 61
is like $2,000 and in rubles you got it
how many of hoople's there's 61 dollars
they talk like Russian men for a minute
or two it's good no yes maybe you're
making me run the gamut of emotions
yes then over them up just this guy
you'll notice nobody exists on purpose
nobody belong anywhere everybody's going
to die come watch TV
just watch GI and their FEHB recently
really fun yeah bring back Jack is Jesus
Lisa's tax deductable right absolute 100
percent that's right oh that was in
season one too when when Marty's sister
was like contemplating her existence
drop some knowledge on Rick and Morty oh
oh wait so are they telling me that I
need to get the opposite ones maybe no
okay
oh so how do you do this how is this
even okay or the first one I touch is
blue I touch the other one last time oh
okay okay so this but it just villain in
the die hard
oh that makes me sad the guys already
weigh in on their evidence that's better
I like bear you like bear I have not
seen it from from what two assholes
told me in a review of their as I
watched I would probably not enjoy it
how did we get Russian rich and how does
anything happen just fucking go with it
not everything has to be for a reason
why did that happen why does this happen
why are things the way they are cares
mandemus is would you say waking up
inside a dead horse is oscar-worthy or
just a good end to a good night what's
the meaning of life I don't know
fuck you cure everyone knows the meaning
of life it's just far simpler than any
one then anyone who cares to think you
know the meaning life is fuck make a
baby meaning of life is make a baby have
a woman make baby that makes for a great
night does it does it make baby woman
favorite Stargate episode the one where
I've never watched Star Gate a single
day in my life my favorite episodes an
interesting choice rich you've never
seen a single star Gator so no I hated
the movie movies just this stupid why
would I want to see the show
I hear that shows good so whatever not
like I haven't been wrong before
yes no down no I guess that works doing
believe I had another way well I needed
to get the one bitch you bitch in this
bitch yeah you're gonna have to step off
there bitch I tell you what favorite
XCOM enemy probably not gonna be a
popular choice thin men thin men because
early on in the game in the early months
in the early a months in XCOM are the
best part of the game are just
absolutely terrifying enemies that will
fuck your shit up and then when you get
better equipment and you get better in
the game and you just start slaughtering
them it's very satisfying so thin men
hmm Thin Mints interesting
I have come so close to a perfect XCOM
playthrough I my XCOM Holy Grail is a
classic Iron Man playthrough where
that's the classic is the difficulty
ironmans where you can't reload an old
safe
oh sure where I don't lose a single
country and don't lose a single soldier
against this there's a spot where you
get the technology good enough you don't
really have to worry the game gets a lot
easier uh-huh a thin man always manages
to take out either a squaddie or a
rookie before I get there I'm so sorry
so sorry
oh that's look at your yellows weird you
have to do something to activate your
yellow or is just some kind of graphical
glitch glitch watch it could be a
graphical glitch or it could be that
these yellows are just really good watch
also could be blobs just might be weird
XCOM is a puzzle shooter and not really
puzzles are pre pre generated ex comas
tactical thing you're making tactical
decisions there's multiple solutions
adorable weighing gains and losses
that's tactics it's not puzzle II really
use your brain like you do at a puzzle
game but they might be being funny mmm
no they've said that over and over again
they might be being funny because this
is a puzzle game you know what I also
just don't know I don't know who's doing
no player should ever lose a soldier you
have a save and reload button don't play
the game that way you're doing it wrong
and what is that called saves from a
save scumming save scumming the glory of
XCOM is just dealing with that loss that
glorious soldier you loved that's the
beauty of it oh by the way look what's
happening here the yellow
this is actually really clever look the
yellow has been getting lighter and
lighter yeah
and I'm here you can't even see can't
even see it oh I get it
I don't know I just kind of have to
mentally that just seems miserable how
could you stand that up yeah it's like
this yeah because because the yellow
also goes opposite you have a blow oh
yeah
rich do you play hearthstone no done no
yeah yeah you know if you don't answer
that I'm gonna say that question 50 more
times even though I don't have an
interesting answer to the questions just
got to nip it in the bud Jack no no the
answer's no no what the fuck game is
this this game is called witness witness
like it's it's basically missed but
instead of like point-and-click based
puzzles you have these little to be
puzzles where all the war boys I don't
understand rich Jack / from the obvious
what are some games you sunken-in or an
inordinate amounts of time and do
anything everyone knows in the XCOM yeah
definitely I have a shocking amount of
hours in the wildly unpopular Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles game what's it
called out of the shadows the show which
everyone shits on I think mostly just
because co-op is broken and I don't give
a shit about that
right cuz I'm a single-player guy and I
think the game is good hybrid between a
Batman style fighter and like a ninja
gaiden style combo fighter
nice hybrid wildly unpopular choice
though that I think that is surprising
look at most people will be surprised to
hear that Jack and yeah everybody knows
that - its tf2 I haven't said what they
want one that's surprising you have just
talked about do you have a just a lot of
hours in could be Oh could be game maybe
like 15 years ago right and you haven't
thought about a March since like no one
for me máximo old PlayStation 2 game
sure and its sequel in order to amount
of hours in same for the zone of the
enders games and I played No More Heroes
of fuck ton of times I probably have
like as far as old-school games are
concerned probably the the the game I
have the most amount of hours in is
turtles in time for the Super Nintendo
mmm that's a game that you can beat like
if you're hauling you can beat in 20
minutes a half an hour and I've just
played it so many fucking times love
that game it's great game WTF is Maximo
Maximo is unofficial spiritual sequel to
the ghosts and goblins games or you're
some kind of nighty kind of guy who runs
around only and you can usually slay
monsters only Maximo is 3d whereas the
ghosts and goblins games were insanely
hard 2d platformers you know you're an
IT kind of guy you get hit your armor
flies off and you're in your boxer
shorts running around do you find more
armor I think that's the thing that
people would recognize about it the most
is the the knight in the boxer shorts
but that day the game did grit great and
I think most people hated it but I kind
of liked it was you had a shield in that
game but your shield could get broken
you can only block like ten times and
instead of just being like playing that
game like a turtle I just held down the
block button you have to be judicial
about how you blocked I kind of liked
that
new TMNT game looks great it looks
shallow it looks flashy and I imagine
it's gonna be a button masher but that's
going on very little hopefully I'm wrong
it reminded me too much of their
transformers game it looks it looks a
lot like the Transformers game and
that's very mushy it's not very deep at
all but we'll see hopefully I'm horribly
wrong I don't I don't think the most
recent transformers game was there was
Platinum's best game by far I played it
once and then I kind of just completely
forgot about the Transformers game yeah
look what they're doing here you solve
these puzzles yeah and then these are
mirrors okay remember oh you can't see
word is dark souls 3 is coming out soon
if you think ds1 felt a little dated
three looks to be a great game coming
off blood-borne are you guys going to
check it out probably yes yeah I mean
maybe I the why would you not after
loving blood-borne because the thing
that made me love the setting of
blood-borne is great I'm not I you know
I'm not as into that as I am the weird
you know medieval things sure right but
the gameplay of blood-borne is just all
sides it's not bad and the other Dark
Souls game here there's some reason I
haven't gone back to play those two just
played blood-borne yeah but I think that
part of the reason that I do that is
because of the setting of blood-borne
which which game would you say is
Platinum's best well I'm not gonna lie
and say I've played a metric shit-ton of
their games like I've never played band
that I'm a metric a metric shit yeah
I've never played the Bayonetta games
and I haven't I still haven't gotten
around to the the Metal Gear
they did so by default my answer is
vanquished which is like one of my
favorite games of all time yeah it's
time to stand up you gonna do that I'm
gonna stand up everybody we've been
streaming for about an hour I'm gonna
check the phone message I got so I'm
gonna do we've been streaming for about
an hour and as you guys know this is
something that usually I'll acts on so I
set my phone timer it's been an hour
everybody stand up if you're sitting
down you can sit down for an hour stand
up so important it's so important to
stand up once an hour yep stand up
walked through the kitchen to get
another beer that counts is standing up
absolutely
abso-freakin'-lutely I'm gonna set a
timer here for another hour you know why
it's really important to stand up mm-hmm
really important to get that blood
moving ah
hurry up there we go sleeping's
different everybody knows that don't be
dumb when you sleep you don't need to
worry about walking around but when you
just when you sit your legs they atrophy
it's terrible for you okay rich what is
the reason I'm the worst at these rich
what is on your shirt obviously as you
can see these are two lesbians going at
it
yeah that's what's on my shirt what
what oh fuck you
Oh I'm just the worst at these rich
here's what I'm gonna do this isn't
cheating
are you really playing this the whole
stream looks like it
see Jack jackpot this would go over like
gangbusters cuz this is the big hot game
this is the hot new indie title it's the
hot new indie title guys quick we put it
to a vote is Jack completely 1000% wrong
about that about this being that I'm not
wrong about it being the hot new indie
title like if people don't like it yeah
yeah where did it go
where'd it go it didn't know you draw
the thing with you where did it go did I
only get one shot at that what the fuck
what the fuck guy let me check to see if
I got that two thousand dollar donation
you know so waiting on a two thousand
dollar single donation to do Don
Wilson's voice now the rest of the
stream you have to redo the previous one
do I that's what that's what I'm being
told
oh okay all right great
okay so
don't mind me this is perfectly legal
guessing if he gets $2,000 the stream
will and two minutes later I wouldn't be
that big a prick that would be really
pretty that'd be a dick move
I'd be prick ish and no one would ever
show up to a stream again yeah and you
know what you'd be right to do that that
would be prick ish as fuck do you guys
have an email address or something or I
can send you my hot new indie title
absolutely I was previously recorded at
but what is it it's prereq prereq at red
letter media calm p re re c @ red letter
media calm don't mind me I'm just
cheating just take a picture it's more
fun if I draw it how about that snot
some more time-consuming I don't give a
fuck what King King vidya I think in in
reference to the two thousand dollar
one-time donation a single donation for
Don Wilson earnest the stream says
shouldn't the price lower with less time
remaining in the stream oh yeah I don't
make the rules that's true rich does not
make rules she does not make the rules
if it's one thing about rich Evans I
know he does not make the rules okay
