"Hoe" Down (Stardew Valley part 2)
March 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AgAkVYwz3U

all right let's see here beef hard
cheese says what's a pirate's favorite
letter of the alphabet I expect more out
of you people come on oh this one oh
that's one of two beef hard cheese I
will wait for your second one now beef
our cheese lloyd beets says I know rich
violently hates HP lovecraft but his
works are actually amazing they called
it cosmic horn Thank You Lloyd beets
oh here's the here's the second half of
it what's a pirate's favorite letter of
the alphabet you'd think it'd be R but a
pirate's true love is the sea beef hard
cheese not bad not bad at all
alright let's see here Dylan not Dylan
what are your favorite conspiracy
theories even if you don't believe them
yourself I mean right now I'm just in
love with the Flat Earth I think it's
hilarious
good you're always sure oh yeah
love me some UFO cover-up nonsense oh
yeah
rich what is the ratio of things you
hate versus things you don't hate I
don't fucking know calculates this shit
well you know what the the ratio just
got a little tip towards hate cuz he
hates that question girl it's greater in
the hates everybody yeah I guess I could
agree with that I'm gonna say there's a
universal minimum 80% Hey
for everything in the world you can love
her hey sure at least 80% hey all right
unless you like polka music unless
you're like a huge fan of serial killers
are you think are you saying you don't
like polka music I'm saying I don't like
polka me well I guess more important you
hate polka music gracious what I'm
saying is I are you saying you hate
polka music yes that's do you know rich
rich Evans zero fun all the time I went
to speaking of okay speaking of having a
great time at your weddings I went to a
wedding once
and it was an incredibly small wedding I
don't think there were more than 30
people there incredibly small wedding
had it held in an incredibly small like
it was it was like the larger section of
a bar you know just a very small shindig
and instead of a deejay instead of a
band the bride and groom
just rented a polka accordion esteem and
did nothing but polkas for like an hour
and a half and it was the dumbest fun it
was great cuz it was just polka music is
super fun rob Vater 12 you know rich
your wedding would be a perfect chance
for Jack to renew his vows I smell a
prereq stream I I'm gonna go out on the
limb and say we are not live-streaming
Rich's wedding yeah I just don't think
that's gonna happen don't do this
because I'm a narcissist right it's not
on Twitter because I'm not a narcissist
wait serious wedding tip don't let the
speeches go until people eat nothing is
worse than listening to people talk
while other people are starving
you know also with the speeches you know
usually like maybe maybe the father of
the bride gives a speech the best man
the maid of honor right you will
probably have a pretty good idea of
who's gonna give the best speech and let
that person go last because there is
nothing worse than
going to a wedding and like having
someone nail a wedding speech and then
someone has to go after them so figure
that out like don't worry too much about
like who your seating next to who cuz
like no one really cares unless I mean
if they really care then you know and
it's not a big deal but keep your
speeches light group together your your
father-daughter mother-son dance have
that at the same time and have that
early on out of water and then you know
you get those pictures out of the way
get out get out like all of the get all
the business out of the way because you
need those pictures it's not always
letting the best man go last because
I've you just know I've been to some
weddings were where the the maid of
honor is the key to all of this
anonymous I'm starting a new job in two
weeks at a big company they have high
expectations for me got any advice don't
let them know you listen to pre-record
that's guaranteed that's fireable
material try to try to be a hard worker
and try to do slightly more than what is
expected of you don't be yourself be
what they want you to be a job we all
know this this is just common knowledge
depending well he said he said it's a
big company yeah yeah suck up a little
bit a lot suck up a lot makes him make
you know to be nothing but suck up be
them to be the nice guy who everybody
likes and then and then well you want to
be the nice guy for likes cuz then
everyone will want to work with you and
and then come home and drink a lot
because you know you'll need that to get
through the next day
also anonymous Jack how much donation to
get you to
go up in clown gear for a second I
thought you're gonna shut up and just
sit here silently for the rest of the
trip what do you think rich how much how
much well not this dream because we were
doing Batman vs Superman
well like so for this stream you want me
to shut up for the rest of this dream
it'll be 500 bucks single donation
single donation of 500 bucks and I will
not say a word for the rest of the
stream and but you will sit there I will
sit here at while rich talks about
Batman vs Superman we will do the plan
stream any other stream 200 a 200 flat
donation I wish I could hack stream tip
just to see if I would do it well I I
made it high enough where I'll make you
think about it Oh what about the clown
makeup
how much did to come and clown makeup Oh
that'd be tough because I'd have to
actually like buy some clown stuff I
don't like clowns yeah creepy clowns are
just creepy well they do rumor 200 is
not for this stream it's for a different
stream to come and clown makeup I would
I will do that once I will come and
clown makeup once what do we think your
deal is your deal it's my deal
full do I need do I need an outfit I
would be uncomfortable the whole stream
I really really don't like clothes Oh
see this would be great now I just kind
of want to do it you wouldn't notice
I wouldn't like do anything overtly rude
but my body probably noticing that's all
I'm saying I'll do that for 150 151 off
donation you'll get that yeah well I
want to me you will get that I want to
make it obtainable but you know like you
know also you know because I got to go
by clown stuff then that's the only
right right that'll be the tough stuff
plant that seed oh and now people are
calculating what to do for clown makeup
and silent all stream was just some
simple addition right that would be
creepy as shit yeah what is you you just
here talking playing a video game and a
silent clown next to you for the whole
stream all right tortured biscuit hey
guys here's the dilemma Netflix isn't
available in my country would you think
it's wrong to pirate Netflix exclusive
series they don't expect anything from
me in the first place right are they
available on DVD eventually Netflix
shows and where they never available on
DVD
that's a good question rich it's
acceptable if you eventually find a way
to pay for it but you have to find a way
to pay for later yeah well I guess would
have to be later well yeah if it's not
available now and yeah I'm I'm of the
you know what that was I dunno you know
that was right well the clown one that
was the clown on maybe I have a
different idea of what's too much money
no that was that was definitely gonna be
made you knew it's a lot of money man
Ali Rosa says clown stuff well not sure
so by the way clown stuff is gonna
happen well I'll try to get it ready for
Sunday I guess because Sunday is their
next dream geez I know I promised it
will happen absolutely because I
promised I gave an amount and I'm a man
of my word I didn't think it would
happen that fast I thought it might
happen really yeah that's exactly what I
was expecting
that's great that's great who's gonna
cough up money for silent clown jack is
what they're saying not that much okay
um that's fine
clown but no face cam no well it'll be
guaranteed guaranteed it'll be great so
so Sunday Sunday you will get a cloudy
stream it'll be weird yeah it'll be
rich it's very excited about this
anonymous wants to know what our best
and worst memories from high school are
rich Wow there you go there you go
dress dress up like Eloise Cole high
school was the thing I had to do high
school was sure I'm not not overly
sentimental about high school mm-hmm
I get friend requests from people I
didn't even know that well in high
school I just completely ignore it I
don't give a fuck if I cared about you
in high school
hmm I still talk to you today absolutely
like Mike yeah Karen hmm if I didn't
care about you you'll never hear from me
again and that's fine there was this one
time
hmm where you know the people were not
kind of a general mmm it was okay in
high school high school was fine sure
junior high was a miserable experience
let's pick that along okay and walking
down the hall in middle school and I was
a senior and there's two kids I had no
idea other worse that wasn't like
freshmen or sophomores and this kid he
had like a full foot on the skinny kid
in front when he kept like shoving them
against the wall it's just kids just
trying to walk to his locker class I
took a bigger kid I just grabbed the
back of his shirt and I yanked and I rip
his shirt and I said pick on someone
your own size push them away Jesus
Christ I'm proud of that yeah yeah you
took the fear God in me right there
fucking ruined his fucking clothing yeah
I did not care Wow
that's the some fucked up shit
can't that's crazy
I mean that's great that's great for you
I don't have any stories like that from
high school yes do you bleed that's what
I should have told do you bleed you know
my you know and then he'd knocked me
look I was a senior I was much bigger
than him there's like freshmen they
haven't had their growth spurts yet but
the one was like really small I was
getting picked on and I did not like
that did not like that that's good
that's hardcore
that's hardcore yeah like for me you
know like I met my wife in high school
really enjoyed that part I met two
keratinized but the funny thing was we
never really had any of the same classes
together we had some of the same friends
I knew her mm-hmm I didn't know her that
well in high school we didn't become
really close until after high school Wow
okay we're just strange
Oh important question I've rich did you
brand him afterwards right like I have a
lot of fun memories from high school I
met a lot of friends some of whom I
still see to this day that one met my
wife in high school started dating my
wife in high school and the the my
favorite part of high school was the
moment I realized that it didn't really
matter
yeah what I did in high school which
happened right at the end of junior year
and so senior year was really a breeze
cuz it just doesn't it just does not
matter as long as you pass as long as
you graduate your life is not affected
by high school
too much money oh yeah like that's ever
gonna be a problem like that's ever
gonna be a problem all right if you like
your wife so much why don't you marry
her that's good all right um let's see
here hi jack hi rich Jack I know you
love board games
what would your top three favorites be
right now I am crazy into Marvel
legendary Lisa and I play it at least a
couple times a week to player and every
chance we get we try to get a bigger
like four four player game and I'm
mobile no invite me over for that shit
absolutely absolutely
I love I'm super super into Marvel
legendary because it's you know I'm a
big Marvel person and I enjoy
deck-building games also oh you need to
play this for our next board game night
is this mysterium that one were
someone's a ghost and the other people
I'd like trying to understand what the
ghost is oh we're having a board game
night soon mysterium is so fun it's so
different than any board game I've ever
played and I really dig it I don't think
I have enough time in the month to play
anything else doing you have four weig
this is spring twenty eighth yeah it's
the last day
oh no you don't have any time plant some
trees I haven't had time I've been so
busy with my crops well you know maybe
tomorrow they'll have some time I might
today okay Chad Chad wanted to see me
play those are you excited yeah has this
been worth it this is a perfect
streaming game right here I love it so
those are the two have been playing
lately that I can that I really enjoy
you know what but I've also just like I
like risk I like monopoly I like some of
the classics you know I know monopoly is
not necessarily popular but risk is
great risk is great
I'm not very good at risk because I do
really bad about thinking ahead but I
enjoy it
dice rolling monopoly I really enjoy oh
you know have you ever played um I'm
gonna forget what it's called it's it's
a really it's a board game that's like
that's like Tetris Oh remember what it's
called where you get like you get like
Tetris pieces and a board made where the
tetris pieces can fit the tetris board
game it's not the tetris board games but
um someone here is gonna know what it is
and you have to like put your Tetris
pieces where only corners touch you
can't let sides touch yeah and then they
all start interlocking it's a really
blackest thank you mph that's it it's
this game called blackest and it's very
it's it's a weird game where you have to
like get as many pieces on the board as
you possibly can and all the other
players are trying to do the same and
you can like interlock with other
players pieces but you can only touch
corners of your pieces together to
really really need blocks yes we did get
money for a clown stream there will be a
clown stream how much more for the
silent clown stream yeah that's a $200
we need a one-time donation of $200 and
I will be completely silent in clown
makeup yep on Sunday stream I don't I I
just can't I can't imagine I won't
explain anything by the way I will
refuse to jacket's if the silent
donation comes and it'll just gentle
just be Jackson look quietly in clown
makeup not talking to me yeah and
anybody who's like new to the stream I
won't say a word about it that's our
shtick yes that's really like I really
like
they were playing stardew valley it was
a lot of fun I really enjoyed the stream
the weirdest thing is though they just
had a silent clown I don't know if I'd
like it
$2
oh here's $2 for rich taking on the
bully not all heroes wear capes thank
you rich from anonymous rich I don't
care if you don't if you or I don't care
if you like it or not but I'm going to
give you my preacher update ok just
finished the saint of killers backstory
and it's becoming one of my favorite
series that's a great bad story yeah I
still need to get that from you
the preacher let's see here the real van
Jack there's a few board games based on
HP Lovecraft such as Arkham Horror
eldritch horror and elder sign don't
invite rich though he hates that stuff
Wow
I keep getting updates I followed the
guy on Twitter who's making the
blood-borne a board game and he's doing
like updates to it I'm just I'm just so
hyped gonna get that day 1 it's gonna be
great
anonymous tell us about the first time
you got drunk rich I lost about the
first time actually believe it or not
mister non-drinking does have a drunk
story really it's not much of one I'm
ready for it Kurt I'd always wanted to
see me good drunk and I you know anyone
who's a non drinker I think that's
that's a pretty big Universal let's see
what happens when when I ended up
getting a good job in construction ok
and to celebrate you know what colonel
yeah I'll get drunk for you that's what
you get and surprise surprise there's a
laundry list of people who would love to
see what I'm like drunk absolutely only
the mistake she made was she got drunk
too and she didn't get to really enjoy
it oh yeah I just didn't like I just I
threw up but I felt bad oh yeah real
good
I don't see the big deal well I don't
know I don't know what the fuck I was
doing I just drunk a ton of whatever
oh it was too much yeah well yes
obviously can you cut down those
mushrooms once you because they're
supposed to be rare I'd rather just put
a tapper on them all once I'm gonna put
a tapper
yeah what are they what do they get what
are you can you swallow mushrooms I just
keep producing Oh rather than a one time
you get mushrooms yeah you're gonna just
get continual Oh
meat meat I'm clearing out this whole
area I won't plant grass around here
it'll be like my little my little park
the but this is gonna be a mushroom park
Oh
mushroom part but it's my tree Park sure
okay like that I like that and I have no
recollection of the first time I got
drunk I come from a drinking family I
started drinking very early I mean I was
12 or 14 probably when the first time I
got drunk so I don't remember that far
back probably because I got drunk at
such a young age
close to another tree how far apart do
that to be it's nonsense wait one this
is too close to another tree no I just
you just need a the message popped up
said too close to another tree really I
thought you just needed all the blocks
around it to be free yeah that'll be
great
it'll be great you knew you had to know
that wasn't out of the question
you had to know obviously it wasn't out
of the question rich I just didn't think
anyone would pull that particular
trigger
not sure Oh doing I have very little
sympathy for you right now very little
sympathy there's just I just didn't I
didn't think anyone would just imagine
that that was your problem that was my
problem the next time we make this
agreement we're gonna up those stakes a
little bit yeah so so hence frosh is
saying total clownish motherfuckers so
Sunday stream will probably play in this
again because this is a fun little game
and I will be completely silent wearing
full crown here I will say I will not be
wearing clown shoes as those are very
expensive but I will find a clown outfit
I will wear full clown makeup I will do
my makeup you can go to the thrift store
just find the most ridiculous shoes you
plant is that what you want
yeah okay that's ridiculous as possible
great great this is gonna be a weird
stream everybody a weird lb turbo stream
we must be honest just like a rich Evan
solo stream we know how those go I don't
know maybe we just was someone else in
the room like you'll feel urged to talk
what game should I play because Jack
can't say anything I can't say anything
you can play this what does Jack hate
you could have rich play anything
wouldn't what games do Jack this Jack
hate one of your like masters answer
those some suggestions what game should
I play during the weird asked Jack
stream this work maybe like some get a
clown game dropsies possibility
possibly drop see possibly drop see
thief's only dangerous Jack would
despise only dangerous
what's that there's a ship flying game
oh yeah I probably would despise that
sweet Jesus Christ like a Pokemon stream
where Jack couldn't say anything
what sort of Pokemon should I uh I'll
just feel like I got alright stuff down
no I can't right yeah I don't think you
should okay you can this will be a this
will be a complete test of my willpower
I I have grown very accustomed to the
being as verbose as possible during
these streams because I think that's
entertaining and this will be a quite a
shift I can always use a dry erase board
that would be great um let's see here
Casey Banner wants us to play the bomb
defusal game with me giving instructions
in mine
that would be great
hey rich says anonymous if God doesn't
exist then how do you explain them Bible
it's nonsense how about this checkmate
that's how you explain it rob Vader says
this is the best day of my life
this is great this is going to be Sunday
is going to be an interesting day
the real fun thing the real fun thing is
I have a shoot very early on Monday
so that's not my propagating getting off
that clown makeup to make sure I look
professional Monday market do do the
fertilizers like override each other
what do you mean like can I use two
different types of fertilizer that fuck
me somehow I don't know I've never tried
two different types of fertilizer give
it a try this is yeah this'll happen on
Sunday because why not because you know
I promised we would do this and it
should happen soon Gunther studio says
Jack how much for you to never smile but
you Hawk a clown horn whenever rich
makes a bad joke oh you better believe I
am getting a horn
I am fucking getting a horn that's what
you get
don't you even believe I get Flint first
go click on it or right-click you just
click on it I guess maybe that's after
the fact what no no you put you put your
fertilizer down first
well I can't that's weird did you hold
that area yeah that area has been
holding to do ho why can't I do this are
you right-clicking on it yes some left
and right wait back only you're too
close I have no idea why I can't try a
different stretch try a different area Z
Ock 21 just wait wait till it feels
right what huh oh there you go just
weird yeah just wait wait till it feels
right man no hurry
I can't stack them okay well there you
go let's see here
turtle the wise wants one sex come
two-fisted buy dope smokes wants to let
us know I can't wait till it to get
weird it's gonna get weird
gruff Nick military said that just
happened there's nothing more I can say
I can't
until Sunday how about how about time
motherfucking fighter oh that would be
and that would be boring um let's see
here my name is Tate I asked the clown
question and with my $8 plus 2 is $10
and I say you can write messages if you
like also do I know any clown tricks oh
I'm making balloon animals
don't don't think I'm not making balloon
animals it's too close to another thing
oh oh you know what you might need to
just I think you first you need to hold
the whole square
oh the whole 8 square to close to
another tree no no miss Jim this is made
by one guy hold the entire square around
it now try planting it what that doesn't
make any sense something is wrong rich
this is not correct this is this is not
correct
oh they say dig up those plants at
acorns they count as trees there's that
planted a cone right there where'd this
yeah because you can plant stuff like
that and they count as trees yeah I'm
not gonna try it oh there we go thank
you thank you um let's see here
Nico : Jack so are we talking complete
silence or would having a clown horn or
a small Bell be a possibility oh I'm
gonna have a horn on warning bell all
the way I'm gonna definitely have a horn
I'll look into getting a bell and I'll
be making balloon animals every once in
a while I can make like three balloon
animals I've never never had a fruit
tree do they have like the different
qualities I'm like the Stars no I don't
believe so no they just they're just
standard yeah but the fertilizer should
help them grow faster one of them does
this one improves quality which I guess
I don't
yeah don't worry about the quality I
don't know if that affects the quality
of the fruit drop that drops from an
Lawson I'm wondering I don't know Chad
does anyone know I don't know um let's
see here
I want to posit that somebody knows this
question leftover beefcake this donation
is for a birthday hat for Jack's and
Sunday is my birthday and what a present
this next dream is gonna be well
beefcake happy birthday on Sunday you
get you get the biggest treat of all
this is gonna be this is gonna be just
the dumbest I love it I love it
anonymous
oh my god how much for rich to only
refer to Jack as daddy during the entire
zero zero chance of that happening
1 million dollars ha ha let's go put a
price I will do that fertilizer doesn't
work with fruit trees according to
liquid rail all right what about the
growth stuff probably not
let's see here tired and sad says rich
but as George Lucas could you explain
your hatred of clowns
the creepy there there's something even
a little clown I just I can't I can't
stand my son and where since I was a
small child
I've been panicked at the side of a
clown or something yeah and I just made
my family took me to the circus once
it's a child
I'm the clown just backing away in
terror at this that does Lovecraftian
horror that's this is this mutant
monster that one of my soul George Lucas
is quiet yeah he's very hard to do
because he's so quiet I can always pick
it up as long as I'd like
now we need a clown emoji and we'll see
there's an annual thing
it's clown Dee it's clown day what days
in it's clown day
you knew you you had no your reasonable
your reasonable human being Jack rich of
course the possibility existed that's
why I put a price on it I just thought
that might be too much money maybe too
much money that's what I thought to
myself I was wrong very wrong and I have
learned a lesson about how wrong I was
and you know sometimes we make mistakes
and all we can do is learn from those
mistakes and that's gonna be fine what
do we do when we fall what do we do when
we fold the question alike so like do I
need to drive here in full clown makeup
and do my makeup at home do you guys
want me to do my makeup on camera no no
I think I need to be ahead of time we
just need to start the stream yeah
you're already sitting there and I'm
already a clown makeup okay great great
oh there we go hey everybody it's been
an hour please stand up it is time to
stand up just I'm just I'm just it's
it's stand up time clown makeup yeah I
think that's the baby that's the best
that's the road that's the way to go I
want to play a game like this that like
is very popular on Twitch right now in
it because it will be the most fun if
Randy yeah people oh I agree with that I
agree with that is is this really
especially popular on Twitch I believe
okay I can look it up while I stand I
guess start a fresh game
I'm gonna get the bed get the water
trees
I've never fuck around with trees in
this they just they just do their thing
it was pretty popular for a while
what is now counter-strike hearthstone
dota 2 Call of Duty Street Fighter it's
it's like a it's like a weird card game
the division Dark Souls 3 creative I
guess I could play hearthstone and try
and figure that out on my own
you know start you know what stardew
valley still in like the top 15 mm-hmm
so it's still up there pokemon ruby
alpha sapphire no no chatting about the
clown that's not gonna happen no what no
chatting about the clown I'm just gonna
do it yeah yeah yeah no that'll be the
most fun is just pretending like it's
not happening pay2win don't get
hearthstone it refresh my drink in
preparation what time is it 10:30 are we
it's like wow
is it weird for you guys when we just
leave is that weird
yeah oh yeah taking a break is a normal
thing usually like they they have like a
little on break thing no I mean it's
fine you know just weird yeah is it
weird when we leave yes yes yes kind of
oh I did something at my knee oh okay
hold on I miss I think I missed a couple
tips so anonymous wants us to do
impressions of each other I'm terrible
at impressions so no okay great I like
Pokemon turtle the wise has bought three
copies of space cops so far gifted one
to a friend my god and sent a second to
a youtube series called welcome to the
basement have you seen any of their
YouTube common content first time I've
heard of them yep hopefully they enjoy
it oh that is fun and gruff Nick
military says wait a second what if Jack
is totally silent that means a rich will
have to read all of the tips yeah if a
newcomer asks rich why is there a clown
beside you look dead at the camera and
say what clown what's the best way to
handle them it's like but the clown next
me you have to look over maybe like what
clown deep to do ass I never went in the
corn
I suppose I could just ignore it that
part or read it differently
- I like substitute cloud with something
else go why is it why is there that or
say go like this go
why is uh so uh you know an anonymous
wants to know why there's a clown
sitting next to me
well this hat right here is actually the
Baltimore Ravens just talk about your
baseball hat as if you have a mental
disorder a caesarian fart rich what how
much for a Lucas only stream no voice
switching I'm talking about George Lucas
from minute one of the stream until the
end I don't think would be that good
I've been willing to do it for money
because I'm a horrible hack so out it's
quiet and the way I do it the way I
embody Lucas is wearing box gym when
you're the character doesn't want to
reveal things really let's get through
the clown stream first let's just all
hundred focused on the clown mystery
we're gonna get through the country and
we're just gonna see how you guys handle
the curtain of the clown stream because
it might be so weird we're just not
gonna know anything should know should
the mods delete anybody in the chat who
says anything about their brand of
Cologne I think it's better if they're
confused people asking about the clown
and nobody explains it that's the yeah
like nobody would have to explain it
mods can clamp down on people who
explained the clown like those messages
just delete anybody who tries to explain
what happened no like ever everybody
here just be cool you know you want this
joke to happen to everybody here's gonna
be cool we're gonna play a popular game
new people are gonna come in and be so
confused and it's gonna be great
anonymous says hey Jack I have 999 games
in my Steam library that's a lot can you
please ask the chat what they think my
1000th game it should be I also want to
hear what you and rich Fink as well what
do you like this shouldn't be up to
somebody else what you play for your
1000th game should be up to you my
friend
pac-man here pac-man pac-man DX what
here's what you should do
find a reasonably priced game that you
would normally just not play you have a
lot of games right now right but I bet
there are some games that you just say
to yourself I just won't enjoy this you
should try something different that
never works sometimes it works it does
so I discovered X so you know just think
about that every once in a while and by
the way you're totally right anonymous
says it's going to be hilarious when the
clown stands up every hour walks around
and sits back down without any extra
because I and the timer will go off too
so every hour just PPP people the clowns
are gonna get up and then sit back down
silently oh my god oh that's true fear
for luck boy has a good point
not even just new people there will be
prereq fans yep that weren't here
tonight that will be just this confused
that's right and everybody mine that's
fine everybody needs to just beat like
be cool like nobody talked about it
don't even mention it don't even say
what clown just don't answer their
question it'll be hilarious
we all need to work together
mm-hmm to fuck with people anyway what's
your worst air travel story
about all of them all of them okay I
hate planes every time I get in a plane
it's been very few times because I avoid
it whenever I can I am fully 100%
convinced I am going to die
uh-huh and every time I get make sure I
say my goodbyes to Karen yes I love you
you know I love you all right I'm just
convinced it's my last trip when I get
on a plane I hate it Wow I'm so sorry I
have flown on many many airplanes I
travel a lot and I like airplanes
because they get me there faster
you know why for it's good hey when it's
your time it's your time man you just
gotta let that be my absolute worst air
travel experience was we were on my knee
myself my wife and at the time my only
child who was I want to say - no no not
even to like one and a half one ish one
ish one and a half ish maybe even
younger no one and a half-ish Wow
we're flying and it was his first time
flying ever and we we took one airplane
and it was fine
had a little layover and we get on the
second airplane and the Sun had come up
we started flying rather early and we
thought it would be really cool like we
got him at the window see we looked at
the window and and you know it's like oh
let's watch the airplane take off it'll
be really great and this child without
knowing what was happening watched the
earth disappear and didn't understand
why the earth was disappearing and spent
the remainder of the two-hour flight
screaming at the top of his lungs yeah
and there was no consoling him it wasn't
his ears popping it wasn't anything
except for he was like rich Evans
scared for his goddamn life don't blame
the kid and everyone around us was
trying to give us advice about like what
to do when a child is upset at the plane
and we tried everything
everything and it was horrible it was
the worst flying experience
and yet to get home and then we had to
fly home and it was equally as bad yes
that we've flown several times since
then with both boys they are both now
very good fliers but of course like now
they're old enough to understand what's
going on we did take a little break from
flying but we tried we tried everything
and just screaming at the top end and
also flailing like he was also you know
he was a lap child at that point and
just we couldn't even like contain him
just no get me out of this metal death
box I feel for him yeah yeah that's all
that's all it was to him was a metal
death box that was making the earth
disappear yeah so it was but now it's
over and ever you know like they like
flying now I will never like him flying
is great it gets you to your destination
faster you have no control over what
happens any time any time any time
you're driving a car could come and hit
you kill you do boy damn you don't I can
I can at least take a like a vase of
fish I have some measure of control
no car no more than I have it up to bait
no more control everything you could die
any time let's see here then the engine
gives out your fuck I don't like it
right keep it away I don't like it let's
see here yeah easy
oi industry says Jack please consider
wearing all green so your clown face is
just floating next to rich while funny
it's better if I'm in a full outfit is
better I will try to find a clown off
with no green on it so it won't mess
with the green-screen tired and sad have
either of you guys played injustice gods
among us it's conflict between Batman
and Superman is far more interesting
than a Batman versus I've heard that I
have it I have it
oh okay I just haven't played it that
much I'm not a huge fighting game guy Oh
is there fighting here yeah okay
Street Fighter esque oh okay so now like
I just a brawler it's a fighter
alternate universe Superman comes
fascist Rob Vader is concerned about our
stream on Sunday because everyone is
going to think the clown is single
because the clown is not wearing a
wedding band for those asking I did see
that during the wedding band discussion
why I don't wear the fat guy wedding
band anymore is because I haven't gained
that much weight I've gained enough
weight back where my fingers are
slightly bigger than they were before
but not enough weight to be fat guy
fingers anymore I'm in-between ring
sizes and one is too tight and one is
still way too loose to be careful
cutting
yeah cuz I'm are good everything over
here was good you have to mark you're
good trees mister glitch says hi jack
any chance you could slowly crank a
jack-in-the-box occasionally during
Sunday's if I can find a jack-in-the-box
absolutely lost and Tech's Technicolor
says Jack can you make your alarm some
kind of creepy circus music for Sunday I
will see what I can do turbo Jesus five
thousand jack one of the times you stand
up after the timer goes off you should
come back with a knife blood blood like
around your mouth
get some fake blood is that acceptable
listen it's a silent clown stream
anything is acceptable covered in blood
just a little bit just a little bit more
blood each time you're right oh my god
günther studio says no Jack do the
reversal wear a clown outfit but paint
your face green I'd be weird no it's
good my Folklife full clown that's what
I promised that's what you're gonna get
anonymous says hey Jack and rich I'm
currently writing my first animated
series got any tips well I know
everything about writing an animated
series yeah I don't know
entertain yourself rather than worrying
about what other people think we're
funny make yourself laugh first I think
that's what I do
it's become it's probably a good call
I'm gonna look happy I'm gonna I'll make
a happy mouth I have a mouth clowns and
some big I need some never and that
never works they never look happy I know
they look weird it's been so long since
I've like done clown makeup it'll be
weird
fuck sabrine what's that fish with a
fish Haley wants a fish she won she is
but like what does she want to fish for
she's like giving a diamond I just need
some like fucking mall shopping fucking
Haley not planning on planting bees on
the 27th in a 28-day month but if I ever
get a greenhouse
once I'm to play it minute sure let's
see here tired and sad says down here in
prereq we all float I don't necessarily
get that
it's been a while down here we all flow
I'm green makeup around the eyes just
green makeup around the eyes so like it
cuts out my eyes on the green screen no
no like we we can't make the clown too
demonic because like the joke is just
that there's a clown it's closer to mic
enough on there alright right we're not
concerned about life just a normal cloud
is still creepy making it a demonic line
a normal clown in the wrong context
automatically creepy you don't need to
accentuate it too much yeah yeah yeah do
be sandwich hijack I just watched
Plunkett's cop dog review which showed
footage of other dog films knowing
you're friends with Mike and you have
two kids out of curiosity do these
movies belong to you
nope we get sense so much weird stuff
no in fact like one time why I try to
keep as many crappy movies out of my
house as possible and like I try to
steer them away from movies I think are
just deadly crappy and you know I try to
like have them watch good movies you
know a couple slip in here and there
from on Netflix or when they're at
grandparents house but now we try to
watch good movies they were actually in
the store oh no oh no Maru is is in her
parents house she wasn't just there okay
I don't know where she hangs out it's
fine it's all funny okay great I do a
lot of knifing yeah I mean I'm just I'm
a hand talker
she's a hand guy I'm a hand talker talk
with my hands Jack plays the handball I
play
I do the hambone all the time
what did they just see they just they
were just at their grandparents house
I watched pan the the Peter Pan prequel
the epic flop the epic flop and I loved
it yeah because they're kids they don't
know anybody just kids given her an
amethyst she likes him
oh of course she does cuz it's purple
it's purple she's purple like her hair
oh man you're the best you know she
keeps talking about like how much she
likes the caves and such so I tried to
give her stuff like out of the caves and
she doesn't like a lot of stuff you know
what she's a poser
she's a loner art John how are you going
to explain the Maya to Mike and Jay when
you show up in the costume also how will
you explain to your family about this I
will just tell them you get ready here
huh you get ready here before or I can
get ready here I don't know you know
it's not me the best way to do it
I yeah you guys well you guys clean it
gets smear like you know on the way here
or anything weird it really depends if
it's raining if it's raining I will
definitely get ready here if it's not
raining I might do it at home just
because then I can like really take my
time and think about my makeup yeah cuz
I want to make sure it's good clown
makeup you know I want to look good and
it's been a long time since I've done my
clown makeup the last movie I watched
together with my kids was when we went
to the theater and saw my neighbor
totoro and they loved it and I loved it
and we've got to see it in the theater
and in the theater was jam-packed and
there was a bunch of kids there they're
showing Miyazaki films at my local
theater all month I'm gonna miss this
Saturdays Howl's Moving Castle and I
really like that one
so we're gonna miss that one but the
last that was the last movie we we all
saw it together and it was great and now
like we just took a walk this afternoon
and the theater is showing Batman vs
Superman and I had to explain to my
children
I had to explain to my two children why
they couldn't go see Batman this was a
real conversation that we had doing
great Warner Brothers you do it great
that was and and and it's not like like
they're selling toys for Batman vs
Superman they are selling in action
figures they have some they have some
action figures from the movie because
they like Batman Superman what kid
doesn't like Batman Superman and you
know we're Marvel fanboys and Marvel
fanboys
Marvel Zombies yeah and it's it's just
it's just it's shameful um so you guys
can't see that movie it's inappropriate
for you like oh like oh it's also very
boring you're gonna be bored let's see
here
anonymous says the clown should smoke
cigarettes no cuz that's gross and it's
gonna stink up the wrong creepy enough
justjust a clown it's normal clown we
already have a silent clown that's weird
enough Manny the Vera King says
Harlequin please try to get Mike or Jay
on clown day you know I'm sure they're
gonna hear about it I don't think so I
think just me and you with you not
saying anything is the way to go oh I
agree that's the way I mean doesn't if
they come they come they're probably
they usually don't come so you know
that's what we have to do to do let's
see here speaking of pan do you two
think future generations are going to be
able to discover new cult classics that
were commercial flops or as media coming
out too fast now
no there's there's I think there's
always going to be a market for for
discovering you know lost treasures yeah
always
and almost almost Mad Max it did
underperform hmm but like even think
about like the the wet hot American
summer Netflix series right like they
did that movie that series that that
world found a new life even though it
came out relatively recently I think
there's always there's always gonna be a
market and maybe somewhere down the line
someone's gonna see a flop and give it a
chance and boom gonna get a second life
absolutely I am trying very hard to
think of an example of a movie that like
totally flopped but was alright that
might find new life later and I don't
know what that is though it's probably
going to be a movie that's a regional
idea or you know a new IP and
intellectual property property property
it's a proper it's properly a property
rich yes like I you know maybe there is
a world in which like Jack and Jill
becomes a cult classic that probably
won't probably not but there the world
exists classics are good movies that got
over once oh not bad movies that were
just bad people don't find them and just
say oh yeah there you go like stuff like
stuff like dread illicium edge of
tomorrow I think people are gonna look
back on edge of tomorrow really fondly
does it have to be a just to find just a
financial flop or a critical flop or
both either I think I think it's either
dark City dark city that came out the
shadow of Titanic I don't think it did
very well in
oh okay I hope more people go see edge
of tomorrow that is a really fun one I
should see you really oh it's great wish
it I know I should it's really fun it's
a really fun Elysium is is all right
ringing in Dutch you know it's not it's
not the underground hit that district 9
was but it's alright it's not bad
smelter wedge and all of us
oh no sorry full Picard full Picard says
I'm sorry if this is a downer but a
friend of Mines wife recently got cancer
they need money support they set up a go
fund me but it's not reaching its gold
please free wreck donate I will click on
this I will take a look full Picard I do
not I have clicked on the GoFundMe link
I cannot confirm or deny any donation
but I will take a look smelter wedge and
all of us says I tuned into the stream a
bit late so I might have missed it
but what are your thoughts on stardew
valley we filmed an episode I'm editing
it right now should be out later this
week probably won't make it up to the
main site so follow us on YouTube or the
Twitter and you will hear all of our
thoughts I think you just watch me and
tell that I'm in some kind of zone yeah
you are absolutely in some kind of zone
snow pea you know if snowpiercer was
alright I feel very simplest no piercer
I feel very similar to a listening where
it's like it's alright it's fine
is that right snowpiercer is like more
impressive if you know that like it came
out after the huge Captain America
success this all gets stored individual
oh that's terrible well oh yeah I do
that is terrible
oh that's terrible all right um where am
i turtle the Y's did you guys see room
it was really damn good I don't like
things that are depressing
I really don't yeah yeah I didn't see it
either it's just I know things to do
this is but this is coming from a dude
that thinks 2014's best movie is
whiplash edge of tomorrow is great by
the by oblivion is good too
great
I just you know snowpiercer had some
really good visuals and it was a fun
little story that didn't necessarily
make a lot of sense at the terrine movie
that's the Train that's all the world
lives on a train yeah
and the ending kind of kind of petered
out but it's fun you get to hang out
with Chris Evans for a little bit that's
always fun Captain America with the
beard you like Chris Evans no great it's
fine great great Captain America he's a
great Captain America moon is a good
candidate for cult classic absolutely
moon was great did you see gas emus Sam
Rockwell on the moon man it's Sam
Rockwell on the moon that's all you need
to know anonymous if I fund a pre req
world tour would you spend a few weeks
flying around the world to stream live
on location you can wear the clown
costume if you want if they fund it
maybe the answers absolutely there you
know that means that you have to get on
a plane that means you have to get on
several planes but you get to see the
world rich only believe caring it's got
to be funded for Karen too
then I can say a ticket over here you
can see the world I've shown you the
world and then I'm then I'll be dumb for
it I'll be terrified every time I get
the plane she'll need to work for us but
so she'll be our she'll be our life
that's just part of my price her her job
is calming rich Evans on the airplane
yes okay no they they didn't say
anything about meeting fans that you
said world tour like we'll just they
just want us to stream from different
locations oh we can do that it would be
really weird though because we would
have to have one like camera on us and
the location to like prove that we were
streaming in Egypt right and then one
you know also we'd have to stream so
it'd be like the game too
it would be strange but you know many
the Vera King have you guys watched
Justice League Justice League Unlimited
Justice League gods and monsters or any
other Bruce Timm related works I haven't
seen gods and monsters but it looks
interesting
I've watched a decent chunk I think of
the Justice League of the would've
chosen to entertaining it's got a great
Batman of the great Superman it's got a
bunch of other lame DC characters in it
though anybody ever here's a question
question okay does anybody actually like
Martian Manhunter is there anybody who
honestly likes that curve like he's just
super am super into Martian Manhunter
man he's the bomb he's he has a unique
backstory but you know what he's not his
purpose is not to be the main character
his purpose is to be a DC supporting
character because DC only really has two
and a half characters yes and a lot of
supporting players but like he is the
Yoda right and that is his purpose he
works in
Justice League setting he's you know
older than anyone else and wiser and has
seen more and you go you go to him as
Yoda and that's it for the last time I
am NOT green lanten
that's my Martian Manhunter impression
he is he is there he is there to be the
why this old hermit that people go to ok
what happens in your average flash
covered that's a I I have I have no idea
never read what happens in a flash
covered how do you how do you write for
that superpower I have never ever read a
flash comic ever ever every fight is so
much faster than my opponent it was just
weird yeah or my opponents exactly as
fast as me so just like two normal guys
fighting who's that work I don't know
how do you how do you write the flash
versus Captain Boomerang how do you get
one guy and he's got a boomerang and
another guy who can run at the speed of
light Tiberius Kirk says flash doesn't
beat the bad guy then he gets faster
then he's fast enough to beat the bad
guy that's the anyone out there anyone
who's watching who is a flash fan give
me a good flash book to read like give
me something that will change my mind
about the flash give me it like a
storyline you know like one graphic
novel or one trade paperback worth of
stories that I can read about the flash
and I will and I will I will give it a
shot because I'm giving comic books a
shot again
I was like the flesh had owned everybody
he meets in about half a second mm-hmm
how do you make it interesting what is
he is every flash issue and then he
handled the problem handily and another
time it baffles my brain yes rich hates
that spider-man made a deal with the
devil he really does it was just a
dumbest fucking thing I don't care about
the blasphemy that really doesn't bother
me yeah it's just so domed yes
no I yes and that that's true like so
flash is either beating everyone because
he's the fast because he's faster or his
villains are faster yeah it gets old
very quick it gets old very quick
they're saying flash point I know that
was a story that's all I know
that's what they're saying flash point
or the return of Barry Allen that's one
I'm talking about like day to day month
by month how do you keep that interest
but this is what I'm saying I'm saying
like what do you you read a story line
and say oh this is a fun story line and
that gets you into the character enough
where you can deal with a little bit of
repetitiveness because you like the
character maybe ah turtle the wise can
we expect another movie commentary I
know force awakens is around the corner
I'm willing to fund one how much fellows
you pick the movie
keep keep those subscriptions on the red
letter media YouTube page you see what
happens
rich in a movie sitting on my table over
there Oh weird why would a movie being
listener why would a movie be in this
room with all the microphones and
recording
that's weird
rich yeah if you could pick one older
first-person shooter from the 90s or
aughts - what should that should be
updated with today's graphics none of
them quick for doom - way to dark forces
work
rich is a cranky old man don't don't ask
him questions like that
it's a cranky cranky old man they
upgraded dooms graphics look what
happened everyone bitched it's true
everyone bitched they've kind of already
remade quick - because this kind of this
basically would quake 4 is quick - yeah
they're fine they're saying Jedi Knight
I will I would go more than just
graphics with Jedi Knight Jedi Knight
remade with without cast combat engine
mmm would be great but have been more
than just a graphic Apollo I think
that's a word that's a word and you use
it graphic more than just a graphic
overhaul right that case right anonymous
hey Jack I'm a professional video editor
living and working in Silicon Valley I'm
always looking for side projects to keep
myself busy could rlm or prereq use an
extra volunteer editor here's the thing
though Mike and Jays editing style
that's really that's the product ya know
it would work having somebody else do
that it's kind of the thing is their
signature and editing as you know cuz
you're an editor it's something that
like that's the part we really enjoy
like editing is the thing so you know
the short answer is no and the long
answer is no I guess all the answers are
no and I'm certainly not the person to
ask
cuz I don't do any of the editing rich I
like your stone paths I didn't you know
what I I've used all wood paths because
I didn't think I would like the stone
paths but I think they look great
I thought they were very nice they're
very nice to have the stone paths my
little cheese and mayo area here this
special wood yeah yeah it is now 11
o'clock rich this is the last day of
spring so I'm gonna finish this day okay
and then we will discuss we will have
our our epic yeah Batman vs Superman a
spoiler rific discussion try and give
away one more fucking gift and see if
you can get that extra extra mark what
do you got for yes I'm good I know she
likes Ellen I'm gonna go buy salad gonna
go buy sell thanks great mic volume is
so much lower than Jax that is the first
time we have heard that argument that
complain testing testing testing testing
testing testing testing testing testing
hey go it will happen as soon as this
day is over the spoiler rific discussion
starts in a few minutes it's probably
probably have about ten minutes probably
about 10 minutes before super spoiling
time if that I mean I really don't have
anything left to do on the farm I just
want to give what's-her-face a gift lei
is about it Leia it's fine she's my
future wife she doesn't need a name she
just needs to have babies can you have
babies in the game I'm pretty sure you
can yes you can have little babies oh
man oh man oh she's not there rich she's
somewhere you gotta find her I'm gonna
find you you haven't remember oh there
she is
Oh any interesting-looking driftwood
nice it would be special that you gave
it to me it would be special oh this
game is sweet yeah waking a doctor
anymore no way to check your hearts
check carrots yeah no still not there
you got one more gift left this week
though so you can do it yeah you can do
it not today not today
Ritchie likes Leia I've been working on
penny like I like that school marm you
know she's so sad though exactly just
talking to her is depressing you know
and but but you could bring some joy
into her life rich don't you want to do
that I want someone to bring joy to my
goddamn life is that too much to ask but
marriage is a partnership jack not a
one-way street I gotta tell late Leia to
go away because she was just too cute
but here's here's the thing about Leia
you're too lovable I gotta I gotta go
this depressing sack of shit here Leia
is an artist who will never contribute
anything to the household art she's oh
yeah no arts gonna pay the bills lame
fuck cramp at the Art Fair she held did
you know those are whatever hard events
oh yeah no I said up there I haven't
gone to the oh my god they are first
your soul champ Jack oh did you sold
things oh yeah oh yeah he's bringing it
in consult some water dear I am wearing
a fucking schoolmarm
she made it just two kids contributing
to do a society who's gonna take it
tribute to my my wallet god damn it
who's gonna take care of our kids
oh oh oh I'm sorry your your busy trying
to sell your goddamn driftwood oh yeah
did you see on my on winter 25th what
happened in the screen Santa Claus flew
across I didn't 24 the 25th I didn't get
that fun on the winter holidays yeah
whatever day that is Santa flew across
the sky that's a door was adorable
that's adorable okay
this is the end of prereq a tragic ye of
foo argument
what is it way fool I have no idea I
have what is away fool I'm not up on
this weeaboo crap I have no idea what a
way foo is where you see if you can go
to the internet and find a picture to
put in the background I was gonna well
last time we had on Nam oh you said Star
Wars game yeah I was gonna put on
injustice oh okay sure yeah what you
think something out in the background oh
sure sure wife you why'd you say wife
it's your any of the three you went
there because it's your anime wife
