Deadbolt... that's a little too close to Wedlock. (part 1)
March 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkjNQpLt85A

now we did not plan that that's just so
happen that just happens to be the
bottom of that building the bottom of
that building is just where the camera
ends isn't that weird what a weird
coincidence that it just happens to end
right there at the bottom of the screen
at the bottom of that building does the
strangeness of life the life is full of
variables rich yes yes and sometimes
random things can seem to have a purpose
but they're just they're just random
true but typically I distrust
coincidence why don't they don't trust
coincidence it's all I really I really
want to investigate the fuck out of
something before I'm willing to accept
coincidence I mean they happen all the
time I know just don't trust them you
just don't trust them I guess that's
fair hey guys hi everybody welcome
welcome welcome we we weren't
necessarily feeling the funny voices yet
and I want to have a conversation about
dead bolts we'll look too close to
wedlock do you know I'm Sam
it's actually the other way around Bobby
oh this is my shirt are you getting
keyed out no no I suppose you're wearing
a green shirt ring it's a blue shirt
it's fine how do I adjust that yes we're
professionals jack you see where do I go
in the settings huh
where I go in the settings
well right-click on face can pick up I
go to properties then into green screen
probably if you turn the similarity down
down that's probably
yeah that's pretty soaking up now we're
getting that are getting the border back
oh wait yeah see
I don't know what's one it's you know
what it's a black give me it give me a
second give me a second we're
professionals Jack what profession it
looks fine rich and I look like a ghost
we're playing a game starring the Grim
Reaper it looked like I'm starring in
The Sixth Sense
we're playing the Grim Reaper the game
no the thing is this thing oh god that's
or even worse is it you're wearing a
green shirt and to have a green sweater
I'm terrible things are happening I
think the shirt is fine whatever your
shirt would be fun - sure is like blue
yeah but it's in the same family it's in
the same color family rich this is the
third time rich has been a coast
what's the origin of the deadbolt
wedlock story again how did that work
when I was when I was much younger I saw
a stand-up comedian and I loved to stand
there family yeah everyone does in love
with it no I mean I loved it everyone
loves stand-up comedy except for Egon
Spengler I had a passion for stand-up
comedy I would consume as much stand-up
comedy as I possibly could and we were
on vacation and we saw a stand-up comic
and now that I'm older I realized he was
a complete hack yeah but at the time I
loved him and he had this little bit
about marriage and why he would never
get married uh no I don't think I don't
think I'm right for marriage I don't
think I could ever get man yeah you know
wedlock that's a little too close to
deadbolt did he go yeah that was how he
did his punchline no he did not do that
but the joke has always stuck with me as
possibly one of the worst jokes ever did
you recognize that at the time no I
thought it was hilarious but of course I
mean I wasn't I was a teenager I mean
I'm talking young teenager like so for
me it was just like ha ha ha ha marriage
yeah that sucks it sucks to be married
like I don't even know if I had a
girlfriend at the time I am I am a weird
man ok because it was the three idea of
merge soda nice OOP seems like a nice
thing sure you think it's someone you
really like each other you spend your
lives together always there for each
other it sounded wonderful I look
forward to getting married
oh I grew up in a dysfunctional house so
guy there you go I don't know I'm liking
everything pop culture-wise you know
like think about married with children
right yeah
marriage is a joke and married with
children like everything pop
culture-wise
told me that marriage was terrible like
every guy hated marriage and so I was
like okay I'm supposed to hate marriage
wedlock deadbolt oh god that's gold you
say I like married with children myself
but I could also think for myself well
but I didn't let the TV tell me I was I
did not let the TV tell me
how to believe I am significantly
younger so when I saw married with
children I was much more impressionable
when I was an impressionable youth you
were a grown-ass adult when mater
children came on I was a youth what was
that an unhappy marriage
I have no piggy wanted to have sex
almost constantly Peggy was super hot
and wanted to have sex all the time I
have no idea why that was supposed to be
a marriage here's the thing about
married with children is it the story of
a closeted gay man he sells shoes hangs
out with his bed with his buddies all
the time yep
constantly refuses to have sex with his
hot wife yep and he he definitely over
accentuates all of his manly feet yeah
like all the time yep that's exactly I'm
sure that's not intended that's pot you
could read that into there yeah you
could so what the fuck are we playing we
have a game going on we're going
deadbolt what is what the fuck is dead
ball so here's here is all you need to
know about that bolt it is the exact
same creative team that made risk of
rain why is that all I need to know
because that's what sold me on it that's
what sold you want it didn't you love
risk of rain
I like risk of rain these are these
people who are made of risk of rain and
they made a new game called dead ball
that's it I don't know if that's
entirely fair well what was the super
wasn't what an argument you came in
today I came in today and I want to I
wanted to ask for it's a very important
question
can you guys hear this by the way
because here's something I can tell you
for sure the this games soundtrack is
black it is an amazing soundtrack we're
gonna be so embarrassed with yourself in
like six months
why
you're saying yes that's right Chris
Krista dulu did this soundtrack and it
is awesome it's a it's a great
soundtrack I've been listening to it all
time
anyway here's my question here's a
question I posed to risk to risk of
bridge yeah I know it's bleak I know it
is is does an artist's previous work or
is it fair to judge an artists new work
by their previous work my knee-jerk
response was yes but I was thinking like
like you're going from dark souls to
blood-borne sure not one genre into
something entirely different
yeah then it's less relevant but not
completely irrelevant not it's not
completely irrelevant and it's like my
here's my he's been my issue is I've
been playing a lot of dead bolt
and overall enjoying it I think it's a
fine game I think it's a fine game and
an amazing soundtrack but in my head
it's just not as good as risk of rain
okay but they're completely different
games yeah but I can't separate them
because that was the reason that I
bought the game these people who made a
game that I love made a new game um get
by that game so like they're
intertwining me happy feet versus Mad
Max George Miller made Mad Max happy
feet must be great like would you would
you judge invisible ink
based on mark of the ninja right exactly
they're so different though they're so
different that's it but see that's a
good question and that's you know that
less relevant for me because I love both
right I know you didn't like invisible
ink but at what Buddha wasn't because of
mark of the ninja right like I'm more on
the fence E about injuries I was all
about it and now more on the fantasy
about invisible
but yeah also market an engine invisible
ink have enough separating them these
have very similar art styles and I don't
know we didn't yeah we have the preamble
on done or whatever we didn't what oh
wait where's over yes mark of the ninja
story is Dulles potatoes potato woody
nobody gives a fuck no nobody gives a
fuck it's fantastic to be stealth
gameplay fantastic 2d stealth game
oh god it's stories but own oh so you
mean I'm less invested when I'm fuckin
slicing people in half or sneakin glad
them without killing anybody yeah yeah
another night
and assuming I had to do that no nope
what what happened you got dead I got
shot you know
look you can take cover am I supposed to
kill these guys or not yeah yeah yeah
when you tell me I should have done that
well you know you didn't oh I thought
you meant punch him to death okay I
could stab him to death okay
how many knives do you get though cuz
you get more than one he has a one
killed per knife
no no well so the the knife is either a
stabby weapon and then you get unlimited
stabs with it or you could throw it and
you get one thrown but if you throw the
knife it's an insta-kill
step
hey Matt crawl fish welcome to the
stream glad you could come along what is
this game for noobs this is deadbolts by
the makers of risk of rain and oh shit
yeah yeah you see the little pointer and
it's a it's a it's a bit of an odd I
want to call it like like side-scrolling
hotline Miami we know where it's very
it's it's it's got some action but it
also has some stealth elements and
unlike hotline Miami
it's less chaotic
hotline Miami kind of just kind of
clustering your way through the whole
thing and here it's a little every
movement is a little more purposeful how
do you switch weapons
I'm sure I'll tell you know he is cover
I'm sure it'll tell you in the next
tutorial level oh there you go no no
it's not it space
there you go spacebar much less I'm a
keyboard mouse guy I'm not used to using
WASD mm-hmm
you can swap all the stuff if you want
you can swap all the things so here's a
neat little strategic stealthy mechanic
where you can go through you can smoke
your way through air vents and toilets
and pipes water pipes to gain the
advantage are they yes they're actually
zombies these are actual zombies you're
the Grim Reaper you have an adorable
little skull face okay and these are
zombies
they have guns yeah the zombies in this
world that date
this mouthful he told us to
would have been curious in our thoughts
on what
no neither of us have played fallout
neither of us have played fallout 4 not
necessarily our type of game single
anything is able to kill you if you get
you get hit at all you're dead you did
oh I'm finally back yeah yes I am
person of mystery for you how do I talk
to you I can only turn on the light
fine then
dead both
how do you get how do you get up can you
guys not hear me sitting talking to up I
cares to know your thoughts I'm using
emulators to substantially improve the
graphics of other games it's fine why
would I feel badly about it I mean you
guys know how I feel about emulators in
general oh it's terrible you have to
play the game looking like dead or
you're you're you're a bad person well
usually when you have an emulator it
means you're stealing with it and you
know how I feel about stealing media
fine if I owned a game and I also
emulator I don't give no fucks I got a
get a fucking crate load of nest games
in a garage somewhere I'm gonna I'm
gonna go I'm gonna drive down to Chicago
as long as go and do that garage and
grab my nest game and drive back up to
Wisconsin so I can enjoy it no proof of
purchases then fine I'm you lied all you
want
mmm-hmm they said to unlock yeah you
have to talk to the fire not to the fire
run you have a step since you have to
talk to the flower market might not be
able to get our camera is annoying
flames roar alike and voice speaks
um not necessarily looking forward to
the day of the tentacle remake rich
isn't a huge fan of point-and-click
adventure games yeah and I guess you
know I played a couple I played a little
David tentacle and I'm not some bee gang
member somaye isn't my car that's your
car yeah and later you can buy different
weapons to start each level with and so
you can go in there and change your
weapons out Lord Belmont says Carl
Sagan's demon-haunted Carl Sagan's demon
hunted world science as a candle in the
dark talks about the mathematical
likelihood of coincidence and how our
minds make them significant that's the
thing we humans really like to see
patterns in things we can look at clouds
and and fun and you know find faces but
just coincidences also do you like Sam
Harris who Sam Harris spoke an atheist
guy haven't heard mushrooms and I'm sure
he's fine I've never heard of him
I'm familiar with him but that's really
about all okay honestly that's the thing
humans love patterns we love them
constellations think about
constellations
Billy
you are currently out of it did you lose
all the ammonia or the gun - she danced
well you start with a gun I do yeah the
trunk I know you can't go in the trunk
anymore cause you've already started the
mission yeah you should have had it with
you okay fair enough
you don't write you that's fair enough
nothing matters Indiana Jones number
five great good for them
let the old men make their movies you
know what's wrong now they've announced
an Indiana Jones v Spielberg and with
and Harrison Ford yeah oh he was too old
last time everyone knows that they're
gonna go to the mutt well are they
nobody wants to see mutt starring as
Indiana Jones's lame replacement know
what I'm sure is gonna happen is like
they're gonna start the movie by like
saying goodbye to mud as he goes off to
college and just forget about him for
the rest of the movie Indiana Jones and
the why God why Indiana Jones and the oh
my back and knees and hard my arthritis
oh but that's the whole title Indiana
Jones and lost aspirin Oh Indiana Jones
and the obstructed bowel Indiana Jones
in the hi room
I was I was making a joke about Indiana
Jones forgetting who he was and having
early onset dementia and talking about
his florist
yeah Indy Indiana Jones and the diaper
of doom
oh nice rich Jim McMahon has early onset
dementia Jim McMahon it's on the 85
Bears he was the quarterback okay like
50-something okay yeah that's too early
to have to get them last lets you get
for playing football that's what you get
for smashing your head against things
for a living yet I mean I feel bad
dementia example things I feel nothing
you feel nothing I mean I don't know who
he is but I am if you feel bad for just
about anyone who has dementia unless
like they're an awful person it was he
was famous for being a prick oh like a
real prick the 85 Bears kind of had
attitude issues they had personality was
what they had sure all right well you
know what then I'll reserve my judgment
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the
sunrise retirement community I like that
one oops the the 85 Bears Super Bowl
might be one of my earliest memories mmm
clear concrete memories yeah take that
yeah oh hi lighter than I haven't yeah
you have it oh wait oh yeah so look up
in the left corner okay you have the
3200 the oh and just get me more bullets
so I did I think heaven I accidentally
started this mission again
care yeah yes oh I didn't have both all
right
yeah I wonder what you did with the
other one
we got you hey Gupta got you it's you
know it's they're gonna make it we can't
stop them from making another Indiana
Jones movie Spielberg's too smart for
that they're they've they've touted it
as the first Indiana Jones movie to have
no involvement with George Lucas really
this may be will be good
I wonder if I wonder if Lucas and
Spielberg kind of falling out it seems
weird that he would even do that I think
this is just done with everything right
just doesn't care
I think yeah oh yeah I guess this would
be a Disney movie now oh yeah yeah oh
sorry telegin yes jack and rach before
the stream i had a fire down at the
beach through an old Christmas tree on
top and it exploded too kinda speaking
of which when have you nearly died I was
at Disney World and my brother nearly
hit me head-on with a motorboat mm I
remember that
when I was I don't know if I've ever
told this story when I was 14 15 I was
held up at gunpoint I didn't know this
you didn't know that
no no held up at gunpoint I was with my
mom and my little brother we're at a
grocery store in Las Vegas as part of a
big road trip we were taking it was an
awesome road trip and my mom and my
little brother were loading stuff up in
the back and I was lucky we had a
minivan and I was loading stuff
something up in the side door and I saw
two girls and one of them went to the
front door snatched my mom's purse so I
I started walking towards the other one
light like and it didn't even cross my
mind that they stolen I was like I was
gonna go up to her be like why did she
take the purse you know like it just
didn't cross my mind that they were
stealing you know like it was so
shocking so I went up to the other one
held a gun right like this far away from
my face this far away from my face told
me not to move so I didn't
Ryoga how the situation was I did shoot
you this yes I've been dead this whole
time yeah she shot me right in the face
I lost most of my face and we found it
again so we got to put it back together
which was nice so in any case that that
was probably the closest I've ever come
to really death
there's been other found things there's
been other time things know the
situation resolved you know we called
the cops apparently they had been doing
the same thing with a lot of tourists
yeah just quick snatch and grabs and run
away and there's nothing we could do
gave him the information you know yeah
we had to continue on our road trip we
were the really tough part is we were
leaving like we were going to the
grocery store to pack up the van to
leave Vegas and it was like that was the
that was the one kicking the balls right
before we had to go get in the car again
together my hair had to be amputated
that's exactly how I lost my hair right
after that I started losing my hair they
they can see when they get close but
they can you're a little more concealed
oh you know what my mom actually years
later years later got a call from Vegas
PD saying they had found her purse
really no joke no joke and we we
frequently we frequented Vegas which was
great for me because I got to play in
all the arcades but like the head chefs
yeah head shots are great instant
instant kills if you can get them
they're tough um just this guy you know
says here's money
thanks for playing a new game I don't
have time to play much so you are my
vicarious gaming experience any guesses
at Batman vs Superman Rotten Tomatoes
core I'm really curious to see it
here's what you should know I looked
this up in 69 because I was curious man
of you know Man of Steel's Rotten
Tomatoes cars 70-56 really okay which by
the way faith in humanity makes well it
also makes perfect sense it just means
that half the people going to see it
didn't like it and half did you know
doesn't that make perfect sense
sometimes the the Internet's a great
place my guess is right on opening
weekend it's gonna stay it's going to
start with a relatively high score
alright yeah and then as more and more
people see it it's going to I think it's
gonna top out at 60% it will it will do
no better than 60% I was uh I was at a
used media store the other day
I came across a copy of Man of Steel for
really cheap yeah and I keep telling
myself like uh before Batman vs Superman
I really want to re-watch Man of Steel
and like try to understand it cuz I
really disliked it but it's like maybe
maybe I was being harsh and before I go
see dawn of Justice which I've
eventually I'll see I should really give
Man of Steel another charm they had one
for super cheap there so I bought it
and I felt I felt really bad it's just
sitting on my desk now looking at me
going oh I got it watching me okay so
now you have a sawed-off shotgun and a
hammer but if you look you sawed-off
shotgun only bullets grabbing the
sawed-off shotgun so I do I mean the
Hammers how you do that right
I shoot lights yes you can chew lights
I've watched Man of Steel a few times to
make sense of it it doesn't help
I'm sorry beer Meister it's I feel
compelled and I don't know why I feel so
compelled but I definitely feel
compelled to just try to figure it out
maybe you should have been harsher on
Man of Steel and you wouldn't be in the
situation I would I'm very harsh on Man
of Steel I think it's a really bad movie
that's why I want to re-watch it this is
your bullets no it's not a bad game and
and the levels get progressively more
and more challenging and you get more
weapons and it all progresses very
nicely deadbolt
like I said which is my problem is I
just I just keep comparing it to risk of
rain and I understand that that's my
problem
Batman fights Superman for two hours
then a monster shows up and suddenly
they are all friends yeah yeah well no
shit no I mean and you got you know it's
going to be exactly one hour of brooding
exactly one hour of fighting each other
and then a half an hour of fighting a
monster you know I'm all out of fucks to
give about mana about dawn of justice
yeah you know what I can do within that
we shouldn't the more we talk about it
this is for you out there Internet the
more we talk about it the more publicity
we give it
did you guys get an advance screening
yes like we always do why would people
even think that because the movie
reviewers generally get in a game screen
we are not in the round in the same
realm as movie reviewers and so no never
I don't think I don't think Jane mic
have ever gotten an advance screening of
anything not for a review Mike used to
work at a movie theater oh that's right
that's right
I threw Mike I saw like The Phantom
Menace a couple days early
same with the tack of the clone so it
was a little bit more reluctant than
that one and then I don't think he was
working at the theater anymore on one
Revenge of the suit that came out but I
was still dragged kicking and screaming
to see the movie with Emma Jane I so did
not want to go see it
so yeah there's never there's never any
any sort of early screening to make sure
the review is out for the release date
kind of thing and I you know what I
don't think it's because like Jay and
Mike are overly harsh or anything I just
think they don't have the contacts they
don't play within the system so if you
want what if you want to exit out of
here
oh the button you can't see the point I
can't see this because the camera is
right there I head out that door
Ariana's done
that's this is where you can bind the
weapons and you have 70 souls I'll go nd
these all go in the trunk
but you can only have one primary and
one secondary to start every lab to
start every level
is Sara
you know I didn't see the new
Cloverfield movie I've not been out to
see a movie in a while except for when I
went to go see my neighbor totoro I
still haven't seen dead
time no time
there's no time for anything yeah yeah
it was great my neighborhood theater was
playing my neighbor totoro so I took my
boys to go see it it was awesome
they loved it what a beautiful movie
that is would you watch a Batman vs
Superman if it was Michael Keaton's
Batman
I would watch but if it was Michael
Keaton's Batman and Christopher Reeve
Superman
I would absolutely go see that Batman
but that wouldn't be called Batman vs.
Superman that would be called two
awesome people team-up in the fight
crime it would have a very different
mood to it I'm trying to I'm trying to
think of when this I'm not I'm not I'm
not mr. aunt I uh came dropped I got his
fucking name current Batman what's his
fucking name
yeah I'm not anti n flick oh I'm not
anti yeah well see how he does I think
Affleck has some potential he's got some
possibilities I like him as an actor
I like him as an actor I'm excited that
he spent a lot of time reworking the
script because I think he's a talented
writer and for bigger guys like that
headshots might not insta-kill but they
will kill him quicker yeah you know no I
don't think a flex the problem I don't
think Harvey Cavell or Harry Cabella
Harry Campbell
I don't think Harry Campbell will be a
problem I think you know he can be fine
I think Zack Snyder is the problem and
his this vision of like the dark and
brooding Superman is the problem and
part of that is because that's not the
Superman I grew up with you know
so I'm willing to take part of the
responsibility the drugs do it's just
the mission the mission is to say you
know you can save that until after you
killed everyone if you want but do you
bleed
what was the what's the one do you lead
well you were rich that line nerd was
great rich Evan says the new Batman I
just yeah you know why are we talking
about that why are we talking about that
because you know what was confirmed
recently what that Kevin Conroy and Mark
Hamill are confirmed for The Killing
Joke killing Joe why aren't we talking
about that we're talking about Batman
because it's an animated movie so what
it's gonna be infinitely better because
the people involved are good and the
story involved we know is good that's
true now I give a fuck what Hollywood
shoving down my throat when it comes to
Batman probably know affleck batman is
gonna be a fun ass-kicking batman that's
not too serious I mean at least I mean I
I mean like in a kind of comic book II
ultra violent way not like not like deep
seriously written way just gonna be bad
man who runs in and just beats everyone
is that what you want though no we can
Jack to shame
puny Superman Superman freak Batman
building Batman breaks Superman
oh yeah go if you're going in looking
for a hole Camus V in your mind every
characters and then you got a you got a
great movie gobbledygook says my god
that took a lot of bullets Congrats to
rich on the no pause FTL right thank you
we I did it rich showed me just the end
of it of him squeaking through that no
pause run definitely congratulations did
you know there's a Batman vs Superman
tournament this Saturday March 19th in
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
how does this tournament work you do be
going to beat up people like this about
you I just like it I just like it
let's shop psycho blows well it's look
how far away you I figured they would
hurt more people not Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam
Oh can I stab them now what are what are
our thoughts on the dark night movies
want ones all right two's really good
the third sucks once one is Blom what is
Blom sure because Christian Bale sucks
uh-huh what is good because Heath Ledger
does not suck there we go
the other ones okay Dark Knight Rises is
is I have not seen a Christopher Nolan
movie since the Dark Knight Rises
because it left such a bad taste in my
mouth he's only made one but I didn't
see interstellar because I just didn't
want to deal with that hump I really
hated the Dark Knight Rises
welcome some lights only going a little
bit I guess light angle is the thing
yeah the door opened and the light from
there came well sometimes the light only
goes in a little bit oh why Saiga's
light angle
no is it thing lighting goal I didn't
see it her so you know why they don't
give a shit about it Chris Nolan Dark
Knight Rises was so bad it's so bad and
you know especially coming from Dark
Knight which I think was brought was
pretty tight and character focused
he's gonna steal a night yeah I thought
okay somebody knives - I hate this
fucker you know I think like you can get
like if you get like two shots in his
head I don't want to alert everybody I
want to do it's stuffy oh well then the
knife is quiet I assume the knife is
quiet but if he panics the others might
panic too like he might go out if he
screams so you'll have to grab the nice
invite and stab them over there do a
quick quick weapon swap oh I did see
that moon front yes I'm so excited about
that wish there is a blood-borne themed
card game in the works
I love card games that love deck
building games is my blood born without
the gameplay laughs I Got News for You
old man Evans here can't hang on I was
setting shadow the shadow doesn't mean
you are invincible rich it just means
you're harder to see bullshit get with
the times
that's bullshit get with the times
that's not video game logic that's video
game logic get with him being designed
by Eric lang the guy who designed the
XCOM board game which I have played we
have the the answer is for when it comes
out will we play it on stream yes
absolutely
hopefully it'll come out hopefully it'll
come out before October maybe we'll do
like a spooky I have a lot I have a lot
of horror board games at the moment now
go and say I'm good just go stab him
while I was back in Stern you'll get
like two stabs in well he's now looking
I understood didn't trust myself enough
for that you got it you gotta go fast
oh look oh the other guys are down here
now that's probably better what are you
wait
all the guys are down here now I'm
excited about the bloodborne card game
yes I
it looks fun it's it's uh he said he
wanted to design it with the video game
in mind and so he's like there's gonna
be a lot of death there's gonna be a lot
of replaying it's gonna be frustrating
and that sounds great
did you see the episode of Bill Maher
were Ben Affleck kept ignorant ly
defending Islam the guy that knew what
he was actually talking about that ethic
Oh gross and raises his Sam Harris oh no
this is Bill Maher still have a show
probably what did Bill Maher do no
because they mumble do that I know cuz
it's it's like it's just talking about
defending Islam and it's just like
that's just gonna bring up a shitstorm
bill did you see the episode of Bill
Maher where Ben Affleck's kept ignorant
ly defending Islam the guy that knew
what he was actually talking about that
Affleck called gross and racist is Sam
hair so Sam Harris must have also been
on the show
much range for that fucking knife do you
throwing you drawing it oh yeah I think
you threw it at the floor no I it just
lost you should have been able to hit
him did you hit a corpse instead you
might have had a corpse instead and I
don't know if he directly defended it
because I haven't heard it I don't think
it's a very good religion I don't think
it has very good things there there are
Islamic countries where you can be put
to death for not believing that's true
that's true
it's terrible religion well terrible
yeah you know III think that there are
extreme there are extremes and I think
to say the things that can be said about
Islam can be said about many religions
so singling out this one of course it's
it's happening now you know is they're
ordering murdering people is happening
now is the cause of Islam a Christian
country where you could be executed for
not believing a Christianity is there
China for not believing in Christianity
it might be true I don't I think it is I
don't you think the communist country
the biggest communist country on earth
puts people to death for not believing
in Christianity I believe they're very
Christian in China somewhat that
someone's gonna tell me I'm wrong
everybody's going to tell you you're
wrong you think uh-huh can we just stop
that I think we should China was it
isn't China very Christian Who am I
thinking of China is not a Christian
country uh-huh what about what about
that guy who just shot a bunch of people
because he was very Christian here in
America
was not just the thing
oh I'm thinking of Antarctica right
Antarctica puts people with death
because they're Christians yeah that guy
who just shot up the the abortion clinic
because God told him to because they
were saving babies and God told him to
I'm not saying I'm not saying charities
great yeah I'm saying they're both
terrible I'm just saying I think Islam
is worse well cuz just math was cuz it's
happening right now
numbers wise I don't give a shit about
the Crusades because that happened a
thousand years ago
sure sure Christian there's a Christian
movement that's fairly strong but it's
Underground
okay I know you know you know me I go on
a general rule of if you ain't bothering
nobody do what you do yeah so if you're
if you're a Muslim person and you ain't
bothering nobody yeah you do it to do
right never a point claim that all
Muslims are terrible because that would
be ignorant wrong right right but but in
saying that you know like the Muslim
religion as a whole is a terrible thing
you're kind read the book huh read the
book I'm just I'm just I'm that's what I
wanted you to get to that exact
statement that gray area standing that's
a lot of stabbing you might you might
need to shoot him or go in the other
entrance first
you could go the other way first he's
got knives and shotguns that way and I
got two people I got a shoot in the face
this way yeah I saw that Star Trek and
acts are getting sued by Paramount yeah
the the fan of the Star Trek fan film
which look once you once you once you go
to Kickstarter for your Star Trek fan
film do they go to cakes that I think
they did and then there was something
that went to Kickstarter in a Star Trek
fan film and Paramount came down and
them because at that point you are
taking money for someone else's property
yeah absolutely
they have to defend their copyright yes
agreed I didn't know they were taking
money I just thought fair amount was was
coming down on them
then again I think start reading
continues had a Kickstarter - nothing
happens I don't know maybe they weren't
as popular I don't know
yeah you can't you can't take money for
for making a fan film for taking someone
else's intellectual property
I think the mr. Pibb says I think the
thing that got paramount on wasn't them
taking money to make it but then selling
cups merch whatever with the name out
absolutely well then then you get the no
shit territory
exactly exactly then you get into the no
shit territorial
than someone else is saying apparently
the people making the fan film we're
talking to Paramount all throughout the
process of making it and then paramount
suddenly turned around and hit them with
on their property yep it's their
property you can't you can't sell stuff
if you don't own that stuff if they
suddenly decide well we don't want
somebody playing with our toys after all
yeah it's kind of there right yeah bill
la hecka hey guys I have an advanced
screening pass to Batman V Superman on
Monday congratulations congratulations
the last Batman vs Superman trailer
featuring Affleck as an Arkham like
Batman with taking on multiple foes and
stealth combat gave me hope I know hope
all ye enter go in with low expectations
and then you can be surprised
but you know much like much like my my
constantly comparing you know this to
risk of rain I'm no good at this by the
way yeah yeah you can get there you you
know what you'll find it you have to
that mouse cursor needs to be on their
heads is is something you should be
thinking about if that mouse cursor on
their heads
don't just line-of-sight it
Your Honor rich you are on it
yeah I just don't have I don't have high
hopes and I know the movies that Zack
Snyder's made I know the Superman movies
anyway
Thanks nice
oh yeah leftover beefcake is drinking
the grapefruit sculpin which is fine
it's I think the regular sculpin is the
is the superior of the two the
grapefruits cup and it almost tastes
like rind like grapefruit rind and then
you know if you've read the if you read
the ingredients they use the rind and so
it's a little bitter it's a little tart
so beefcake next time you're at the
liquor store see if they have just a
regular sculpin you're gonna like that a
lot better and make sure that you're
pouring the grapefruit sculpin into a
glass that releases more of the aroma I
like death scar quite a bit it's a cool
car yeah that's a cool ass car
absolutely it's very difficult in the
the Jung and the restless' says shut up
jack and no I won't ever you early how
was this stuff I shot him in the head
why are they not activated I don't
understand
detection in this game I'll be honest
with you I think that needs work
whoops I'm drinking straight from the
bottle
always with craft beer always pour into
a glass that release that release of the
what's in it co2 yes the release of
whatnot is what opens the they say they
say to pour it in a glass because it
opens up the flavor I want like a bubble
of sound so I know where I'll be heard
you get no bubble rich I'm sorry
and I'm trying to remember how I did
this level so I can give you some
pointers I definitely killed the bouncer
first the good guy down here yeah I got
a nice pretty much free kill up here
sure take that ah okay so I see so that
guy was close to the door that time so
yeah he got activated and now he's
activated the other guy so you have to
wait until he's over by a closer to the
stairs
hey weird question what if I sent rlm a
DVD for best of the worst and it doesn't
have a case is a generic case okay
here's what I'd say is find a generic
DVD case and make up your own cover art
or you know find the cover out and print
it out and put it in the generic DVD
case if it's just a DVD you we'd
probably be less likely to even look at
it so find some bootleg cover art or
make your own cover I'll draw funny
pictures just this guy you know says I
sent a bunch of these to rlm for no
apparent reason just curious what
happened to them has a link oh these
what do you want oh yeah did you you
guys got these right think so they're
like they're like party grow grow
capsules you know you put them in water
and they grow expand just this guy you
know we did to get them I think Mike was
playing with them so I cannot give them
to my kids because Mike has already
played with them
we still don't know what that box is no
one has claimed responsibility for the
box
so like you see how the circle gets
bigger that's like your the area of
randomness
we did actually open a box today oh did
you if some guy made some props and
they're like related to remember Aloise
coal like it like ancient artifacts
related to the demon eloise coal Oh
brief clown the grief clown yes the
grief clown yeah he made some some like
artifacts to the death goddess a Louie's
cold oh I want to see those before I
leave
that's great downstairs on the big table
oh I'm gonna take him out do we actually
go in blind for best the worst stuff for
you preview it quickly first I have
started previewing we love the worst
tapes yes because we've gotten enough of
them that are just bland that we can't
say anything interesting about that it's
yeah it's kind of necessary but movies
never never screen a movie no never
never you and you know but we've also
developed a bit of a a bit of a sense
about what will be good for best of the
words you know you can kind of tell by
the cover you can kind of tell by the
the description oh and if you already
have that gun it just we can also refill
yeah oh no and you have no idea how much
wheel does suck doing it because we will
usually watch a few more that don't make
it to the final episode because they're
just so bland I won't say usually it's
70 times it's happened to every time
I've been there
I haven't done maybe there a couple
times I've only been there a couple of
times I changed your pistol and just
unloaded on him that's not weight that's
how we got Shoji we wear that florence
henderson video yeah that was just so
blend you say you put on makeup you spun
it again no oh my god we got shows you
that time nice don't forget to change
out your pistol
your pistol
yeah I wanted to use all from that one
first look
is that why some of the things on the
wheel I've just dropped the wheel
refresh with all new stuff some of them
yeah
actually no that's not why actually we
started we started changing off the
wheel every episode because part of it
is going through and reading off the
names and we didn't want the same
fucking tapes every time sure that's the
actual reason we start change of the
wheel gobbledygook when you have time
check out the trailer to the mermaid the
most successful Chinese film ever and
currently the number two highest
grossing film of 2016
really alright alright the mermaid heist
grow a highest-grossing film of the year
or second highest-grossing film of the
year you know I'll check out your mom oh
snap rich Oh smithy
have you found a new I need strategy I'm
a mad stabby Stratton
okay stage is clear go back oh because I
got all of the the drugs oh okay yeah
that's all you need to do is get the
drugs there is gonna be a completionist
Jack sure gotta be a completely sure is
it it's almost time to stand up when did
we start the stream
where did I get that email hold on I
want to say it's almost almost time to
stand up oh yes it is it has been an
hour everyone please stop it will do you
good
if you are able to
