Arkhaming that Knight DLC (Part 1)
January 6, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhzQXAk1vUo

chat there's Batman look at that Batman
it's great oh my god we have it we have
a ton of subscribers already Jeff right
Sabre Mao em pal sorry Khan Center um
kool-aid man for 15 months in a row I
like that name
leftover beefcake 14 months in a row go
feta god feta oh I get it
god FATA 42 for 12 months in a room for
pi the magician Justin Harmon for 19
months jesus fucking christ Jebus crisp
Biff meat slab 15 months in a row Oh
John John kilo 3 junkie low 3 who who's
just blue Justin Hormann out of the
water sacrificed his own art stream
tonight to come and mod for us 20 months
in a row smelter wedge in all of us 16
months in a row where you pigeon six one
five Jedi Knights turd Jedi Knights to
Roy Jenkins madryn and nitro inferno
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do give me one
moment here I'm gonna update the stream
now that we're playing Batman
we're gonna play Batman Arkham Knight
Batman Arkham Knight how about tonight
okay how come where are you Batman
Arkham Knight is not showing up oh there
it is
never mind I'm dumb everything's fine
update and updated great a cold day in
hell well that's not showing up okay so
we have a couple new things to play here
we have a Robin story a flip of a coin
and a Catwoman story Catwoman's revenge
hey okay let's play this set after the
events of Arkham Knight play as Catwoman
as she exacts her revenge and the
Riddler that sounds like a great idea
hold on we shouldn't mess with it we
should see what Catwoman outfits we have
how many how many racecourses is the
Riddler gonna make Catwoman play oh do I
not have that downloaded oh darn
who's the Riddler and he doesn't ask her
riddles not in this game not in this
game he designs race courses cuz you
know that makes sense
oh good I do have it active the 1990s
Catwoman skin I like this a lot better
oh you're that Catwoman it's a great gal
it kind of looks like the female version
of the Eddie Murphy jumpsuit hilarious
yeah I can never know which ones purple
which ones are red okay where am i
can't-- ones revenge let's do this I
have to remember how to play a Batman
which is going to be the hardest part
because I'm in blood-borne mode which is
r1 and r2 but Batman is not that okay so
back to the Martian being an incredibly
boring movie yeah
have either of you seen speaking of
incredibly boring movies
okay have either of you seen Jurassic
world no yeah what an incredibly boring
movie it's yeah it's like you know he's
our generic action hero who's rescuing
the woman again and no stakes whatsoever
the characters are incredibly bland we
spend no time with them whatsoever
these people please none of the
characters have like realistic
motivation no there's there's this one
the the boss this time it's not Hammond
anymore the boss this time has this big
spiel about how like money doesn't
matter and he was put in charge of the
park because Hammond wanted the
customers to have a good time spare no
expense and then the very next scene
he's talking about not killing the
indominus rex because it cost so much
money to make it makes no sense and like
the original one i mean the original one
it's like the saving grace was like all
they used majestic awesome round of
sources munch of leaves I'm hanging out
yeah there's like no dinosaurs I would
say that there's no dinosaurs that are
likable but if carry human characters
are so bland that you're rooting for the
dinosaurs to eat them anyway
yeah I've forgotten how to crouch but I
am looking forward to playing the Lego
versions like Lego Lego dinosaurs
running around turning into blocks and
stuff like I'm a huge fan of the Lego uh
the Lego games shit shit
yeah enough that you just got dented
well that happens I've forgotten how to
play Batman you're gonna have to catch
up at ash vs. Evil Dead Jack I know
anything I spent the majority of my
vacation time catching up on shit and
unfortunately I did not get around to
ash versus the Evil Dead okay but like I
saw Jurassic world and was incredibly
bored and I saw the Martian and was
incredibly bored
Oh anodite again you're doing great I
feel like I'm doing great is there a
ceiling vent you can go through instead
maybe I oughta give that a try and don't
forget magic vision because everyone has
that in these games not just bad I did
like that I did like like there was
parts of Jurassic world that I really
liked that they were wondering about
like the petting zoo in in Jurassic
world there's like that little petting
zoo section where the kids are riding
the baby Triceratops that's like that's
adorable and those those ball car things
that they are going through I mean Oh
like they would be a whole lot of fun
didn't like one of those wildlife parks
in Africa where they've got the Lions
and oh they had some really fun ideas
but I also it's it's a minor quibble but
did did female secondary character have
to run around in high heels the entire
movie really I think she took him off
you're not happy with any female
portrayal in the morning you're not
you're not mad max the movie that had
all the MRA people like up in arms
because there was a prominent female in
the movie you didn't like it
you're like crazy about the movie for a
lot of reasons what I know I'm the only
person on earth who doesn't like it you
didn't like Mad Max I didn't you are a
crazy individual I know movie of the
year I know me of the year very
well-regarded by lot of people I'm just
maybe not one of them you're an insane
person I'm a strong person who is
willing to disagree with the crowd yeah
oh oh you know what I kept I can't let
him I can't let him see me that's that's
what's going on here someone in the chat
is saying Road Warriors better that's a
fine argument to make sure sure but fury
road is still fucking great road warrior
did not come out this year that's also
true so so that's why I feel it's my
fury road winds movie of the year
fury road is more stylized
road warriors more bleak and gritty
oh you're just putting like tracers on
them or something no I'm picking their
pockets oh that's neat
so like see this guy here he's got that
like glowing thing on them okay I don't
like the chance fine if you're not
liking for your road they're saying
they're saying you're not the one for me
anymore you know I'm gonna have to agree
with the chat bear our relationship has
weathered many disagreements but can we
weather fury road I don't know that's a
big one that's a big one I had a friend
once who broke up with his girlfriend
because she didn't find airplane funny
he didn't she didn't find an airplane
funny no I do find airplane funny surely
you can't be serious
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
exactly oh wow okay actually last night
rich and I watched for the time frame
Roger Rabbit sure that is absolutely a
favorite that's that's my sense of humor
right there Looney Tunes Looney Tunes
yes do do do do do yeah it may contain
Disney characters but it's definitely a
Looney Tunes movie in terms of its style
it's more like a like a Chuck Jones Tex
Avery kind of a movie
karen was thinking that Roger Rabbit
doesn't get enough love that it's kind
of forgotten and I don't know about that
just cuz they haven't made a ton of
sequels I don't think that means that
the public doesn't love the movie Who
Framed Roger Rabbit yeah that's a that's
a classic as a beloved classic but you
would not agree as me that it's
forgotten
yeah oh no I don't think he's forgotten
I feel like I said I think it's a
classic and regarded as such I mean I'm
shocked I'm shocked they got Disney and
Warner Brothers basically everyone else
to collaborate the first place let alone
to get him to do it again for a sequel
what may hard movies make sequel -
that's what I'm saying cuz they got you
know it's gotta be extremely difficult
and there needs to be like teams of
lawyers to get Mickey Mouse and Bugs
Bunny in the same yes oh I get it I I
you know what I heard that as if you
were saying they also made a secret oh
no no no no what you're I'm trying to
figure out how to get downstairs without
being seen
most ways you could distract people
right I don't know it's been a while
it's been a while since I played son yep
dammit dammit it's been a while since I
played Batman you probably have to cause
a distraction okay or find a vent or
something right
I don't think Catwoman's a Venter I
think she's a sealing her yep now there
was not a sequel to Roger Rabbit but
they talked about it
no I don't know they've talked about it
in a while I don't think it's ever gonna
happen they'll pump you attempted a
reboot at some point I'm sure but you
think have you a hard one to do for the
aforementioned reasons but then Askins
is dead well no they don't care about
that for the legal reasons of getting
these characters together again working
on a contract from gets one
do-do-do-do-do Warner's was smart they'd
want to get the Looney Tunes more
exposure there used to be a TV all the
time they they have a new show but the
classic card it's not the classic
cartoons though there's a generations of
kids that haven't seen the classic Bugs
Bunny shorts or the roadrunner and
coyote
no but Bugs Bunny has a new show cap
wabbit is what it's called it's just
called wabbit wabbit it's very a very
strange name but she actually moves
faster when she's crawling shit damn it
yeah weapon I haven't seen it I've only
seen ads for it while watching other
children's programming but can you not
do stealth takedowns no you cannot do
stealth takedowns I tried I tried doing
a stealth takedown and it did not give
me the option to do one
I just need to steal these three things
from people this guy got one I think she
makes no noise whether she's crouched or
not that's her advantage Wow
why have they not rebooted The Goonies I
thought that would have been the most
obvious yeah goodies is all right
Goonies is a good movie but it's still
overrated it's good but it's not no it
shouldn't be the classic that it's
considered it's not one of the best
movies of the 80s there's a lot of
competition oh yeah I mean oh wait wait
so first we're messing with fury road
now we're messing with The Goonies yeah
it's fine weird we're having words after
this trip Goonies is great
Goonies was all right but I think a lot
of a lot of the appeal is like that
though the wish fulfillment fantasy of
having an adventure when you're a little
kid so I think it was a movie that was
great when I was a kid uh-huh I wish I
could go do this but I wasn't dealt it's
like and I still think it has plenty of
whimsy as an adult but I mean of course
it has that wish fulfillment that was
the point I just wonder if it has a lot
else it was a movie for children
and I've seen I thought a few years ago
with an adult and it just wasn't the
same
yeah 80s was a great decade for movies
the eighties was like the best decade
for movies maybe I'm biased but I'm
gonna say 80s was the best decade for
movies
oh she can go in the ceiling up here too
there was a dollar movie theater the
next town over from me so I saw a lot of
movies of the 80s well they looked at
what else came out the same year Who
Framed Roger Rabbit didn't like every
one of those movies it was great yeah
Quentin Tarantino says 80s was the worst
he doesn't like anything that wasn't
made in the 70s for 50 bucks Tarantino
has a very specific style yeah that he
enjoys
Oh
do-do-do-do-do
a part of my catching up on stuff
extravaganza and the chat may or may not
like this conversation that's about to
happen is I finally got around to
watching one punch man yeah have you
heard of this one punch man karen is not
no it is it's an it's one of those
animes that uh features a superhero who
can defeat anyone with one punch
and so he's often very bored with his
life because he's way too powerful so
this is like a half half hour yeah it's
like a half hour show and at first I
didn't want to really watch it because
like it felt very like it felt very
egotistical to me of this just like
being the creators avatar you know like
oh he's so powerful and he's just so
bored he's the greatest but he's so
bored it's like oh I don't really care
about that and then the show got good
for a little bit there was this really
nice middle zone where it just showed
how like genuinely good of a character
he was even though he was way more
powerful he had concern for ever for
others and then it just piddled out at
the end like most animes do and it's
like yeah I guess that's done I guess
nothing really changes and everything's
stupid I I hated I really hated the
ending of it there was it like two or
three good episodes in there it was like
Trigon rich and I really liked the first
few episodes dragon yeah well you know
Trigon is the same thing right it where
it's like gas itself Vash the Stampede
is like is like the best shooter ever
and he's super powerful and strong but
at least you know he's like oh I don't
want to kill anyone that's his schtick
right yeah and then so it's like a
really great premise a couple good meaty
episodes and then just pedal pedal pedal
well he gets he gets so serious he's
this you know tortured soul alien it's
much more fun when he's this goofball
who's running around screaming
pretending to be incompetent yes
I guess the Scion takedown option so now
we know it's just beat everybody upload
now it's beat everybody have on or at
least that's what I'm doing okay I don't
know if I'm supposed to be doing this I
just want to fight people oh I'm one
full beat them up I forgot how to run
can't woman doesn't run hit the X hold X
Oh hold X oh god everything's terrible
oh jeez too many yeah to me I would say
too many if they see you I just went up
it's fine it's fine
oh whoa whoa I'm up here now fail up go
Calvin go so in any case I was I was I
was really excited about that one punch
man because they had a couple like anime
in general and you know this is probably
why I'm not super into it I think I've
watched more than most but or you know
most people I know but it's like it
usually has like a really solid
interesting premise and then like a
couple good episodes and then they maybe
don't really think about the ending I
think maybe that's just a problem with
TV in general is they don't really think
about the ending what what were my
thoughts on the Last of Us oh that's
right you played The Last of Us oh god
what what was it everything you were
hoping no no and more oh no
it was like it was like the order with a
a maybe a better story but also not
terribly exciting either story
predictable yeah I think the order with
a blender II and predictable story but
at least the story that makes sense
and not nonsense whereas the order only
has bland shooting the game portions of
the last of us don't know necessarily
what kind of game it is sometimes
sometimes it's lackluster self and then
sometimes it's lackluster shooting and
that's that's that's thought I had to
say about it
okay so it was it was exactly what you
were expecting it to be playing and I'm
like okay this characters gonna die here
we're gonna get this reveal at this
point and and then those exact things
happened maybe you could make it work
if you pasted it like a movie but it's
taste like a video game with lots of
time between things that happen so it's
just like like a story with shitty
pacing is what you get yes which is the
problem with story driven video games is
they want to pay some like video games
and not like movies okay well I'm glad
to know I'm glad to know you were right
that makes me happy that you're that
your assumptions about the game were
correct
nowhere near as many like on the rail
sections as the order where you're
literally there's whole sections of the
game where you can't move the camera and
you're just looking for the next prompt
uh-huh less of that okay
this whole sections of the order or
you're just thinking why is this even
here why is this a thing where am I here
why am I here the order of gameplay is
so less inspired a yeah well it's bland
either way you slice it orders just
bland with less variety so less of us
also featured bland gameplay I would say
so yes and that's all that matters
and the story wasn't good enough to pull
you through the gameplay characters
because they were one there was there
was mr. my daughter died uh-huh and then
there was surrogate replacement daughter
oh you know he's got to take care of her
now I sort of go with that and then
there was his partner mrs. has to be
bumped off at some point so the story
can revolve her on just the guy and the
little girl sure mr. mr. happen it has
to be bumped off at some point then the
story started with his daughter
Little Miss definitely gonna have to die
else smalls
do some story elements which probably
could have been find if only they didn't
try to make a game out of it I think
we've talked about that like with with
other game makers as you know the failed
filmmakers and they want so bad to make
their story but you know but they also
know that games need to be longer than
movies I hate the great system in the
Arkham Knight uh-huh
just walk anywhere about being seen
that's what this is oh yeah no I'm just
waiting the firm to come to me and then
I'll take him down oh look another guy
buy a great oh wait there's a couple
guys buy a great I should probably wait
doo-doo-doo-doo can I get away with this
I can't believe I'm getting away with
this my knees keep appearing by these
grates that's weird right
oh shit probably get caught here shit
shit shit just get out of there oh
you're fine you're fine what are they
gonna do here they saw me go down the
Great God they ruined stealth in this
game they just ruined it I didn't do
anything well if you're dumb enough to
stay in that area when you can don't run
anywhere you would have been in trouble
but fortunately you could run anywhere
literally I have the entire run of the
floor
oh I can knock them out faster Oh
do-do-do-do-do how many guys are left
does it even matter do I care about
these guys yeah I have no idea what I'm
supposed to be doing nope that's my own
that's my only problem now is I just
think there's only two left
rich Karen and Jack what is the most
visually ugly film you have ever seen
visually ugly film think about it I
don't know you know that's an
interesting question what makes for a
visually ugly film that's what I was
thinking I'm thinking about animated
films or traditional films I'm assuming
they mean traditional but visually ugly
film hmm you know what kudos for asking
an interesting question that I have no
answer for I'm sorry because I like the
question yeah do we mean like full
revolting images or full of disagreeable
colors poorly poorly edited and sedid
like like like like an Ed Wood movie
sure well you know what you know what
I'm thinking of which is a movie that
has some like really interesting ideas
but is like really ugly because they
didn't have the budget for it did you
guys ever see equilibrium no Christian
Bale futuristic sci-fi fighter gun movie
it has some really interesting story
ideas and and like a weird combat what
are they called gun kata yeah they made
up their own martial arts which is
fighting with guns like they were swords
it's crazy but like just visually
because of the special effects in the
low budget looks very ugly but an
alright film David and Robin that's
pretty garish
garish is putting it lightly
okay all the guys are out
get out of my way wall cuz it's highly
stylized but it's very ugly
highly stylized yes and that's just
atrocious to look at is there magic
vision jack oh thank you
like maybe I was supposed to be looking
for clues or something I wait three oh I
get it
so like that's the warrior so I need to
hit the warrior third so I need to look
for a robot lab a cabin and a Griffin
okay okay great
something merry-go-round up there yeah
yeah like Batarang up there only Batman
gets the Batarang you know what I mean
you know what I may know what you mean
no I'm just telling you why you can't do
it what you want to do he's just telling
you why robot Oh where's wonder using
the keys in the case big red robot turn
right right straight oh okay
so robots number one well this is this
is a Riddler thing this is an actual
riddle yeah
ish I don't know that it's a riddle
it's a resonance it's a puzzle it's not
a it's a puzzle what's in there it's not
ish more robots
no robot more robots a space puzzles
kind of like a visual riddle or
something okay
let's see what we got here so what do
you want about her you're playing your
bubble pop game you're you're playing a
different game while we're playing a
game exactly what she's doing she does
not give no fucks about the back sorry
about what I'm playing dodo pop which is
a fun little Android game where you
you just mindlessly click on colors no
this is not true it's a puzzle game
where you're trying to break open the
right number of colored gumballs and
stuff oh oh and I've got it on the the
Amazon underground thing so I get like
free power-ups and stuff that don't have
to pay real money for because I'm not
gonna pay real money to play dodo about
it I'm gonna take that tablet away is
what I'm gonna do
uh-huh I'm just gonna take it away robot
I've been looking up now and then and
watching Jack crawling around in his
purple jumpsuit and saying nothing which
helps nobody oh I'm very little to add
you guys are talking about games that
I've never played what kind of movie or
game would you like to talk about or a
book
opera and have you guys been watching
the expanse what's that sci-fi show I
haven't seen a sci-fi show what sum up
speak is speaking of visually ugly it's
it's it's based off of us book series
which apparently is very good and it's
about a future Earth and Mars and a
there it's future Earth and Mars we've
colonized Mars at this point there's a
whole Mars civilization there's an earth
civilization and there is an asteroid
belt civilization that is mining
resources for both Earth and Mars and
there they're living between Mars and
Jupiter sorbets exactly okay and and
just kind of you know politics Game of
Thrones in space very much that and it's
it's something that they don't have a
lot of budget for special effects they
don't have a lot of budget for good
actors but the story is so good that you
keep on watching even though like the
acting is kind of bad the special
effects are kind of cheesy
it's like the story it's really good I
mean it's based on a novel yeah or a
series of books it's based on one of
those things where you read words in a
series of books that's never going to be
finished thereby screwing the people
making the show well the makers of the
show knew what they were getting into
that george RR martin he doesn't give no
fucks Game of Thrones I've never watched
I know it's based on a series of books a
Song of Fire and Ice
they are the series of books that aren't
done okay and the show has now caught up
to the books yeah that's a problem
what the fuck did they do well they
could ask George or George RR mount
Martin what he wants him to do I guess
mm-hmm don't you give a little isn't he
giving them like a synopsis isn't that
what's happened or am I wrong about that
I don't know I've heard good things
about Game of Thrones I haven't watched
it I really even though I've got Netflix
and stuff I really don't watch I don't
think it's a lot of ways I watched you
know some YouTube videos and I mess
around on Facebook and I read both I
don't watch a lot of whole episodes of
anything at this at this point the
Internet has ruined my attention span
I'm sitting there watching a half-hour
or something I don't even really do that
that much sure although lately what I've
been watching is have you seen the man
in the high castle oh yeah yeah I really
like that the promise of that is what if
the axis had won in the Second World War
these people are living in a and in
America the the east coast of which is
is run by the Nazis the west coast of
which is run by the Japanese Empire
under the descendants of Hirohito I
guess and then there's a neutral zone in
the like Rocky Mountain States area
maybe even plane states like Illinois
I'm not entirely sure the exact
boundaries of the neutral zone hey
somewhere in there anything that they
have happening in the neutral zones
seems to be happening in like Colorado
or something but he has very fun show
Castle a very grim show yes it is a it
is a world where civil liberties are
more or less non-existent and sounds
Pleasant berries sounds like something I
want to avoid well what would you want
to watch that makes you has all that
feel-good happy feeling I don't know Oh
Star Trek Star Trek - I've never heard
of Star Trek that's the thing with the
theater who's the the entreprise and and
Kirk have you have you seen transparent
at all do you know anything about that
oh that's Jeffrey Tambor right there's a
dad from Arrested Development Jeffery
baby I I don't want to say yes because
I'm not sure it's it's a man who has a
very masculine face I mean I'm sure they
picked him on purpose for that and he's
got an ex-wife and and three children I
believe and he comes out as transsexual
and and it's just mostly about him but
it's also about his family and his his
children's lives as they intersect with
with this coming out but also they've
got their own issues and it's about the
whole family and every different
person's different issues I've heard
I've heard I have not seen it I have
heard good things it's really good that
Jeffrey Tambor is great yeah it's like
an Amazon exclusive I think but I think
you can pay for episodes individually if
you don't have Amazon Prime
Oh Lord I know the problem is there is
so much stuff to want so much content
yeah and not just up to watch but games
to play and internet to surf I mean I
was talking to rich I was like when I
was a kid you had in the wintertime you
know my parents didn't really want me
out after dark you go to school me when
I was a kid you know it's like you get
out of school and the Sun sets an hour
later who knew annoying and Northern
Illinois and just as bad up here and so
I mean your options
what do you could you do you can either
draw you know I mean I didn't have any
siblings in the house with me so you can
either like draw or you know do
something crafty or you can watch TV we
didn't have any video games I didn't
have any video games some people had
video games so it was like yeah the cool
kids have video games but it's like
either either watch TV or you read a
book or you like make something that
those were the absent so now there's
like options up the wazoo oh yeah yeah
yeah we end up washing shit like
monumental mysteries
together mysteries is great because it's
so eclectic it's just it's showing the
Travel Channel or that yeah I just
talking about shit that happened while
ago no I'll show like a while ago this
giant pyramid and they're like okay well
here's the story about the pyramid it's
like apparently dedicated to these guys
who funded the Pacific after it kind of
went under they tried to pick up funding
for the WA for the Pacific leg of the
Transcontinental Railroad and they screw
their workers out of everything that got
kicked out in Congress and ran off and
disappeared but there's this pyramid
that's dedicated to the huh basically
it's on the Travel Channel so they had
to find a way to tie it to travel and
they just want to talk about whatever
yeah and you can travel here mostly it's
interesting buildings that have strange
backstories like there's one where the
there's this castle called the mr.
Castle I forget what's actly where it is
but this is a mystery it's mystery
where and this girl static it was a
family and the father you know was very
close with the family and then he goes
and he disappears and I guess after the
fact they find out that he was dying of
tuberculosis and he didn't want to give
it to his family but he was always
talking to his reading princess stories
and and building little fake castles
with his daughter as she was growing up
so he went off you know apparently
didn't die right away of tuberculosis
and he went off and out of garbage and
salvaged and all kinds of weird stuff he
built her a castle oh and then you know
after he died she found out about this I
guess she's still living there or
something in the garbage castle you know
we're not necessarily made out of life
you know rotting macaroni sure like
salvaged parts
oh no game audio just an occasional
burst of static from which well I mean
the when I hit the robots it kind of
sounds like static that's true it could
just be that the audio from your
explosion noises on the TV is not coming
through very well that sounds like our
audio is bad hearing a lot of complaints
okay turn turn the game down on your
Mike's audio issues when you want to do
static static yeah can we be getting
interference or something no oh yeah
it's going on right now cellphone by my
speakers static do you think my tablets
sitting here could be a factor oh if you
have it if you're if you are like hooked
up to the internet perhaps I am let me
have let me try unlikely I mean I guess
usually that's the only thing that's
unusual in this setup is usually we
don't have know sometimes I have like my
iPad you wouldn't happen to have like
cell service on it would you you know my
cell phone is over there where's your
cell phone it's in my purse it's over
there under the Mike thing won't you
move your purse
to take my purse containing my cell
phone in my tablet and put them in
another room
okay just seems to have stopped right
now sure it has Karen's wearing a wire
Karen secretly recording us recording
yeah this live it's a bootleg copy they
fit a lot of stream it off the Internet
Karen and Karen said doing a black
market stream of our street she's doing
a camp version of the Stevie yeah
shaky though still no game audio though
any audio is pretty quiet you really
need to hear punch punch kick punch I
mean really is that a yeah it's just
like clanging metal the game doesn't
really have any music or anything
interesting it's just the sound of I
thought you Catwoman kickin metal
monster people mm like is that we is
that I'm trying to remember the rest of
Arkham Knight or Arkham Asylum I didn't
the rest of the game have you know these
things usually have like traumatic audio
you would assume it's just in deal say
they throw together for 50 bucks yeah
this is this is part of the season pass
but yeah audio wise you're not really
missing much but if you want the basic
effect just uh take a microphone you
keep running into the electric put it in
your silverware drawer and then just
start start moving and jiggling your
silverware and you'll get about the
right noise I think I need to use my
whip I think anything use my whip more
after taking all of these robots
Catwoman's feet should be mushed by now
yes whatever shoes made of something
that lots of grab onto great obviously
does she have high heels yeah oh yeah
I'm sure he does the other outfit have
high heels
Catwoman always has I yell so I've never
seen her without I use I'm almost
certain in this modern day and age
there's probably been in versions of
Catwoman without high heels
the woman has had too many outfits at
this point I'd I would I would agree
with Karen that high heels are Catwoman
staple I'm sure there there exists
outfits without high heels but I'm gonna
say the only thing that's staple our
ears then again the The Dark Knight Oh
does that even count I would bet however
many costumes she's got upwards of 95%
of them feature high heels oh yeah and
ears and ears not just high heels or
ears high heels and ears oh I like the
scows statements this is this is the far
superior costume I really dislike her
her like more realistic costume that I'm
sucking yeah with the with the red eye
things the red goggles the entire I'm
gonna take oh yeah I do I'm sucking no
this guy washes shirt once in a while no
that's his shtick he's uh he's uh he's
uh what do you call one of those things
jerk he's one of those things
renji jerks he's one of those things hey
rich yeah did you hear about the
Platinum Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
game no are these platinum Turtles
they're no items company Platinum is a
company that makes very fun brawler's
and they have not officially announced
it yet
but they're keeps
being Leakes apparently Xbox just leaked
all of the achievements for the game
that has not been officially announced
yet what platforms don't know
unknown Xbox for sure I'm the only one
that likes that last TMNT game they made
that everyone else hates yeah out of the
shadows yeah yeah the art looks if there
were some leaked art a while ago and
that looks yeah what style I think all
with cartoon I'm a comic book
it looks Oh like the classic black and
white not the classic black and white
but they that's what like a cel shading
it looks like classic black and white
but colored in you know I'm done with
that if it was okay here's the thing
with me if it would look like the 80s
cartoon yeah I would have been horribly
disappointed know what my name yeah but
if the goal with Eastman and Laird style
fuck yeah it looks good it actually
looks surprisingly a lot like did you
have you read at all Batman and TMNT
pretty well Bernie Williams pretty
really I haven't read it because I have
a comic book story but looks very good
it is by the way issue number one is
really fun it's a very fun read and I
really like how he draws the turtles and
the Platinum game looks a lot like his
style which which is what I'm excited
about
did relocating that stuff helped the
static at all don't know what are they
saying I'm asking them and you know it's
really hard to say there's gotta be a
key to not getting and if they're saying
that it didn't then I'm gonna look up
that game so you guys can see what the
graphics look like but if that was the
fix to the static that I'm gonna leave
my electronics in the other room I
haven't heard any sense
yeah I think you static since so that
probably is the problem if they go
Eastman and Laird style day one purchase
thank you guys and girls yeah they say
no more static cool great so yeah use
your tablet so there's gotta be more to
this why why does the electric keep
showing up it's when it's when they go
on those green glowy squares
I mean how do I keep the green glowy
square squares from coming about Oh ever
news from Ikea it was definitely less
than 18 inches from the mic is it a
matter of beating these guys fast off I
have like just that 9 yeah that's what I
did on the last level and I just kept
punching them and that seemed to work
speakers mic everything was within a few
feet of each other yes we are using XLR
cables we're using XLR into my zoom h6
we haven't talked about that yet because
rich and I universally don't give a fuck
about virtual reality but rich did you
see that they've announced the oculus
pricing No $600 oh yeah I don't care
about anything that's $600 and and I
wouldn't care if they said it was a
hundred bucks cuz I don't care about
virtual reality no I think it's a neat
concept I'd like to try it yeah and if I
liked it if it was 600 bucks they'd wait
a few years if I could you get her
pre-harvest for like a hundred yeah I'm
a patient person there are things that
are on my shopping list to get when they
go down Jerry
I want a Nintendo 3ds XL and we're not
hearing tips somebody says we ignored
their tip Jackie detectives last tip I
have is is the one that called me AIDS
movie okay that's the last one I have I
don't know if it's different on yours
but could that be set up weird with the
32-bit version of OBS we had to use to
stream the elgato no because uh we heard
we heard that one moby looks like AIDS
movie I mean here I was gonna say I
bought him fat the movie I'm bigger than
Moby yeah hello I've restarted our they
started calling Jack that though right
after Jack lost enough weight so he just
saw it as a compliment Oh exactly well
and you know those first couple best the
worst I was still wearing like shirts
that were a little too big for me and so
like I guess I looked skinnier oh yeah
you know what you guys are right we have
been
tips and I'm very sorry about that Joe
kitty 0:01 says hey there guys here's
somebody to fix that crackly Mike get on
it thanks for this dream sorry about
that sounds up in here sounds like the
problem from what people were saying and
based on what was happening was that I
was holding a tablet in my mouth
probably about your mouth no no in my
laughs excuse me one dog no wrong word
but I was holding a tablet about about
about six inches from the from the
microphone and that was probably the
problem just this guy you know says hey
Jack
rich Karen welcome back oh not a bit of
rich and Karen the other day always fun
anyways don't let me interrupt you too
much please go back to talking about TV
shows I thank you just this guy you know
and Tiberius Kirk says 2016 is Star
Trek's
50th anniversary Wow and to celebrate
tomorrow on the holodeck I've set up
space seed Wrath of Khan cubing Khan
that's something not to be missed oh
that's great Tiberius 50th anniversary
of Star Trek that's crazy so yeah you
just crazy fight that's what this is
you just can't punch those guys you got
a cartwheel around them and wait for
them to stop glowing do you ever think
that there will be a well-received
popular universally loved TV reboot
again of Star Trek yes anything's
possible I mean there are links some TV
reboots but only only the original and
next-gen have been universally beloved
oh mercy yes agreed
um anything's possible any and I say
even this is probable a good Star Trek
show ah you know it all depends on who
picks it up yeah if it's something like
wow rich that was the closest one yet if
it's something like sci-fi channel maybe
if they're okay with shorter runs you
know like a 12 episode season
which is very popular nowadays then they
can dedicate a decent amount of budget
Netflix could pick it up Netflix does
great work amazon has buckets of venture
capital being thrown up exactly there
there it all depends on what net if they
get picked up by too big of a network
they're gonna get screwed over because
then there's gonna be too many people
trying to dip their fingers in the
cookie jar yeah you find some people who
really like Trek and you know give them
a little bit of freedom it's it's
possible and probable but it's always a
crapshoot for Netflix I mean that would
be a great it's gonna be a great
enticement for people to subscribe to
mattify there's gonna be another show
it's gonna be on CBS's streaming site
though it's not gonna be a TV one then
new truck show they're gonna break it's
gonna be on CBS streaming yeah I do
fucking CBS streaming I don't fucking
know but it's gonna be on I don't care
if it's on TV or not that doesn't matter
to me I've got an internet access right
right I mean I know matters to some
people but personally I'm not worried
about that what I'm worried and and I'm
not even worried about you know I'm
willing to spend a nominal fee to watch
at commercial-free what I'm not willing
to do is to watch it I don't know even
with Star Trek if I would be willing to
watch it where every five minutes is
interrupted by five minutes of the same
three commercials which is how the
internet tends to work and that's
exasperated Slyke commercials are bad
enough but when you see the same
commercial over and over again that's
what they do on do you watch Hulu a
little bit not too much that's what they
do on Hulu even if you're a subscriber
you pay the monthly fee you get the same
use doomed
you get commercials and it's the same
three commercials for every single
episode and it is annoying as shit and
usually their commercials for Hulu ok
CBS all access is a $6 a month online
only yep
but what about commercials for six
dollars a month Republican commercials
I'm spending six dollars a month for one
channel I better not get commercials oh
you'll get commercials no commercials
probably what 15 a month thank God
gobble do this race doesn't have any
commercials and it's not 15 rich today's
gobbledygook birthday birthday
gobbledygook
gobbledygook sent us a tip to say my
lazy college kids want oculus to watch
TV while they're lying down it's also my
birthday and I wish for a TMNT
turn-based RPG where I make my own
heroes and DC online for the ps4 is for
you folks why would you want a
turn-based TMNT where you make your own
heroes because you know what you want to
play as the turtles it could be fun to
make your own mutant no good then you're
not playing a turtles game it's like
something else as long as it's an option
and that there are preset so you can
play adding things is never a bad thing
as long as you you know they have preset
options you have a turtle game right and
you go you go through the turtle game
once and then you can put you can make
your own mutant no interest no interest
at all rich you are a jaded old man
that's like some kind of like like DC
massively multiplayer thing where you
couldn't play as Batman that just sounds
terrible
that's the DC count mine that is oh
really
to the oculus lying-down thing you know
there's there there's a technology that
you can buy for probably about 10 bucks
or maybe a little bit less that you can
get that helps you watch TV laying down
a pillow let's go
don't they already have that like isn't
it called like the Google cardboard yeah
we could market the oculus nap okay
it'll be like a pillow it'll only be 475
mm no you'll have the oculus rule
machine you'll close your eyes and it'll
project different colors on your eyelids
and you'll either tell people that it
that it improves
their mystical waves or that it resets
their melatonin or something but that
it's medicinal
you just yeah you just went somewhere
entirely different with that you took
that bit you just went on this no I
liked it so we'll get one of those like
massage chair pillows you know like like
the pillows that has the face cut out of
it right so you can lie down on your
stomach and then we'll we'll mount a
screen yeah
with you know an HDMI in and it'll be
it'll be the oculus nap yeah and it'll
be great rich and we'll sell it for two
hundred and forty nine dollars and
ninety nine cents oh I was thinking one
thousand nine hundred ninety nine
dollars and ninety nine and nine ten
cents all I can say we'll sell it for
slightly cheaper than the regular oculus
oh yeah no use yourself for more because
you're gonna pretend that it's meat is
medicinal oh that's right we're putting
crystals yeah we're putting holes in it
and and you rub oil on the crystals to
Center your cheese that makes the shows
funnier and there'll be some big scandal
when we try to get Medicare to cover it
you just use this and suddenly Jim
Belushi's funny yeah and suddenly Dane
Cook is a funny I think in order for
Dane Cook to be funny you have to be
from Boston I think we're me I defend
Dane cuts why I think I think his
enthusiasm makes a lot of his jokes
which aren't necessarily funny work I
think I think he has a great enthusiasm
laughs for God's sake amazed I need you
to laugh he can mix I I think there's
some funny Dane Cook someone someone
tries to refund our oculist nap with
integrated comedy Crystal's saying
listen I watched two and a Half Men and
and I didn't laugh and we say oh no
that's part of the warranty no two and a
Half Men is not covered under our comedy
warrants I officially hate this section
it's prereq going to stream XCOM to next
month
to stream the fuck out of X come to ya
know uh ritual we will exclusively
stream X come to for as long as R if the
foreseeable future
as long as rich wants to because that's
all rich is gonna want to play and if I
say hey man we should do something else
for it she's gonna say fuck you and
elbow me in the face and then we're
gonna play more XCOM - oh I'm gettin
tired of looking at these green things
so why I like to see you Lord that I
thought you know I'm not I'm not saying
that like Dane Cook is the best or even
like great stand up but you know he's
got a couple funny bits and he has a
really good performance he said he's uh
he's committed you think he enjoys him
where's I not so much I'm not saying I
would ever like buy anything of his or
listen to him for long periods but I've
heard stories of his that I found
amusing say see whenever I've watched it
it seemed like the audience's main
attraction was that he was from Boston
hi
I didn't carefully a show he did in
Boston oh sure I I saw him once
Yeah right red your parents house and he
was your father was Washington on the
cable and I find it funny
you know he doesn't he just sits there
and watch TV he doesn't care what's on
that's true falls asleep or maybe a
little though he's kind of Persian you
got to put a mirror under his balls
every no then daddy's almost terminally
mellow and I was watching I'm linking is
this supposed to be funny that somebody
I think is funny I hate this fight Jack
you should hate this fight it's terrible
and tedious just re-watch the shark fear
says just re-watched the Pokemon stream
rich was on fucking point that night
speaking of rich did you see the
upcoming Rick and Morty Pokemon clone no
you get to train your Morty's you get to
build up your Morty's to fight other
Morty's I know you are a fan of the Rick
and Morty's and a huge pokemon fans what
was that weird professor guy and and a
kid yeah which one's work and which ones
Morty Rick is the older one and Morty is
the kid Rick is the scientist oh I can't
use any moves because she'll just
without my being able to control it
she'll jump into the electric yep
this sucks Joe I did a powder and she
countered into the electric light and
that fun I'm sorry maybe we have to
watch this again
yep I was that brave learn the question
marks yep yeah it was fine yeah I've
kind of gotten used to the Gotham
version of the Riddler jump into the
electric I don't think you can do that
yeah this is this is pretty lame DLC so
far the Catwoman DLC has lived up to the
lame DLC that we have all grown to hate
is there some kind of puzzle thing I'm
missing I think you're just supposed to
fight harder and stronger like you're
not supposed to jump on in particular
black six times or usually something
Riddler ish you just can't fight the
ones that are glowing green well you
can't fight because so I did the move
and she jumped into the electric yeah
cuz she auto target some guy right that
goes into the electric oh you know what
we haven't streamed n plus plus yet I
really enjoyed n plus did you guys ever
play n plus I know and any idea what it
is a really great platformer like very
minimalistic like you play us like a
ninja it's a just a platformer it's
amazing so n for ninja and for a ninja
and this is called the n plus and they
recently came out with a sequel n plus
plus that's a game that I would really
enjoy I really liked n plus
that's gotta be confusing you go to the
store and you're like oh yeah we've got
in plus but you've got n plus plus oh
yeah here it is no that's n plus I want
n plus plus do you have n plus plus the
DLC yeah but that's all right no one
goes to stores anymore the only winning
move is not to play this DLC you all
right
Jedi Knights droid Gingka oh she won the
electric again we'd win this room do you
get to go somewhere else
yes or there's another level of this
please not we're not quite freewheeling
Pope we're not quite ready to move on to
another game yet we want to see if we
can beat this then rich is pretty good
at this guy's yeah is is the Rapunzel
element we're missing it's possible cuz
we're not really listening to this game
we're not really paying attention
they're listening right so it is quite
possible Sean sent us a tip to say I
predict a lot of news stories about the
scourge of motion sickness with the
newfangled video game thing on local
news station after the oculus is
released yes suddenly a good call yes it
will be a real thing and they'll make it
sound like it's a medical malpractice
make your child go blind
watch it ten oh fuck that I hate this so
much
no and like I said I just I just don't
think I don't think that it's there yet
with there's no there's no
force-feedback there's no tactile
feedback it's just a headset I don't
think playing a game with a controller
and that headset is going to make that
big of a difference no I mean you could
have force-feedback dual analog whatever
you know Oh Jackie vibration troll yeah
he wouldn't really have much for the
rest of your bag right and so it's just
like I don't think that
the gaming experience that people are
expecting with virtual reality is going
to be there yet and no you know not
saying it won't be one day I'm just
being a grumpy old man because I just
don't care about VR oh someone has a
good try detective vision kind of sounds
like it would be like I'm the max she
doesn't have it yeah it's up on the oh I
thought it was one of them maybe I was
many of us one of the old or I mean max
is something they have I mean they have
like a flat version sort of too but like
at some of the some of the museum's
they've got like a dome-shaped viewing
screen and you sit there and it kind of
surrounds you and then those show like
nature stuff like the underwater stuff
and whatnot it feels like you're moving
and I think that's probably about what
this would be but your chairs are moving
like no but your eyes if you're if your
eyes tell you you're moving you think
you're moving yeah I was in a funhouse
and they it was a tube and they
projected around it around the tube
these colored lights that were moving
yeah and you're like hold if you don't
close your eyes you have to like hold
onto the handrails cuz your body says
this room is still thick and you can't
walk straight sure that's fun so your
body does believe your eyes on that
stuff but as far as the other senses I
mean so you could get the sense of of
motion and vertigo and stuff like that
out of one of those but yeah it can't do
hot or cold right like you give me some
newfangled controls that maybe give me
some feedback then maybe I'm into but
like I said I don't like the idea of
scrapping something to my face I don't
like 3d movies I don't like anything
that required cuz I have to live with
glasses anyway I know it's uncomfortable
to strap things to your face I don't
want to do that more in in 3d movies
like they're fun for a few minutes but
they always give me a headache
yeah while no and I've heard like there
is a huge problem with motion sickness
and the oculus with all of the like
developer versions that have been out in
all of the testimonials there is a big
problem with motion I don't
doubt it I have problems with motion
sickness with some sorts of absolutely
absolutely not with actual you know
getting sick but with but starting to
feel not great oh yeah no I have the
same I have the same problem with uh
with some first-person games
if the framerate isn't right if
something's a little bit off I feel the
exact same way and yeah I think it could
be really fun with horror Tyrannosaurus
Rex tyranny source Rex says it could be
really good with horror and it could be
lots of genre I love yeah well it's you
know that's not a that's not a huge
genre is this going to be I and you know
wait and see what games come out for it
that's always the thing right don't buy
the system by the games do you remember
all the people in Columbine happen and
everybody who's blaming doom they're
gonna be doing this with that oh this is
so realistic these people are trading to
be killers again I guess training to be
killers they don't even though of that
generation please fight me a young man
who didn't play Doom I didn't play a new
no no and you and out of all of them you
were the serial killer
how did you know because of the bodies
so it's like they were they people play
doom did it congratulations Micah what's
the day please kill me
so you want that and see that's the
that's the question freewheeling Pope is
what will be the killer app for virtual
a virtual reality headset what will be
the selling game the selling app and I
don't know I'll go to the bargain bin
and play the the coral reef game where
you just float her out and look at the
it'll be a porn game
it'll be porn that's exactly what it'll
be well you know I mean I'm sure you
could but now the major the major
manufacturers aren't going to release
the kind of peripherals
but I'm thinking oh but you know I'm
sure it wouldn't be too hard to have a
Ono alliance with the USB cord in the
light saber game I want to say so oh
yeah lights we know for a very good
reason okay sword fights right yeah what
happens beneath it what happens when you
hit another sword in a sword fight you
you stop you stop yes what happens when
you're swinging the sword and there's
nothing to hear you're gonna have to
like pretend to stop me terribly could
at least have like vibration feedback
when you're supposed to leave it yes
it's not the same it's not the same so
we we got a tip from most likely a bot
just wanted to say thank Jack and rich
for the work of putting the stream
together special thanks to rich and
Karen for the solo streams over the
Christmas break yes thank you so much
for for streaming while I was out I know
everyone appreciated it and I heard you
had a lot of fun and a lot of explosions
we did and it was it was kind of a
spur-of-the-moment thing because rich
rich had family up and we were watching
the Star Trek movie mm-hmm and which
we're still not gonna spoiler but the
Star Wars more about and spoiler who
cares territory we give a warning well
we can talk about it later in the stream
oh god Star Wars I still think probably
some people have not had a chance to see
it yet so we'll give a warning before we
go into full Star Wars crazy talk
I do actually want to talk about Star
Wars as I finally am catching up with
the max landis craziness and a couple
things I want to mention
but anyway so riches guests left other
than me
his family left and we didn't know
exactly when they would be all those
it's showing we would see oh oh that was
it that was it which is like I stole his
money and with the computer how does it
does it you don't fight the Riddler
goddamn this DLC sucks
uh every single bit of this DLC sucks
mr. bugs they're charging 50 bucks for
this auger for all of these extra things
all of them together plus plus race
courses more race courses Wow yeah so
which is like how do you feel about
doing a stream today and I'm like okay
well let's go and I'm like okay when
Sunday there was kind of a family day
for me it was my Christmas dad there's
my dad and sisters yeah Star Wars I know
what time my dad and sister we're gonna
wanna go home if they wanted to stay
till 10:00 I wasn't going to kick them
out saying I had the stream and it just
so happens they left at 8 o'clock and
I'm like if we leave no we could do a
stream here she asked me like how do you
feel about doing a stream and I'm like
okay well let me do this and this and
this he's like Kent your time you're
welcome
the real V on no thanks for saying I'm
awesome yep did you air your grievances
which grievances what Festivus oh did
you know did you have your feats of
strength he snores that's a feat of
string
yeah I do do we want to give it throw up
the spoiler warning
