XCOM on my face (part 3)
February 7, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JtiSScX78Y

okay we're back
maybe yeah we're back why not I'll just
say it oh that's him crash too I think
yeah everything are you streaming again
we are streaming oh I see that we're
streaming again apparently both OBS and
XCOM crash they were one probably caused
the other I would think they were locked
in an embrace and fell into a lover's
quarrel and they decided to end both of
their lives rather than until we
forcibly put them back together yeah
against their will you're gonna kiss now
you're gonna kiss no I think this
analogy is terrifying yes I did not
think it through I did not think sudden
times good yeah it's fine everything's
fine we're back
XCOM look at him ex corn ex corn
I have not seen
it I always used to get it confused with
uh is it the entity that also sounds
like a movie you know a lot about the
ending well yeah well Barbara Hershey
that's the movie where Barbara Hershey
gets repeatedly raped by a ghost oh my
god and for some reason I always got it
confused with demon seed and maybe the
covers were somewhere or something no no
that says horrible it is I watched it
once like like 15 years ago just because
someone told me the premise was like
that sounds fucked up no yeah and it's
like cuz what can you do right it's a
ghost
that's a scary premise I don't remember
if the movies any good I'd have to
re-watch it but I think it was I mean
that's premise is terrifying
yeah yeah though it's
a ghost rapist that is terrifying the
best okay list oh that's a whole
different kind of terrifying
Lloyd meets Jay have you seen John dies
at the end
cuz it's great you know I haven't seen
it yet it's all I've been meaning to get
around to yeah i like Don Coscarelli I
think the guy who wrote the book follows
me on Twitter cuz it's based on a book
oh do we have to protect something the
guy wrote John dies at the end might be
a fan of red letter media I'm not sure
but no I have not seen okay it's on
Netflix it is on Netflix it's been on
there for a while so one of these days
I'll get around to it there's too many
movies there's a problem there's a lot
of movies there's at least a couple
dozen movies that have been made like in
the past year or so just in general sure
there's been like there's been like like
tens of movies Oh at least thirty yeah
but I don't know I don't know much about
you know how they make the movies though
guts going nuts we usually only read
comments if you donate two dollars or
more and I'm very sorry yes keep people
from spamming me the chance so we
constantly hear oh my god and we see how
well that worked
yep or if they're just trying to troll
you well and if they want to pay two
dollars to troll us they can I guess
yeah basically you still have the option
to not read whatever they wrote because
that was the birth of lol fuck my cock
is that a thing I said if you want us
yeah oh I said we're talking about why
we have the minimum I said if you want
to if you want me to say lol fuck my
cock it's gonna cost you two bucks yeah
okay Jay Bob Ennis would like to ask
question what was the biggest headache
when it came to filming space cops in
term in terms of continuity was it was
there anything that you worried about
like keep you know cuz obviously it was
filmed over a long period of time right
in keeping the story together was there
any
you were concerned with um not really
because Mike and rich wear wear the same
outfits for the entire movie so that
would be something if they were
constantly changing outfits trying to
keep track of that yeah yeah but that
made it pretty easy no I don't remember
there being any major continuity
concerns okay
mainly mainly because it was like the
same clothes through the whole thing
Thanks that's going nuts and now that
you have donated $2 I will read both of
your comments one Jack is bald this is
true 282 dollars to point out the
obvious if that's what they has to spend
their money on there there are two
dollars they can do whatever the fuck is
whatever fucking stupid thing they want
to do that's true
Jack: Uh, and his other, I guess it's a question, uh, but it's for Jay...what about Dark City?
Jay: Uh, what about it? It's a great movie.
Rich: It's an amazing movie.
Jay: That's a very, very good movie. I saw that in the theater. I was one of the five people that apparently saw it in the theater because it flopped.
Jack: Uh-huh.
Rich: Well, do you know why it flopped?
Jay: Well, it was right around the time of The Matrix...
Rich: Titanic was still in theaters, and still kicking everything's ass.
Jay: Are you, oh wait...are you sure?
Rich: I remember.
Jay: Oh, that's right. People were comparing it to The Matrix, like, in retrospect, cuz The Matrix came out a few years later.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Um, is that...oh, okay. I don't remember that.
Jack: It got, it got overshadowed, it got overcast by Titanic?
Rich: By Titanic.
Jay: Yeah, Titanic was pretty fucking big.
Jack: Yeah, Titanic was big.
Jay: I didn't see Titanic in the theater, but I saw, I saw Dark City.
I've still never seen Titanic no I'm
really happy with that it's fine I'm
waiting for the hype to die now and
that's what I did cuz I didn't see in
the theater is like I don't care yeah
and then it came on a video and my
parents bought it so we just had a copy
of that I was about to VHS tape that's
in every thrift store or not
and so I finally watched it because we
had it nothing is fine and then I sought
that one time and I've you never really
thought about it much since like I like
James Cameron yeah I did like James
Cameron but not so much anymore but I do
love like everyone now is coming up with
their own thought piece about avatar no
geez and it's one of my favorite things
where they're just like and everyone's
everyone is coming to the same
conclusion with avatar and I think you
guys have talked about this as well
which is avatar is this record-breaking
box office movie no one has beaten it
yet I don't think right and nobody talks
about it anymore nobody can remember the
movie I said that at the time this is
like a hindsight thing I said at the
time that movie is so forgettable
there's no generic it's the most
forgotten blockbuster of all time but
it's it still holds records yeah didn't
didn't force awakens' beat it finally I
don't think so still okay or at least
you know what not domestically I like
maybe internationally a force awakens
just crossed over a billion but it's
just one of those things where just it's
it's this huge movie that everybody on
the planet earth saw yeah and I had the
same reaction to it I did to Titanic or
as like it's fine yeah and then I never
thought about it again yeah I loved it
it's it's fascinating oh how wonderfully
disposable it is yeah it's a it's a it's
a McDonald's cheeseburger everybody has
one you forget about it as soon as Ian
it's great yeah I saw avatar I actually
avatar was the one movie that I saw in
3d that convinced me that 3d was
absolute bullshit here's how one
memorable it is I don't even remember if
I saw it in 3d or not and that was the
whole reason to see it of course that
was the whole thing this is be immersed
in the worlds of avatar land of Avatar
land and I cannot for the life of me
remember if I saw it in 3d or not
oh um hat 74 says knowing that rich will
one day master XCOM to it fills you with
determination no I thought I better
discuss a gas Oh
also lol fuck my cock I like lol fuck my
god yeah that's very is it all one word
yeah okay lol fuck my card you got shit
cover everywhere you fucker
I can't run anywhere to hunker down as
bullshit it's a complete utter bullshit
I wonder if people who dressed up like
the Navi and should feel ashamed now
they should yeah I'm all for people
doing you know whatever they want
whatever your interests are it's fine
but but if you dressed up like Avatar
you should be ashamed
no no shame maybe if you're like the
person who like trying to make wasn't
there a person who was like who made
like an avatar camp you can come up and
dress like a Navi and live in the nature
talking about getting caught up in the
hype and that's all that was like
because the movie wasn't anything
exceptional right it's like I remember
when Garden State came out and I was you
know that came out was I early 20s
yeah and like all my friends were in
early 20s so everybody got so caught up
and your mom this movie speaks to our
generation everybody I know is horribly
embarrassed to have liked that movie now
yeah it's everybody gets caught up in
this thing and that's the same with
Avatar but everybody was so caught up in
it where it became more about the the
hype surrounding it that sure the actual
material don't but don't you remember
day when he wore the shirt that looked
like the wall it's a fine shot but
that's all it was I have an idea for a
shot how do I work this into the movie
yep oh she made a couch out of this
material and then she used to leftover
material to make a shirt but it tell us
of the wallpaper but it's also the
wallpaper like why oh no she did make a
couch it was the wallpaper which
wallpaper is not the same material as
shirt here
then we suck symbolism don't you
understand
he feels like a Wallflower if only there
was an artistic way to show that he
feels like a Wallflower oh wait I have
an idea ah Adam Oh Tara what's an
average Monday through Friday for
YouTube / patreon creators like yourself
you don't need to be super specific just
curious if you guys have an actual work
schedule no schedule but there's usually
just shit that needs to be done yeah and
what movies are coming out what do we
want to focus on this week like all that
kind of stuff and it changes from week
to week because we don't like to get
into a boring pattern where we're just
like shorting out you know bland shit
every week yeah and I think we want to
do stuff that we could be invested in
yes I can tell you it's not Monday
through Friday 9:00 to 5:00 it's all day
every day it's always on your mind
Sunday to start material yeah you have
to do it all the time every day
oh we're all your guys on overnight oh
nice I can tell you the last couple
weeks
was just shoving things and envelopes it
was the height of really utilizing our
creativity was mindlessly shoving things
into envelopes sewing orders for space
yeah yeah it's a good problem to have
but oh sure I know I do know you sent
out the bulk of all like the bit all the
big bulk of orders are finally sent out
now yes so for anyone who's ordering and
you don't have it yet Oh shit's gone
crazy shits gone crazy hello hello from
anonymous if YouTube hadn't become a
thing and allowed you guys to reach an
audience from Milwaukee what do you
think you'd be doing with your careers
would you have all gone to LA no no
suicide just other video production it's
what we were doing before forgotten
suicide oh it was your son don't
remember what an embarrassment yeah la
la is something there are a certain
number of people that can really thrive
in LA yeah and I am NOT one of them oh
also there has to be something that you
want like yeah doesn't want to be a part
of that world no thanks it's a culture
it's it's it's own thing and some people
can do it
I think we would probably all be doing
exactly what we're doing right now all
night without a YouTube channel shirt we
were doing this before there was yep we
were all making videos and putting
pushing them out wherever we could push
them out before YouTube so we would
still be doing that thankfully there's
YouTube thankfully there's the internet
so people can watch it too Jack from
loaner art loaner our John Boehner
Archon how much money from a tip do you
have to do your fuck but voice for an
entire stream Oh God oh that would get
old after like a minute also in Michael
Caine's voice what do we do when we vote
mr. white we get up I thought you did
push-ups for this kind of thing that's
my terrible Michael Caine impression
you're welcome uh it would take a lot of
money to do fuck he would ruin my vocal
cords one oh and and two like Jay said
it would take a lot of money because
everyone would stop watching the stream
after five minutes someone else would
have to donate even more money to get
you to stop oh there we go now I like it
I mean I do my fuck my voice every once
in a while if there's a robot talking or
something you get a little bit of it
that's all you need within movement
range Sheree does you go back into cover
after watch I don't get your got your
sword no he does not go back into cover
so but if your line crosses him you will
slash and I don't know if you stop when
you slash yeah but where do you stop
like I don't want to I don't want to end
the turn out of cover right who are you
trying to slash that guy Oh see look you
have to stop there to slash him
Newman Addis rich I love you man but
goddamn goddamn what I love you man but
goddamn maybe that's how much they love
you just so much goddamn they love me so
much they're going to damn god that's a
go but goddamn I think I think that was
just like a girl goddamn well not well
not when there's a button there but
goddamn but goddamn means you fucked up
on something
like I love you blood goddamn I guess I
don't think that's what that means it
Qatar's Oh says I'm feeling sick please
tell me I'm a handsome fancy boy and
stroke my hair while I dry heave and
sweat profusely know what we basically
can't we can't do that but here's the
thing
guitars oh you are a handsome fancy boy
how do you know that's true though he
paid me money to say that so I know it's
true but it's just matter if it's true
that's what I'm saying exactly there is
no true there's no there's no true
there's only money we we said we would
say the things that people paid us to
say if they paid us money and that's
what he did so I'm the same the thing to
say I don't know this is a business
transaction I don't understand what your
problem okay I get it
how cruel to make you face
mind-controlling enemies so early in
this game I think this game I don't hate
it I think this game has an agenda -
fuck you
yeah it's that would that would that
would seem to be highly likely yeah yeah
Adam Oh Tara well we we've said we will
not talk politics animal Tara says
besides Donald Trump who do you plan on
not voting for in the 2016 presidential
election I plan on not voting for Ross
Perot mostly because I'm not voting for
Captain Crunch oh there you go rich who
are you not voting for um oh god Dave
and I gotta think of something funny I
got I got less than a second the moment
passed oh very funny
fuck no now you got you now you have to
know George Washington there we go
you're not gonna vote for George
Washington those are people we are not
voting for along with Donald Trump who's
an idiot we don't get into politics on
the show the politics get into you we
don't get into politics but that's why
it's okay to make fun of Donald Trump
because he's not a politician he's a
joke he's a crazy man he's a crazy man
HAP 78 says hey Jay did you know that
Martin core Scorsese considers the
entity one of the greatest horror films
of all time
oh really that's what we're good for him
so it's not I guess that's good to know
cuz I saw it so long ago I don't
remember it very well and I was
wondering if it's like like corniche
Locker sure but it's Scorsese approved
I'm assuming it's good you've weakened I
would like to rewatch it also what are
your thoughts on the third predator
movie predators uh you know everybody
shit on that movie when it came out I
always did the handsome man is Adrian
Brown Adrian bird is so handsome
I liked it I liked how people were
talking about I would like the story
wasn't too interesting but I liked the
simplicity of it oh my god what are you
doing Jack can't handle walking and it's
sad you just ruined the room I think
Tommy Wiseau ruined the room
oh you've been behind now you fucked up
that now everybody's donating truer
words have never been spoken
the good news is I'm kicking veteran
bones ass all right at least it's not
rookie so you can do good on the lowest
setting no no Lois just Wicky okay Lois
this wookie yes what wookie is there
anything there's nothing wrong with
another fucking woman what do you think
he was Han Solo's slave because they're
best friends bitch the best friends oh
shit okay Martin Scorsese we did that
one for Jay or anyone else I suppose
listen we're not taking off we're
digging Jays leftovers any thoughts on
the movie hackers I haven't seen it
since it premiered on cable back
whatever that came out I've seen it once
and I can tell you absolutely nothing
about the night I don't remember
anything I one guy had like a Braille
keyboard thing right that was all I
remember is being incredibly attracted
to Angelina Jolie in it before I knew
who she was sure I was like this lady
with the short bleached hair her lips
are too goddamn weird
well she's gotten we're looking over
time but in that movie I remember being
very attracted to her but I have not
seen it since since I was what did that
movie come out a long time ago 95 97
there were a lot about them ahead you
hack the planet Matthew Lillard
I remember Matthew Lillard Zinn it looks
like she was just stung by too many bees
I hate that fat lip look 95 I was right
the fat lip look yeah I know I'm
dissolving a little bit Mike the
green-screen the lighting change
everything's different everything sucks
but you know Angelina Jolie
Jolie impersonations
it was exactly the kind of movies in the
90s about hackers that yes my favorite
was like their visualization of hacking
with like the big like glowing towers
that were like big buildings and I
remember I remember the main characters
played by an actor that's in
Trainspotting that's right that's all I
are above angeling Joey shit's gone nuts
shit's gone a little nuts rich is it
fair to say that the Adventures of
mary-kate and Ashley Olsen indirectly
saved your life yeah it prevented that
prevent your suicide this dick still
around well we don't know if it's the
same dick or if it's a new dick and
they're using a voice it's the same dick
the same dick okay great
is it just me just me oh shit sorry I
had to read that embrace a little bit to
make sure that I was okay to read is it
just me or has Mike made references on
multiple occasions to having shit his
pants after getting drunk
and no I'm not talking about when he
played don't shit your pants I have no
recollection of this maybe maybe it's
just you and we've talked on camera a
lot at this point I don't remember all
our jokes I'll start it again and play
it and pay attention to the cutscenes
next time yeah that's a good idea um a
Harry flash man but to all you fine
folks I bought my digital copy of space
cop and all my dreams came true I'm
calling it here rich is going to steal
Leo's Oscar this year he can't because
he won't get his Oscar till next year no
rich is physically going to steal his
Oscar okay what does it take to submit
something to the Oscars what do you need
to be eligible oh space cop won't be
eligible because in order to submit to
the Oscars it needs to have played in at
least one theater in Los Angeles between
any given you so I guess it could be
good me you need we have the rest of
this you
to get into a theater in Los Angeles you
have to played in one theater in Los
Angeles and then what does it cost to
submit no I don't think you have to
submit fuck let's do it I think you have
to be a part of the Academy well you
have to be a part of the Academy to vote
of course you need to be part of do I
need to be sag I don't know probably you
probably need to be in the Guild's in
order to be nominated that makes sense
that would make sense and none of you
are part of any guild
No so it's it's free just probably not
gonna happen
such a shame oh the the chat wants to
know rich wants you to know that they're
very proud of you for for stepping up
your XCOM 2 games and look commander
difficulty is just a bitch apparently
apparently Johnny Lee Wombats it's
carnival time here in New Orleans happy
Marty grass and guys well you too I
guess I've never been to Barty Gras
happy Carnivale happy carnival oh I know
my shirt probably looks weird now cuz
the green screen settings got all fucked
up and my shirt I'm wearing a shirt that
has like green tones to it so it's
probably like picking up weird with the
green screen and everything everything
sucks everything's terrible bubbles
bubbles bubbles like I don't know
and my eyes are weird too probably blame
Chrome I will always blame the chromakey
something fun about the chromakey we did
this last prereq episode and rich and I
wanted to try something a little new and
so we filmed ourselves on the green
screen oh yeah and we put in the new
backgrounds we put in some some animated
backgrounds of old arcade video games
okay and I think they look really good
I'm really happy with how it turned out
and you know we have something
interesting happening while we're just
chatting about now the games but I
couldn't the chroma key in Premiere
wasn't doing a good enough job for you
so after I edited the entire episode I
took my timeline and Rich's timeline
over it's After Effects yeah green
screen and After Effects and you know
the effects of premiere sync up together
and did it in After Effects and
everything was great and After Effects
is great for green screen master effects
is amazing for green screen so it looks
great everything was great
normally this was a 25 minute episode
normally to render out maybe three hours
okay I was slower you know I have an
older computer yeah get there oh my god
I'm not exaggerating 22 hours yeah
that's not surprising 22 surprising to
export the video before I could watch it
I couldn't buck if there you notice some
sort of error there is if there is an
error then you just left it I love cuz
it goes fuck it I understand there is a
half a second shot of me in which I
forgot to put the green screen so you
see the green screen in the background
and everything okay fuck it you'd say
that's a peek behind the curtain channel
showing of what happens behind the
scenes so so this episode was done
editing was done being edited Saturday
morning but I couldn't get it up until
tonight oh wow because it's a 22 hours
to edit to render out yeah I believe it
Jebus so we're gonna work some more
figure we're still tweaking
it's weak in that point okay oh okay you
can click on different I get it okay
Sabre mouse is what you need to do is
encode the movie as a DCP file that a
projector can play put that on a hard
drive and book an independent theater to
run it for grace guys we'll get right on
that and it's absolutely gonna happen
top priority commander yeah I'm glad you
guys thought that the missing chroma key
was a joke hopefully most people think
it's a joke but no but I just apparently
forgot to put it on that one clip always
use your shortcomings to your advantage
yep oh I mean it was a joke I did it on
purpose it was a joke and I did it on
purpose no it was not a joke or on
purpose
so we're still tweaking tweaking the old
formula we might go we might go back to
real sex is way easier than what people
think about it though what do you guys
think about the new you look that's a
good question anonymous I'm not gonna
read that comment just wanna let you
know that I'm just curious
wow do you think
Jack fucked something up no way I know
it's weird I thought the audio is on
point this time though I found exactly
the right multiband compressor settings
- - even us out in Premiere because I
know with when recording on the h6 we we
would get peaks and valleys yeah some
parts are really quiet some parts are
really loud then you have to mix the
whole thing mix the whole thing but I
found in the compressors there's
something that brings up and brings down
and attacks and releases really nicely
okay I was really happy with that I
liked it but the retro cutouts were
still really on points it looks good but
I kept watching the asteroids it was an
experiment yeah Jack's background was
too distracting yeah I had the colorful
one you're right
it's alright guys next time I'll let
rich edit it you found the graphic
behind me a little distracting I could
see that it was an experiment sometimes
you got to mix it up mix up the old
formula yeah actually the majority of
people are saying they all liked it but
it was a bit distracting hmm we might
just go back to the real sets as it
would save us quite literally one day
that's the worst - and something takes a
ridiculous amount of time to export
because it's like it's done I want to
get it out there exactly I think so long
it's just there's just nothing you can
do there's nothing you can do there's
nothing you can do
rich is now playing on what difficulty a
veteran veteran now he was playing on
commander yeah yeah just keep bringing
it up wells keep bringing it up don't
stop bringing it up please let it be the
only thing you talk about I think it's
important though cuz you're you are a
veteran like an ex-con one veteran and
that's that speaks to the difficulty of
this game what version of Tempest was
playing behind me that was the arcade
version but I put yes I put on a 41 to
make it look more Pixley so that that's
just to the standard arcade version but
I put a fun effect on it just to make it
look different than the arcade version
because I thought it looked cool
leftover beefcake says this tip is for a
police quest two animated background
okay not much action in police quest too
but I want one anyways dammit okay you
know at teach one to one attach one to
one says I'm so sick of X campaign fans
putting so much importance on difficulty
settings and I I'm gonna echo that
comment with all games the important the
important part of a game is that it is
challenging to you and rewarding for
winning and if that is means that you
play at a lesser difficulty settings and
so be it everyone's different everyone
plays a little different now
it's it's not cool to make somebody feel
bad because they're playing on a lower
difficulty bright but I think it's fair
to like a higher difficulty okay sure
but yes and you should never make fun of
someone for playing at a lesser
difficulty the original well no the
original well the original just hard to
but I mean the new one I found it very
very rewarding to master sure and see I
like like you know like a game like
blood-borne or the Dark Souls game has
no difficulty settings
it just is as hard as the game
I really like the merits of the game
alone rich read starter says it's
refreshing to see an ex-con stream from
someone new to the series like myself
I'm not new to the series
I'm just really bad oh no I think he's
talking about like my Oh Oh about cuz I
know no you know I know nothing about XM
I'm looking forward to getting a little
more into it I've played an hour and a
half but most that time was spent making
my characters look fun which was really
fun I'm making the war girls every
character I'm making is going to be a
bald girl with a skull face paint and
I'm giving them all I'm giving them all
food names it's almost a joke it's
that's great that's great I'm teasing
you they're all great they're all my all
of my warriors are gonna be bald women
with skull face paint so they're gonna
be the war girls and I'm giving them all
food names because in my in my head when
you girls like eating know when you join
my army that there's only two things you
need to be worried about shooting aliens
and eatin food where you have the energy
well your next meal is gonna come from
exactly so you better shoot them aliens
oh shit no I do so I got a I got a
grenade
meant to do a waypoint and I fucked up
oh I got a heavy and she's ham sandwich
I got a sniper mac and cheese I got a
ranger that's spinach I would have had
issues anyway I just discovered this
website that specializes in producing
and selling realistic looking plastic
food and I now just want to adorn my
place with fake food what what is the
core what is why are they selling
realistic plastic I don't know but I'm
glad they are
realistic-looking uh cheeseburgers with
fries hot dogs all right don't get a
whole chicken cooked or uncooked yeah
yeah all sorts of stuff do you think
it's meant for like restaurants to like
showcase their food or I don't know you
don't care I don't care this is I know I
just want to use it to decorate rich
I'm really sorry for having to read all
these okay but I'm gonna read all these
anonymous would like to say rich would
you say that commander difficulty is
more difficult than next time - I'm
pretty sure you'd have no trouble with
commander difficulty in the first one
commander difficulty commander
difficulty I think they're making fun of
you for I think they're joking about
your dropping the difficulty level okay
also retreat Stardust says no that was a
dig at Rich's difficulty drop someone
new to the XCOM series was making fun of
you
so the chats making fun of you but
they're paying money to make fun of you
and so we'll read it you're all jerks
jack will you be giving out how much
money you've guys have made in subs and
donations fine if you say no just that
last year rich got a PC what about a PC
for Jack get one with an NVIDIA Quadro
we probably won't release those numbers
because I don't imagine that something
anybody does I my PC still plays games
well I've had it for a long time I mean
my my Mac is getting older it will be
time to upgrade but I'm a stubborn and
poor son of a bitch so
so it's just one of those things where
I'm I we like spending money on games we
bought XCOM - we pre-order that you know
all of the money goes towards the show
we bought nice lights
you bought this green screen this is a
great green screen by the way it folds
up and it's it's like a elastic on all
the sides it's so it's taut all the time
nice flat green screen bought this
webcam so we could do video you know
like all of the money goes to the stream
and if we get enough if we get enough
for a new computer for me that'd be
great but you know that's not a priority
at the moment okay okay well I'm gonna
get to that it's more than usual this is
yes like it's because you're here but
they're mostly asking things to you guys
maybe it's bad I don't know I don't know
nothing this this is what you get for
playing FTL you bastards I don't know I
don't know that's just what he said are
you guys looking forward to Deadpool at
all yeah yes man there you go it's a
movie I mean itit you're you're a fan of
Deadpool I don't know I think about
Deadpool I'm not even a super huge fan
of Deadpool it just looks fun it looks
like I mean it could be I I don't know
it looks like it could be possibly
trying too hard
maybe it had lots of really dated pop
culture references in the trailer which
was weird
we referencing like the Spice Girls like
Rosie O'Donnell like these feel really
out of date these references
that's Deadpool okay maybe that's the
character it'll make sense in the
context of the movie my good pair oh I
could go either way Lee I like Ryan
Reynolds and I like Deadpool so yeah I
appreciate my hopes up yeah I appreciate
that it seems to be like a passion
project of his like he's wanted to make
this for a while so that's neat
it's not just something that exists
because it's a known property I got any
no is Deadpool that well-known of a kiss
yes okay he's
very popular like it he's trying to
think of a fit of a good analogy where
it's like amongst the fans of people who
read comic book well a fans of comics
sure I'm talking about him like
everybody knows the x-men like a general
audience sure a general audience will
not know dude okay that's what I mean
but if you've even read one comic book
you know and love Deadpool okay he's the
he's the Boba Fett comics uh Grand Moff
Callie has an interesting proposition
for us rich yeah I'll I assume you mean
I'll donate two hundred and fifty
dollars okay if we shut the tips off for
the night is that unfair to other people
though but just want to ask questions or
whatever that it is a little unfair and
I don't know how this system works so I
don't know for sure that's why I'm
asking
it's an interesting proposition why
would anyone want to shut this off I
don't know uh uh here's one thing I can
say we probably won't be streaming for
terribly much longer we didn't start a
little bit earlier than want to shut
that off I'm gonna say even if you tip
that much my gut reaction is no we won't
shut them off because this is just
something we leave open where's the
extra and - I just don't think you're
gonna get your money's worth because I
don't know how much longer we're gonna
be streaming um
retreat Stardust would like to say rich
put himself in a digital dunking booth
we're talking about difficulty levels
and whatnot so that's it um lost in
Technicolor says here's a few bucks
I have no snarky comments because I'm
not an asshole that's your uh protector
color user two seven seven two two one
says Jay Bowman
is the wind beneath my wings every
moment without him on screen feels like
an eternity to me I think that says more
about you than it does about me there
you go Manny the Vera King one does rich
know about weapon mods he has picked up
a few already I I'm gonna get more in
depth in the game when there's not Oh My
gods and chitchat and everything yep I'm
gonna dig in later yes right now I'm
just casually fucking around okay - will
characters will characters get named
after subs donations like an old ex-con
screams not tonight
I don't even thinking about that well
and you know what not tonight because
you're just fucking around anyway
but if we play ex-con two more we're
gonna play X come two more yes we will
do that anonymous hey will you guys be
doing another best of the worst or
anything with max landis the last one
was great max landis does not live in
Milwaukee so to some degree that's up to
him yeah that's the problem with anyone
that we've worked with that doesn't live
in Milwaukee it's depending on schedules
and stuff he's obviously a fan of bad
news and I think he was verbose enough
to handle himself
but time will tell yeah time will tell
he's the Zaius I think you guys will get
more tips if you continue playing the
witness no sure are plenty of them will
be of people telling you to stop playing
but tips are tips PS I really enjoyed
that stream well thank you you know the
game got a little old for us I some
people do say that the witness to get
some
deeper as you go
nothing R into its own shit nothing
compelled me to play it more so I don't
think that's gonna happen are you guys
going to play the Wii U again I think
you'd enjoy Raymond and the Mario games
for co-op I love Raymond Raymond origins
is a fantastic platforming game I really
enjoyed that game so maybe is I don't
even know if origins is on Wii U or for
sequel but I really like that Raymond
game or one of our games yes we I mean
we have a Wii U we'll play it right now
it's X come to obviously this is a
question for a J so I'll have to wait
till he comes back into the room J any
chance feeding frenzy will be available
on DVD again oh my god um unknown at
this point we're not sure so there's
your answer it is available digitally
still though it was available on DVD for
a very long time we just recently sold
out and whether it's a worthwhile
investment to repress them is up in the
air that's the real question
that's the real question is do they feel
like enough will be sold to because it
yeah it's it's costly to do these things
to get these things pressed absolutely
so we'll see possibly that's a good
answer
I do not have a solid answer yet that
says no I think that's a fine answer
let's see here if you ever want to
include English captions in the disc for
your future films many of us are happy
to help for free myself included also
thanks for getting the wizard to sign my
space cop copy says dooby sandwich I
love you say what you're either one that
that was me forgery that's not true are
you the person that asked for just his
signature because somebody did that and
I thought that was now
one funny and he signed it great all
across the whole front yeah King wizard
I guess just for the novelty of having
the only copy signed by him and he's not
really in the movies in the background
one the scene scenes I love it I love it
so but you know the the point is if you
ever need someone to caption stuff for
you you have an army of volunteers all
right there we go thank you do be
sandwich lesbian laser battle would like
to say rich Tristar sector it's an indie
game with tactical ship combat kind of
like Masters of Orion - except for you
directly drive the ships what's it
called a star sector look into that I
like my serve variety rich is on it also
commander difficulty commander
difficulty star star what now
star sector star sector okay do you
wanna or did you want to write it down
yeah right there rich is writing it down
right now
he enjoys - yeah two words or one words
one word star sector star sector stir
stick - we mister sister Pfister you
write but it all rhymes it does but you
the fans for him there aren't you single
every single disgusting one of them what
happened to the feeding frenzy DVD I
want to ordered they sold out we just
sold out they sold out and like Jane
just explained it costs a lot of money
up front to have them printed it's not
like they print to order right and so
they need to decide whether or not it's
cost-effective and if anyone will buy
them besides you - in but it is still
available digitally it is still
available digital and it will very soon
be available in 1080 is right now it's a
720 okay and the extras that we're on
the DVD that are not on the digital
version will be available
so commentary and all that now sometime
in the near future that's a real up
there and and breaking news if you've
already purchased it I believe when I
add those things and update it you'll
get like an email notification saying
new material is available and you get
those and you will get those think if
you've already produced it yeah nice
that's not complete jerks yeah
especially since the the DVD went out of
print is like we should get this stuff
that's not available that's I think
that's very Commission I thought I'd oh
I don't know whatever it's fine it's
fine
you didn't extract the VIP yeah yeah
that's great news Jam yeah alright let's
see here tell Jay to watch serial
experiments lain never even heard of
serial experiments lain and Lena spelled
l AI n I have up cereal though and I
said they said watch okay I don't know
what that is you don't know what that is
never heard of this thing they're
hunched over when they're wounded yeah
as neat what is it cereal what serial
experiments lain alright I'm looking it
up Jays looking it up oh don't it's an
anime oh yeah I probably won't Lane is
an anime he's probably not gonna watch
okay anonymous says no offense to jackar
Jay but rich will you ever stream X come
to solo why would we take offense i-i've
never planned XCOM I mean uh solo
streams in advance really they just kind
of happened
I don't I can only assume if rich is
doing a solo stream anytime soon it will
become to possibly all those dreams
aren't a thing that happens maybe other
dragons don't know she knows rich likes
Dragon's Dogma history I do I do
strangely yeah J yes sorry the last time
in Eclair was so shitty says the real
van was it shitty last time you were no
Claire when was the last time I was in
Eau Claire I have no idea was that for
the anime convention oh maybe that's it
oh yeah
any plans for future meet and greets in
Wisconsin Twin Cities area uh no plans
at the moment no okay we're usually out
drinking pretty Layton's we hit up most
of the bars alright I am got says Jack
let's start a Kickstarter to raise money
for a GoFundMe so I can get a new
computer I don't think I need like I
don't need one yet I'm just I I think I
can eke out at least another year
how old is yours very it's six years old
okay
I've upgraded the RAM recently but you
know that helps yeah and I'm like when I
got it I got the one with the the nicer
processor but it's still you know it's a
six year old processor well sure yeah I
want to still get get work out of it I
know it takes a while sometimes but it's
not working I think I think I can make
another year with this one is my hope
because computers be expensive okay
anonymous as Michael Caine you cross the
line oh no way I know I need to get my
wife who came back what do we do when we
thought you crossed the line mr. white
you squeezed them
he hammered em to the point of
desperation and in their desperation
they turned to a man they didn't fully
understand
that's pretty good uh yeah that's
Michael Caine does this awful cockney
accent isn't that just as acts I think
that's just his voice I think you see
boys but Alfred is a butler yeah he is
an old-school British Butler and British
Butler's do not have cockney accent
because they serve royalty so they would
not have a commoner accent but he didn't
serve oil he's just a guy that's a
butler he's out he's a butler yes
probably got a really complicated
backstory if only we would have been
known any oven
I fucking hate him he's the worst no
Michael Caine's fine you know he's not
Alf
who's Alfred in the new one is there an
Alfred and Baron oh there is it's a it's
someone we know - oh that's right it's
Jeremy RBIs
yeah thank God I could see Jeremy Irons
isn't a good Alfred I guess
Jeremy Irons I mean it's no it's no
Dungeons & Dragons
if he played it like he played his role
in Dungeons & Dragons
then we'd have something that is the
best thing the dragon holy shit right
it's just the best just died no no Hans
Gruber Snape come on man LM gonna go
what about him is Alfred Oh Alfred yeah
he would make a good Alfred
he can't anymore he can't rest in peace
rest in peace Alan Rickman oh he
wouldn't make it
oh and that just makes me some more said
he would he was made the perfect Alfred
that too Alfred is the Snape you know
like very stern very businesslike but
caring undertones Oh
Oh that just made me so sad thinking of
what a great thinking of what a great
Alfred he would have been oh that's all
right that's okay that's okay
rest in peace Alan Rickman and rest in
peace every other artist that we grew up
with because they're all dying all dying
right now everybody's done you know what
they're gonna keep dying
I know it's unfortunate we're at that
point where it's welcome to aging mother
fucker we're at that void where
was starting to pass away at a more
regular pace his first big one Robin
Williams huge actor from our youth it
wasn't really good that wasn't an old
age he wasn't old when we were young
yeah yeah but I mean the Alan Rickman is
not an old age thing either like yeah
that's the other thing yes if Robert
Williams had dementia which I've heard
he had Robert Williams Robin Williams
had dementia which I heard he had then
yeah age cut it was a factor yeah guts
going nuts says the chat sucks Jay Lane
Lane is nothing like typical anime which
is exactly what everyone says
everybody says that lame-o but no no
this is a life difference but it's all
crap okay guys go feed teenagers I just
rose with squeaky voices every girl
anime talks like a four-year-old thank
you as a three-year-old talks like a
four-year-old that's that's an ideal
Japanese woman for you I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna speak for you Jay but I assume
that one of the things that you like
about movies is the process of
moviemaking yes and so with an animated
feature it's it's not it doesn't have
the I mean I like animated fisher's I've
just not see I've seen some anime and I
haven't seen any that's really you know
and you know I I know it's not to say it
doesn't exist maybe I will try again at
some point but right we'll see they're
12 and dressed like a stripper but she's
really a hundred and fifty years old
that's every anime you're right but 1500
is what they said oh I read there
although it's surreal super slow science
fiction series at least look at it okay
I will look into it I make that promise
oh well there you go I already have it
in my history now on IMDB so okay I will
go back
um blow tractor says Jeremy Irons is
Alfred every time Bruce leaves to do
Batman stuff Alfred invites his friends
over it's and it's like dead ringers
dead ringers see it's a David Cronenberg
movie okay which means it's weird and
fucked-up and he plays twin brothers
that are Gynaecologists and it gets and
shit gets creepy it's a great movie and
his performance in it it's the two twins
is really good I love it don't know if
this has been asked yet but will you
guys make J play outlast 2 when it comes
out he seemed to like the first one I
think we're gonna try to make J play
another horror movie or horror video
game sure cuz he liked he did like that
a little bit about last I did we still
need to do our no board run oh for an
alien within this point it's no it's
gonna happen we said it was gonna happen
at one point the entire stream will be
Jay plays alien isolation until he gets
bored and then the whole stream is done
okay cuz I what you know why cuz I think
it's funny it'll be in 20 minutes
streaming it'll either be like I guess
we are the only people on the Internet
alright it's true guy guts going nuts I
know guts going nuts would like to say
you guys suck - it's not like that he
about you know plain isn't like every
other enemy
I wouldn't recommend this if I didn't
think it was right up Jays alley okay
and like Jay said it is in his eye and
ie
I will read more about it and make a
decision based on that we'll see there
we go that's going that's weird we're
just poking at you man and someone who
typically hates anime yeah I'm kind of
curious about berserk yeah she's got a
fantasy thing but I know the main hero
is just kind of horribly violent and
kills things I like a lot of anime I
enjoy it because because it's so
fantastical and you can do things in an
animated feature that no one could ever
do in a real movie oh sure and that's
why I love it chap what I like berserk
as you know me you some of you think you
do it's not your entirely wrong
would I like berserk berserk is great
not if you think it's great what I think
it's great
berserk is creates anime this is the
best berserk is really good
berserk is great read the comic there's
what they're saying we come
berserk is fucking sick mazurkas good
just read the manga it's it really
sounds like you should read the comic
okay but maybe maybe I'll look into it
at some point okay thank you
Dark Souls gets a lot of inspiration
from berserk according to thank you of
for subscribing berserk influenced Dark
Souls the anime lures you in to the
manga everyone at everyone is saying
read the comic read the comic read the
comic read the comic read the comic read
the chemical well now I have to know
what did the anime do wrong that's
that's a good question
Dark Souls blood-borne and some elements
of Dragon's Dogma have been inspired by
berserk
berserk sucks circus violent and rapey
question mark
so it's an animes I like that comment I
like that comment the anime didn't do
anything wrong it's just the pencil art
in the comic is incredible
okay I can see that I really enjoyed
that that kind of style that pencil art
style
are you done rich I'm you don't I'm okay
I'm gonna say this plate a little bit
yeah I missed the sick bullets crawled
around the alien looking alien oh yes I
don't know I'm sure I'm sure
aliens are gonna start appearing sure
but the humanoids kind of literally let
none okay how I mean knowing very little
about XCOM one or you know new ex-con
one this seemed very similar in gameplay
style thank someone I need to digest
this okay this you're not ready for
playing this in a weird environment oh
my god being yelled in my ear every ten
seconds that's my own fault
the intent was to be once every five to
ten minutes not 10 seconds
what's guts they're the things that are
inside the body guts guts going nuts
says guess where guts is from that's
right fucking berserk you need to get
this comic in this bizarre comic that's
rich men choosing rich mentions may be
liking possibly one anime and every once
I get it fucking get it but read the
manga the mangas better than guys you
got do it now
Jack notices dudes says it's been too
long since I know my god here's five
bucks
no thanks Jax knows is dude I want you
to pull up the subscribers escapees you
got escapees I'm gonna start from
scratch so I'm not worried about saving
shit I'm sure it autosave 48 times oh oh
I get a guts is the name of the
protagonist in berserk and his name is
guts going nuts okay
who goes nuts I get I get it now we are
like weirdly out-of-focus now oh it's
cuz I fuck is it is it about a character
who's going nuts are you just jumping to
conclusions now oh I think you're just
jumping to conclusions well or just
rhymes yeah exactly
okay great let's do this where is it
nothing I thought you had it up on your
laptop I don't have it over my lifetime
oh I had no I told you I had that oh you
didn't
okay joking nope no it's Thursday I see
it's behind it that's the OBS I honestly
thought it was on your life I thought
you had that and that we didn't turn on
the twat sure you guys are an
embarrassment we are an embarrassment
indeed
