(not) Gonna Get a Mew (Pokemon Plaid part 2)
March 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3npYSC1woJc

doctor some some gaming news I just saw
right now from the jab which looks
horribly generic Oh a Kotaku article
have fun
well now I want to click on it dooms
cover fits perfectly with pretty much
every game yeah yeah I think so right oh
oh yeah look at that
you're a Space Marine Oh God
oh that's really funny actually they
just put the that's great see that's fun
that's really great because you're just
you are generic Space Marine generic
spaceman
yes speaking of generic yeah can
can anybody either you Jack or a buddy
in the chat I'm kinda having this
conversation before the stream starting
tell me what the fuck makes Tom Clancy's
the division special what is that what
does that have that that makes it
something other than third-person
shooter number 3718 the the one selling
point I have heard from him is the
destructible environments that's it I
was talking with someone actually on
Monday Monday night a buddy of mine who
is super into those kinds of generic
games was really excited about the
division and I asked him that exact same
question yeah why here was his actual
response was yeah well that's what
that's what my friends are getting
because because he's the type of gamer
that like all he wants to do is you know
like play games with his friends and so
like they as a group decide what game
they're gonna get so they can all play
together why don't they make original
games
this is this is exactly why exactly you
know I was just like I don't know man
and nothing looks terribly interesting
about he's like oh you know be fun
there's this online portion and you do
stuff and it's like oh man oh man oh man
alive and here's a more important
question okay how the fuck is tom
clancy's still writing this shit from
beyond the grave
what they're doing with his name just
the most sickening fucking thing
absolutely sickening also how is Tom
Clancy's still a selling point at this
at this point in the games industry like
oh I get it we know a well-respected
author
we're gonna slap his name on something
right add a little class to this here
shooter but now people don't care about
that anymore that's great
it's written by a zombie Oh funny game
too it's not like is there there's
infected people but they're not
something aim - they're not zombies
they're just there they die like they
got sick and they die and so that's what
the dystopia is okay I don't believe
there are actual zombies I could and
might be very wrong but someone say it
was a zombie game
Abraham Lincoln's civilization I guess
it doesn't matter if they're wrong or
not because it's horribly generic either
way it looks very soon hack Freud's how
do I inflict a steam game on you if you
want to send us a steam game you can
send it to prereq at red letter media
com that is our email so sent you know
if you want to gift us this team game
gift
there and that's how we can be in pain
oh yeah I realize it's an MMO I do
realize it isn't a massively multiplayer
online game people are excited for your
you're allowed to like the division I'm
glad you're playing it enjoying it it
just I don't understand the hype for
something that looks like the definition
of generic it doesn't well you know it's
it's probably gonna take a lot of the
players who are playing destiny which is
another hello I can't hear a word you're
saying I might have I might have
accidentally hit the volume on my thing
talk jack
I'm hello there you okay you know like
destiny is another one of those Matt's
at massively multiplayer online shooter
games and like a lot of people are
saying it's just gonna take a lot of
Destiny players in it's like well that's
yeah people who like that sooner I'm
just gonna jump in that's fine that's
fine
yeah yeah it's about bioterror spreading
a disease through dollar bills on Black
Friday yes well that wouldn't work at
all because everyone uses credit Bow Wow
yes three people zip zero out of ten
would not buy one star out of five I
plot the place dollar bills didn't work
out for some reason only strippers died
Friday stampedes and strippers yes yes
everybody every stripper would would be
gone and I guess every want everyone a
fish at the club so only people who
frequent strip clubs would die we're not
losing our best and brightest so we're
fine that's job growth in America after
all those stripper positions opened up
oh I like that new key hazard next the
terrorists are going to poison Walkmans
you see I've inserted powder into all of
these these Sony Walkmans everyone who
listens to a cassette tape will will
burn alive instantly it did not work at
all
only hipsters only three hipsters died I
could not do it
yes this is a lot of exciting Pokemon
gameplay this is this is just me playing
my pokemons this is why I love the
series so much rich is a huge fan of the
Pokemon series huge fan I really like it
there there was a bit of lack of
communication between rich and I today
and as it turns out it was a
miscommunication I texted rich this
afternoon like giving out some times
that I thought would work for Jack was
just telling me the time that was going
to be of course and in my head and even
though I didn't I didn't say it like in
my head I was asking if that was okay
for him and so then I never heard back
because rich had assumed that that was
just the time I was coming and so then I
assumed it wasn't happening and so then
I was like well flying fuck Birds I'm
gonna play pokemon it happens seven I
got time to go out and get a sandwich
exactly it's fine not a normal stream
can't continue our police quest to
stream but we'll get to it
a week that time who's in here see if
there's any good pokemons in this grass
or look for some pokemons
how much input that I have into the
space cop story I can't even tell you
specifically because just gonna get
together in your brainstorm ideas come
out and they could kicked around yeah
and then like not only I'm sure in the
writing process but like I know the
three of you were changing the story
whilst shooting massively changing well
we we can no longer afford you know an
entire warehouse full of explosives so
we're gonna change that scene what do
you get what you're gonna change the
scene to uh instead rich and Mike are
gonna walk down a hallway it's gonna be
great
when it doesn't being generic matter at
all as long as the gameplay is good
considering you guys liked Dragon's
Dogma I think that's going back to your
to your generic looking shooter yeah
yeah and you know what we when we
started playing Dragon's Dogma it was
almost as a lark we started playing it
for first four hours oh yeah was not
something I was hyped about right oh
pardon we we thought we were gonna get
four hours be bored to tears because of
all the dragons and you know get get a
short a short video out of it
and it won us over with its gameplay and
the same could be true for destiny or
the division or any game that we call
generic but that doesn't like also
Dragon's Dogma is still a very generic
game so yeah anything is possible the
question is will we will then is there
any motivation for us to play it as
opposed to playing the thousands of
other games that we can play to get
specific yeah what I am baffled about
what the division is highteeeee the hype
I've seen some people have like oh this
looks great
mm-hmm and I look at it I think well
that looks generic Dragon's Dogma I
thought that looks generic mm-hmm even
though I did like it
Dragon's Dogma is a generic game that's
not and that's not necessarily an insult
it's a good generic game but you know
it's your pretty standard fantasy RPG
Pokemon learn new techniques as they
grow rich but some move they must be
taught by trainer
Dragon's Dogma is one of those games
that grabs you it has generic elements I
don't know of any other game that lets
you hang off of a Griffin while you try
to beat it to death
exactly aesthetically and they were
smart enough to have you fight that
Cyclops right at the beginning so you
know what you're in for for the whole
game reformers are the last time you
were super hyped about a game and which
game was it
Mass Effect 3 it was a valuable lesson
in hype Mass Effect 3 was was a giant
nun slapping rich on the knuckles with a
ruler - I kept my hype down you did by
the way people people like like the week
before that came out people like why are
you fasting at the mouth and man I get
it because of Mass Effect 3 could just
be me being more mature my old age yeah
sure sure that's possible that is
possible I was going through AI I'm big
on lists
I enjoy lists and more importantly I'm
really big on writing things down and so
I have a list on my phone and it's it's
just gonna play that's my note I have a
note in my notebook on my phone and
every time I come across a game that I
think later down the line I might want
to play it I make a little note and I
was doing that today cuz you know I now
have the 3ds I was like oh I bet some of
these games on my lists of games that I
want to play our 3ds games and sure
enough they were
and these are games that like I saw and
I got a little excited about Martha who
that might be a thing I want to look
into later and I'm looking through this
list and now like looking up the games
now and all of them look like complete
garbage yeah complete garbage and she's
like what the hell was I thinking so you
know like a hype hype is a real
I think hype is it is an influencing
factor when you play a game it's a very
real thing it can it can distort your
perceptions somebody in the chats
mentioning wasn't I hype for them the
first ex-con ee you need the reboot XCOM
you know the recent new one the reason
new one right yeah the reason the recent
first one that was actually a surprise
to me I didn't hear about that before it
came out I the lat I actually discovered
XCOM because of the the shitty reboot
the one that became the bureau the the
first person shooter XCOM they announced
that at e3 and then all of the ExCom
fans were were heartbroken I was curious
about this game that everybody was
heartbroken was this is a shitty
first-person shooter but I mean did you
play the original original after I like
what is this game people are so upset
about not being you know being remade
wrong and I looked into it I'm like oh
this really is good and then I didn't
think about it much a couple years went
by and I'm I'm on break at work and I'm
reading a PC Gamer magazine and there's
a review for XCOM enemy Unknown are like
wait a minute that's not the shitty
reboot so I didn't discover enemy I know
until it was after after it was already
out so there was no hype to be had
oh wait so what you're saying is after
hearing about how upset people were
about the bureau the bureau yeah check
out the original XS X comma X comma then
your two goes by and I'm reading a PC
gamer article about a review for XCOM
enemy Unknown which had already come out
and I didn't hear about it beforehand
oh my god that's great so I discovered
both kind of actresses
what a lovely treat that is yeah
Tiberius Kirk says I discovered ex-con
last week because if you guys keep
gushing about it and it was ten bucks on
the ps3 damn that's a good price yeah
it's the question that is the question
Tiberius did you like it I want rich
actually this is something of some a lot
of people have been asking us about this
game like on Twitter and stuff have you
looked into stardew valley at all I've
never heard of stardew valley oh it's
the new it's the new bigan it's the new
big little game look up it's the big
indie game it's it's a like it's very
Harvest Moon II and I know you are a fan
of the Harvest Moon II I'll have to look
into it
stardew valley it's the game all the
cool kids are playing oh I think I heard
somebody mention that in a previous
stream works like people who made the
original harvest moves know that that
could be because like I like the earlier
harvest moons I haven't liked any of the
recent ones basically they started
becoming shit with from the GameCube on
from the Gamecube harvest mode on the
series tanked yeah yes Hartman's II Jack
is playing this we're doing a a hack and
a half rich is calling in I am playing
pokemons yellows hoping I got enough
steam in me to get to MU that is my my
one goal as I wanted to do the MU glitch
where you can trick the game into
allowing you to catch em you far earlier
than you usually can and backtrack and
question somebody asked earlier yes well
I want to revisit it would we play the
division and the the answer is yes but
it's a $60 investment right now and it's
a game that doesn't look particularly
interesting and the first
place so I consider it but maybe if the
price went down like we do it through
the show for review but we said a
discussion recently about you know takes
us so long dude to get a review out yeah
and I I kind of wanted him back off on
Triple A games are gonna take down like
40 our investment then he comes out it's
a month later at least I think we should
do more shorter games like Firewatch
well yeah and I think we need to mix it
up where we do some shorter games than
everyone's a bigger game yeah we just
came off of a big streak of long
triple-a titles that came out a month
after the game was relevant exactly
exactly so we can we can cool it we're
probably not gonna do it for the show I
mean we know we're not gonna do it for
the show because I know what we're doing
next because we already recorded it but
even for streaming probably not gonna
happen because there is just 1 million
things to play is the division a game
you're all super excited to watch a
stream that's a good question
that's a good question I know everyone
wants us you know what I will play The
Witcher 3 before I play the division
yeah because one because we own it
already good thank you people have
spoken the people have spoken we are not
playing the division great it's not even
a justifiable business expense great
that makes me happy that makes me happy
to hear
it'll be Call of Duty all over again
exactly so maybe we're not the only ones
who think the game looks overhyped
if not bad at least overhyped maybe
quite possibly over hi you know well and
and I think you bring up a good point
which is like why the height yeah
like is it height because it's going to
be a great game or is it a height
because there's a ton of marketing
behind it I mean I'm not wrong I
remember people saying that it'd be
three thinking it'd look great
what do you think about the division my
mom did that not happen damn I just
might miss remembering life you know you
remember it like the the big thing with
um with the division at e3 is this is
the second III it was shown at like it
was showing at e3 two years ago as well
yeah and I still don't care it's a it
looks boring look up straight down so
don't think my Pikachu's can do very
good against it but
kind of shit out of luck here I'll fuck
oh fuck
that's right we can do this
we can do this rich
ocean of money Turan thank you
great potion something else someone
asked much earlier those are our there
RT games that I do like RT games RT
games like like like fire watch sure
okay um I would say pony island was fun
we played recently uh the ephra
mentioned the Stanley parable oh yeah
yeah a Stanley parable to go I've been
already things I've liked you like to
pony island was my favorite thing ever
but yeah the hype okay the hype from the
division came from the look but then the
beta dropped and the hype was over the
gameplay I was more interested when it
was going to be the next Ghost Recon
game okay so the hype did come from the
look apparently like the graphics are
really good maybe yeah I saw someone say
earlier that it is a like Street First
Street remake of Manhattan that's neat
you know if it's a very detailed map you
have a division so if it's a very
detailed map that's that's kind of cool
oh so fucking sick of Manhattan just in
general like I don't want to go there I
don't want to see it everything in a
game is like based on New York yeah okay
oh my god I don't care the Grand Theft
Auto spider-man games this apparently
mmm you know fuck New York what did I
ever do for us
other cities there are there are other
there are other locales London's only
had one game London could be interesting
I'd be constantly accidentally driving
on the wrong side of the fucking Street
but which would make it great
can I live on my manky I'm gonna be shit
against and and nothing should be set in
Milwaukee
yeah that's Milwaukee's boring if it's a
boring game then you said in Milwaukee
I'm sure there's something that could be
said here you know like like a tapper
you said you said a tapper in Milwaukee
remember tapper oh the beer the arcade
game where you have to pour beer and
Shuba didn't shoot it down the table
some people could drink more beer beer
Jack of course
root beer oh yeah root beer of course
haven't you guys been offered free games
to stream from companies most dreamers
come together now we've been offered I
want to say we've been offered like
three games from the people who
developed the games Oh like little
smaller things yeah oh yeah like we're
talking about zombies yeah I like strip
well but strafe was free to everyone
like you know I was yeah okay you're
right you're right I requested it and
they they gave it to us like what did we
play with that let mute crimson game
that side scroller like remember the
black and white was just red blood
you probably yeah me yeah me Brian you
might not remember it
we got that one for free from the
developer who it was like a two-man
development team and hey you want to
play this on your stream and I said sure
that's happened a couple times he's like
hey I made this game or like all the
Plunkett fan games I made this game you
don't play downstream
oh let's let's discount blanket fan sure
Kevin king Kevin Kevin didn't offer us
pre pre-release effects come so Kevin
did not offer us a pre-written happen
we're not said we're not saying we're
mad at him because he helped us set up
the one-ders oh I know that's right a
fearful slug by Cameron Kings was
another one that we got from the
developer who was just a fan of ours and
he said hey I made this game you want to
play it I said Jordan but now like we
don't we don't get games from like big
developers it'd be great if you did
we're gonna reach out a prereq and red
letter media at that corner we have a
wart on the ass of gaming journalism
well yeah you know we're just us we're
just a they're only the one guy in this
gym I need to I need to level up my man
key which is good because I think I
think once once somebody's dependent on
getting pre-release stuff to be current
you have to start doubting their reviews
you think yeah yeah I wouldn't I would
never I would have a hard time trusting
a review from a game spot or IGN because
they they need EA and they need to keep
them happy they they counted them for
ads and revenue and screening copies of
shit
sure you know that that's the the
what he called the the ad out of a
hundred rule right yeah we're worried if
they if you really don't like a game but
you're friends with the publisher not
friends you know you're friendly with
the publisher and you need them to give
you more games and yeah eighty you give
him a nice yep yeah review score did you
see that wonderful Jackie Chan video
game video that star made no star star
got his start I started watching him
when he was making tf2 videos and now he
just makes really weird stuff he's great
he made this really funny really like on
Fleck
video about this old PlayStation game
it's like a Jackie it was a Jackie Chan
game and if the game is horrible and it
looks bad and it plays bad but for some
reason it got an 80 out of 100 yeah and
then he like showed a bunch of modern
games that are getting 80s out of 100
and he made this wonderful parallel to
like them this is what people mean by 80
out of a hundred they mean it's bad
someone find this someone find that star
video and pose and I love that video
it's know and I know it's fleek and I'm
not saying fleek I'm not saying it I
think is that why it's um what people
get pissed off what a game they like
only gets a 95 exactly because you know
people are hip to that at this point
people know where an 80 means of course
of course people know what an 80 and so
and so but then it's just like why have
the facade you know Jackie Chan's stunt
master oh thank you Oh bother for
finding that video if that's it I think
that's it
I don't watch the slave it's it's really
funny and it's just showing this awful
gameplay and this through the review
scored had it was it's it's funny I
enjoy stir a lot he's a good games
commentator I like it when he talked
about the games and then yeah plays the
games and talked about pretty great
pretty great I need to spend some time
you know what I mean you know what time
it is in Pokemon rich time stand up it's
it's not time to stand out but we about
minutes to stand up in Pokemon right now
it's grind time oh we are officially in
grind time and usually there is very
little grinding in Pokemon I feel by the
way I didn't even need to grind you
didn't need to grind you were playing
like a newer version if I am if this was
the normal game and I like I could have
chosen the water starter which would
have gotten me through this gym but
without without blinking because
everyone in this gym is a rock or a
ground type and water is strong against
it but I have an electric type and you
can't like electric isn't just a week to
ground types electric doesn't work on
ground types okay so and there's big
ground and rock type enemies here Oh God
and I'm even failing at grinding right
now
meet clanking wouldn't like to know if
you have ever encountered a shiny one I
want to say after I've told I told the
story before in all of my hundreds of
hours of playing almost every single
Pokemon game I have encountered exactly
one shiny and a shiny has the exact same
stats as its non-shiny counterpart it
just has a different paint job but
they're very rare and and I didn't catch
it I think I had too strong of a Pokemon
and I was trying to weaken it to catch
it and I killed it
I killed the shiny pokemon and I feel
terrible
that's tragedy how rare are they
apparently they're pretty fucking rare
oh they're pretty fucking we're there
and there's like there are entire
websites dedicated to how to game the
system to get all the shinies that you
want that involved like breeding your
Pokemon and getting this and doing this
and doing that but like coming across
them just in the in the regular game are
they're readily rare incredibly rare and
like it wasn't even like a good Pokemon
but I would have kept it in my team I
don't remember what it was are they well
chant wants know what type of was I'm
trying to remember I'm trying to
remember what type it was it was um I
think it was a bird it was it was a
shiny it was a shiny Spiro I want to say
are they in the black and white version
I actually don't know yeah and literally
all they are is they're the exact same
code Pokemon was just a different color
palette that's all they are
Dragoon 9 105 says there's a 1 in 8,000
263 chance a 1 in 8,000 chance to get a
shiny pokemon very very rare and I've
come across one
spine at 3 1 5 says rich Jan yeah
question for both of us if you could be
any Pokemon which Pokemon would you be
NY choose wisely this decision will
affect the rest of your lives
why would I want to be a Pokemon
so some asshole could shove me into his
ball yeah but you get the murder things
you don't want a murder things
what am i a moral jerk hang out think
interesting thoughts cuz I'm not a
fucking animal
that shoved in a ball I think that's
that's the correct response I don't want
it I don't want to be a Pokemon that
it's a shoved in a ball did I did I tell
my like like grade school story a first
grade teacher is asked no class thing
you could be an animal what animal would
you want to be mm-hmm okay class say me
like a cat or a dog or a horse and
here's the important question with this
question is do I still have like the
ability to talk and think like a human
no if you're if you're voting like you
decide to be a Pokemon and then like if
so if I decide to be a Pikachu all I can
say for the rest of my life is pika pika
pika pika that's but that's the thing
yeah sure yes then I would be then I
would be the meows from if I had like
let's say you you know gun to your head
you have to choose and if you don't
choose they'll choose for you I'd be
that I'd beat them me out from the show
because it can talk still if I can still
have some sort of human thought I would
be one of the humanoid-looking Pokemon
you know the ones that still have like
two arms and two legs like humans I'd
rather be dead no they wouldn't kill you
what they would rather be dead they
would make the decision for you and then
boom you'd have to live the rest of your
life as a Pokemon that they choose they
would choose it they would turn you into
like a Tentacruel or whatnot like a
ugly-ass octopus that lives in the ocean
no one wants to be a Tentacruel
nobody
or they can say their names are bit yeah
that's the Pokemon thing is the Pokemon
can only talk in what kind of Pokemon it
is so right now I'm using a manky and so
holla Manteca says man g-man key man man
key man that's so stupid
and then the pigeon it's a game made for
children and it's a game it's a game and
a cartoon made for children right you
just have to live with that it's gonna
be a little stupid sometimes that's how
it works there's there's wonderful
stories about how Pokemon came to exist
years of development before it was even
pitched to Nintendo it was made like in
secret yeah and then every time they
would bring up the idea of like the
Creator I think he had Miyamoto at his
back every time he was like soft pitch
it to Nintendo Nintendo turned him down
like no way this sounds like the dumbest
thing and so this is this guy who made
Pokemon was just so passionate about it
that he just kept making it and kept
refining it and changing the game and
like perfecting it over years and years
and eventually Nintendo relented okay
fine that's why I get yeah whatever make
your Pokemon game but like give him a
ton of monetary restrictions and you
know whatnot and it turned out to be the
the money-making machine for the entire
business
let's save the company I mean right the
only reason that the Nintendo handheld
is the go-to handheld is because it's a
Pokemon machine yep
wonderful stories of how it was the
determination maybe a little mental
instability but fun determination okay
there it is there's the timer to stand
up if ever if everyone heard the Blue
Danube loop I did not you wouldn't but
the people in stream might have heard my
doubt that's my official time to stand
up timer I'm not using my phone timer I
have my computer on and so I get my
official stand up timer oh so we're
gonna just hang out with this Rattata
here for a second while I stand up and
get another adult beverage deal with
deal with this for a moment
hey everybody rich yeah you have to
entertain them I'm how what if I want to
get a beverage if you want to get a
beverage I might want to get a beverage
get a beverage - and I'll just keep the
mic so what I have to pee god damn okay
well you know they can they can be they
can be quiet okay and it'll be fine I'm
gonna fight I'm gonna mute you I'll be
fine
okay well then I'm not gonna we're gonna
walk to the bathroom with the headset on
like the cord stretching all the way
over there happy weird don't do that be
ridiculous okay I'll just leave the
Pokemon music on then and we'll be back
and that's ready to tell everyone to be
healthy and stand out while getting an
adult beverage you hear bottle caps yeah
my bottle cap fell on my ground I opened
up here and my bottle cap fell on the
ground it's weird that you heard that
because it was in the other room button
hey that's fine that's fine that's fine
that's fine
okay everybody did everybody stand up
everybody stretch out those legs oh
pardon me pardon me
you biked for a full hour on the
stationery okay that's great I'm not
drinking driving I am at home tonight
that's why rich is that's why rich is uh
calling in rich is calling in I'm at
home tonight so I can drink and play
pokemon with JISC that's staying for a
while that's fine yeah no now we can sit
for another hour it's great
what
yes Tomatoes 1 z space goblin uses
multiple to rolls in space all right hey
what's up
I dropped a bottle camp oh no and and
the the chat heard it apparently which
is we just weird that they could hear it
from the other room but it's a good
microphone sound no fear no everything
wants to know how biscuit is doing
biscuit is fine we're we're going
through a big shedding season right now
because of the season change so just
constantly constantly brushing
constantly brushing I'm sorry it's for
you no it's it's fine it's just one of
those things well you had that thing
though the biscuit thing yeah a while it
feels like a while I have no I have no
sense just cuz we've had them for a
while I don't know if we've had them for
a year yet maybe a year which is 100% of
objectively right about Firewatch you
listen lesbian laser bad on rich is
entitled to his opinion and I'm really
I'm really happy that we this is the the
the glorious thing about video games
because it's a very personal medium rich
and I both played the same thing and
came out with very different experiences
and isn't that great
yep and because we can control our
character we came out with vastly
different experiences I do worry like I
was too much of a jerk but I thought it
was hey I edited it I could have edited
you out and being Cherokee but I thought
it was funny so this is a bit late for
that
okay so
Mankey who has some fighting type to him
just learned an amazing move called low
kick and low kick is a move that hurts a
Pokemon more the heavier they are this
is one of those like the game is
incredibly is very specific about
certain fighting types like usually like
like the simple ones right fire type
beats grass type grass type beats water
type well water type beats fire type the
rock-paper-scissors then you have stuff
like this where as you play the game you
get stats on the Pokemon and you just
learn which Pokemon are heavier so you
know that this one move works really
well against certain Pokemon it's crazy
it's no mega punch I agree it's no mega
punch but what is but what is and I and
and more importantly I'm going up
against a gym leader who has some heavy
pokey man's so actually and you know I'm
gonna buy some stuff before I take him
on cuz I might lose this battle it's
quite possible that I'm gonna lose this
battle oh that's right and there is no
mega punch in this version of the game
oh my god yeah yeah all these things
that I care so much I don't care so much
about them and I know I know you do read
it fills me with joy
I feel great I have a plan folks about
five another potion went by that person
great and Nando great spend my money now
cuz if you lose a Pokemon battle they
take half your money so always important
to spend your money before a battle that
you might lose good advice it's good not
that pokemons oh oh it's it's you know
it's very I know I've tried explaining
it to you before but it's very
satisfying like watching your little
tiny little creatures grow with you come
axion has a new binding of issac
question why are there some rooms with a
single set of spikes do you mean like
spikes that keep you from like going in
a certain area if that's what you mean
you know the rooms are procedurally
generated and so sometimes spikes will
block your path to a treat and then you
know you have to choose whether or not
you want to hurt yourself to get the
treat if that's what you're talking
about come axion or there are some rooms
where spikes seemingly block the path
but then they lower every once in a
while I'm not quite sure what you
talking about what you talking about
come axion yes what you talking about
you don't
dumb luck movement exactly it's like
having kids little deformed kids that
grow up and punch other little deformed
kids that's exactly what pokemons like I
mean the dark rooms with the spikes in
the middle of the room oh those are the
sacrifice rooms do you mean the in the
sacrifice rooms if you hurt yourself
enough times you will randomly get
treasures and so like if you're on a
floor with a ton of hearts go into the
spike rooms hurt yourself over and over
again and then you might get treasures
they are specifically sacrifice rooms
and there's you know a whole way to do
that basically if you if you're good on
lives and you have a bunch of hearts
that are going to waste you go to a
sacrifice room see if you can see if you
can get a treasure you know I got may
you said something I just don't remember
did you ever get your 110 percent in
that I have not yet I got a little I got
a little discouraged because one of my
achievements wasn't popping ah and I
have been doing lost runs every once in
a while but now like crypt of the
necrodancer just came to the Vita so
I've been doing a lot of crypt of the
necrodancer and a couple other games
came to the Vita so I have been slacking
on my binding of issac unfortunately
well you will you never get back to it I
don't know you know I'm sure I will I
usually go back to it
usually lets me house shit this attack
is that active shit yeah mostly come at
night mostly aliens Thurman the way said
usually usually maybe think of new from
aliens come at night mostly yeah you
fuck now Geodude you fuck now
oh I even made you flinch you so in any
case I you know I probably will I know
they're they're submitting now the DLC
to binding of issac to all the consoles
which is just like oh I kind of want
that DLC but I kind of want that hundred
and ten percent first it's always a
whole thing it's a whole thing rich
here's my plane here Pikachu is gonna be
shit against Onix but man keys a little
hard so I switch over to Pikachu use a
potion on man key to get him and
fighting fit and basically then just let
Onix kill Pikachu so manky can come in
and start swinging right away without
Onix getting to hit on him that's my
plan that's that's my super elite
strategy toxic ground-type you might be
a ground table it's just a rock type it
doesn't okay I'm only using lesi then I
knew those questions were coming like
why would I switch over to Pikachu I
only switched over to Pikachu so I could
heal manky without losing a manky turn
jet can I can I be brutal can you be
brutal yeah yeah go ahead is it okay if
I know I mean like genuinely if I'm an
asshole
I mean you know usually do you do you
feel like you're directly taking action
when you do the attacks in Pokemon um do
I feel like I'm directly taking action
yes are you pulling the trigger oh I
like it I like where you're going with
this no no well actually you know what I
kind of do I kind of do feel like I'm
home it's really my kind of do okay so I
feel so removed from any of these texts
you know where rich is going with this
is that was my big that was my baby yes
I am complaining about well sir you know
Furby who didn't see you no that's what
that was my big complain about XCOM is
is I I felt very removed from all of the
action you're the commander you're just
telling the the players where to go and
where to shoot yeah and I don't know
what it is I feel more connected to
these tiny deformed children than to the
soldiers in X come
Lucca could have something to do with
the camera you know here you're always
kind of over the shoulder of the animal
you spent you spend a little more time
with the animal yeah but you're older
over the shoulder our necks calm when
you're when you're picking a target oh
sure but only when you're picking your
target other than that you're removed
but here in battle you are only over the
shoulder look up so that might have
something to do with it or or it just
could be like you know this is it you
know that nostalgia property feeling
where where I've played so much of it
now it's just momentum
but yeah like like I got I just got hit
by that onyx you hit my man key I felt
that hit and that's something I don't
feel when I play ex-con weird so I feel
nothing
well you know what I was playing nothing
oh of course of course that is weird
any just different different players
like different things you know you know
what it might be it might be the the
back and forth of the battle so you know
I get a Pokemon battle it's like I hit
they hit I hit they hit one on one right
but XCOM there's more and like you know
like I got my six soldiers and I got a I
got a place all my six soldiers and then
I hit him in a place and then they then
they move all of their four soldiers and
so there's maybe there's a little bit
more time in between cuz it's like like
this and other JRPGs either side of the
screen you've you've got a picture of
the oh yeah yeah picture the monster
thing fight the monster sure and it's
all fairly abstract we just hit the
button and then the number was changed
well yeah like that you know when when
my man key does his low kick I mean you
know the the sprite doesn't change he
just you know he just Wiggles a little
bit right
rich yeah oh sorry I thought you had
more oh no no oh yeah no no and I I'm
I'm reaching to explain it now and I
don't know if I have a good explanation
besides like I said you know the battles
are a little more straight back and
forth as far as like 'i wanna 1v1 you
versus an enemy you make a move they
make a movie you make a move they make a
move where when you're moving a whole
team it's you make a move and then you
make another move and then you adjust
that move a little bit and then you you
know and so there's there's a couple
more steps in there that might have
something to do with it maybe but those
steps are what make things interesting
and this is just taking terms punching
each other in the face that's a
wonderful way to put it
it is it is but you know it's that it's
that like fine-tuning of your of your
team movement that that's what drew me
out of it I just want to punch people in
the face
but by the way I think that's a really
fair point and I'm glad that you brought
it up that was not a jerk thing to bring
up I'm glad you brought it up it could
have seemed like a jerk thing well you
know if you woulda brought up like will
you know jag
if you don't you know yeah now you I
thought I think that's that's an
appropriate conversation ham because
because seemingly they are similar
what is bide to do Chad I forget no
doesn't matter I'm not gonna give it to
anyone anyway okay hmm
so I Bea Brok thanks to low kick
doot-doot oh yeah go through the rock
cave that's right just a good rock cave
no I have I have extra Pokemon that are
just sitting there I'll give flash to
one of them I'm gonna I'm gonna HM slave
it give him flash and cut and all that
what's the HM Stanfill hidden machine
hidden machine hidden machine and then
TMS are technical machines and they're
differently like I don't know why it's
called a hidden machine but yes and the
animation in most Pokemon games this is
a children's game that has been taken
over by 55 year old technical jargon why
would the hidden machine it just sounds
like something an adult would say well
55 year old men making the Pokemon
strategies they have their own industry
insider terms yeah yeah it's probably
true oh they're saying translation error
could have been a translation error you
know in the original Japanese it was you
know knowledge infuse their device also
they're actually called hidden machine
and technical machine in the game yeah
yeah
oh no that sounded like something of a
crazy obsessed fan base came up with Oh
Oh like it we just called an AJAX yeah
well this is the Pokemon is designed
specifically for the shoes we call her
an ATM machine oh yeah that would be
weird
oh wait wait things are getting real now
okay wait wait wait I gotta read I gotta
read my roles I think this is it I think
this is route where am I
hold on rich it might be happening here
you're Mew glitch thing yeah okay
might be happening where's my town map
here's my time I'll see if you need me
I'll be here playing checkers
you just put you just keep playing
checkers I'm gonna check my new glitch
thing
where's my mucilage thing okay
okay now I can I can get to that I can
get to Cerulean City first okay that is
where I'm heading next okay great route
24 great all right get out of here you
need to clear the bridge first right so
I can take out all these people right I
think
this video which bounces the second
badge the moment you get here you need
to clear the nugget bridge that leads up
to route 24 and that includes that cunt
hole blue do not fight anyone else yet
okay great so I can do I'll go there and
get to the bridge and then I'll keep
reading here we go here we go it's
happening
