"Hoe" Down (Stardew Valley part 1)
March 30, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1iW-Dx5mrI

oh hello what's going on I got started
Valley on some shit I don't know I came
and enriched was playing stardew valley
and we were talking about games fuzzy
yeah let's just play starter value know
why cuz you guys need to see Rich's farm
you need to see his fights impressive to
me it's it's it's it's it's pretty
amazing
oh yeah you got your G oh you got a
plant little plants haven't bothered
decorating the house much I got a whole
rain all day tomorrow which is nice so
you got two days of rain so for two days
you don't need to worry about watering
shit around the mines yeah and see
actually I was hoping I wanted to see
your watering system I'm sure we'll get
to that I'm sure I'm gonna play more
than is everyone seeing everything yeah
they're they're saying he's not married
yet and in year two already
oh no I've been taking my time and not
rushing the marriage thing rich rich has
been I wanted to see all of the holidays
and everything single he's been courting
all the ladies for what it's worth
we're almost there look at that look at
layout look at that one more Hardaway
you can do this rich it this it's it's
an adorable game it's an absolutely
adorable game to bring into the minds
you see some food yeah some food to
build up your health what do you got
just about yeah but bring another thing
just in case you run out of energy
mushrooms mushrooms will starts will
start a Batman vs Superman later later
we'll have like similar to the force
awakens will set aside a couple hours
just to do that just to just to chat
about it in the meantime
I want to say this off of Rich's
recommendation I recently read born what
is born born which is much like
Wolverine origin it's it's kind of an
origin story of the Punisher it's not
the origin we know well everyone knows
like the Punisher his family got killed
and then he started killing people this
is before that when he's in Vietnam for
issues only for issues really fun read
really fun comic read and just about
just about a man who needs a war but a
man who needs to fight yep and it's
great really good read kind of kind of a
kind of guide a little cheese at the end
but we're gonna be fine with it
all right my car's not my cows are
giving milk anymore
oh that one is my chickens aren't
haven't laid the eggs for the last
couple days I've been they've been
eating they've been fed well here
they're happier when they get to feed on
the grass outside they've been outside
they're right in the day cuz it's
raining sure huh
are you petting them every day I'm
petting them you got you got to pet your
chickens every day I'm constantly
petting my chicken always petting his
chicken oh thank you Steve who goes I
played a little more salt and sanctuary
I got some got some fresh produce and
overall enjoying it it's getting a
little repetitive and the boss fights it
fights are a little nuts and the art
style I still just cannot stand I think
it's ugly I think it's ugly as farc but
a fun little game that's salt and
sanctuary fun little 2d darksouls pick
those turnips rich pick those turnips
what well I suppose that plants it now
while it's raining
yeah yeah the other thing I did recently
a recommendation hold on
Lloyd beets have either of you to read
the comic 100 bullets a friend
recommended it and I would love to hear
your thoughts rich very little of it all
right okay and I have not read any of it
but I did before I read born someone on
the Twitter was recommending to me as
Superman comic to kind of get me out of
my Superman funk okay because after you
see Batman vs Superman dawn of Justice
you are in a Superman funk you feel bad
about Superman you feel like you want to
die you feel bad for Superman and you
feel like you want to die and so one I
watched flash and the Supergirl on the
Supergirl episode where the flash comes
to visit Supergirl and it's a super fun
happy time and they're just so excited
to see each other they were they were
happy and they beat up the bad guys and
they ran around and they got ice cream
rich Wow they were smiling and got
getting ice cream it was great they
actually got ice cream was that a slap
in the face to the movie
no I'm serious was that a deliberate
slap in the face of the Zack Snyder
moving why did they do an ice cream
thing because they would never do ice
cream then the same Snyder folks it was
great so the flash goes to Cara's
universe because they're on their own
parallel worlds didn't have our heroes
get ice cream and and it's gonna be
light and fun and he needs fuck Zack
Snyder he needs to prove to Jimmy Olsen
that he is the flat the fastest man
alive and so he quick speed runs out and
gets ice cream for everyone I mean ice
cream and it's great it was so much fun
I like I was smiling during you I mean
you guys finally during a comic book
movie no I know you don't get it man you
don't get that
artistic philosophical darkness that is
Superman
Casey Banner says oh my god I thought I
was having a stroke when I was hearing
your voices but I just had twitch open
in another tab oh well oh if you start
hearing our voices and it's not a Sunday
or Wednesday night then you might have a
problem but you know like it's a cheap
show I I think I called it an immense
amount of schlock and a whole lot of fun
and that's exactly what a comic book
movie or TV show should be it was great
but then someone was recommending to me
a Batman series called Batman grounded
grounded have you heard of this hold on
r.i.p jimmy olsen right right did you
know that Jimmy Olsen where's the good
stuff I usually buy all my comics
through comixology just because I like
digital comics nowadays if I do get a
physical comic I will go to my local
comic book store which for me is co-ack
called collectors edge I don't think
there's I don't think this is a lucky
day for what there's a fortune teller
thing on the news and the TV your house
yeah it's gonna be a lucky day for you
oh that's a lucky day you're gonna find
good things in the mine oh that's an
unlucky day you're gonna find crap oh
but it's raining and I got nothing
better to do right now we're still gonna
explore the mine
do you believe you could do a dark
thematic superhero film with a good
writer and director yeah yes absolutely
whatever the issues I have with Batman
versus Superman there's a fantastic
Batman movie in but there really is it's
the best on-screen Batman agreed agreed
by the way live-action
oh they roll there we go okay so he and
and on that note before I get to the
Superman comic I also just for my own
sake rewatched man
steal just be like maybe there's
something I missed you know like maybe
maybe there's something in Man of Steel
that somehow makes dawn of justice
better and here's what I will say the
first hour of Man of Steel is a really
solid movie and it's a it's a superhero
movie with a serious tone and like
dealing with deep fanatic issues of what
it is to be a hero maybe God image free
wank off the first hour of Man of Steel
if you forget about Krypton because
Krypton is an ugly mess the first hour
where Jonathan Kent Superman's moral
compass until Superman he shouldn't
worry about saving anybody look out for
himself
that's exactly but generally we're in in
Man of Steel Jonathan Kent isn't the
moral compass Russell Crowe is but you
know what all he needs a moral compass
and he's got one and you know what he's
his own moral compass because he keeps
saving people even though even though
Kevin Costner tells not to because you
know why he's just a good guy what does
he save okay the kids in the bus there
they talk about a few saving things that
he does here and they're like the the
people on the oil rig remember the lady
in the bar and they talk about several
like childhood issues where it's like
you gotta stop doing this Clark it's
like it just feels wrong to not help
people when I can help people as I go
okay we're having it we're having a
discussion here we're having a grown-up
discussion right there's a Jonathan Kent
character assassination as well that's
and you know what that's fine if that's
where he's going with the story that's
fine and the problem and then but after
that first hour the movie goes on for
another hour and a half and they
completely fuck it all up
what am I wrong on leftover beefcake you
I'm not wrong on anything I just watch
the movie
you are out of your mind
about what I think I think they saying
I'm out of my mind for defending the
first hour of Man of Steel speaks
volumes idly remember what happened I
was actually getting into it a little
bit because you know it's all about like
to me the first hour of Man of Steel is
a lot like unbreakable where we're like
it was slow and they were taking their
time and actually developing a character
and he just wants to help people right
but you know his dad is like you got to
protect yourself you know if the people
find out who you are they they then
completely fuck it up but there was
something in there there was something
in there so I do think they can do a
seriously toned a superhero comic book
movie I just don't think they've done it
yet Wow
Dark Knight was close yeah is the
question is this Superman the
appropriate place for this and watch at
which point are you doing a you know
where are you going from a different
take on the character to a take that's
so different it's not the same character
where's the line yeah yeah that's a good
question
Tommy Wiseau it's a great horror movie
what a version of Superman where he's
just kind of cold and impartial humanity
and he'll do whatever the fuck he wants
and screw you I'm sure he's a monster in
those movies you know maybe we'll help
you or maybe here maybe shits Mannes
Manistee oh he wants to help people i
maybe maybe
like that was the that was the one
redeeming factor of Superman Returns
do you remember Superman Returns at all
there is one sequence in Superman
Returns remember Brendan Rolf is up in
space and he's hearing all of the cries
for help and then he has that that like
a speech thing with Lois where he's like
I have to choose who to help and that's
like the hardest part of being me it's
like oh there's the one good idea for
Superman he wants to help everyone but I
can't right and I think that's great
that's that's what makes his character
interesting he can't be everywhere at
once but Tommy Wiseau and the one true
God says did you see the reddit post
today where a user made a red little
letter medium model pack on Steam oh I
did see that yes model pack for what for
like Garry's Mod okay okay I made
characters for for Garry's Mod and I
think it's hilarious I'm usually
terrified I will show rich right again I
can't say they're inaccurate but they're
usually not flattering
that's damn fun yeah the first one is
pretty good this damn fine yeah
whereas I going with all this so yeah
the moral of the moral is we should
probably save so this oh sure
well no but you know what I what I
really wanted to talk about what I
started talking about was Superman
grounded yeah
and this is a this is a back to America
Superman this is did you I didn't even
know about this there was something
called New Krypton yeah there was this
big event called New Krypton where like
there was Kryptonians that made a new
planet or some shit or anyway it doesn't
matter so Superman gets done with with
this giant galactic war and comes back
to earth and people of Earth are now
worried because he wasn't around and
they wondered where his allegiances lie
with New Krypton or with earth and so
Superman after an altercation with
someone who died while he was away
decides to walk across America not fly
walk across America okay just talk to
people talk to the simple man maybe deal
with some simple problems and not enough
punch giant monsters and it's a really
good book it's just Superman being a
really good guy in very simple ways you
know a super guy yes he was super Gump
basically and just helping people along
the way there there's some a couple
ridiculous things in there like he does
fight a giant robot at one point but you
know that's fine no I do not ever
rewatch old best of the worst but yeah I
usually watch the episode but I don't
think I've ever watched an episode
there's a the Christmas and Halloween
one oh yeah
maybe I should read watch the Christmas
one it's been a while in any case I
thought it was a really good read and
and it was it was the Superman that that
I want not this not this pouty glum I
don't know what I Superman is a pouty
orphan who's pining for Krypton an alien
world
it just becomes creepy and unrelatable
to me he's potentially a monster yeah
yeah how much to donate to get you
enriched to watch Batman vs Superman
again this weekend you just want to read
Don Wilson stream costs everybody 40
bucks
right right it's nothing it's nothing
Suzanne is in 40 bucks and we'll go
rewatch bad election okay that'll just
be the tickets yeah I don't know
I wouldn't even I wouldn't even mind
rewatching with the batman parts yeah I
suppose no one you know the warehouse
scene oh yeah that's the best
live-action Batman action scene of all
time
mm-hmm it's very good very good he's a
Batman other than well other than
spoilers sure he behaved is the most
like like Batman yes oh shit it's
getting late
oh it's 12 a.m. are damned if you go to
bed after 12 a.m. you get a little
energy hit the next day but if you go to
bed or if you're out and it hits 2:00
a.m. you fall asleep immediately where
you are big energy big energy dump and
you have to pay the corporation money
because they have to carry you home
once yeah I died in the mines and I
already woke up you know lost some items
and some health and then it was late and
I didn't get home in time either so the
knee fell unconscious and lost money
yeah it's terrible the worst is when you
fall asleep right in front of your door
like you know I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna oh crap I only had like dollar two
in my inventory like I lost nothing
I lost a buck what happens if you fall
asleep inside your house do they carry
you to your bed they come into your home
and carry you to bed apparently that's
creepy
that's creepy Ridge we're not talking
about Batman vs Superman yet we will
give everyone the warning and just talk
about Batman and Superman for a while
I'm talking about the Superman grounded
I think that's the Superman comic you
should read that's fun that's a fun
that's like a separate miniseries or a
storyline it's it's along the same
storyline but it's it's its own
self-contained thing and it's it's just
him walking across the country one of
these days you should come to my room
after damn whoa
damn you should come by my room after
dark maybe around 8:00 p.m. I wanna show
you something
damn first of all Abbi you gotta pull
that back girls she's fine I'm all about
Leto
which one's Abby the purple haired one
Abigail Abigail oh okay oh yeah no she's
great she plays video games with you
once come on come on it's not get
carried away saying she's got him she's
got him rich
oh yeah booty calls can be sent by snail
mail absolutely
she's got it's a small town that mail
gets there next day you just you just
got to wait a little bit longer
anticipation about the anticipation
it's called delayed gratification look
it up honestly it's really self
explanatory so no case grounded simple
Superman helping people walking across
the country as a little talk a Batman
has a little talk with the flash while
he's just walking across country cuz
everyone thinks it's crazy for walking
across the country and you know like
right away issue number one even he
deals with some he deals with some deep
shit he deals with some intense shit
personal shit not big you know like it's
not a giant it's not a giant ogre
monster wrecking the city but it's nice
it's nice deep shit it's great Nick so
I'm feeling a lot better about the
Superman that I like I thought I thought
that you know well-hidden he might be
dead I think it's an old comic grounded
I think it's like a couple years old
well
DC if it's DC it's gonna be rebooted in
like two years no matter what happened
punkin shoe says what are you a goddamn
Nazi or something is that elf yours I
don't know why you said that punkin shoe
but I appreciate the tip thank you we
mentioned the Christmas best of the
worst oh that's right
Oh elves oh my god I completely forgot
that elves existed
look at Rich's farm here look at that
look at that sprinkler setup that's
that's key he's on it I need to get the
better sprinklers there's better
sprinklers there's ones that do like 24
squares
really that's great iridium for that I
gotta find a source of ready oh oh yeah
Anonymous has a question for us rich
yeah what do you guys think is the worst
thing about modern shooters our
regenerating health and quick deaths
Call of Duty style I just don't like
that style mmm it's not for me
regenerating health
give me fun things to fight that aren't
just boring human beings mmm-hmm that's
another thing some good enemies I'm I'm
very old-school with my shooters yeah
unapologetically aye aye I think the
thing I can agree with you on the most
is the regenerating health it's no fun
and it and it's really really slows down
the pace of the game because you know
you shoot a couple things you get shot a
couple times just wait games where I
thought it'd work like Jewish very fast
moving though mmm I like it I like a
good health pack
give me a good health pack I don't know
to me more than anything is just just
the enemies just the the art itself is
give me something fun to look at
bet your chickens hatch chickens why do
you only have two chickens Oh
because before this is described I'm
starting to explode with money now
that's right a kind of low in folks okay
get yourself two more chickens and two
more cows just start pumping that shit
out man I'm making so much in crops I
don't give a shit yeah okay
crop empire is second-to-none your crop
empire crap empire your crop is a crap
empire you have a crop higher it's a
crap Empire Empire it's not a crap
higher right my only prediction on Civil
War is I'm going to enjoy it I'm
probably going to enjoy civil see these
characters at each other's throats yeah
this is just speculation on my part like
Captain America's gonna die no that's
gonna suck mmm it's gonna be the feel
bad movie of the Marvel Universe
you think mm-hmm interesting interesting
all right um turtle the wise sob soup
versus bat twice why that's a great
question the second time I walked in
right during the apocalyptic dream scene
it was a much better movie any chance
we'll see X come to this evening
probably not probably gonna do this and
then talk about Batman and oh my god oh
my god bacon Jacobs
I love rlm and now love prereq because
your youtube uploads keep me company
during tedious work days thank you thank
you for watching sorry there wasn't one
today that's actually my fault Rich's
fault completely
have you read Sandman comics yeah coffee
yeah never looked appealing to me I'm
sure I'm wrong that's fine no that's the
one you're supposed to like I also have
never read it I did love Sandman mystery
theatre though which is yeah it's
entirely different Sandman mystery
theatre if I could make a movie out of
any comic book it
you Sandman mystery theatre it's got
that wonderful oh it's beautiful and
it's realistic and it's just got this
little hint of mysticism and I love it
and it's it's a beautiful detective
story and it's just an everyday Joe
Sandman mystery theatre is the comic
book that needs to be made into a movie
or just more comic books have either of
you read the fables comics nope
rich I saw a Batman versus women
recently and I don't know what you were
saying last stream about not being able
to masturbate to it the dark anonymous
says the dark and gritty comic-book
stuff is done perfectly by The Punisher
and Netflix's daredevil yeah I did I
never said that you can't do dark and
gritty with superheroes it works just
fine
for some characters like like Batman and
the partnership by the way rich has
gotten a little further in daredevil
season 2 and the Punisher is is fucking
fantastic
in daredevil season 2 that actor and I
always on bear birth all Boorman whoever
that actor is who's playing The Punisher
is on Fleck
he's great I really enjoy I'm done it is
bleak but I don't care I just don't care
this is what I'm saying now John Baron
Thal Thank You Jon Bernthal is the
Punisher pardon me I thought the whole
season was really good have you I'm
trying to think where you are now four
or five
okay so you're not too far in so I won't
i won't talk about it too much
there are some issues with the season
too the issue is I just want to sit more
Punisher yeah and you will is what I is
I will guarantee you you will see more
Punisher and you will like it he's great
in it
we'll talk we'll talk more daredevil
once once rich sees all of daredevil I
won't say much I love that bit with him
in the hammer there's a very little bit
it's just a small thing that happens I
can't say anything about spoiling it so
I think I know you're talking yeah I
think I know you're talking about
Netflix how much is Netflix a month I
want to say that digital-only is like
eight or ten dollars a month
there's also DVD packages you know like
if you want DVD sent to you but I do
digital only and it's not very expensive
look at that little head lay that
floating head he's great he's great we
have not started Batman vs Superman
spoilers yet we will warn you
we're just playing a little star Valley
Rich's mining up a storm it's raining
there's a lot of rain happening combat
but I need myself some gold ore so $8.99
a month what
for Netflix yes $8.99 a month for
Netflix is what the chat is telling me
in America and just just so worth it um
turtle the wise sorry I started the
soups versus bat combo early convo
earlier
have you read attack on Titan manga just
finished it or the book the girl with
all the gifts got a lot of word it's
about a little zombie girl oh that
sounds fun
I did see attack on Titan the show the
anime show and had a lot of cool aspects
a lot of bad aspects the visual of them
attacking these weird-looking giant
monsters is wonderful run away from bats
run away from bats the girl the girl
with all the gifts gifts sounds of
interesting if it's about a little girl
zombie bats Newt says one strange bond a
strange bun cooking Oh interesting I'd
like for a bat Baz Newt says I'd like
for the DC extended universe movies to
be a multiverse situation eventually a
more fun Batman vs Superman show up who
aren't grim murderous shitheads and then
they have to fight the Zack Snyder
Batman and Superman because they're in a
different universe Snyder has the has
the keys right now he's got the keys to
the car and as long as their movies make
money he's gonna have those keys there's
nothing we can do about it we can only
hope that eventually he gets to make a
Batman movie because that's apparently
what he wants to make and maybe it'll be
good
mavs LP says I have a video I didn't
questioning I work with sports film and
cut down a game to just the plays that
involve the goalie should I stick with
hard cuts between each play or do I
crossfade with special transition the
rest of that question should I stick
with hard cuts between each play or do i
crossfade splat special transmission I
do hard cuts for each camera angle
change but I'm unsure if a hard cut
would be confusing
no III say hard cuts because a lot of
times fades or transitions can look
really cheesy and the hard cut is just
getting to the good stuff as long as you
can signal that the cut is done on
purpose
no one will think it's a mistake and you
know really if you're just showing the
highlights you do hard cuts all the time
you know just to make sure the at like
the thing happening on-screen is
different enough like start you know
like one play you start where the puck
is really far away one play one play you
start where the pucks a little closer
maybe maybe some sort of audience
starting where people on the screen or
relatively in the same position exactly
maybe some sort of audio or musical cue
like if you're cutting to a beat and
then people you know people will get the
jib but I say hard cuts fades fades can
be cheesy never crossfade never
crossfade never crossed they never cross
the fade
you you you only want to use like
special transitions if you are going for
something deliberately cheesy but then
you use those transitions that's like
seven o'clock okay let's see here the
real van rich did you really not know
that Arkham Asylum was named after our
Kumasi choo shit Massachusetts you know
about the Lovecraftian universe jack
shit I know jack shit about Lovecraft so
yes no I had no idea
I know Cthulhu is a name there you go
that's all I need to know bacon Jacobs
rich you are wrong about Sandman comics
rich you get a pizza roll my friend you
are wrong about the Sandman comics that
you haven't read you're wrong about them
you know what I never read them either
you know why they don't look that
interesting they might be great it takes
a ton of different mythology and makes
an interconnective narrative through
time also my space cop is in the mail
great great Begum Jacobs hopefully you
enjoy space cop
Gunther Studios why do these Zack Snyder
movies keep making money it's it's easy
they're banking off of already popular
IPs and he has a striking visual style
yeah that makes for really good trailers
he hates Superman but you know what he
has a striking visual style and he's
working off of already popular IP so bum
bum bum boom anonymous rich I have an
idea for a video game it starts off as a
military realtime strategy game but
during some combat it
switches to a first-person shooter what
do you think sure it's great you know I
love it
great rich loves it he wants to invest
money in it he told me my personal game
studio audit yeah bad yep
yes Zack Snyder has made one movie not
based off of an IP sucker punch I never
saw it did you see it no we got a we got
Donna Dead remake we got the 300 we got
the watchman and we got this soups of
his films the Man of Steel and Batman vs
Superman I have I have only seen 300
Dawn of the Dead remake I actually
didn't see okay yeah yeah and you can
it's nothing it's nothing special
he's from Green Bay did you know he's
he's he he grew up relatively close to
where we currently live does that matter
to you no Jeffrey Dahmer
Oh I've actually been to the hardware
store where he bought like his murderer
into the inside I usually I just had to
get something to the hardware store do
something for the studio you or not you
weren't on a murder sightseeing tour I
went to the hardware store that's great
all right of course J would be the one
to point that out
this is Jeffrey Dahmer's our you know
you can get home
sir if you take the upper path is it
yeah what's that oh me Jack it was a
leap what the fuck are you omec I might
meet him for something they're kind of
rare Oh guys you gotta get around your
bond
yeah the upper path is slightly faster
oh sorry I missed some tips here
do-do-do-do this stay phone fan Oh
distephano 87 Jack with your background
do you enjoy farming sims I run a
restaurant for a living and it's super
stressful but I have often unwound with
management sim games it's weird we
touched on this I am currently editing
our discussion of stardew valley in
which that answer that question will be
answered definitively answered via the
small hint is min that's much turtle the
wise rich what what is it wrong yes the
next question is it wrong that I am
going to see meet the blacks tomorrow
what the fuck is that I honestly have no
idea yeah I'm gonna say yes because it
sounds bad okay I'm leery I'm just leery
and I'm gonna say yes
what is meet the blacks we just drop it
we should probably just drop they think
it's even I don't know I don't know I
don't want to know okay great
and I in the sky on Saturday
I don't even know what I in the sky is
what's here I love movies especially
flock not sure if the former is
exploitation though song is great
Sherlock
everybody loves Sherlock hold on I'm
about to open a URL with a meet the
blacks the black family this is the IMDB
synopsis the black family is getting out
of Chicago in hopes of a better life
after Carl black Mike Epps comes into
some unexpected funds he takes his
family and leaves the hustling lifestyle
behind for something better
Carl his new wife Lorena and son Carl
jr. daughter Ally black and cousin kraut
pack up and move to Beverly Hills
turns out Carl couldn't have picked a
worse time to move they arrive right
around the time of the annual purge when
all crime is legal for 12 hours
what so it's like the purge oh yes I
were it's a it's a comedy it's a comedy
satire on the purge movie okay it's a
black comedy satire about the purge
movies movie like a Wayans movie but I
don't think the Lions have anything to
do with it right okay okay I don't give
a shit should you feel bad
only if you're hurting somebody like if
some or if your patronage is going to
second handedly hurt somebody like if it
like if you eat at a well you're paying
to see like the dog fights
oh yeah that's probably not good but in
general though you're not hurt do
whatever the fuck you want right as long
as you're not paying to see dog fights
or eating at chick-fil-a you should be
fine can't eat a chick-fil-a that's the
rule
wonderful dancing at the festival de
Rome festivals tomorrow Jack this is the
summer with the Spring Festival this
print festivals tomorrow
she better fucking dancer that I show
you down last time watch how many stars
did you have like first month oh yeah
you got no hearts then she knows him
Anna she's into it she invited you in
her room no I have someone else okay uh
did it to do anonymous says is the
Jeffrey Dahmer hardware store the one in
the group Huskies season five when Mike
goes crazy no no I don't believe it's
that one that is a different hardware
store the real van Jack what did you
like more oh the real van you're baiting
me here what did you like more Batman
versus Superman or the flash hangs that
was Supergirl I love the flash as you
guys know I really like the flash show
because I know even though I know it's a
cheap TV show it's a lot of fun and I
really like the actor that plays the
flash he's adorable
and everybody's adorable and it's a fun
show he is he's just adorable would you
say that with a lisp is where I'm
getting at ah I wouldn't say within list
because I want to be serious I want to
be serious when I call this grown man
adorable and as soon as I hurt and I
stopped watching Supergirl after a
couple episodes because I thought it was
a really crap show I actually caught up
on Supergirl just so I could be up on
current events when the flash came so I
caught up on Supergirl
I watched the flash Supergirl episode
and I loved it and I have got so much
fucking for me to do today it's just
like I'm excited to see how you handle
your farming we have yet to see rich
handling the farming I thought I bought
up seeds the last me all season five are
er Varia uh yeah baldur's gate great
what so it was adorable it's super fun
they have a great time together the you
know the villains aren't that great
and everything is cheap and cheesy
looking but it's just fun but it had fun
joy ball yes you didn't leave the show
wanting to kill yourself it's not an
adult's experience if not an adult
experience if you don't leave the
theatre trying to kill don't think you
understand would make something but sure
someone someone was tweeting at me about
that after my snide tweet about Batman
vs Superman like go back go back to your
Saturday morning cartoons great well in
my response to him I think was was
fairly legitimate which was let's be
honest here this is a genre comprised of
grown-ass adults playing dress-up and
pretending they can fly yes I think fun
is an OK thing you could be serious sure
and not like that aside if you're gonna
be serious how about just be a proper
movie being a good movie oh you gotta
get a large milk oh you got a big oh
yeah are you kidding I killed the city
fair not the first time in second place
really and you know what like they give
you the notice a week ahead of time I
just did the grave for the growing
patterns it didn't work out for me
didn't work you know what I only I only
put half my growing stuff in there like
I gave him some milk I even some of like
the stuff i foraged if it was gold star
but what I've learned since 2:00 is I
probably need a more varieties you also
got points for variety oh did you I had
a huge variety everything gold star one
your farm is significantly more
impressive than my farmer I do wish you
had another bee house though because
then you can get more honey
honey look we're working up to these
things slowly can't just rush into honey
and where's your keg I don't have one
yet you don't have a cake yet
I didn't focus on booze jack I'm rich
Evans I did
got me a keg right away I'm gonna make
so much wine my entire fucking field oh
oh you gotta water everything oh my god
this is all day yeah this is all day for
you all these potatoes get him off get
him off Super Mario Brothers to it boink
boink boink yeah I know the and like the
the the best thing about the flash and
Supergirl was oh my God my beans it
competes to it's everything
yes harvest all the things rich was
halfway through the episode I just
started realizing how much I was smiling
and the the the last superhero thing I
saw before that was Batman vs Superman
and I was that was just a perma from and
it's just like oh yeah I remember
enjoying shows that's fun do you
consider this mercy yeah this is my last
farm oh my god you're gonna have so much
Bank this is gonna be insane
yeah you gotta get ready for that
Wednesday when's the fair ones the
spring festival the dance yeah okay good
didn't know if I had to like rush to get
that today oh and by the way in
rewatching Man of Steel I know this is a
question we had about Superman in this
universe he does have x-ray vision okay
okay just to put that out there
he's just a he's just a dumb dumb guy
even though he uses his x-ray vision in
Man of Steel a couple times it's the
thing he has he's just dumb man milk
oh you know I still haven't watched it I
feel terrible you know why cuz that
saves me the time of having a
conversation with you guys in real life
I'll watch that I'll know your thoughts
on it and then we'll talk about
something else when we when we meet up
there asking whether or not the man milk
bit was improvisers scripted I don't I
don't my fort is where they might grow
the script like ten minutes before we
filmed it anyway
favorite ever wasn't technically
improvised it was improvised and I'm
pretty sure the lean end is - Jay were
completely improvised I'm pretty sure no
he could have used his x-ray vision when
he met up with Batman - not just the
wheelchair thing I see you've got some
kryptonite spirit behind your back or
you know if I if I use my x-ray visions
here and here I can see all of the traps
you've laid out weird I guess I'll just
fly instead of walk to you what oh you
only have seven days well there's things
a grown for much near shitload onions
sure I have a greenhouse
somebody's usually in half in the bag
the the little I know about half in the
bag all I mean all of these actual
discussion is 100% off-the-cuff they
like you know just see you guys talking
about the movie usually there's not I
mean as far as my involvement is there's
never been a script discussion oh no I
meant for the the skits script and
things get improvised just go here and
say this thing I mean all you can learn
all you can plan I'm not sure how much I
can plan what movie did I have the
strongest reaction to that's not a bad
question do you remember that like
watching a movie that you had the
strongest reaction to good or bad oh my
god that's all the garlic you think
again yeah you have a big farm yeah you
can grow jazz yeah
Rob Vader 12 wants a Pokemon update from
him so I've defeated Team Rocket in
their underground lair and now I've
finished the the the Pokemon death Tower
and you know calm doll the spirits and
had the Pokemon master gave me the flute
so I'm pretty excited about that
all my Pokemon are at level 30 and I'm
murdering absolutely everyone that I
come across because all my Pokemon are
way overpowered and right now I'm
clearing Team Rocket out of these silk
the sliff building or the silver Swift
building and then I'll take on the
psychic master in the fighting master
and then go
my next step is to remove what's the big
Pokemon that's standing in the way slow
bro or mofo mofo Bilbo Baggins I'm
forgetting what its name it's not Bilbo
Baggins sure it's not oh yeah do you
have any trees I just bought a bunch
oh great no I don't yet oh you should
get some trees they're great crap yeah
oh yeah you're you're good I'm the crop
master you are the crops Noir lacks
thank you everybody's so I can go get
Snorlax but right now I'm gym cleaning
up the Rockets out of ass lifts building
sales building and you know just just
doing it to it I only get like a half
hour of Pokemon in a day and like it's
usually just I play a little bit before
I go to bed so I'm not terribly far I'm
like 19 hours in it so not not terribly
far but just you know it's Pokemon it's
great I still have the same team though
I did I did just evolve my Jigglypuff
into a Wigglytuff because I just learned
rest and that was the move I wanted to
know so now I have a Wigglytuff who is
just a powerhouse I can I can i body
slam rest sing and defense curl so I can
just sing them defense defense defense
body slam and it's just just a goddamn
powerhouse that Wigglytuff really
excited about that so god I got a
Wigglytuff I got my Moo I got a
Charizard who's a Charmander now or no
he's a Charizard now I have a Ivysaur
and I have a Gyarados and my Pikachu and
that's the team that I've had for a long
time and I'm taking that team all the
way all the way to the Elite Four just
because they're awesome
and that's my pokemon sweet 16 you just
give them a sweet 16
there's no sweet 16 there's no sweet
only leave for basketball no we're near
exactly that's that's the Wigglytuff
genius you just you just keep resting
and heal up and then you sing them to do
i what i love Wigglytuff
I love jiggly puff I will stop talking
about pokemon now but you know someone
gave me money to talk about Pokemon so
I'm gonna talk about Pokemon puke dragon
guys cute
dragon but you just suddenly realize
that Pokemon was awful so puke oh my god
what have I been doing with my life by
the way that's a really good question
rich are you're not using fertilizer
yeah but if you use fertilizer you
usually get a higher gold star crop turn
out I'm too busy
I'm too busy raking in cash you know
what rich Tuesday okay uh puke dragon
guys long time rlm fan and recently got
into prereq I was wondering if you gents
have seen you might as well live you
might as well live if not I'd be happy
to send it your way keep up the great
streams what is it
I sort of game neither of us have know I
seen it I think it might be a movie of
some sort
i I don't think we have seen it or heard
of it whatever it is reason for divorced
Pokemon oh my wife is aware of my love
of Pokemon and she has accepted that
about me and you know it's fine
everything's fine I try not to let it
get in the way
do a Pokeball you know just every once
in a while it's like you know you want
to dress up as misty who's misty get
away from me
that's fine that's just what I deal with
oh there it is there's the timer hey
guys guess what time it is it's time to
stand up fucking garlic Jesus Christ
it's been an hour everybody stand up
I'm gonna stand up I don't wear a
wedding band and I will get to that
story in a minute I guess why not why
not stand up it's important stretches
out my knee that's why it's important to
stand up standing up for health for your
health we all stand up
I am such a dad it's great when I stand
up during the streams I feel better oh
that's great
that's great okay and start the next
time great okay wedding band someone has
asked me whether or not I wear a wedding
band as you can see I do not you
probably have seen in some of the videos
you probably have seen me with a wedding
band on I actually own two wedding bands
I know I had one wedding band and I got
it sized
when I was a big fat guy and when I lost
Oh Joe Oh fancy soda when I lost a bunch
of weight it would slip off my finger I
will I lost hand way oh and like
literally if I just you know hung my
hand Boop they would slip off yeah so
then I had to get a new one and I got
its size for my finger and it was
alright and then I started to work out a
little bit and gained a little weight
good weight and now it's too tight for
me and for anyone who has ever bought a
wedding band
they're expensive and so I I might need
a third wedding band right now and also
just my wife is okay with me not wearing
one that's saying you get rings resized
not the rings that I got I know you you
jerk
I know if you sent to something recently
and you're you're wondering if we got it
we probably got it today oh my god I
came into the studio there was a literal
car load of mail just sitting in a
little foyer area mmm it was ridiculous
we somebody
this custom soda which I'm about to try
right now this one's got a picture of
Mike and Jay on the label this is blue
bubble gum sewed up by Jones the guy
who's like a gigantic box
Pirate's Booty which is a great snack
that don't kill rich Evans no I saw that
and also but also like more cashews and
also the refrigerator is full of beer
which is technically no we bought that
or so it came to us not through the mail
oh I know it came through the mail
because the package was mishandled Oh
fortunately they work and what about a
fucking disaster if they were in glass
bottles but somebody's in booze and cans
fortunately and like the package was
just smashed and some of them have
exploded so I opened it up and it just
smells like the spunky stale beer okay
wait rich candy nuts yes I'm horribly
horribly allergic to nuts
yes tastes like bubble gums do I like
smoked meat no not really huge em smoky
flavor
you are an insane person smoked meat is
beautiful I hate him you know this is
why rich Evans can't have snacks look at
this terrible smoked meat is beautiful
ham no ham ham is I don't even know if
you want to call that smoked meat like
real smoked meat like meat from a smoker
like a big thing of pork on the smoker
it's great
rich shakes everything yes that is true
one small ball asks a very important
question that we will answer later
why does Luthor jr. feat a jolly rancher
- another grown man I am wearing a flat
because this is another thing we got in
the mail today somebody sent me a White
Sox cap it's flat brim which is usually
prefer the curvy woman I would conserve
manually bending it are no foul ruin I
don't think it's really intended
infinite it's not really designed
supposed to be a flat brim it works for
you is what I'll say it works for you
honza frosh says you have two options
okay are you ready for this rich either
half the Earth's population just drops
dead indiscriminately or you can save
them all by sacrificing yourself but no
one will ever know what you did you
think I'm not happy about it I can't
stand the heroic sacrifice trope it's my
least favorite great yeah especially
especially in a video game you spend all
that time identifying what the character
and staying alive yeah yeah you say well
game now you're dead
fuck off that's that's that tells me I
can't fucking stand the heroic sacrifice
it sucks uh and you know what I would go
the opposite no because here's why yeah
here's why I'm thinking long-term rich
Evans oh you mean with the question not
killing yourself I would kill half the
Earth's population did indiscriminately
okay okay oh that's what I thought yes
that's fine I would kill half the
Earth's population indiscriminately
because in the long run that will make
the human race last longer where
overpopulation is a real thing
it's nice it's nice when you can
rationalize your your monstrous tendency
my mom yeah yeah absolutely well these
are my two options and you know even if
that means like and of course if you
kill half the population
indiscriminately that could mean you
right that could mean you that could
mean just all your family it doesn't
matter it's indiscriminate I played
x-com that means you definitely yeah and
you know that will that will solve a lot
of problems that will drop global
warming that will open up a ton of jobs
oh my god okay uh tired and sad said
Jack have you were riched watched either
Kevin Smith's or max Landis's review of
Batman V Superman nope
Smith was straining to be positive while
Landis was pretty much played of course
he was Smith she sucks DC's cock I think
he hated it though overall did he yeah
no I think he's upset with him we failed
DC Comics because he convinced his
friend to be Batman he's just upset like
Affleck what were you doing it was a
good move for athlete was great he was
the only good thing in the movie I want
to see this Batman saw the movie I
really do yeah yeah I agree I agree by
the way no and you know I I just I
haven't seen either
I have heard through the grapevine that
Kevin Smith was overall really
disappointed with it
and he was the like I've heard he would
be a phone ahead of apologetics well no
like that was why I heard about it was
even Kevin Smith oh the horrible DC
fanboy is really upset with yes that
that was like the headline you know on
whatever site I was on it was like take
that it's not just Marvel fanboys
everybody hates it
and you know I just no offense to max
landis I just don't pay any attention to
what he does normally I subscribe to his
YouTube channel because I really like
the two long-form videos he did I loved
the his Death of Superman video and I
really liked wrestling isn't wrestling
even though I don't even want wrestling
he makes he every once in a while I make
some good videos but he did is Kevin
Smith did a whole podcast dedicated to
Batman vs Superman podcast oh but like
yeah well he does like 20 podcasts yeah
I think it was on the his Hollywood
podcast I don't know what it was called
but especially shocking that he would do
that oh right right
it's especially shocking that he would
be negative towards the movie that is a
little bit shocking yeah
turtle wise oh wait nope nope shocked ma
kid Summa
no sham kid Summa is is donating money
to not Bend that brim they're meant to
be flat I know you look good in it it
works for you it works for you you can
you could start a rap career it's
exactly what I don't want to do you wit
with the beard and the flat brim hat you
are you could start a rap career turtle
wise turtle though wise two questions
one comment one why no half in the bag
for gods of Egypt because I didn't see
it ask about that right - Jack rich what
was the last movie you saw at home that
you enjoyed like at home specifically
just at home that's what they're saying
that's that's the question at home
specifically that you and that you
enjoyed like for the first time re
washing something it's a very confusing
question I'm gonna say for the first
time well it's a movie that you saw at
home for the first time that you enjoyed
you know the movie a movie I saw at home
not in the theaters that I really
enjoyed was Black Swan really enjoyed
Black Swan recently I saw that
documentary about sword fighting at home
I can't think of any Opera House yeah
that's a very strange question turtle
the wise I don't know the last time I
just watched a movie alone at home yeah
that I hadn't seen before
Ted today's the day of the ranch the
today is the day of the dance rich is
gonna dance with Leia she better fucking
dance with you two p.m. to get that
dance free yeah you're fine you're fine
you're fine
I'm three from turtle DeWyze I want to
talk about Wonder Woman real bad we'll
get doing stick around for a couple
hours we'll get to it we'll get to it
here's what here's what I'll say uh no
spoiler that gal gadot she's a pretty
lady she ain't bad on the old peepers
peepers is it though is it yes okay
three no anonymous rich I'm trying to
keep up here anonymous rich if your
friend jack oh I get it okay if your
friend Jack helped you off a horse
would you help your friend Jack off a
horse no you would not help me off a
horse I would not okay that's fine
that's pretty fair the real V on guys
don't open that mystery box it's too
late it's from Miss katana k--
University which is in Arkham
Massachusetts oh wait rich hates good
things never mind enjoy whatever
squamous horrors where does the term
hate come into that I just haven't read
ship from Lovecraft they know it's 8:00
Jesus
oh I don't believe in Jesus Christ who I
don't believe it I think that makes that
that sentiment have more meaning Apple
side hey Jack I got engaged a couple
months ago how do I not fuck up my
wedding and do you have any tips about
deejay crap I'm full of tips about
deejay crap as I was a wedding DJ and
had a wedding that turned out fairly
successful right horse to the dance
yes wait stop for that Oh crazy my horse
can't jump over weeds oh no you can't
make it to the day oh my god I can't get
over these weeds the oak resin oh yeah
you can be huffing that shit nice um
here's here's what a wedding is a crazy
ego fest party that's all it is you know
you are just literally inviting people
to a party so they can congratulate you
and you need to be comfortable with that
because that's what it's all about and
they want to they love that they want to
go to a party they want to get drunk
they want to eat cake and they want to
congratulate you for getting married
that's all they want so you got to make
that happen right so get some food that
everybody's gonna want to eat have a
have a a free bar got to have a free bar
people love that because then they drink
more and then they have a better time
and you know you and you know I I think
you talked to me about this earlier you
said you were kind of an introvert and
so you're worried about people not
having a good time at the party because
you're an introvert and it's a crazy ego
fest and you got to be okay with that
people are gonna congratulate you you
have to be the life of the party they
are gonna go off of you and your Brides
q so you be the life of the party you be
on the dance floor people are gonna be
on the dance floor
you have to be that's a job you have to
and here's the thing if you want like a
totally chill wedding and no dancing and
no and no party then that's you set the
bar like hey I just want people to you
know hang out and have a good time and
have conversations then you get to set
that bar it's whatever you want but if
you want people dancing you gotta be
dancing and really really the best
advice I can give you is think very hard
about your wedding photographer look at
a couple people make sure their photos
are great that's the only thing that's
gonna matter like if people have a good
time if people have bad times out no one
will remember you will look back on your
pictures I had horrible a horrible
wedding photographer I was it's it's one
of the biggest regrets just of life in
general we had this horrible wedding
photographer we were incredibly busy and
the photographer maybe had an off day we
we knew him he had done other people's
weddings whose stuff we liked and and we
have horrible wedding pictures that we
never looked back on because they're bad
so get a good wedding photographer and
give yourself time that was the other
thing we did lisa's dress was a surprise
for me she wanted me to wait and see it
as she was coming down the aisle which
you know like that was important to her
and that's fine but in hinds
that meant we only had the time between
the ceremony and the wedding to get all
of our photos in and a lot of couples
nowadays are doing pictures before the
ceremony because you get a ton of time
yeah then you do the ceremony and then
you can just you know have fun at the
reception instead of trying to cram in
the photos between the ceremony in the
reception so that's what I'll say to you
don't worry about the dress get your
pictures done take your time you are you
are at nine out of ten heartily I don't
know you did it rich you did it just get
married in Vegas Jack what is your
advice to rich for his wedding I just
have a good time everybody you know that
is the really important part is make
sure you you take some time and you have
a good time at your wedding for example
I did not have any wedding cake so
everyone else were a nice suit but I'm
just gonna dance and my disgusting
farming overalls yeah I do hat do you
own a suit rich never gave me an option
to buy one she likes you in your
overalls you found a girl who accepts
you for who you are rich you don't need
to guess it yourself up for Leia
that's very true man you're always
getting better off you find somebody who
accepts you for that was fun wow that
was so worth wait did you get an extra
heart for that I got Jack ship for that
yeah that's alright you got a dance rich
I got jack shit you got a dance so yeah
I don't know I don't know if that
wedding advice makes any sense good get
a good photographer have fun and you
set the bar for where you want the party
to be and you have an open bar because
people like that it'll cost you a little
bit more money but people like that
people like to I mean I come from a
drinking family if we if if we anyone in
my family went to a wedding without an
open bar we would hear about it for
weeks afterwards just fine oh good
really good ceremony the reception was
at this great place all right let's see
here that was Apple side can you fucking
a crow what Oh got away with one of your
flowers
jerk jerk ass crow hey Jack hey rich
okay can you get rich to do a voicemail
for me sure are you ready for it so rich
this is the voicemail that they want you
to do for them okay ready rich is gonna
do it he was your voicemail hello you've
reached the voicemail of Brayden Watkins
take that over again oh that's problem
Braden there's an e in there yeah Braden
sure why is there an e in there Braden
it could be bradeen actually say bradeen
it's funny okay you want me to say
bri-bri then you have to if I do that
I'm getting it wrong as the joke yeah I
have to deliberately not know how to say
it okay a great Brady by breathing okay
okay here we go hello you've reached the
voicemail of Brady Watkins please leave
a message after the oh my god
oh my god perfect that's great all right
let's see here
