Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 Part 9)
March 20, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfPRC2bysCY

hmm Oh dispatch factory married to be
advised we are enroute to the office hey
getting to the office all right
five right bad rulers don't fall the
copying rotary overs yeah sorry
what sort of product do you use in your
hand I like it fine three married to ten
seven at the office
mostly moose to bed Katz's breeches
favorite Batman the one from the
animated series that's everybody's
favorite Batman yes oh how is that not
everybody's favorite bad best Batman
it's the best Batman
grab something we're missing a ton of
evidence I don't know what the fuck was
that
did you hear that ghost did you hear
that ghost so I did not know can we go
to the coroner's office and try to get
that envelope let's do that I don't
think it's gonna let us because I
haven't seen that yet go watch Batman
the Animated Series and come back and
tell I mean and then you can tell us
that what are they saying someone is
saying I've never seen Batman the
Animated Series Oh what is the best DCAU
Batman because he's probably written a
because they they they're a bit more on
point with his character and like the
Justice League
the animated Justice yeah yeah that was
really good in that show yeah yeah
because it's like the last thing they
did they really knew what they were
fucking doing with Batman at that point
yeah also he's really good in that show
because he's almost never there yeah
Batman just goes no I'm not dealing with
that you deal with him good no watch
yourself some Batman the Animated Series
one just a fun show great Batman show
Kevin Conroy Mark Hamill's the Joker
best batman forever ever ever
but did that hold that hold universe
The Adventures of Superman Batman the
animated series Justice League like that
trifecta with some great stuff yeah yeah
arguably the one in Batman Beyond is
magnificent to the grumpy old one who's
still a badass yeah you know I think
there were some good Batman Beyond stuff
go go to the coroner's office I try that
again do it
get out of here try go there I don't
think it would let me I haven't seen
Batman T mmt or Star Trek I'm a bad nerd
you know yeah you are a bad nerd no if
you're not into those things you're not
into those things I'm gonna see your bed
nerd get around to him
babe but the Fitbit I'm sorry what
it read office my spelling wrong coronor
is the corner in the police station yep
yeah so what are we missing what are we
missing
well we need to get that envelope shard
right do we it wouldn't let me take it
did we want to load and try and get that
envelope he was clutching and I mean I
just want to know what it is the one
thing I don't like about Sierra games is
the the missable stuff yeah a lot of
these games have stuff you can miss you
can you can work yourself into a
dead-end yes oh you're so sorry I did
miss a tip gruff McMillan Terry says why
are you trying to turn over the note
this isn't the order 1886 you know
there's a lot of note turning over and
stuff in Firewatch too you could pick up
stuff and like yeah turn around yeah
it's nice though world-building yeah
look at a picture of you and you and
your crippled wife pick up old books
look at the back side look at the front
side and a tall book world that's great
once nightmare
I don't know what to do do do do do it
dude III don't I don't know what to say
I feel like oh and we're here yeah we
need that known right okay something I
did see them say in the chat earlier you
see a corner of an envelope do we need
to say look at corner look at corner of
envelope grab corner of envelope
this other bullshit that right there is
other bullshit and that's that
I think this like that that's the worst
kind oh yeah the corner of the envelope
but you can't say grab the envelope you
know why it's not a whole level of it's
just a quarter of an envelope so you
can't grab the whole light bulb so how
dare you I said grab the fucking
envelope we called it an envelope fuck
that
okay okay remember remember before how
we're talking about like the the good
side and the bad side of the point and
clicks yep that's it nope oh well that's
probably who that is right bill Cole's
seven five three hold on
dub dub dub dub dub kool seven just to
some degree I think the problem with
Sierra is they wanted you to use their
1-800 number no I'm serious
you really think I'm serious yeah
bullshit look just because I'm annoyed
at one puzzle does not mean I have given
up on life right
I believe that when these kind of games
are done right when they're done right
they're far better than pointing clicks
that's my personal opinion that I know
everyone else disagrees with and I don't
care and you know what I will go ahead
and agree with you I think when you run
into some situation like this though
it's tough like that's a tough dude not
to do it did we get all the other
samples and stuff too soon aimless
Corsair said one of the things that
makes Batman the Animated Series awesome
is that despite being largely marketed
to kids it didn't patronize them yeah
the stories were great and that's why it
still holds up absolutely the stories
were great they were weird they were
dark it was a slow show
all right I've already got the blood
which I'm assuming means already got
everything else okay okay
I've got Batman in my basement I don't
remember the time that Batman used
penguins poisoned hummingbirds to stab
an emu remember which do you remember
when Batman used penguins poison
hummingbirds to stab an emu yes yes I do
that specifically and is that true is
that a Batman the Animated Series
invented Harley Quinn yeah oh yeah
that's true yeah that's great she was
based on actress that I think the Wonder
did the voice that what's his name the
writer knew I'm trying to blink on his
fucking name one of the big writers in
that show I don't know I don't know
stuff like that writers and Oh mr. J but
no he was he was friends with the
actress too the voice you wrote the part
for her oh yeah that's great Paul Dini
Paul Dini yep Paul Dini
I do know that they are responsible for
the reinvention of mr. Frese yes yeah
or possibly invention of mr. freeze
right because wasn't it just captain
cold before then no it was mr. freeze
just lame definitely it definitely needs
a blu-ray release the off switch says I
watched your FTL stream and you've done
your Irish ancestors proud the sins of
your father have been atoned okay
because of your FTL no pause run and you
know what rich I'll go ahead and agree
yeah and my anti ancestry read where I I
said ancestry is bullshit absolutely the
you you have secured your place in
Valhalla because of your FTL no pause
absolutely there's a great run it was
just great fucking run
captain cold wasn't Megaman there was a
captain there's the flesh I think flash
fights captain cold he's in Quebec
captain Cole - but he's in the DC
Universe
he's a DC villain sure but he's not
there was mr. freeze he was a thing he
existed he was he was on the 60 show I
think Captain cold with no that was mr.
freeze I was mr. freeze yes that was mr.
fucking freeze okay did you get all the
shit I saved
I saved you saved yep great I don't
think the Irish are allowed into
Valhalla well it's because no no Irish
has yet to do an FTL no pause run that's
why I dare you you know Sonny some
crazies are trying to ban smoking but
you know it doesn't bother you does it
I'm Sonny buns and know what that does
not bother Sonny buttons let me click on
no thanks pie and people are crazy
smoking that smoking cleared up so many
of my problems get that get that healthy
get that smoke deep into your lungs yeah
I was having a some some slight erectile
dysfunction I started smoking now it's
like bonus city up in here it's like I
can't even I got 10 20 it's a no station
what their notes cut off oh yeah okay
what was the address where we going do
you dress on the envelope oh yeah why
not write a fuck not seven five three
third Street
spelled out it was spelled out yeah I'll
advise a dispatch dispatch 5-3 Mary to
will responding to at a 7 5 3 3rd Street
for follow-up 5 3 Mary - rolling - 7 5 3
3rd Street full of 1 8 7 follow-up I
think maybe we may be getting somewhere
partner you and me together solving this
case I'm helping
don't you think Platinum we better watch
our butts when we get that oh because
I've done detective work on this case -
sure it's a we better watch out
I hope this lead isn't a dead end for us
for us you and me partner partners and
solving crimes don't you think don't you
think fun is a very much partner when I
talk about us
dispatch Factory Mary - uh well 75 33rd
Street we're here we're here we're both
investigating ten-four dispatch coffees
done nine two seven seven five three
third Street what do you mean my little
notebook is hilarious I love my notebook
I need a new one though cuz it broke and
broke we're in the fucking lot at the
snugglers in that's a great name for it
in isn't it the snugglers in Murray told
me all about this place
look at in I look but it doesn't hold my
interest big and dummy looks like it man
man at the window what's this voice
gonna be who's gonna do it and what's
the voice gonna be
I've been doing a lot so if you want to
pick one you can I mean I looked just
like a big dumb man so what can I do for
you yeah you know oh maybe you give him
a Fargo oh hey no for you hey there hey
there how you doing there yes officer
how can I help you I'm getting that
getting a bit there oh this you're
getting sky can't do Fargo yeah hey hey
guess what time is it's time to stand up
it's clearly Dan Wilson
you know that's I'm fine with that I
offer work or can I do for y'all for ask
about was the name Cole okay bill Cole
see it's time to stand up for anyone
who's interested in in standing up to
stand up every hour yeah here we are I
William William Cole rule 101 oh wait
that's the key
I don't care Queen England dark I got an
obligation to my customers you know on
my lawyer and there ain't nobody gettin
any key oh damn look at door
yes sir what can I do for you ask him
out keep working rent room I'm sorry
says well we have any vacancies I said I
said that I said that threatened man
with gun and we need a warrant problem
what is it what does the manual say
about a situation like this
do-do-do-do-do let's see here
this is room 108 open door felony arrest
procedures
these are locked I'm right behind your
partner you just go in there first
though and I'll stay here behind the car
well protected behind the bulletproof
car let's see here there's a homicide
investigation procedures yeah well I'll
read that read that was assumed initiate
the investigative process the detective
must have reason to believe a crime has
been committed by one or more of the
following a personal observation
statement or when a statement statements
of witness conclusive and/or
circumstantial evidence so we have some
circumstantial evidence that a crime has
committed there okay
assess the situation use extreme caution
during initial investigation be on the
alert for possible life-threatening
situations be ready to take appropriate
action then we have check vital signs if
doubtful but you know that doesn't
gather evidence search the surrounding
area recognize out of place unusual or
damaged items take photos as soon as
possible look at the bushes
Oh what water can you like I see the
curtains are drawn right like can you
like look in window with the curtains
drawn well I'm just you know it might
give us a clue to what we need to do
someone's going to call the cops if you
keep looking through the windows like
that good let him call the cops
hmmm I did flash my badge at this dollar
conduct interviews identify yourself as
a police officer sure man mug shot oh
there you go there you go
oh yeah I looks vaguely familiar I
believe his name was William cool his
room 108
aha Baines is using the name Cole okay
to ask about room or wait
oh wait what you said ask men to ask me
into pen door yeah yeah there you go
you're not close enough
what do you mean I'm right in this face
you're are close enough to the door that
would be stupid
uh didn't we just go through the whole
corner thing rich there was a whole
corner thing remember that one I need to
get the key from this man right
oh wow they're in now show badge now ask
for key like maybe you have to do Apple
water and already showing just okay all
right just I didn't know if it was one
of those like radio for a weren't we
need a warrant maybe we needed Nora
someone is saying maybe try knocking on
the door here's what's gonna happen
yeah yeah I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna
tell you what's gonna happen okay
I'm going to get shot through the door
think yeah I think that's what's gonna
get you safe I'll say it again save just
save right now just in case that would
be great oh you think he's there he
might be okay well he can't be there
he's kidnapping your lady and not put
the one response okay okay come Hannon
balls we can can't kick her in the balls
he's behind that glass I'm trying to use
the radio I did Jesus I know where we
going where we get out but we don't have
anything new to report Sonny we mean we
don't have anything new to report we
know we know the alias of the man we're
looking for
yeah that doesn't seem relevant maybe
it's just me and me not being a very
good detective but that doesn't seem
relevant Oh God
here why don't you go upstairs try not
gonna know the neighbors doors that's
what I would do if I was the cop in this
situation confirm the identity of the
demean to try to try it
no and this is something else I hate
what happened
use radio didn't do anything use radios
we have the report but called dispatch
Oh
be advised the system worked you know
the search warrant coming your way that
was kind of awful
you know something sometimes it requires
the puzzles require a very specific
logic
oh yeah well a buddy boy let's get this
busy a show on the road huh why would we
want to do that we're waiting for the
worid to show up yeah that's what I'm
sayin
all right we're getting out oh hell oh
my god that was incredibly quick her
search warrant though Sonny got your got
your search warrant
yeah shut up and give me the worid
where's your car thanks Jake you you
walked here wait
are you walking back did you know the
flash work for the Linton Police
Department he's a simple forensics
investigator by day in the flash by day
also oh you have to you have to say yeah
you have to ask for key and then he's
given the warrant okay
key
am i spelling it wrong what
but I don't have the word did you get
them weren't who have the warrant hold
on hold on we're gonna we're gonna get
to the bottom we're gonna get to the fun
wait what who that's your warrant is
only good for singing about cherry pie
oh he's coming your way
let's rock and roll all night and also
potty every day I paced back and forth
Beijing oh hey hey this I took me so
long
he's a search warrant sunny oh did you
not get the warrant from them pretty
sure I did Thanks it's not my snot on my
and gun x-ray I'm a clip keyring
unmarked car keys money clip thank you
letter death threat wallet handcuffs new
mug shot old mug shot envelope corner
vial of blood in your LPD business card
what
look okay so talk to him and try to get
the key from them again and maybe it'll
just prompt it search warrant all right
okay okay no yeah I don't know what what
y'all
yeah okay I go oh hold on now it's
official
it's all official like now and I can
give you the key I had to make you go
through all that whole rigmarole that's
what it's called rigmarole that's the
official Oh our old words okay give me a
key all right anyway you say officer get
cheese just to make sure I already have
it
let me is it in my thing motel key yes I
have it Wow everything's everything's
coming up bonds it's probably lots of
evidence in there let me get my kid yes
and save the game get shot second I open
that door it does say to be very careful
I mean you did knock so I know you're
coming all right I do have the gun right
your gun you should still handgun yep
handgun is that right draw your gun not
again
what look at door what use they're
saying maybe use motel key I'm okay
motel key you have to boot you because
you have several keys use multi-drug gun
first then use motel key or use motel
key first a sudden explosion that door
opens I am startled by a sudden
explosion oh geez this is a proper
improper positioning I have been blasted
into oblivion improper position somebody
have to be to the side of the door I was
right about trouble though I'm proud of
that
the discharge of a firearm at any person
will be done only in a life-threatening
situations a police officer may use a
firearm only in self-defense when
assaulted with a deadly weapon any more
off to the side not close enough last
time
the door opens I'm startled by a sudden
explosion trained reflexes throw me back
slamming my gun hand against the wall
that was too close for comfort I say to
myself look at door the door to room
what a weight is in sad shape look in
room peek around corner no okay you just
have to go in
is the little culprit sunny I'll take it
out to the con run the numbers I was
like an automatically placed shotgun yep
there's a booby trap shit
is there a procedure for clearing a room
there's felony arrest procedures but no
not for clearing your room I see a duck
stain on the carpet check the bathroom
good idea look around back then I look
around the empty bathroom I see a
typical bathroom fixtures a sink a
toilet a shower at a mirror
right okay put away gun put away gun
lower gun put gun in holster I have no
reason apparently I don't keep your gun
out there look at stain there is a dark
stain on the carpet yep you have your
kit
use drop a camera take pictures they
take a picture and return the camera to
my field kit
no no points for that by the way did you
just say use camera I did I just said
use camera on stain well I guess instead
of the camera I'll use my camera I'm
going to use my eye trapper what that
makes more sense
I have hand Lexi oh my hand does things
that my brain didn't tell it to do come
on take pictures of room like I feel
like you should have pictures of the
whole research bed get in bed
take pants off call and call in the maid
I hope with the draw and look inside I
find an envelope with a corner to turn
off boom
Woodrow Roberts five five five six Oak
Street in City USA now I can finally get
the fucking envelope you Adel bitch boom
say examine the envelope I compare with
a piece of paper found on Roberts and I
made a mistake they match I didn't I
didn't powder the envelope you know what
that's what that's what that's what this
is for they go they go
you can do this rich you can do this
all right
I didn't know how I got there well
take picture wait take a pictures first
I've taken out of the room maybe yep
that's so weird this is where we were
okay boom that's true maybe perhaps
Keith should have dusted that shotgun
for prints you should have who's Keith's
an idiot okay that was processing we
can't holster our gun knowledge junkie
it won't let us holster our gun yet
dun dun dun
come on what I just want to take
fingerprints obsessed all I want to do
that's what cops do right we take
fingerprints I want to be a cop what's
under the bed day under bed
let me try it from somewhere else okay
let's do it all around the bed don't see
anything from here don't step in the
blood
don't say anything from here there is a
tube of lipstick under the bed that's
fine it's fine the label reads pink
rapture by Donna Lee cosmetics this is
the same brand that Marie uses I think
oh no dun dun dun and a shotgun has once
on it from the from a local boy glory we
can contact burglary division for more
information I did I helped look at that
Sonny I called and I helped don't wither
I'm gonna go get me a lollipop man I
just gonna be great suck on a lollipop
it's gonna be like my treat for helping
in the investigation look fine in the
picture yeah I look at the painting and
think not bad for a print look at Jim
Baines must have used this chair for the
booby trap boobie nothing special just a
normal TV chained to the wall it's a
wonderful city that wonderful city
Cinque Dillon and a mirror I don't think
I would have find anything here or else
I think there would be a like a room
thing would pop up but in the bathroom
yeah yeah oh yeah there'd be a there'd
be a fight anything interests I'm just
gonna assume there's nothing that's
probably a mistake yeah rich is gonna go
to the bathroom you can you mean
actually if you want what if you want
you can take over what and and fuck us
all the help nope
I'm gonna shoot my pot I'm gonna shoot
Keith
buuut Keith I'm not sure what you want
me to do
how's everybody doing I love rich do
this they say this is like this is more
richest thing than my thing you guys see
some he's some he's better at this
oh I did I did set the stand up timer
we've already stood up once and we're
due to stand up again in about 20
minutes or so
well stools will swell we stand up in oh
I know what do we have left here we have
about 25 minutes left 24 minutes left we
we tried holster weapon and it just they
won't let us here I will yeah I will try
that holster weapon holster Oh whoopsie
not health holster holster gun holster
weapon weapon pond nope nope can't we
just cannot put it see watch it yeah put
gun anyway you have no read we have no
reason to put our gun away right
it's a handgun holster Keith okay let's
see what happens there holster Keith
now that's not working shoot Keith don't
be so violent nope
put gun in Keith nope nope that's not
gonna work of course we had a reason to
draw though you know we were going into
an unknown location and we had reason to
believe that our murder suspect was
inside the hotel room we definitely we
definitely had reason to draw our gun
hood gun in mouth now we have no reason
to do that you know why we have a full
life to live in an investigation we've
we've been trying many different things
to put our gun away and none of it's
working
hmm yeah did you do anything that would
fuck us fresh my saver no nothing I did
try to shoot Keith and that's it oh
they're saying this right they're saying
try to put say they're saying put away a
handgun what we're gonna space what did
you do st. Bob's goes berserk shooting
spree stuns
I'll write to you and happy Meadows
thanks for playing
please quest to next time calm down I'm
down remove gun D gun they're saying a
holster handgun
we tried that and they're also saying FA
to my work oh there we go okay Lu Dave
oh yeah gut Hey
yeah you lookin at me you looking at me
are you looking at me
hey you looking at me you talking to me
talking to me okay
what's rock and roll
oh good sink huh what why don't you give
me a little room where I can see these
things we looking at the dial to the
chat so you know looking at the tiled
sink I see what appears to be a business
card that's bunk that's bunker Roni
baloney I know it's not gonna let me but
I have to never the processor how word
processing get Cod pick up the card look
at Cod Colby Colby's business Cod found
in Bane's motel room Oh who's Colby
arrow great look at the toilet look at
look around sink toilet and shower and a
mirror look at mere use powder and
mirror maybe maybe he maybe beds touched
himself
now we're processing
oh my god you have to look at the back
of the card you're right
I'll do that I'll do that okay search
okay back of the card is blank then I
said business turn it well it says blank
belly yeah it's in this plane yep use
toilet rub balls on Keith okay great
oh my god did we look in the toilet tank
we had to do that and I was trying to do
that okay hey look what it doesn't hold
my interest okay I'm going to assume
that's everything I've been wrong many
times yep yep dr. Keith what do you have
to say about this bail I'm right behind
you partner yeah yeah I said I like it
when you go first because then they
shoot at you and not at me and I like
that about our us being partners like
what just happened with that door then
yeah that's why I stayed back behind the
bulletproof car you know pretty safe
place to be sheep in my field get the
truck yes yes that's really tedious yep
yep yep but they want you to feel like
an actual police officer
yeah that's the whole procedure that's
the whole idea
cinnamon is asking us to please return
the motel key you you dudes aren't gonna
get away with this you're gonna you're
gonna pay for that damage oh my fuck him
use lipstick on man I have no reason to
do that there you go alright cuz I'm a
cop I do as I please what I please do it
yeah oh my god the real van has a very
important question let's say question
was there anything in the envelope nope
wait look at you look Jeff
can killer Woodrow rabbits nope okay no
good that was good that was good
thinking
nice thinking nice thing ice thinking
hold on a second well gee I'm like I'm
Way over here by the door just a key
gotta walk out walking see I was walking
towards the car and we're getting ready
to leave you could you could have
anticipated something for what's your
life I don't I don't like moving unless
absolutely necessary
I don't want to waste any energy you
know actually what makes you a good
partner believe it in that you get the
hell out of my way
the bonds way yeah all right call a
report calling report yeah at dispatch
at 10:20 is he's the situation oh shit
man there's a shotgun and a blip on the
door to my Looney Tunes up in here and
shit it was crazy
well buddy boy we got a we got a nothing
new to report anything new to report
something make sure we're doing
everything we need to do here yeah
that's cool something feels something
feels unfinished yeah
my brains telling me we're not done
Julie called this batch we even put the
situation then you know no it's not
doing that should I should I keep
looking around
hey what buddy boy that's uh is there
more of these there stuff in the hotel
room that we maybe I saw someone earlier
in the chat say we should look under the
pillows I mean you need you tried
searching the bed right and we didn't
look behind the painting
okay well you're just
okay okay hmm hmm are you sure we don't
have to like go to the other hotel rooms
why would we talk to people see if they
saw or heard anything you know it's like
police work eh yeah you ever hear any
strange noises coming from that yeah I
heard I had some really strange noises
it sounded almost as if he was hooking
up a contraption to a shotgun it's crazy
I mean who would have a do it out I
thought that's like Looney Tunes
rhythmic military but it's these guys
that are fun to watch
I think normal people would be boring to
watch playing these games
one thing about Jack and rich not normal
we are not normal no no yeah yeah by mm
not but no one responds okay okay and
okay wait now what happens we keep
coming this way nothing you'd be a
blocked there's an invisible wall it's
just very very neural passageway this
this hotel is just constructed all wrong
okay we've done our due diligence are we
done
I have no I do I always worry about
missing something in this earring of
course I'm going always check the
bathroom we check the toilet tank yeah
you looked in the shower you looked in
the sink and that's where you got the
business card right I throw it away if I
get search behind mirror I'll try that
chat we tried searching bushes already
Irbid verben okay over there wondering
if you can open the mirror like a
medicine cabinet no okay
this it's a hotel mirror so it's not
like a home medicine cabinet the only
thing in the drawer was Lee and whole
back covers I'll try that no I don't
know what you want me to do yeah look at
him sheets get in bed no you can't get
that
I think we're done I think do you need
to like call for backup or anything like
you'd think so yeah like there's no gun
just shot a door open there should be
like some people there investing you
know like the the CSI unit should be
there call CSI enhance enhance enhance
enhance why do they think they missed
something because noir a lot of a lot of
these cases we've gotten in the car
afterwards we use dispatch and there
were some kind of message like well we
put another thing and we found this we
found that and we're we're on our way
off now this is just said there's
nothing to report
which to me says we're missing something
mm-hmm possibly just this guy you know
has a great suggestion he wants us to
eat plant that's a that's a callback
it's a callback to my space quest stream
where I did not know what to do
something involving the lipstick they're
saying
I tried that before right using the pot
around the lipstick I believe you did
before you picked it up yeah yeah that's
right
no Keith conserves his energy he's he's
he's he doesn't move until he's told to
move look at him oh oh where you going
over there you're gonna win it okay he
going
did you like inspect all of that area
with the table and chair and all the
wires and shit nothing I have a thing
nothing I'm thought a bit smeared
lipstick all over your face
stare wordlessly at Keith I love it go
to Keith's house check on Keith's wife
yeah yeah
yay oh you see a pulley mounted under
the table it was part of the booby
trapped look at pulley I smell all right
I don't why just why the booby trap
consists of shotgun cable and pulleys it
was nearly a deadly combination as I
look at the mechanism that nearly cost
me my life I think bangs you heartless
red
nope alright alright I'm kind of
convinced we're done okay I have I have
no I have no no reason to think anything
or anything we did try to interview the
neighbors and no one is in any of the
other motel rooms we knocked on all the
other doors and no one answered yes we
still need to talk to the burglary unit
five five five six oak street yeah what
was that what was the name on that
envelope again woody Roberts five five
five six oak
