XCOMmunicable disease (Part 2)
February 17, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEi2wf-EZuk

just too long on the windows I know my
force is under strength can't hear you
roots I can't hear you what Brad
Bradford was talking to me but I don't
know what he was saying bullshit
he's Bradford fucking Bradford was it I
you know the commander gets taken out of
commission Bradford's in charge what
happens what aliens take over the earth
that's what happens when Bradford's in
charge am i right satori omission in the
first game
Bradford's in charge because you can't
make any year on decisions everyone dies
except for one person everyone dies your
scientists and top engineer say yeah
it'd probably be a really good idea to
try and capture one of the aliens alive
Bradford just can't understand the
tactical value of value of capturing a
live alien just like leverage that makes
no sense why would you want to do that
then they're just like Shen engineer
Chen's just like awkwardly like you know
what he's thinking well we could have
Tara gate them for information you're a
military man you should know this right
hey you know I I can feel it in his head
that Ash Ennis if he feels like he's
talking to a child we could we can
interrogate the alien we hope you don't
know this all right here we go
is this is this the the stuff that gives
me a permanent armor upgrade no
experimental arm around what the fuck
spider suit maybe what's your go-to your
research well this is this is my that's
your just something different go to
research
I click on the name at the bottom oh
sure I guess I could do that
how's research and research alright I
just want to see what your house oh
that's the only research that I have
right now
well I think you have to stop the shadow
project so you're not researching Irma
right now no I'm doing the shadow okay
no the and the by the way in change
research all like this is the only thing
I have to research no you would have to
cancel your shadow private go to the
cheddar chamber chamber this interrupts
any kind of normal resource Oh what it's
like I'm this like a main story research
I want armor may not sure I've never
stopped us before it's only got six days
you're gonna wait it out just wait it
out I need to wait for my shit to heal
anyway I knew soldier oh that's right
maybe I can maybe I can promote you find
what is Bradford Jeff I have no idea
because you are in charge of edge scum
Brad Bradford is your cold did you
coffee no easier Colby smolders he's
your number one he's that he's your
Maria Hill
lightning hands like that Lenin hand
this is what happens when Bradford's
insurance we're scavenging for every
supply we can get AUSA the support of
the council classic Bradford whoa
classic Bradford news oh just some good
cheese you you need the the advanced
warfare center you just need it what are
you gonna rebuild stuff
well yeah I'm building a room right now
seven days to build a room good you have
an empty space so I got a lots of empty
space
well then I'll cleared out no nothing to
build I'm seven days to clear this room
up what are you building
oh you're clearing then I'm clearing
that I got my defence matrix that was my
only fought one UFO but I really thought
that would happen more often yeah so my
defence matrix right away I got a power
relay because you need a power really
proving grounds you need that gorilla
tech school you need that resistance
comms you really need that I probably
didn't need the defense matrix I built
that a little too soon I just got done
building the resistance come and I
really should have got that a lot sooner
but you know we needed the power thing
guerrilla tactics cool you know you need
this helps proving ground yeah you know
what oh I mean what else do you build we
gotta build this stuff have have I
gotten used to this game work I'm loving
the game now yeah yeah I I described it
earlier like like like coming home from
from work and Europe your wife or
girlfriend you know you expect a nice
hug but the said she punches you in the
face yeah yeah that was that was the
initial oh my god but then it just
turned into really great rough sex it's
turning a great makeup she was just
trying out a new thing
I need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers do we wanna hear all these guys
look the same you you look different
jars clack you're recruited some people
are into that rich well I'm not don't
punch me in the face yes kiss kissing a
hog blood just like what do we need we
need more ranges boom arranger alright
here's what we're gonna do I still hate
the time oh I've gotten used to it they
were I can understand what they wanted
to do they wanted to shake up the the
most effective strategy from the last
game which was to take your time right
overwatch don't move up too far be
cautious take your time and they wanted
to shake that up I think I think
arguably at least at least maybe
definitely on the the earlier
difficulties come on and I'm like I'm
playing veteran veteran iron man okay
and I want to go there I think I've
failed one or two missions because of
the timer maybe maybe maybe like what
you say they won't even take much
there's like one or two extra turns and
make that all the difference in the
world because I can't tell you how many
times I've made it out on the last term
mm-hmm the ones the ones were if you
don't get out all of your team gets
captured those are those are fucking
nail-biting experiences
I had one that really pissed me off I
was actually doing decently it was one
of those uh you know rescue the guy and
get out for twelve terms and I had
everybody ready to to get out and you
know or we're in the roof only because
of the firefight I had near the roof I
know six fires going on and by the time
I had everybody one tur away from going
into the extraction points like the
floor and the building collapsed and
they the extraction point was like
nullified it moved halfway across the
map I had two terms to get halfway
across the map I got one guy it really
pissed me off
story story is that the chat bear strong
says I read preacher this week because
of you guys talking about it one of your
blood-borne strangers oh man what a trip
yeah preachers Nathan made says here's
two dollars for going back to the last
wheel the worst and injecting jello SFX
blood and soft silicone into the losing
tapes all the blown up at the most
powerful rifle in state lazy hacks
here's two dollars for going back to the
last wheel of the worst and injecting
jello SFX blood and soft silicone into
the losing tape and to blow it up at the
most powerful rifle in the state sure
but it won well we could have done that
total we could have done that to another
thing we made those files
codex I might be able to recover them or
blow the entire ship to hell this time
around I didn't say I needed the
creature here Brett I am conference Tory
have provided your soldiers and get
closer so the without destroy elders
that would get arranged need human DNA
to keep from dying out killing tens of
thousands of people
it looks like now you need to skull jack
one of those glitchy things
oh oh okay cool okay so now we can
change research so what gives me the
good armor oh um oh you must have
already researched it well here's what I
hear you're gonna go to engineering
build items build items sorry okay
armor armor there you go
you need more supplies this one is the
red one this is the good armor yes oh
okay
and once I buy this everybody gets it
yes well fuck well then yeah we're
getting more supplies it's like the you
know it's kind of nice cuz the last game
you had to build each like weapon and
armor individually yeah and that's what
I was assuming happened this time and so
I was like oh I guess I'll just build
one pistol give it to my sniper and
worry about it later and then I'll send
all my snipers not that pissed and I was
like Jeff they had to because supplies
are short than this kind of like I
really actually like that yeah they went
all in on the resistance theming yes
okay change research we're still
researching a lead gen oh you're a Shen
is so shady of doctor what's his pants
over there
delirium delirium Co oh that's right
the proving grounds what do we need here
what do we want what do we want
don't don't underestimate mo organize
what I what I do like and I do some
things I do like it I don't mind yeah I
do I be the like the experimental ambos
you get the problem is whichever what
there's like multiple different
varieties of ammo it's like poison ammo
yes fire ammo that sets things on fire
there's extra crit chance ammo which I'm
trying to get from my fucking shotgun er
I got a one game it wasn't the first
thing I got I'm trying to get at this
game I'm going through now it just won't
come out cuz it's random every time you
do this oh yeah knowin I got I got I
think I got the extra crit chance ammo
and I just never use it put it on put it
on a shotgun oh yeah put on a shotgun
derp flanked and you will fucking kill
things you know what is maybe it's not
the extra crop gun beats the fuck out of
me stupid ass sword oh good everybody's
healed now every but look at this
everybody's healed now next next next
mission is gonna be a Doozer all right
we got a I'm gonna choose a project here
bill heck up I always forget which what
it is every single time I see that name
you remember you remember I don't yeah
bill don't laugh I'm doing I am doing it
right yeah you got it
every time I think I'm going to correct
myself I do it wrong I think bill the
heck away time to get that wrong it's
building oh wait no I was right the
first every time all right except for
this time this is hey guys just got my
tax refunds bonus and an escrow refund
check so here's a whopping ten dollars
as a thank you barely bend it all in one
place PS thanks about hey maybe visiting
Milwaukee for no reason mmm it's a
terrible city terrible terrible city
should go to Vegas really that's the
best place to spend your money just go
to Vegas no summer warm yeah
oh I just don't have the funds don't
have the funds for an advanced warfare
Center by the way I'm not going to be
playing this game tonight because I
don't want to get jack germs jack germs
just all over all of this stuff I've
been washing my hands constantly these
are fresh clothes I showered before I
came I'm wearing a mask to keep my germs
away from rich since you've told me
about the germs I've had this
psychosomatic sore throat thing going on
you're crazy I know I am I know I am
because you're good it would be insane
for me to start getting symptoms that
quick ladies yeah what I have learned
from Oh what I have learned from best of
the worst the guy who played bill and
blood debts was the same guy who got
stabbed through the mouth by a katana in
ninja warriors love your show and 1000
thank you you said one thousand thank
yous and for like a brief moment I
thought okay was that one thousand
dollar donation was that one does that
money met by what oh oh I will take the
one thousand thank you thank you thank
you and thank you and thank you for the
$2 I'm just kidding
we appreciate it I'll rent you a
horrible jerk somebody says black market
for the arm oh oh sure I get supplies to
the black market
I hate selling anything I just which is
another good thing one of the cheese
strategies in the original wine voice
you just sell fucking everything to buy
the satellite so you can do the
satellite rush sure this one you might
regret selling things cuz like all these
things you can buy like some of them use
corpses lyrium cores they use they use
all this junk you're acquiring sure sure
okay here it is the super armor instant
build
at this point at this point I didn't
actually think it's a running joke that
the middle armors fucking looks like
shit alright somebody says something in
the game either somebody says it or it's
in the description that it might not
look the best but sure this predator
barber might look rough
you like the flashbang grenades on well
I don't want to spend my money there cuz
now now I have the money to build they
make up for oh that's good that's
fucking beautiful just beautiful now we
have the money to build the oh no we
have insufficient power now can you
upgrade you can upgrade a power thing I
need another engineer well you can
there's a flutter upgrade that should
give you like some more power I'm not
sure how much sure though that might be
costing you probably can't afford it oh
you can no I can afford the upgrade but
and then I couldn't afford the room but
I suppose upgrade now yeah upgrade now
and then I'll be able to afford the room
later I'm gonna tell you something I
didn't learn right away you know yeah
the workshop the workshop there's
something called a workshop and if you
have an engineer staffing the workshop
you get to gremlins and drones that work
as two engineers but they only work with
the adjacent things like what's above
and below and left right of you oh but I
put one like the dead center and then
you get like the power up top because
you always want an engineer in power
anyway yeah one in the resistance come
and then you can upgrade it and you can
shove two engineers in the workshop but
you get four of those drones so you can
powerful you know 40 everything's right
you need
stretches your engineering resources
sure okay now we need a new research
did you try what I strat an experimental
grade okay cuz now especially that all
my people will have an extra slot again
they can hold some extra grenades great
okay plasma Lord Belmont says as for
another mysterious creepy case have you
heard of the tullman shud case in 1949 a
man was found dead on Somerton Beach in
I can't I'm horrible with names animal
no wait
Adelaide Adelaide Australia it's
extremely fascinating something about
that seems vaguely familiar
I don't know Australia all was actually
involved man at an airport knowledge and
there was an issue because he had a
passport for a country that didn't exist
and he could point out in a map work
should have been but you know it wasn't
there on the map I think they detained
him they put him in like a room you know
fishy going on and then the next day he
was gone
that is weird
that is weird okay we've done we've done
all the things we're supposed to do okay
my keyboard mouse setup here is a little
unbalanced British super into conspiracy
theories not really I do find this is as
fiction like creepy stories interesting
that's right I don't believe there was a
man from an alternate dimension in a
country that exists an alternate
timeline who ended up in ours for a day
I don't believe that but it's a fun
story mm-hmm get off of this I don't
want that third oh yeah thing a thing
popped up on your Windows 10 I don't
understand Windows 10 I don't I think my
thumb hit the start button oh that's
right that goofy start thing came up
it's goofy I don't like what we got the
Codex brain coordinates I can't get
there yet Oh a Supply Drop that's what
we need
y-drop doo doo doo doo supply drop them
get more supplies than we can build
advanced warfare center dude dude dude
dude Oh Anna guerilla targets rich would
totally be an SCP nerd some vaguely
vaguely related to creepypastas think of
it like think of it like things you
would find in the the warehouse where
they put the Lost Ark and oh what else
what else of a hiding some most of them
are terrible I've read a few really
interesting ones and there's a lot of
crap sure who another scientists that
would be nice
it's the day-night dynamic still used in
XCOM to know and that wasn't that wasn't
that wasn't that was in the 1993 XCOM
button it wasn't I don't think it was in
the EU one I don't think they picked
maps based on what day or what am living
I was day or night though maps were day
or night I never even thought about that
it didn't make any difference to
gameplay anyway in classic XCOM you
could choose when you went on the
mission and like time but if you ended
up there at night
visibility was shit no how much do we
need Intel I don't know I feel like I
haven't used any Intel you can buy
things in the black market
I can tell you use those when you open
up new areas you need a certain amount
of Intel the sure to find where the you
know rebels are located cuz like you
know right now we could really use some
supplies but I'm getting supplies
already but this one has an extra
mission you get 201 supplies that well
that's what I'm saying we have to choose
between that getting 87 Intel or getting
a scientist do the supplies yeah all
right I missed a donation earlier bad
Milo says rich you are great lawyers
will the works fantastic episode
are there some free Sega games on Steam
right now oh also there are some free
Sega games on Steam right now Jack get
well Stu's get well soon get Wells to
get well Stu spacecataz great
here are two thank-yous lol fuck my cock
thank you Lord Belmont says no that's
not the same case I won't talk about
them but that sounds really interesting
the Talman shut case is about a man that
died on that beach and it's mystery on
top of mystery there's even a cipher
never cracked yeah I know I'm just
talking about something completely
different with the passport guy I did
hear about the cipher case though when
you mentioned cypher cipher that made it
all click I've heard of that I don't
remember any of the details but I've
heard of it
nothing's have been interesting because
now I can actually bring along another
item and not give up my grenade stasis
vests regains help stasis rest that's
awesome
I don't even have that yeah it's a thing
you can get got my grenade sculpture or
tell about so those are the ones I want
right there yep town runs expand once
the timer gets penetrated causing great
internal no no you want these the tracer
rounds tracer rounds grandpa no no
that's aim yeah come on a shotgun go
close you don't need a you'd you need
anything a modifies damage it's good oh
yeah yeah then yeah then what you want
is you want to get up close shoot
explode some guts it's basically it's
like prairie dogs I don't want your
Ranger to be like he's hunting Prairie
doc absolutely every time every time I
shoot somebody with my rager now oh how
aliens aliens just going horrible just
joined why is Jack wearing that he's
making a fashion statement of a very
important fashion statement he's joining
a friend and it's part of his initiation
listen you gotta wear this Cooper mask
all that mmm
that's definitely
I don't need you because I think I have
my it is you're shaken available you
know I got my high Grenadier now this is
no this is a difficult mission so I
probably want to bring my spooky
porkchop spooky forward that's what
that's when I was going with my whole I
had a whole I had this whole plan I had
this whole plan for my finger where I
was gonna give all of my people skull
face paint and called them all spooky
and it got it got ruined this is a
spooky porkchop house in original this
is spooky pork jab oh I get an
additional slot now - that's right
he's gonna be jack you need a Grenadier
that's what I'm how many do you have
oh I'm good I'm removing so my I think
I'm gonna remove I mean go back to your
like if you discovered what you can do
in the gorilla training center wait a
man do you have rookies oh yeah turn a
rocky automatic yeah okay oh yeah I
could see you don't have any workers
yeah okay good good yeah but I have I
have two more Grenadier but you know you
not have sign yep sigh sigh sigh
operatives no I don't have anything do
an autopsy on the sector and then that
will unlock research for psionics yeah
you let sciatic research and then you
can build a psionic treating say oh and
I can't already
I just haven't cuz I haven't had the
resources well you at first you wanted
me to build the warfare thing you need
to do so many things this is you can't
do them all it's kind of great I'm very
excited great
I'm very early in the game
we Maxim one grenade her soldier kid out
of here how much would it take to get
Jack to draw something stupid on his
basket not very much
what do you mean draw something stupid
it's all something stupid on your master
they want they just draw a dick how much
would it take to get to draw me a judge
the draw to get me to draw a dick on
your mask or something silly whatever I
don't care
I have another mass with me so I I will
draw something and where that other mask
whoever donates what will you drop from
so summation no they should know what
they're getting
wait what what what are you drunk you
know don't say I'll draw anything isn't
exciting who did you write something
horrible right
so you had me yet me I think specific
like big chemical lips kissy face sure
sure
we're gonna let get like three options I
I will draw must be a dick
no dick drawing aloud on Twitch I don't
know that's true I don't know if that's
true but you could drop two circles in
the rod yeah I could make a dish come on
I can make it you just be a very bad
looking at tally me yeah you know Oh
endorse Trump there dick but dick
buttons getting so many commas I don't
know what a dick butt is dick butts a
reddit thing ok dick but seems to be the
clear winner ok yeah a fast Widow if you
want me to draw I will draw and put a
dick foot on my mask and where the dick
butt mask for the rest of the stream for
20 bucks your call 20 bucks 20 bucks 20
bucks what about sorry dick button
that's what you got
do I does not have the supplies
answers now
jack is low balling his low volume
that's what I put out there oh my big
butt on my face that's not not going to
do me no harm
Jack they want to know what difficulty
you're playing Oh rookie this is Jack's
first XCOM this is literally my first X
oh you know what we played a I played a
little bit with Rick I played through
Jack yeah a few hours our - this is ours
my very first time playing an X go I've
wanted to come out but last week a week
yeah I've got 79 hours in it right now
79 oh you're my Healey I had I had one
late-game squad white that was so
devastating I didn't have it in me to
keep playing the game
yeah I could have tried to muscle
through with some rookies but it's like
do you really care about what happens in
the Avengers moving after the Avengers
all dying and they're like replaced with
with like the defenders or something
right let the new guys we're taking over
two-thirds of the way through the movie
you came at us now right yeah I was like
I couldn't do it I couldn't do it
because I lost everyone
you're the you're the specialist I want
and the fact that I had a late-game
squad wife business um this time through
the game is going a lot smoother so
Austin Technicolor says Jack have you
seen the new Funny or Die faked
made-for-tv movie about donald trump
starring Johnny Depp
I thought it was pretty clever and
Depp's trump impersonation was pretty
spot-on
hi I have not seen it I've been I've
been looking forward to see it but I I
have not personally watched it yet just
because I haven't had the time but look
it does look very funny I'm gonna read
the rest of the subscriber later because
I want to read this one right now though
I'm just gonna put this guy to the front
of you and do it here lol oh fuck my
cock thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate nice yeah
I approval approval you do have the
torture on I do have to drop it it's
right there it's on the laptop so it
might be hard to see it's had a
nightmare suddenly this is the part of
XCOM where it's like this might not be
good to stream but this is this is the
part that makes I think XCOM worth it is
is the preparation it's making sure that
every single one of your soldiers has
all of their things perfectly you know
like you lay it all out
have you played around much with a scout
that's usually what my Ranger does okay
but now my specialist just got the thing
where her thing is he has he's a larger
rings cuz who you who you bring can
change depending upon position time
mm-hmm
like if it's something where I know I'm
gonna have to be mobile like the rescue
the VIP and get out in 12 turns yeah
maybe I don't bring a squad side slipper
hmm is there gonna be hanging back we're
always gonna be on the move
yeah
and I got two heavies - snipers how I am
scroll Wilson there's something right
over okay sorry I got two heavies two
snipers a ranger and a specialist and I
think I'm going to swap out one of my
snipers for my heel specialist just cuz
that's what I like more oh I am
unfamiliar this is an issue saying the
disorder nineteen eighteen eighty six
part to twitch upload is still gone from
your YouTube channel any news on that I
even know I don't even know there was
something gone from our YouTube channel
known I think I checked into that before
I I don't think there is a part two is
the thing is that just one big part I
think like there was a part one and then
like part two was a different game I'm
not sure I'll look in today if it ends
we know how that story ended because it
was glorious we end up the game yeah so
I don't know
I didn't know there was something going
so it's news to me
his gangster
you can't watch your stream of call of
duty on YouTube in the u.s. oh yeah me
and maybe that that could be a thing
with disorder too is we I mean several
of our videos have been flagged for
Content ID we haven't had a strike
against this yet but many of them have
been flagged for Content ID because they
contain content whatever yeah but and so
that could be the problem is you might
not be able to watch it if you're you
know doing something else that's stupid
you know it is what it is there is a
whole there's a whole big new kerfuffle
about old YouTube business which is you
know copyright owners taking down videos
and even if their fair use they're
taking them down and they don't care
it's it's just YouTube has the right to
take down any video of a but also
essentially a monopoly they are but they
can take down whatever videos they want
and more importantly more often than not
YouTube will you know the the big thing
people complain about is that they
YouTube favors the copyright holder you
know like any anyone can make a claim
against any video and that videos
immediately shut down while the claim
gets results basically halting any
profit that would be made from that
video during the claimants process right
yeah but the reason YouTube sides with
the claimant is because they are more
apt to side with say the corporations
that are giving them ad money than the
users who say use ad blocker I think a
lot of the stems from adblock
and be the they're losing revenue yeah
from adblock and unfortunately it's the
content creators who I was just tweeting
about fair use cuz everyone is all up on
YouTube's ass again and this is all
YouTube can do because the because the
user base keeps shutting down the system
adblock is horrible for YouTube it it
what do you think has turned like
YouTube red
the whole reason YouTube has a paid
service now is to get rid of those users
who are using Apple yeah they had a
great system in mind but then people
started using adblock and that turned
the whole thing flippy-floppy
and the creators are the ones who suffer
and unfortunately
he's the last bit of this yeah you know
that it's fine rather here's the really
unfortunate news but it's very very true
creators YouTube content creators are
the least part of this variable we are
the least important thing about YouTube
because anyone can upload anything
mm-hmm for every video for every view
that a great video that is a harsh
criticism of a movie gets there are
there are ten more views for a cat video
for every great criticism of a song
there are hundred more views for a music
video yeah uploaded by Taylor Swift
we are nothing to you - yeah and we're
replaceable yeah because the next
generation of kids who don't care about
money because they're young are gonna be
making videos Bahat behind us we are
disposable and replaceable and so
unfortunately we don't factor in yeah
to the YouTube system it's an only Jeff
you have drug Big Brother anonymous says
here's a donation so Jack and by all the
cold medicines nothing else
get well soon wait us think nothing else
but another it is a $20 donation sure
now here's another one
no Jack notices dude says not for dick
but but because I feel guilty for the
depraved entertainment that I got out of
the last wheel of the worst shove it up
your ass you sick fucks close to $20 or
more 25 in the jack notice these dudes
case well there you go none of them
specifically say you need to draw dick
but right I think that morally you
should draw a dick but oh yeah all I all
I said was that uh oh yeah and you know
what I got on my youtube brand here
mm-hmm
and I forgot I want to ditch one of
these snipers
ham has more abilities and has death
nabob and face off with your life also
if you don't like somebody's abilities
if you have that advanced warfare center
you can retrain them oh they're out of
commission for like ten days or
something like that while the retraining
but you can do it and so do I take you
know like ham has death from above which
I want because you know me I love
getting up on rubes and face off they're
both in but if I take bacon you know we
could level on which i think is more
important get that level up bonus yeah I
think I'll take bacon bacon also with
the I've mentioned you get the the bonus
skills yeah I had a sniper who just got
the most useless fucking sniper is about
skill mm-hmm after you kill an enemy you
can move one more time
oh my sniper who's not gonna be moving
oh that's great right now every time I
make a like last kill with my snipers
was the next turn starting I gotta wait
around because I forgot oh yeah wants me
to move the sniper click and turn okay I
think this one you can't even you can't
even like reload it just want you to
move no I don't want to move why would I
want to move the sniper it makes no
sense here we go here we go this is the
one I want you're the one that I want
you are the one I'm honey the one that I
want you are the one I want all right
you need a med kit where's my med kit
there's the med kit
which now that we know you've had sex
how much for a rich Evan the sex tape I
am a gentleman and I would never filled
that
I'm a gentleman also a scholar
okay now I got the makings of a team
over here
I mean when you look like me it really
has to be your personality it just has
to be wait was that going on a mission
where am I how did I end up here
what what happened was that going on a
mission you should here go oh yeah yeah
I was going my grill ops mission that's
what I was doing
yeah for supplies go oh see sometimes we
get a little bit of this how much to
never release your sex tape $1,000 okay
here we go all right hold on I need to
draw a dick but
jack is not arguing with me about my
self-depreciation because he is X comic
and that that takes your brain
collecting Donna saying rich don't know
if you if I got a chance to tell you I
finished far escape and I loved it
still waiting for the movie from Netflix
though our screen first games great
I thought it was your giant cock rich
you can't just you can't just start by
waving that out that's night that should
never be your opening move that makes
you a that makes you like a a sex
predator that's whipping out your day so
just yeah hey well just walk up to it
hey that's okay it's a thing shaped like
a dick
with a dick coming out of its butt I say
I understand
these things have like a ridges on it's
gonna be a little difficult
did I ever play any of the vogue squad
or games I think I played a bit of the
first one and I thought it was crap
because I was used to tie fighter and
compared to tie fighter Rogue Squadron
is just boring our Katy bullshit that's
fine if you like it wasn't for me it
wasn't for me
I'm trying addicted
yeah you you you draw your dick but you
draw right and true
hard part is getting to they're coming
out of his bar damn rich do you enjoy
anything that's not manga sure XCOM I
just talked about loving tie-fighter
clean on your god damn yours
rich-rich loves many games but you know
he's talking about the special special
okay see if this business showed up
might not have been a great idea cuz
nominee Hawking
I'm going to leave the room why would it
show up backwards the camera isn't a
mirror
and now I have a big coin on oh that's
great
thanks common Sharpie fumes as I write
this is gonna be great let's see it's an
experiment to see how Sharpie fumes
improves your tactical thinking ability
all right let's go on they're saying
that's a respectable different good
thank you
I don't have many I don't have much
artistic talent
dickbutt motherfucker all right grill
ops mission here we go beginning mission
I'm gonna do something that I do at the
beginning of every mission which is save
in case I lose everyone in the house to
save scum I'm gonna try not to because
you know that would be embarrassing me
neutralize all targets secure and
protect the trains never to go okay so
this is one of those things where it's
not on a timer but they will be
destroying something so there is a time
yeah usually you can deal with it's
pretty easily though because all you
need them you just need to have them to
be firing at you I had one where they're
just you know they're doing massive
damage to it yeah and then at some point
that just kind of forgot about it and
like wandered away from the transmitter
it was like several turns were they
didn't take any damage they eventually
got it I filled up Oh were they did they
find you like where you'd noticed well
the ones that were shooting it didn't
notice me I was really occupied
elsewhere on the map but what have a
crashing crashed yeah
it crashed like it's once I turned down
my graphical settings from high to
medium yeah I had one one crash and
that's like I said very nearly eighty
hours of the game so the only problem is
where is it gonna where's where's my
last save because who knows when I saved
last I think Iron Man is pretty good
about me doing constant saves we'll see
we'll see yeah I'm gonna send you a
crash report dude dude dude there's my
desktop nothing to it so anything
embarrassing on my desktop no blue
crayon says the landing craft crashed
they want me to ask you what your
favorite episode of Lost is pilot
undoubtedly the pilot the pilot episode
of Lost is one of the greatest shows on
television okay
the pilot episode is so good it even
kept me going through the bad parts of
lost when lost got bad for like a season
and a half which it really did that
pilot episode had enough momentum to
carry me through it getting bad it's
also somebody saying there was a
performance patch this morning that
helped a lot calm so great I will
double-check my graphical settings to
make sure they are on the lowest because
I believe they are I've not been able to
play it today but I'm certainly going to
play minimal I can't go any luck
I can't go any lower its Mac it's a
hackintosh you're playing it on a
hackett I'm it is it is available on the
Mac I meet the system requirements I I'm
just saying I'm just saying are you
playing the Mac version yeah oh no man
I'm playing the Mac version I'm it's
available for the Mac I meet the system
requirements I have alright alright this
is like my fourth or fifth crash well
minimal settings yeah theoretically I
would like to experience no crashes I
did this when did I do that save
I should probably go to this saving
oh you're not playing Ironman that's
right uh what are the times 1016 sever
the one you want that one oh this is
1024 this is 1016 Theon the one down
there is 950 7 p.m. you want the 1016
that's the later one what's the problem
read the oh you're looking up here I was
looking down here no oh yeah 1016 ok
great
we still lost a lot of time I feel down
there was time in game Oh what time it
was in game sure yeah
ok sure it's so weird me not to play
Ironman I'm not criticizing first time
you play XCOM it shouldn't be there man
it's just it's second nature to babe
it's just weird ok so where am I this is
the only rough part it's like I don't
know what I was doing there
oh I'm back over here oh yeah once I do
the Supply Drop and then I'm gonna get
cold on a gorilla shit what's gonna
happen but that happens randomly so I
might not be called on a girl or a shit
anymore
playing here man I would not notice that
happens Randy well yeah you get so many
a mission every night I mean I'm on
there or whatever ok let's see here
nice humblebrag rich I wasn't trying to
Humble brag look I've got a thousand
hours of XCOM 13 Intel or scientists if
it was an engineer I'd go for the
engineer I'd love to have an extra
engineer let's see I'm gonna go for the
164 supplies back to the US of A he's
out at Africa
oh by the way um better call Saul yeah
if you want I haven't even seen breaking
that neither of I'm or you know I saw
like the first couple of episodes of
Breaking Bad and did much care for it
and so I never watched the rest of it my
wife watched all of it loved it as as
everyone else in the world apparently
but I saw a couple episodes of better
call Saul she was amazing when did Bob
Odenkirk become the best actor when he
started let's call salt
well you know because he's on seas oh
you didn't see season one a Fargo either
no oh my like he's on Fargo he's I'm
better call Saul and he is amazing now
watch very little TV which do you like X
come to more than EU /cw uh probably
I'll say this I'll say this I once just
uh
actually a couple days ago I went back
to you he W just just to see and it felt
simplistic and to me with it enemy with
it yeah it felt simplistic really yeah
there are some things I like about euw
more I my ALW specifically I miss my
mech soldiers okay if you haven't played
the original enemy within no you know
the expansion put your fingers in your
ears for the next 30 seconds i I kind of
not I missed the base invasion mister
that was that was probably my favorite
XCOM thing ever but no no I'm general
really love it too
dick
and I do think just just from an
artistic perspective said this earlier
I'll say two Ganga's people are always
wondering in certain extreme early me I
like the originals alien designs better
across the board I think the design just
visually not gameplay was definitely not
gameplay wise but visually everything on
the enemy side looks worse I don't I
don't like the look of the new sector I
don't like to look at the new mutant I
don't like that we do flying unit which
may or may not be a floater I don't like
them as much as the they old floaters I
don't like the fact that most of the
enemies in this are just generic
humanoid soldiers yes yeah I definitely
I miss a map filled with aliens to kill
as the codes to a map filled with
generic human looking guys who are
technically like some kind of hybrids
and I'm like you aliens scattered about
in the first one the very first aliens
that you that you confront are the tiny
little big-headed sex toys and those are
those guys great those are great enemies
okay but gameplay was I think this one's
more interesting okay
the enemies aren't afraid they have
moves that will just fuck your shit
oh I had I had one the next time - I had
one snake you know they did that poison
attack I had the classic classic XCOM
mistake i am i revealed aliens on my
last move and everyone was pretty
clustered together right
I had one fucking snake man he killed
like three troops with poison because he
poisoned everybody because they weren't
close together and they were I had some
squaddies and rookies on the team and
they did not survive between the poison
and the panic and panic and running back
into the poison sure they died it was
horrible
I'm sorry sorry okay then thinman are
not it though I think the spokesperson
guy might be not an enemy type
technically the snake bed are they yes
they implied that in the first game so
that's not a spoiler the original the
original 19 1993 XCOM
head snake man you they didn't use snake
men but they kind of implied that the
thin man who used to be
you know they'd flat out they explicitly
say yeah they've shed the human exterior
now that just snakes
