Bonds, Sonny Bonds (Police Quest 2 part 1)
March 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0p8Q0SImsE

oh I know nothing oh you're personally
you're partially green screened what are
you doing we started the stream for this
ship yeah you mean you said you were
ready to go you said you were ready to
go yes I'm not tell me to stop no okay
change one thing here so I got such a
tea better DOSBox is doing weird things
to my dual monitor here yes don't forget
actually hop out of DOSBox for a second
and make sure that the OBS volume is
down I didn't and the game what do you
want to do to the game blame
that's pretty dumb okay double-check the
mixer I didn't set that before we went
but I'll double-check it that's great I
see you rich my mic is super low how's
my mic that low it'll be fine it'll be
fine there we go I fixed it I fix it
everybody it's okay everything's okay
okay
I fixed it thank you chat for telling me
my mic was super low cuz it was it was
it was it was high
welcome everybody to destroy everybody
stream the streaming of the streams
everybody streaming all the all the
streams all the time everywhere I
everything's fine is it no thank you for
falling over and I hate it I hate it I'm
sorry I am genuinely sorry that sounds
great I just need you to find this guy's
picture in the manual so we could start
the stream that's all that's all I need
I found it in the manual but there's no
um I couldn't find the name I have the
manual right here but there's all these
pictures but no name no names standing
the pictures so I found his picture his
picture is right there
and there's no name to it zero say you
feel me what does one do hold on I got
assumed that maybe they blocked it out
for copyright reasons in a game that's
30 years old I don't know that could be
well I'm I will I will double check
something else I will look it up rich
don't worry here it is I found it maybe
I got a rich doing you sure I got it
because I know from GOG I've got all
this stuff in a fold around here
somewhere oh sure I'm gonna find that
folder which is riveting screaming how
about that ghostbusters we're just gonna
have the fucking Wayne oh sure
the trailer was really bad the movie
looks really bad it's probably gonna be
it's another pointless rewrite that's
what that's what there is to save and
like that theme theme is great any hoes
great 30 years ago it's still great now
any hope I had of it being a decent
movies it was and by the way just a bad
trailer you were wrong to have that
whole I you know yes I was that one
wasn't really hope but it I was leaving
open the opportunity you were wrong
leaving of course I was wrong but I was
leaving open the opportunity and it
could it could have been good and it's
not but it could have been I think no of
course it could have it could have been
you know you don't remake Casablanca
you should remain Casablanca you remake
something that was kind of bad to begin
with but that had potential that's the
movie you remake I think I found it
no I did not
see where the names yours doesn't have
names either
coz I'm gonna do is go on us weird how
do you find the names are they seeing
this not this okay see that's what I had
open well some one of the chat is
probably found the name you think
you know what if I just said enter where
is it yes any mind you'll need to do
better there and the game closed itself
oh snap
great snap this is why you do prefer
work somebody's saying well I assume
that the manual that's supposed to have
this information would have this
information yeah baby that was stupid
we have the manual and it says to look
at the manual for the information and
it's not in there so someone saying
Jones well it's gonna be a different
name now because the game closed itself
okay yeah here we go okay here that
hotness
what that's it oh that's horrifying
that's horrifying oh my god hold on
someone just gave us a tip hold on
anonymous now that you have a 3ds so
you're gonna stream Majora's Mask since
the version doesn't have an ugly
character model for link maybe we now we
now have a 3ds my 3s came I tweeted this
my 3ds with the capture card came the
very day that I was here complaining
that it hadn't come yet it was waiting
for me when I got home and by the way I
tested it out and it's it's like a
little USB connection and it is lagless
capture one year is bad since detective
city bonds exceptionally brought Jesse
Baines the Death Angel to justice my
world of rapid drugs and open violence
the world he controlled so well has been
silenced
now his veins whatever as the memory of
this animals slowly fades the city of
Lytton once again lives in the peace and
serenity of its best officer Sonny bonds
B has been promoted to the position of
homicide detective today begins with me
writing for another routine work day or
so it seems
Oh James Oh Oh hold on Jones this Jones
but someone also gave us a URL which I
think has this oh yeah hey Jones fuckin
sweet now we can actually fucking real
properly start thank you whoever sent us
that Santa is that alright that's not my
screen is missing Oh oh my god 25 thing
which is bad oh there yeah we're gonna
need that there's information up there
yes okay how do we fix this that's
picture size is that in here yeah
no no no no no that's just the way it
wants to display that's just the way it
great
friggin there we go let's do it let's do
it
all the time so what am i doing look
around to the menu on my TV is in my way
yeah behind I'm behind the will of my
personal car Marie that's the prostitute
I married at the end of the last game
talked me into trading in my sports car
for this sensible compact model stupid
wife already I already regret this
marriage what the hell am i doing that a
whore tell me what kind of drive a nice
manly car before and I'm driving this
sissy vehicle I'm happy because she lets
me stick it in places I didn't think she
would that's a great the one advantage
to marrying a prostitute you can put it
anywhere literally any way
hey baby bring that elbow over here mmm
you ever had a woman sneeze come on your
balls I have it wasn't as nice as I
thought it would be quite frankly what
it why did you think it would be nice
why don't you think that would be nice
that's weird how do I get his car yes
yes let me make sure the keys are out of
the ignition that would be wise the text
isn't severe I take the keys for my
ignition so that was a smart thing to do
I got a point for that it made a noise
yeah there you go
I'm uh-oh they can see it all like they
can see the topic no good my Ken yeah
you guys can see it you guys can see
everything you guys can see everything
that were saying so can't see text well
there is no text right now so yeah you
can see everything we can see so there
is no text we can't see the text boxes
Oh Oh er wait in the glove compartment
you see hold on let's see if this shows
up hold on hold on I'm I'm waiting
why wouldn't I well you can see him type
then he looks in the glove box and then
why the hell would that not display I
have no idea yeah you guys cannot see
the text boxes that's weird
what the fuck that's really weird I
can't even understand that yeah yeah
does that show up are we gonna have to
do a thing where where we will see we
have to just watch it small and do a
screen capture we can do that we've done
that before I think I think that's how
we had to play it last time you just do
a screen capture like that disable vsync
ah you have a solution yes I have a
janky solution rich has a janky xela
good oh yeah it shows up when it's
little that's weird that is so weird
so just do a screen capture and oh
that's this is janky solution yeah oh my
god nope nope go back there go back to
the way it was we're gonna fix this
we're gonna fix it we're gonna fix this
Hey
we're gonna fix this
yes or I could do a Game Capture go to
monitor capture or a screen capture yeah
window capturing yeah window cap that's
a good idea yeah and then just capture
the bat over there
obviously you have to take us off and
then sub reach up
yeah some reagent that gonna work
I know great
yeah you got it
you have to yeah click okay
we're terrible you know it's been a
while since we've streamed da stuff okay
so now click on the game so there there
yeah there we go
whoo did it we did it everybody we did
it we made it through but you know we I
said we weren't starting until 7:00
anyway so you know technically oh that
was me like the tune of mind I mean we
were early
and so this fuck off hurry is you know
we could have been spending this time
instead of streaming getting this ready
but we didn't and so we're here we're
here there we go
all right bring up the thing the the
magic thing with the names oh okay ah
the magic thing with the names I kept
that this one good Renata's oh my Garf
room GRA n a n des DZ sorry
Gooden it is alright okay hold on
I've on mage says in the GS trailer GS
goes wait not sure a boom mic is shown
in the Gaga oh there must be a
Ghostbusters a boom mic is shown in the
Gaga's reflection giving you $2 is money
better spent than getting a GS ticket
lol fuck my ghost cock and cheer up rich
I'm sure full rich is very cheery you
know we you know we did we got shit done
this week no shit no shit we on Friday
films the interview with Greg and Gareth
sorry Greg Garth from Firaxis had a
great interview that interview is gonna
be up tomorrow by the way so a heads up
and today before live streaming right
now we filmed two episodes of previously
recorded yes two episodes in the can
yesterday we filmed an episode of
something else boom and
is also another project going on behind
the scenes play going on
there is a crazy amount of shit getting
done at the moment I'm working on
building a giant thing yep we're looking
at we're working around the clock now
there's gonna be so much content you
guys you're gonna freak the fuck out
it's gonna be crazy
okay let's do this rich looking glum baz
mugs looking glove box the glove
compartment I see my god registration
and my LBD business card you know what I
don't I don't know what the fuckin OPD
Oh Lydon Police Department business guys
take good card why not get God I mean
you might want like a your badge but
that's not in the glove box do you want
me to you want me to get that from the
glove box I think that's that in the
glove box it's really of cards are you
one the goofballs I'm on the coupons all
the goofballs clothes glove box open
door okay okay okay
Oh close the door automatically because
that's what I do look at how advanced
this is compared to police quick you can
see that I'm wearing a jacket the flag
is waving flag waving I'm more than five
feet tall things are coming up roses for
me Betty buds here we go and open door
the door scope god damnit use key in
door what if whatever is an emergency in
like some poor victim of a mugging needs
to run into the police did you know fuck
off because we don't care with the
police we only solve the crimes we feel
like solving boy the key to murder
no you need the correct key okay
I don't have I grabbed my keys goddamn
it did you grab your keys you kidding
money kid you forgot oh I did the first
time and then the thing got Rika
jiggered get you go and get your keys
Sonny look at you you're a mess
when it got married you got a little car
you're a mess man I hate mondays don't
don't worry van the real van we're gonna
save all oh another car came we're gonna
save the game yeah absolutely
when that little car get there I don't
know
BQ 2 1 P Q 2 1 that's the name of this
savory look at car backed in the latter
unmarked cars private cars and sometimes
a mock police cruiser there you go
you're in the I am in the parking lot of
litmus newly remodeled police station
this is the detectives entrance oh
that's why it's locked like there's a
main entrance it makes some lot of sense
i unlock and open the door but I don't
like it behind me because I don't give
no fucks look around the hell if someone
are we looking at this through a
peephole yes
I mean Linton's newly remodeled police
station I'd like to keep said keep
reminding myself that it's been
remodeled because I I'm constantly
getting lost I think I'm in the old
police station but that's God now they
turn it down I think they put up weapons
at a Taco Bell Taco Bell
I'm fine American food that's really
Mexican but we made it our own because
that's what we Americans do we invade
and take over and make things our own we
turn on American things in the good
old-fashioned American Pie my making it
blend mass-produced
this is the hall there's several doors a
coda and an evidence window okay yes I'm
gonna walk into this door because hey
it's a door oh oh god oh Jesus hello
people
the NAG annex office is equipped with
five deaths of file cabinet and various
items hanging on the wall and what of
the desk is a computer this is how but
this is this is mechanics which is not
my department so I'm just gonna mosey on
out hey rich
yes fisted buy dope smoke I wanted to
give us a tip wanting to know if we
could move our faces to the other side
of the screen so that they can see
what's being typed in a text box also
that's not a bad idea
I like that suggestion that was worth $2
you get the sunny bonds seal of approval
okay I've seen that it right it's
easy-peasy
now it'll be a little weird because when
we're watching the game we're gonna be
kind of looking off screen but that's
fine that's fine whatever whatever hi
everybody
look around okay
what good but you know we don't need to
see yes I was distracting you it's
distracting me seeing me yes look around
I need to I need to say out loud what
I'm going to see and do and yeah this is
the homicide office which I should know
I work here every day the homicide
office is equipped with five deaths file
cabinet a locker and various other items
hanging on the wall on whether than one
of the desk is a computer or computer
like one of those fancy things that I
don't trust one of those fancy comp you
traitors like in my day we use the paper
and pen and that's all we needed look at
computron that they're gonna walk closer
but my partner Keith takes a deep puff
and says
they say sorry I heard that dirtbag you
sent up the river last year's back in
town for a retrial in their name Baynes
something like that I'm gonna point out
a couple things not that I don't
disapprove of that voice from it's kind
of a mobster voice which is an
interesting choice for a a cop detective
partner and this is this is now this is
the opportunity for the goofiest team up
in the world
this really is secondly you're probably
gonna be doing this voice a lot yeah as
this is the partner Jesus so I want you
to keep that in mind
hmm well buddy's a smoker
right so he needs to have a little gruff
voice maybe it maybe I'll do Columbo for
him then you know um yeah yeah say Sonny
I heard that dirtbag you sent up the
river last year back in town for retrial
his name our Baynes
you just got remind me what his name is
what did they you can do babe his name
was babe oh yeah that's what I thought I
was talking to my wife the other day and
I told it at yeah not on the screen I
think this is still your oh maybe this
time I you could put them away for the
duration huh it just seems like the
garbage of this world gets gets every
chance known to man no that's good
that's good oh that desk is a computer
look at the computer you might add oh my
god it's got a separate screen oh Jesus
apparently cierra computer games famous
for making just simple adventure games
apparently they've made their own
computer that's probably a piece of shit
they can only run Sierra game you know
they run Sierra games poorly the device
that just runs games
why what a horribly unsuccessful idea
that would be you're throwing your money
down the toilet by buying a thing that
only plays games
no one's gonna want one games are a
waste of time and I love nothing to do
with them
Arnold Rimmer says stoke me a clipper oh
my god I'll be back for Christmas this
thing runs on command prompts when where
does this nut I can't click on anything
because where it does I've just had a
flashback use the computer to play
police quest to do it run police quest
to see : command
run no there's something for searching I
forget what it is oh well oh god I don't
know ok I miss my bunch of other people
I don't know how to use this newfangled
device it's it's too new and innovative
oh my god I did I didn't miss a bunch of
your tips you're right
that I don't know why that happened
let's see here
Ryan Villa say any of you at rlm seen
them TR Thank You Jed the lost skeleton
of cod davara I think it's pretty
hilarious I have not seen it uh amber
sauce says did you receive the coffee I
sent it may not get there until Monday
any coffee come in the mail you were
here yesterday no I haven't seen coffee
I haven't seen coffee yet looking
forward to it
Jack and rich cut to the chase and talk
about how the Ghostbusters trailer stuck
suck stupid pants hello we did what do
you want me to talk to you about
ghostbusters forth here is 1986 the
Ghostbusters a nice manly men good hard
working blue color men and they weren't
tough dirty grimy jobs got a job that
only a real man's man can do you're not
gonna get in trouble for those times no
sissy women can handle that kind of work
catching ghosts maybe a secretary didn't
testosterone for catching ghosts nice
manly men doing things you don't need no
women no crack no women women crack it
some kind of stupid crack that things
can get in ectoplasm gets everywhere you
know god bless you rave Aikman and begun
and you do great work for America you
keep the women of this world safe safe
in their homes where they can cook from
the ghosts got to keep them women say
from the ghosts is way too scared of
ghosts you know they just can't handle
ghosts they're not even playing the game
at this point we get now we got it done
with we got it we got it out of our
system of course it's sucked everybody
knows it sucks now the movies gonna
second that's fine everything's going
from okay my desk is equipment drawers
have phone a message basket and a lamp
check out that message basket looking up
basket
licking basket and the best can I see a
subpoena which is very important yes you
pick up an I pick up and read the
subpoena sometimes I like to talk about
myself and the third person
perfectly manly thing to do written
something my dad you say doctor dr. doom
what your dad is dr. doom you are
commanded to appear in division for
superior guard of the city the city of
Lydon as a witness for the people and
the retrial matter against the defendant
Jesse Bane's
notification of time and date will
follow I can't believe what I've just
read just as the memory of this rat was
passing into oblivion he's a back for a
retrial that rats that rat bastard drug
dealer he's probably a commie too
definitely account me what else is on my
desk I'm going to look at desk I talk
about third person because can't pay
late sometimes I also just say what I'm
going to do house I just love the idea
that you really just do that like you
walk into the office guy I'm gonna look
at my desk now it's like fucking bombs
again yes look you don't need permission
bonds just look at you desk let me open
my drawer sighs I said I have to sit
down first because I have manners can't
open the doors drawers standing up
that's just rude hello from Chicago says
BG 12,000 rich how did you become a fan
of the Windy City Thunder bolts and the
frontier league in general ah
and also do you follow the Brewers no
the Brewers are fine I just have no
emotional investment to them okay every
White Sox and MLB as far as the
thunderbolts go Karen Ashley asked me to
go for the first time oh yeah this
before I got into baseball yeah sure
sure and then I went oh that was really
fun and they played five minutes for me
so we just went constantly there's like
five bucks to go to a game and get
front-row seats she's fucking great
nice nice cheap seats some some people
who actually care about baseball and not
the bazillions of dollars they're making
you know okay there apparently I I hit
the right pixel that would let me sit
down oh well cuz your chairs on that
side didn't you were behind it didn't
look like it share it did not look like
a chair all right here we go okay you
open I'm now going to open the drawer oh
that's a good question he's a torture on
should be double check oh yeah I
remember yeah it's it's up there let me
make sure I turn it on yeah okay it is
thank you for reminding us watcher is on
I need to unlock the dry keep locking
things and forgetting their lack that
forget I think maybe I have all time is
Alzheimer's Alzheimer's I can't remember
how to say that word which which is
really troubling actually early dementia
rich it's not it's unusual for someone
so young that was don't you know what
that means later don't worry oh oh oh my
god this thing's in here look there's a
there's a 3ds in there look that's my
desk drawer contains a thank-you letter
and my wallet Oh Jay keep in my drawer
and not on my person you have to go to
work to get your wallet that's right
I don't I don't need to have my driver's
license on me to drive my car I'm a cop
I'm a white male I don't need a driver's
license ever
who's gonna pull me over well I grabbed
my wallet look at Wallin this is a black
wallet good old-fashioned plain black
wallet opening it the first things I see
on my detectives gold shield which I
prize more than my wife and my little
piddy identification guard I don't have
the note so I can't look at it get note
I see a leonard not a note in the drawer
because i'm very technical things have
to be done by the pocket to the letter I
won't do them
a poopy poop card for my good friend
Murray Wilkins who really I should say
wife on it is the message sunny thank
you for telling my life around love
Murray because you know she was a whore
my wife was a filthy whore
I don't know why I degraded myself by
marrying her but we talked about this
earlier many holes but I can fuck her
nostril that's the thing we've
established because she's a whore she's
good because she's a whore
that well there you go smacks lips
please quest yes I would have funded a
Kickstarter to support this dream barn
we missed her chance looking at the
board I'm looking to the board at board
look to the board and then look at the
board I scan the bulletin board and see
the shooting schedule below the board is
a rack of khakis the shooting schedule
indicates that I am behind on my scores
Oh No I've got to get better you know
what I'm gonna get better right now yeah
let's go let's go shoot figured a gun
what sit here I'm gonna open this door
oh my god is it lucky people pooping I
want a gun let me find a shooting range
that's what I need to do I need to shoot
my gun what's this room
look at your filth you're a poor excuse
for a cop you just leave your trash all
over the floor with a perfectly good
unused waste paper basket right next to
it
what is wrong I can't appreciate you
what is wrong with you
the burglary office bunch of goofs
bottom feeders is furnished with regular
stuff because that's all they deserve
bulletin board deaths of wall lamp a
bookcase and a computer
hold on anonymous oh damn yes I'm
getting a rekt yeah
wait you probably need to talk need to
talk to him done first I'm just gay gets
so excited then it's anonymous with like
say dear rlm keep an eye out in the
future for Netflix's altered carbon it's
based off of a favorite book of mine
same title about a body swapping super
soldier surrounded by conspiracy and
murder
ok ok anonymous altered carbon also hey
you hack frauds do you grind your own
coffee beans I do yes always always
grind your own because then you can get
then it stays fresher longer and you can
get the exact right make sure I give the
next male character a Donald Trump voice
don't forget to add tremendously before
every other abject adjectives ok great
I will do so this is the shooting range
each officer is expected to maintain a
proficient level in weapons training
I see weapons officer get Mills standing
behind the equipment counter hello Ken
says up here's what I want to say to you
what's the game plan fella
not a great trump but a tremendously
important one I'm not sure what you want
me to do so I'm just going to do
everything alright
ask for a gun so I have a gun which mine
what's my inventory inventory I am
carrying a keyring a money clip
thank-you letter well it at an LPD
business guy you do not have a gun the
guns in here I probably have to go to my
locker and get a gun oh I'm getting my
gum you know I know you Sierra games I
know if I walk into that shooting range
I'm prepared
I'm probably accidentally gonna get shot
as something so you don't know I'm not
ignorant
they're real consequences consequences
for actions in this world and by the way
crows teeth yes I am I am 100% confirmed
coffee snob huge coffees now
I'm gonna look around now the lack of
room has three rows full-sized lockers
two benches a wash basin with mirror and
ford toilet stalls I wait take a moment
save a game nice girl save your game the
chat is reminding us I might I might
accidentally open up at the door and see
somebody's Wang and that'd make me gay
we wouldn't want that and then it's game
over it is game over forever
you know that's what happens if you see
another man's Wang right you turn into a
game and then it's just game over
automatically you can't vote you can't
get married to a woman immediately it's
like you see another man's Wang and and
animalistic bloodlust comes over a cock
loss what do you mean the gays can vote
now what is America good to back in my
day you had to bring your wife to the
voting booth have intercourse with her
to prove you could vote to completion
which was a which lock is yours I'm
looking for the one that's just any
bonus market probably over here alright
sure
the name on this vac rocker Lakha reads
s bonds on this rocker fine not a
substantive name I'm very proud of it
telecom wants to make sure by the way
that we do make at least one character
sound like Dan or Don Wilson okay we'll
see well we'll say me if a character
fits the bill
I've done Wilson I think I just when I
do that I think that has to be just
complete improv I don't know if I could
read lines like that it wouldn't have
the same energy
you wouldn't know well you know what but
if we see if maybe a character is loud
and boisterous and Don's whole thing
goes he'd go anywhere right listen we'll
see what's the first numbers become
assuming it's in the manual oh God but
I'm not sure hold on I have the manual
I'm gonna I have the manual you're right
I'm gonna search my wallet maybe it's in
there radio codes vehicle codes in the
back of my wallet I find my scuba diving
certificate so I think we can assume
that's going to come into play oh I got
a point for that that was a good thing I
did barely apparently read my business
guy it says LBD sunny buds detective oh
there actually is a whole computer
procedures the thing in here oh nice
you're looking at the shooting range
procedures too okay well this is all
very good this is all very you're gonna
use that shooting range but I need to
get my gun that's gonna be in the locker
and I need to open the locker
so it's either in the manual or I have
to find this in the world somewhere
maybe in the world I'm checking the
manual what would good old-fashioned
American luck accommodate should be Y 1
2 3 4 of course 1 2 3
better try again ok I say I told you I'm
getting the Alzheimer's I have to see a
doctor immediately after I bust some
bugs because that comes first busting
Punk's that's the life of a cap in the
streets and the filth
I'm sorry what the who the what in the
who
cavitation what's another American
number twelve twelve is a good artist
number I like it
well-rounded and second number is gonna
be something even four four and then and
then zero for the third number because
we don't need a third it's a waste of
space I don't agree with it a third
number do I know my lack of combination
no I don't I have to go find my locker
combination I know gonna go look at my
car for my locker combination I don't
see a locker combination in the manual
so it's gotta be in the world somewhere
here rich opened door you think it's in
your car I don't it's all I got
could it be in your desk it might be my
desk we just looked at my desk and there
was no number sure behind the wheel of
my personal car we already talked about
this trade it in my nice car because my
whole life
and it's long like that Tiberius Kirk
says your combination is 36-24-36
bah-bah-bah nananananana no no no no no
no no maybe a baby I put it in my car
registration who knows let's check it
out probably not this vehicle's
registration careful examination reveals
that this car belongs to study bonds why
that's me the registration should stay
in the car so I returned to the glove
box okay what's not what's what's on
your person again what's in your
inventory oh yeah close the box get out
of car you're sitting in your car like a
crazy person and we've established that
I have Alzheimer's okay what's in your
in the door what's in your box in your
pockets keyring a money clip thank you
letter while it in my LPD business card
this is your wall surge wallet yeah
you're not taking anything the back of
my wallet I find my scuba diving
certificate we've already done this what
kind of crazy med would put there like a
combination under scuba drivings diving
certificate that just makes no sense
you're a crazy man I'm tell me you're a
crazy person there is this my scuba
diving certificate it's a good proper
certificate with no vandalization
happening on the certificate has it
hasn't even uh like a little stamp on it
okay wait wait look at your um look at
your business card we did that too did
we yes LPD Sonny bonds detective
turnover card oh my god Jackie is some
kind of amazing genius I'm just saying
what wasn't up 36 for 12 oh my god they
were I thought you were being crazy a
crazy person with the whole two-digit
number thing there you go there you go
boom who's that talk to him we were kind
of right what we added 12 and a for just
another right order we don't have 36
that's true
look at mad look at man talk to man
hello man I watched as traffic officer
Mario Gillespie books evidence the only
thing lower than a burglary officer is a
traffic officer an Italian traffic
Italian traffic officer we're keeping an
eye on you
just seppies sippy what whatever you
booking the spaghetti in evidence again
you get out yeah yeah I can you can bet
your wires temps 36 boom four boom 12
boom ooh
and of course I have a picture of a
woman yes a fine woman too good to
remind you constantly of your
heterosexuality the rejected I put her
in her place the kitchen where she could
make me a sandwich while I put up this
poster of a half-naked woman she cried
but that just meant she knew what was up
that is my wife Alzheimer's I forgot I
look at this picture at the beach
Maria's sighted love Marie what a girl
look at look at the gams on that girl
right there
and look at that that's my gun that's
the real beauty in this scene look at
gun my luck it contains my handgun extra
ammo clips and handcuffs look at looking
and that need to use the word logically
in this game because that is just too
much emotion has far too much emotion
and you're right I need to really did
keep it on the inside rich you love your
gun we know this my gun and holster are
on a hook get guns yeah Oh ammo try to
conceal erection get backups bend over
to slightly conceal your erect penis
boom
what are they what are they gonna
receive
Oh gun range procedures I'm on it I'm on
it I'm on it okay shooting around
procedures you have to type load gun or
use the function key listed in a
pulldown menu to load your gun type
raise gun to and then use the
directional keys to adjust your aim type
fire gun
if the sights on your gun need to be
adjusted type adjust sights I'm assuming
we'll need to adjust our sights use the
arrow keys to adjust the windage and
elevation screws each time you press an
arrow key the windage or elevation
screws will rotate one position with a
little practice you can improve load
gudden raise gun aim okay header heart
heart go for the heart that's the kill
shot by a gun that was the procedure
right I didn't I didn't mess that up
you got that by the book I should
protect my ears god damn it there's no
there's nothing in here about protection
areas you got to go talk to that guy
maybe there here a shelf beneath the
table holds extra targets the target is
positioned by the buttons on the left
wall that's fine
exits isn't it there's nothing in here
about protection it probably does I say
I have Alzheimer's I don't remember
these things that I should know because
I come here every day and knowing me I
almost certainly fire my gun off every
day mr. goat says stick fingers in here
then raise gun Oh Trump hmm all right
I'm gonna give you this ear protection I
just need you to return them when you're
through because we're turning them is
what makes this police station great if
I remember to remember all scientists
this is what's gonna happen
plug ears with gun
okay so we're probably have to adjust
the size use protection I thought that
sickens me okay
your gun looks huge I don't think I'll
need to load it again but we'll see
checking my gun I see that the clip is
not yet empty and so I do not reload as
that would make no sense raise gun okay
raise gun yeah so now make sure that
your aim sights are somewhere that you
can replicate so like lower lower than a
little bit right there so like it's it's
on the let it's on the skinny at the
very highest skinny one so then we can
adjust aim as necessary
firing fun buy buy a gun Oh gun of
course you have fun you will not need to
use the word fun in this game once again
I got too emotional let me let me really
back real bad you could fun is not in
this game's dictionary fire
Oh God that felt good fire my god again
and again and again fuck yeah ok ok
let's take a look let's take a look
lower your gun fire gun Oh like click
Gloria gun now let's check on your
target oh no you need to press the
button to brace do you want me to be on
the streets later to have some punk gun
me down because I was out of ammunition
right push my bottom button sure no I'm
a man I'm gonna push the top button or
you could look at the buttons maybe to
see you and your logic let's see which
one says which there two buttons on the
wall of the booth
what is labeled view and the other is
labeled back let's view yeah that's way
off ok shut is on you are up and to the
left my gut is shooting high into the
left you were correct your assessment
system let's just sites just sites you
screw ok so wait
use the arrow keys to agile the windage
and elevation screws each time you press
an arrow key the windage or elevation
screw will rotate one position so you
want to you want to lower elevation one
good that's it
and you want to which way does it go I
don't know two more yeah yeah okay okay
good
and so now try firing and see if we're
closer but I miss rich yep enter the
nude code by opening the console and
typing some stuff no okay no no what are
you some kind of hippie wear clothes
like an American comb your hair okay
raise gun
boom okay never again let's just let's
check it out
my shit modern games don't do this
that's right this is awesome and I'm
sure there's gonna be something later
where we need to be really we're still
awesome we didn't do it near enough oh
well shit
well shit you're right rich go into
overwatch
okay yeah check it out checkout it
coming
two bad cats is coming next month on
steam gun a sight adjustment simulator I
would believe that yeah bear simulator
fine with us no I think this is great
and this is probably gonna come in handy
later like maybe have to shoot at
someone and and if we're not super
accurate right hey I think we're good
enough is that where you were aiming I
just needed to do it a lot more and I
did okay you set my sights up properly
aligned boom
now that we have a 3ds capture card what
are we planning on streaming with it
whatever they don't the only game I I
have two games for it so far I have a
link between worlds and I got pokemon
yellow because i wanna play pokemon but
it's it's just another thing we can use
now which I'm very excited about that
was my backup plan I did bring it with
in case J was here my backup plan was
should I fire that last bullet you don't
have one boy yeah it thinks maybe so I
can change the ammo so if I need more
than one bullet later I'm not fucked
sure what are how many clips I have you
can get a mold from the dude oh okay
that's good to know get ammo from the
dude let's go for a headshot
the real Vance is guys I'm so happy
right now thanks for this Yuri watch the
first game to match up all the funny
voices right well rich now Sonny bombs
yeah and I don't know if anyone else
will be in the game cuz this you know in
a different place probably collect
the 3d is oh i hain't it away it was
they were oh were you aiming for the
head yeah nice nice I don't remember
exactly the name of the company that did
it if you google like 3ds capture card
though they're one of the first to come
up but it took five months to get it
five months
for realsies and and I have it now but I
ordered it I ordered it in October
October first
