Are you sick of XCOM 2 yet? (part 1)
February 24, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q57mjS6LDHQ

we have Gophers I know we can take care
of those Gophers by maybe a traps that's
all you talk about now Jay I think we
could use traps it's all I do anymore
every every every afternoon I'm out in
the fields not your field oh yeah I go
another I don't ask permission though
that feels like an extra step that I
don't feel like taking that was
literally the whole part that was the
purpose of the video
Jay was to learn yeah that was the
boring part of the video that was the
part where you weren't exploding
varmints you're right exactly you're
right
you know I kind of like how when your
soldiers get wounded go bad yeah they
have scars afterwards oh yeah yeah she's
got a scar on her cheek she didn't have
that originally
oh that's after a wound that's great all
right sorry
no you're I am so big I that's just the
angle of the camera I'm at sound
perspectives where if you're closer to
the camera you're bigger it looks like
that's that's how they made Godzilla and
Power Rangers I remember learning that
trick from some TV special when I was a
little kid mm-hm and so I tried it out
with my camcorder where it's like you
can make it look like you're standing on
your countertop Jesus get rid of it
right there that startled me
it should just just keep turning it down
don't stop there
don't stop turning that sound down
vegan economist says eastern hemisphere
in the house yes'm yo yo was up y'all
European dog haven't you're a European
dog oh my god oh they just call this
what I mean that's not what I mean I was
talkin hip-hop
don't ever try to talk hip-hop again I
guess my all so I'm finally done with my
exams for the semester and I'm buying
space cop tomorrow
can I have my digital copies
yes I don't know how you plan on doing
it but sign and digitally yeah we'll
give you a text file that has our names
in Comic Sans I like how all of your
syusai soldiers hair turns white that's
a prize purple too I believe oh yeah
dude you got weapon upgrades why aren't
you using them Michael because I just
got you know I was holding off on
rejiggering my upgrades cuz I just got
the continent perk that lets you switch
them out without losing the old ones so
I just got that now and that was like
the first thing that was going to doing
things the question is do you want to
watch me spend ten minutes yeah we're
just chatting anyway their guns look
like scaffolding big guns like
scaffolding all of the middens here I'm
like I've got like the mid tier weapons
and armor and I think it all
deliberately looks jakie
I think it's part running joke and part
it's supposed to be there they're not
quite there yet okay you don't have the
good stuff yet and see I like that look
that look that looks to me like
hodgepodge weaponry hmm you know just
pipes and wires everywhere sure the the
guys I can't afford it yet the highest
tier of weapons looks too smooth it
almost looks like like a nerf gun it
look really sexy that's not a little
sexy
they look like nerf guns you can begin
making guns bright yellow you can do
that now I'm gonna I'm gonna give all of
my warriors nerf gun I saw I saw a
spring shot online I'm like this guy's
this guy's got troops using nerf guns
that sounds great now mostly Jay
they're wondering why you hate the
Martian I don't hate it I just didn't
like it there was no attention to
anything and Matt Damon sucked we were
just we were just chatting about this
right before the stream started the
Martian is an incredibly boring movie
yeah oh boy I better figure out how to
solve this problem okay I did it
wow that was 10 I'm really rooting for
this guy
yep yep and that's all there is that's
the problem that's all it is something
else going out of the movie that would
make it interesting the the various
spoiler alert I'm about to spoil the
Martian and by the way if you see the
Marshall you know exactly what will
happen
so I hesitate to even call it a spoiler
warning sure but you know the his Matt
Damon gets left on Mars and his crew
starts sailing away and they're really
bummed about having to leave as soon as
we learn that he's still alive and that
the NASA doesn't want to tell those
astronauts everybody in the theater I
could hear them go because an hour and a
half before it happened to everyone knew
that those people were turning around to
go get me a shirt absolutely dumbest I
haven't read the book I've heard the
books good I'm seeing the book flushes
things out like a little bit more I
could see the book being really good
like taking up that personal space look
at that haircut that's hot boom that's a
reference to the 1993 original Billa
hecka says hurray for the European
stream I'm in upstate New York but hey
I'll tip you the equivalent of two euros
which is two dollars and 20 cents by the
way 20 cents more Oh
the real valence is Jay I didn't know
about getting my space cop disc signed
when I first order it ordered it if I
send you guys if I send it to you guys
with return shipping will you sign it
for me
sure sure is there's probably like a
really easy way to just send I would say
yeah just send the sleeve just send the
sleeve and there's a little private
cheaper the real they on let's put the
year what is up with the euro the
Canadian dollar isn't it super week
right now super week right now
that's unfortunate they just got a new
prime minister and some people are
really happy about their new prime
minister other people are not so happy
about the new prime minister oh so it's
like any leadership in any country very
insightful jack very insightful a
political discussion that's that's about
as deep as I'm gonna go political is
he's a liberal and so liberal people
seem to really like him that's usually
how it works conservative people don't
like him at all this is an amazing yeah
observation yeah I know why don't we
talk about politics that's why I'm so
riveting that's why
the poor Canadian space the poor
Canadian dollar is why I haven't bought
space copy yeah we've heard that before
I'm sorry do businesses in Milwaukee
still accept Canadian currency I don't
know if they ever don't think they ever
did you don't accept the currencies from
other countries do Canadian still as
accept American currency of course they
do one American dollar let me show you
around
I'm French Canadian
yes we did see that to do did you read
the the shocking Batman V Superman oh
yeah
but it's not gonna be the theatrical
release right no okay just slow whatever
the blu-ray but but they went out of
their way so for a new who doesn't know
I don't know rich Evans does not know
they of Warner Brothers announced
specifically that the blu-ray director's
cut a Batman vs Superman will be rated R
Oh which has nothing to do with how well
Deadpool but they're de planted safe
though either those are the blue of the
room and it certainly has nothing to do
with how the movie probably won't do as
well as people scholar well that's the
thing is like I know the movie was
filmed with the intention of it being
pg-13 at most because that's Man of
Steel that's the tradition of comic book
movies so I'm wondering if they just
like are digitally adding like bones
crunching to the fights for the blu-ray
release because I can't imagine it was
originally intended to be unless I mean
I guess there's the possibility they
submitted it to the MPAA it got an R
rating no it's a possibility there are
movies where that happens too well I
think it would be more likely that a cut
was submitted to Warner Brothers and
they just knowing what the MPAA would
rate it asked to tone it down if if it
is something that wasn't decided in the
wake of Deadpool let's added some
digital blood spurt yeah that's the most
likely scenario but who knows right it's
it's sad is what it is Superman the
Superman I know and love is not an
r-rated movie no there's no I mean it's
a Batman movie - and I can see Batman
working as an R I guess you know what a
Dark Knight is close to an R I mean it
looks that's a movie where I think it
probably did get an R and they
determined down because there's a couple
really awkward edits in that movie
sure like when he cuts Michael Jai why
Michael Jai White's mouth the you know I
got those scars but oh yeah yeah there's
an awkward cutaway or it completely
loses any of its impact and the pencil
bit so I think that might have been like
close to potentially getting an R and so
she turn it down but but this isn't this
isn't Dark Knight Batman this is new
Batman this is you know sure but they're
they're going off of the model of dark
grim violin but that's true that's true
let's see here
forests oh wait nope nope nope not you
van hey still says hello from Spain just
wanted to say thanks for all the hours
of entertainment you give us lol of
full-on Ebola Ebola hopefully that means
fuck my god um
the forest goblin says Jake what did you
think of this serial Sicario the kario
is talking about Sicario oh yeah it says
ser Serio is what it says I'm sorry I
thought Sicario was good I like that
director a lot mom have you seen enemy
or prisoners no you you have mentioned
that enemies like I was disappointed in
safari oh because I mean it's a fine
movie but enemy is like that's my type
of movie you think it it's it's it's
abstract and weird you can still follow
what's happening there's still a story
but it's it's a little more experimental
in sicarios very straightforward it's
good at what it does but I don't have
much of an interest in the subject
matter which is the drug cartel
it's a good movie though emily Blunt's
great in it and not at the store and
Benicio del Toro is really good right
off the bat when it's Benicio del Toro
no that's true he's always good never
not good Benicio del Toro should also
turn the screen tip announcement off
it's so annoying you assholes it's so
annoying it's so annoying ass holes no
savate row says I for one welcome our
new Trump Overlord some people who agree
with Donald Trump like him other people
who disagree with Donald Trump do not
like him that's true disgust I would say
normally things politically aren't that
black-and-white but I think when it
comes to him it is pretty much that
black and white yeah I I think it's not
a very political statement to say that
Trump is very polarizing figure just
this guy you know says J could you
please say watching you watching you
fail will give me what you humans call a
huge boner Thanks I already said it it's
in the movie you can just watch the seat
at the movie keep resuming I'm going to
fill Jeb listen you haven't had the best
showings rich so far you are playing on
commander difficulty let's see here
anonymous says thanks for the stream
question was the governor
Trump was a game show host and might be
President which of today's young
celebrities could you see as a future
politician let's see now what that's a
fair question I guess it's all fair game
at this point who's the worst was the
worst most obnoxious child star right
now that's what it would be Macaulay
Culkin he's not the worst he's five
I'm just saying like Macaulay Culkin is
who's next oh just something that random
use something that random he went from
child actor to Pizza themed Dandy
Warhols cover band
dandy whirls whatever grounds hard to
politician that's his art as a person
okay yeah that works
John kilo says 3gen kilo says this
donation is to annoy the chat I also
never would have thought that Arnold
would become a politician also a
conservative politician because Maria
Shriver is very liberal his wife they're
not married anymore
it worked out well for him his wife at
the time was very is still very liberal
and he was a conservative politician
let's see here your friendly bartender
says hey guys thanks for starting so
early 10 p.m. here in Poland quick
question
adjusted for inflation aliens cost about
39 million really that's it I'm waiting
for the question
woah no I was just taking that in
everybody take that in advance
this is what right yep does that mean
that it's only half as good as Jack and
Jill well that's that's how the quality
of a movie works is it's all about the
budget the higher the budget the better
of the movie we know this you can't
dispute facts yeah of course why would
they spend more if it wasn't gonna be
better right it's joking though that
even adjusted for an inflation the
movies that I would think it'd be higher
than that yes yeah
what was the budget for Deadpool I know
it was it was pretty
it wasn't very high it was like 60 to 80
million somewhere in there I think
something like that I know I know it was
pretty pretty low
I know reports are that Ryan Reynolds
only made 2 million on the front end
okay and he had some sort of back-end
deal I'm assuming he's got a piece of
the the box office and man that's
working out great for him yeah yeah I've
never really cared much about Ryan
Reynolds and so in this Deadpool movie
it's like I I think he's pretty good in
the movie but also just like how
passionate he was about getting it made
and then hearing that that he didn't
take much of a salary for it he just he
just was really passionate about
Deadpool you like he liked that Deadpool
character and really hated how he was
portrayed in the movie had to be that
must have been disappointing to be like
oh I'm gonna play Deadpool in this movie
oh wait what are they doing to me with
Deadpool wait why do I have lasers
coming out of my god could you imagine
you're the heartbreak yeah the
heartbreak anonymous hey guys for the
next three of rich Evans attacks can you
please give a play-by-play of his shots
in the voice and someone announcing for
professional golf sure is that guy
laying in a pool of his own shit
yes alien blood is weird colors I a Liam
blood is shit I prefer to think of it as
a shit as he shit his alien pants and
the very tight pants I just went all
over
okay so right Jenna what we have them we
have
reaches as slowly he's extracting VIP as
you can see a very important what we
have here is not too many Advent troops
a couple and got a couple sectors and of
course the Roman god of flights what
does that one come Archon are an Archon
so we have two sectors in an Archon
formidable opponents can rich Oh No Fox
we have a second Archon and two glitches
that makes two sectors to our towns to
glitches this is totally somebody rich
Evans is going to either get fucked or
getting it harder and I can't wait to
see which happens next
what
codex is this teleport motherfuckers
they're called codex yeah oh I always is
I always thought they were called
glitches that's what I've been referring
to them as
what is the character pool option I'm
seeing someone asked if we use the
character pool option you can make your
own characters put them in the character
pool and then they can show up randomly
other games oh that's me I got Bradford
once that way because he's in like a
developer room
oh okay pre-made pool no he did well oh
well I would hope so he's the he's your
right-hand man J you do know that Neal
Breen follows you on twitter right I do
I got a notification when he started
following me and it was it was the
happiest moment of my life know all the
highlights of my life happened on
Twitter now apparently cuz I solved the
Loreen Landon for maniac copying and
drive no situation thanks to the help of
of people that follow me I just saw
another brilliant Neal Breen retweet the
other day I think movie dicks retweeted
and and and his toy his tweet was not
yet for anyone that doesn't know Neal
Breen is Twitter and he doesn't know how
to use it so if someone like asked him a
question like at neoprene and asked him
a question he just tweets an answer but
not in reply to that person so it never
has any connection to anything and it's
the best so he'll just tweet about three
or four days yeah and you have no idea
what the question right my favorite is
just i retweeted where he just said no
Neal Breen is a genius and an
entrepreneur he can't be expected to
know how Twitter works
no no about an hour and a half
let's see here J who would be your dream
cameo a la patton oswalt
in the next are LM feature I don't know
there's a lot of different people for a
lot of different reasons
yeah I get more excited like I'm not
it's like the person they get starstruck
or like excited to meet celebrities or
anything there's people hmm
I get excited for more like weird people
you know sure like when max landis was
in town he mentioned that he knew the
people that played the the computer
hackers and deadliest prey and I got
very excited about that I was like
that's awesome
candy girl that candy girl true dat true
do that kind of thing I get more excited
about them like largest celebrities
which is going for the Hail Mary grenade
toss
he's a fortunate man he gets to blow up
to people oh and it's an incendiary
grenade too so that's going to the
halter and again I really you know I
would just say just anybody it's just
fun working with new people
it is especially people that that get it
mm-hmm Patton Oswalt got it immediately
oh yeah he knew what we were doing he
knows what's up I I wasn't there when
Tim Heidecker was nope he got it - yeah
yeah he knows he's just the type of
person to get it and that's yeah that's
really the type of people you wanna
instead of like where you have to
explain the joke or explain the tone of
it they just don't understand you or you
go the other out and you get someone
specifically because you know they won't
understand what you're doing like an eel
breed and that could be fun too let's
see here
November tango 19 time I got a little
behind on tips know November tango 19
says love all of you guys Jay please
stay out of Washington State my
girlfriend has stated openly that she
will leave me for your beard it's just
the beard just the beard okay I can't I
can't control what the beard does
sometimes it goes to random states on
its own I don't even know about it till
the next morning so if it makes its way
to Washington state you're screwed just
wake up and feel smooth oh my oh my god
yeah get a drunken phone call no it's
always back before I wake up oh that's
the weirdest thing how's it travel so
fast
let's see anonymous
nice to know can we comment on the tex
montana kickstarter you don't know what
that is i have no idea what their goal
is 50,000 then they're releasing the
movie to everyone yeah for free under a
Creative Commons what is it it's it's a
movie made it's old old friends of ours
they made a movie a couple years ago
called the battery okay which is a
really great zombie movie if you haven't
seen it I highly recommend it I think
it's on Hulu right now but they're
currently doing a Kickstarter for their
next movie which is it's already shot
it's already finished and instead of
going the route of submitted to film
festivals and getting a distributor and
that whole thing that takes years and
years and years yeah you don't make any
money for years and years and years
they're doing a Kickstarter to just
release it right now under Creative
Commons and then it's the three on
YouTube on torrents everywhere
completely for free
oh and having the money all at once
right upfront will allow them more time
to time and money to get away from their
day job to make another movie so that's
what they're coming they're pretty close
I think they'll make it but they're
super talented guys so I think that's a
I think that's the way to do it if you
are doing a crowdfunding movie thing
just say once the movies made everyone
can watch it yeah I think that's that's
the smart way to go about that I have
very mixed complicated feelings about
Kickstarter but this is an interesting
use of it and I'm sure the movies gonna
be really funny because those guys are
hilarious no batteries not hilarious
because it's not a comedy that's funny
moment but it's a really good movie
mm-hmm also Jake can you comment on
Torgo and the quest for fuck oh that's
the text Montana guys are in then that's
the thing we made a no-tell room at a
film festival once and it's horrible
how do people track down these things
they find this stuff
the internet does not forget yeah if it
was ever on the internet people know
about it mm-hmm let's see here we talked
about this a little bit of Benjy builder
Minh says guys how do you feel about the
fair use battle being fought on YouTube
at the moment
the Nostalgia Critic even started a
hashtag about it well then the problem
solved that's how you solve problems as
with hashtag start a trending hashtag
and you got yourself a victory I'm sorry
to be snide it's yeah it's a hashtag
several raise awareness I get it yeah we
I think we've talked about this before
I'll start with this one which is I
don't care we and you know previously
recorded has been hit with a metric
fuckton of copyright claims some of them
valid some of them not I would prefer
working within the system because I
remember what it was like before YouTube
I remember what it was like embedding a
you know 140 by 58 pixel video a real
player on your web page Oh real player
yeah I still have a folder of all my old
real player videos from the olden days
YouTube and they can do whatever the
hell they want fair use does not apply
to YouTube but like I don't care if it's
in YouTube's User Agreement or whatnot
YouTube can and does take down any video
it wants because it can it's a private
business
yeah no one no one's gonna deny that
there's their copyright system is fucked
I just thought it was funny cuz your gun
is right up in his face and it was 99%
you still missed oh yeah no I know no
one's gonna deny its fucked up but as
you said it's a private business and
they can do what they want plus a lot of
people that I've seen that try to use
the fair use claim don't fully
understand fair use uh-huh I mean I'm
not gonna like I'm not gonna like shit
on anybody but I'm just saying in
general people like to use that as a
blanket statement when it doesn't always
apply but they use it because it
directly affects them agree you know
agreed the the the real problem as I see
it is YouTube has been it we have a
vicious cycle happening right now where
when YouTube switched over to ads their
ads weren't great and they were a little
intrusive and what happened was the user
base reacted to that by switching to ad
blockers
well fuck exactly exactly and then what
happens when you are a viewer using ad
blocker you no longer count in the
YouTube system and so YouTube kind of
doubled down and decided with all the
claimants and sided with the big
corporations who are paying them to run
those ads instead of say siding with the
viewers who are using ad blockers which
makes perfect sense from a business
standpoint
and I know what you think but what about
the content creators don't they factor
into this formula and I hope you're
ready for a big shocker because we don't
content creators are the most expendable
interchangeable part of the YouTube
system for every amazing video
discussing and breaking down a movie
there are there's a cat video that gets
ten times the views there's a music
video that gets a hundred times good we
mean nothing to YouTube and we're
replaceable we're expendable so that's
why we don't factor and we get lost in
the shuffle
from corporations and users using
adblock and that's why the whole system
as far as like copyright claims and
stuff go is automated because YouTube
cares so little it's like the the bots
picks something up and they flag it you
could be upset about it because it does
suck and it's a fucked up system but no
one left behind but that's just the way
it is it is it is the way it is and I
want a better system and I really think
that in order to get a better system we
need the majority of users to ditch
adblock so we can use those metrics to
creators favors but I don't see that I
don't see that happening cuz once people
get something for free they that's all
they wanted they wanted for free from
now on even time like you know I'm not
spending 30 seconds watching it and that
I want to watch this video now maybe
there'll be a better system one of these
days it's a it's a complicated system
and a complicated problem that is kind
of being reduced to something overly
simplistic yeah it's something
discussion that's been going on lately
mmm-hmm that's a good way to put it
that's
that's it the the the general moral of
the story is if you want to actually
argue fair use you need to buy your buy
and maintain your own server and host
your own videos on that server then you
can do whatever you want you can put up
any video you want there you can deal
with all of the copyright claims if your
own lawyers oh wait do you see things
you see the problem sorry I'm very
behind on tips this is something that
I'm passionate about
I'll be right back I think
sabore eh cases Jack arrow question ID
I'm with you are you really
I'm with you I watch the arrow were you
as embarrassed as I was by the warehouse
in season 3 that they tried to pretend
was Hong Kong I you just can't be
surprised by their poor production
values sure the warehouse is the Hong
Kong nope now they're on an island in
the middle of the Pacific it doesn't
matter it's poor production value all
around it's TV it's TV
exactly it's all power for the course
it's be nobody really gives a shit about
the arrow yeah yes who is the arrow I
don't know
arrow of the green arrow the green arrow
oh but this show is just called arrow
the show she's called arrow okay there
there was he's ironically a lamer
Hawkeye despite the fact that green
arrow came first okay
he's a he's a lamer version of Hawkeye
and Batman literally in the show B era
season one was a ripoff of Batman Begins
in which a terrorist organization wanted
to level his city to to end the greed
and corruption and whatnot and he tried
to stop that is the exact same plot and
the characters is a ripoff of Batman he
was a millionaire playboy who fights
crime in a costume by night and E and is
upset because his parents died yes
it got even more absurd with the batman
mirrors when in season two met he was
married to the daughter of Ra's al Ghul
and was slated to take over the League
of Assassins just like what happened in
Batman it's so lame watch
I hate watch it boots P says can you
lower the tip notification volume or get
your mics up please it's painful to
listen to you right now yes can we do
something about that
yeah can you alt tab we'll check on that
I will check on that right now it's B
give me one moment I go to your mixer my
battery's running a little yeah there
you go yeah perfect alright from now on
the tip notification should be lowered
sorry but tell us if it's not lowered
yeah it should I want to know I don't
know I don't know if that method works I
am skeptical I think last time it did
but we'll double check again okay let's
say here clever Leeson says hello guys
thanks for broadcasting in my time zone
rich got me into XCOM one when i watched
a really early stream long ago and so
XCOM to to keep it up assholes that's
all thank you I'm glad glad to spread
the love love and pain I lost I lost my
psychic my only psychic oh that is her
first mission oh that's always a shame
yeah I went out when I got my first
psychic I gave her like all of the armor
and all of the best weapons just cuz
like I didn't even know what her powers
did and it's just like I just want to
know what they do I had a shot at an
alien but like I also could have just
used my regular gun it's like do I use
her special powers what if I don't kill
the alien and she dies but then I'll
never know what her powers do cuz I'll
just use the gun it's great
they're on the roof course around there
if that's the place to be um let's see
oh sorry where am I
crobat five five can you please turn
down the donation alert volume it's
obnoxiously loud and many people are
complaining about it in the chat yes
we've turned it down clicking click says
oh my god and clicky click says another
one there you go that sounds
significantly quieter to us chat was
that quieter to you which is the
important thing is the important
November tango 19 says I just want to
say how wrong you guys are about the
green arrow
who's fucking awesome and how Hawkeye is
as boring and b-list as the actor that
plays him oh oh
jeremy renner dis come on you didn't
love him in National Lampoon's senior
trip Oh everybody's saying much quieter
much better much better
great there you go sorry about that
everybody
it must have defaulted back to normal
volume when the computer restarted we
will remember to do that from now on now
it's perfect people are even saying it's
too quiet now which is ridiculous yeah
it's fine no you know what here's here's
the thing about the green arrow here's
the perfect the perfect example of why
it's such a lame show so hee-hee in
season when he comes back to his city
how many seasons is open on I think it's
in its third ok maybe even fourth oh my
god I just watch it I don't know he
comes back in he and he he's the
vigilante like you know they haven't
given him his nickname yet right he's
just the vigilante oh we got to stop
that vigilante he's killing people and
then he like rebrands himself and even
though he doesn't wear anything
different and he still fights crime with
a bow and arrow they start calling him
the hood and the arrow right ok it's
like ok now he's the hood now zero but
then he has to like really reinvent
himself so he's no longer the vigilante
he's no longer the arrow and he gives a
press conference
as the arrow with his robin hood hood
yeah and everything and he says the the
I am the arrow no longer I am here to
protect this city I will now be known as
the Green Arrow I'm not the arrow
anymore I added a color I'm the green
arrow and that's different fucking lame
fucking lame
gobbledygook awesome early euro stream
thanks guys did you know the Green Arrow
is a playable character in DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free fucks you
always get us with that get you baby I
expected I like it I never I never
remember that that a DC Universe Online
for the ps4 is free he fucks you've been
trying to get us to play that game for a
while okay I just don't I don't I don't
think it's gonna happen as a fighter
game it's like a it's like a superhero
MMO Multi open-world massively online
multiplayer game it's a thing it's a
thing it's a thing pardon me um
extremely ordinary Stephane or Stefan
hey guys rich you already talked about
your love of for preacher but what are
your thoughts on trans Metro Politan
never read it probably should know and
now they say next to preacher it's one
of my favorite books of all times
greetings from Germany from German
wouldn't talk we are from Germany and we
used to have a wall and now we don't
anymore
and I had two years of German yeah
that's cool yeah all I remember is good
and Doug who does I can see fine home
which I won't call yes fine who not a go
it's a dirty word not by our standards
okay pig dog calling somebody picked on
you capital e both mobile animals in my
opinion there's a lot worse things you
can call someone than a combination of a
pig and a dog nah you have a capitalist
Pig pig dog yeah you don't need to watch
you don't need to I'm in reading the
chat you don't need to watch the arrow
to enjoy the flash and I think the flash
isn't actually a good show it's still a
little cheesy but it's it's comfortable
with its cheese and I think that's
really important you know it's a little
lighter tones not trying to be grander
than its budget allows exactly
it's fun I want to say this week's
episode which I haven't seen yet they
are literally fighting a street shark
did you remember the street shark I do
yeah there's a character in the DC
Universe that is essentially a street
shark okay and the flash is fighting him
and I gotta love that but you don't have
to watch street sharks
was it a cartoon first or a toy line
first Street sharks yeah toy line first
I think they made the cartoon I've never
heard of street sharks it was a 90 hey
lend of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle
Creek very tail end yeah they tried to
make a bunch of those shows that like
we're just ap like a mutant he made
something there was a hamster one I run
a biker mice from well that's not saying
I'm not hamsters biker mice from mars
yeah yeah biker mice from mars they
turned the toxic avenger into a Saturday
morning cartoon one of the most violent
disgusting movies of the 80s the 80s
were great where a child gets his head
crushed by a car Hey look they made a
movie of that cartoon I love hey can we
rent it I love it's based off of a
cartoon oh yeah they tried to turn the
toxic avenger into a Ninja Turtles type
thing you had a whole team of
friends with him welcome to having an
r-rating you have a big deal kids can't
see this I saw Robocop in the theater I
was fine I fucking loved it yeah look
how many times that guy got shot
this is did you see that guy belt the
only thing that really fucked me up in
that movie was the the toxic waste
melting man that was great it was great
I loved it but that was still like
freaked out by us but the rest of the
violins in that movie I don't remember
really bothering me all that much as a
kid
hmm toxic avenger bothered me more it's
not as violent of a movie overall but
the violence was creepier and weirder
like the idea and it was supposed to be
a comedy which I didn't get because I
was like how can it be a comedy when
there's all this gore that movie really
fucked with my brain wait toxic revenger
yeah yeah I thought I thought for some
reason I thought you're still in Robocop
who knows I don't know I understood
Robocop was like very supposed to be a
cop is that supposed to be a comedy but
it's tongue-in-cheek and hilarious right
for all of my issues being affected
horribly by violence was not in one of
them I go out of my way I got out of my
way not to step on ants mmm and I think
both of you have seen me catch bugs and
like Cub yeah and let them go outside
rather than squish the bug but that's
weird but I'm not somebody who takes
sick pleasure in violence because I
watched r-rated movies right you're not
like say exploding varmints for fun
problem right right agreed
uncool aid man question for Jo an
important question that we have not yet
resolved today Jay have you see no I
haven't seen the witch yet we haven't
stood up yet so you haven't been able to
I haven't announced yet ever seen the
witch add I really want to it looks
right up my alley it looks like my type
of horror movie but I haven't had a
chance to see it okay hopefully later
this week
that wasn't a clap but that was me like
brushing my hands because he did a good
job
yep ah took care of that yeah he did a
good job there a gentleman you lost a
guy but you know you're playing on the
hon on a Hard difficulty
I love oh this is the guy oh he's not
gonna talk he said he said something
like oh I just wanted J to hear his
voice commander this month you've been
mediocre the council is proposing we
terminate your employment
commander helm or uh Biff meat slab Jay
the Twin Peaks book written by Mark
Frost that leads up to the next season
is up for pre-order are you gonna check
it out or just wait for the show
salutations from Arizona I II don't know
I haven't read much about what the book
is about as far as if it's trying to
catch you up to speed and what has
happened in the last 20 years or
whatever so I have to find out what
exactly the book is about first before I
decide if I want to read it before
watching the show my first instinct is
to just wait for the show but like I'm
not even looked into the book too much
so I don't know what it's about
No well there you go tip eunice did i
miss a tip somebody said you didn't read
somebody's to it but it might have been
her - oh it was a little one but you
guys might not know the tip rule usually
we we only read the tips if it's two
dollars or more they don't find a way to
say - not like alert or something now I
know and what else there's a lot of
things we got to do under - here's a
little something for dick and the boys
quick question as an aspiring George
Lucas I'd like to ask where my boy
Richard got the beard for his classic
George cosplay thanks for all the last
guys I didn't buy the beard so I got the
beard it was just at a costume shop in
Milwaukee does it have a name is it
about because it's like a greaser beer
or something or oh no that was the wig
the wig is like a greaser wig that we
spray-painted gray and the beard is just
a beard from a costume shop they have
nice beard like you know it's not one of
those like elastic back beard no no you
have to glue it on with spirit gum and
it's a good it's a quality fake beard
yeah not top of the line but right in
the middle if you had a cheapo a costume
store or a hollow you have to go some
we're a little above a Halloween store
yeah you don't want to go to like Bart
says party supply or a place like that
don't even know if Bart's as a regional
I don't even know if that's a nationwide
thing but did you go to Miller in
Campbell yeah yeah you got I got another
quality costume shop or something
important we should bring up something
important we should bring up we have an
email address that people are going to
send questions to right oh yes yeah go
ahead what what is going on is we are
actually going to have an interview with
some of the devs of XCOM to the who is
it the lead producer lead producer and
lead art oh yeah give me give me for
sure who it is because I just I just
found out before we stream so I don't
remember who it was yet Greg and gara
gara and Gauri little Greg and Garth
from praxis game they are
yeah not Gareth Garth okay okay Greg and
Garth from Firaxis games Greg is the
lead producer Garth is the lead art
director we are going to interview them
because of their involvement in X come
to and if you guys would like to ask
them a question either tweet at us at
previously rec and we'll write them down
or email us prereq at red letter media
calm and I'll send out a tweet the day
of to get more questions but a thanks to
our good friend Kevin over at Firaxis
hooked us up with an interview we're
very excited to talk to them rich is
very rich has some hard questions we're
gonna demand answers no I know what's
gonna happens we're gonna do the
interview and I'm just gonna I'm gonna
be a totally blank out and it's gonna be
sitting there awkwardly for like 20
minutes before we think say anything and
it's gonna be like idle chitchat and
it's gonna be the worst thing ever
that's everything everybody involved is
going to regret it
yep Ricky's gonna back
it's gonna be fine so if you have any
questions that you would like asked to
ask the developers send us an email or
tweet and we will make sure we do so
maybe if it's a good question how big is
your cock we're probably not going to
ask that question probably why do you
suck so much oh yeah I do want to ask
them you know because a big thing about
this game as compared to the first one
is these timed missions you know the
countdown timer right and one of the
most popular mods for the game is
removing the countdown timer so I'd love
to ask them just as a game developer
this is something you thought was
important to the game but people don't
like it and you know how do you react to
something like that how's them how does
that make you feel that's a good
question yeah I like that you like that
quiz I like that question I'm excited
I'm excited to pick their brain a little
bit I even wrote a theme song know you
can think it now cuz it won't be um you
know because the theme song has been
vetoed bye bye bye everybody
people who haven't even heard it yet or
like nope I thought it was a good theme
song I thought we'd have like a little
fun intro yeah and go doo-doo-doo-doo
Jack and Rich talk about games with the
people who make the games and like it
would kind of end a little awkwardly
I thought that it would be a really
funny and quirky little theme song rich
and and Jay did not like it Jack and
rich talk about games with people who
make their games dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun anyway
hmm anyway anonymous says Jay are you a
fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
uh yeah I don't watch it regularly but
they're on so I'll watch an episode or
two on Netflix it's not a show you can
binge watch have you ever watched it of
course cuz it gets a little tiresome
after like two episodes cause it's just
like them constantly yelling at each
other and flag it up it's fun in small
doses it's always funny but I agree yeah
you can't you can't watch it too many in
a row or it gets tiring but I like it
yeah upgrade oh my god what is the
upgraded Scilab oh it's two hundred and
twenty-five supplies to finish that
thought Guillermo del Toro was in last
week's episode as pappy mcpoyle
guillermo del toro that's interesting
it's a great show great show and the
people involved are great yeah well then
the show start like they just shot their
own pilot yep like for free hmm like
that's great they just it was just
something they wanted to make they're
also like the ones that shoot the show
yeah yeah they're all involved
creatively mm-hmm that's great good for
them good for them anonymous says here's
two pounds longtime prereq viewer but my
first live stream or gyro friendly
streams please lol song minguk cook
thanks anonymous we should make this a
regular thing yeah as many people ask
for it maybe a monthly some sort of
monthly euro req
I'd say Sunday's are generally better as
far as other things going on sure in
terms of having earlier streams yeah but
in general but then like you know
competing with like American football
but the Europeans won't oh yeah they
wouldn't care anyway there you go done
Don lost in technicolor says thanks for
the Euro friendly stream I can finally
watch from Waco Texas in Central Europe
what Jay I just watched room it was
great room is great
I thought the revenant was an emotional
experience not anymore
okay as compared to room yeah room is a
much better movie dramatically different
type of movie of course but I yeah I was
surprised by how much I liked room
that's people people like my fee I've
not not many but I've seen a couple
people like my theme song I'm sure it
was out of pity I'm sure was out of pity
do-do-do-do-do-do with therapy I all day
all day last week yep yep oh yeah the
room that's the problem with the movie
room it sounds just like the room that's
exactly the problem whenever you say
room people are gonna think of Tommy was
so movie yeah Reiner enjoying the banter
fellas keep it up I'm going to be
getting some friends together to watch
space cop soon looking forward to it I
find that the space cop is best if
viewed alone mostly drunk you need to be
mostly drunk kind of sleepy viewed alone
kind of sleepy that's the optimal space
cop doing blindfold with earplugs that's
the way you should watch yes that's how
I plan on watching Batman versus super
bad I'm sure I'll enjoy it much more
that way Batman vs Superman
I think the the real problem I'm gonna
have with that is right before I go see
Batman vs Superman I am gonna feel the
need to rewatch Man of Steel well no no
I have no interest in rewatching it I've
no interest in are you watching it but I
will feel a need to why what's
complicated plot elements do you need to
remind yourself of well in more so to
give Batman vs Superman the benefit of
the doubt perhaps perhaps tying it all
together is exactly what it needs I know
that's the idea behind it right right
rich is right rich is right yeah cuz
this isn't it during like the big fight
in the city at the end of Man of Steel
Batman's in the city at the time some
shit and Wayne tech in Metropolis loses
so many that's as the driving force I'm
gonna kill it
I'm gonna breed the funny thing is I've
seen people try and say that that was
their plan all along
nope nope not even close
don't be a head of steel with a surprise
hit I mean I think people probably
assume it would do well but it did
really well yeah they're like oh shit
let's rush into Justice League movie
atrophic Batman and the next Superman
movie that's their whole problem is
they've been did tried to rush to answer
what Marvel is dude that Man of Steel
Avengers was a surprise it know Man of
Steel what does Avengers have to do with
anything I think the if if Man of Steel
Avengers was a big hit Man of Steel was
a bigger hit than they were expecting so
they said shit we gotta follow the form
of the Avengers we're oh we have to
immediately rush into our superhero team
movie right but I don't I don't think
Batman vs Superman was a reaction of Man
of Steel success because if it was just
Man of Steel was a success they would
have just made another Superman movie
well no but they wanted to make another
Superman was their first big hit out of
these they've been trying to do a DC
stop right since it was such a big hit
they wanted to immediately rush to like
a team-up movie that would lead into an
Avengers type group movie sure but I but
I think that was a direct reaction to
Avengers not necessarily Man of Steel as
I guess my
or manage you say it's their first big
hit isn't it was the only one everything
the only the only Disney movies before
that were thee with a dark night which
did a lot better sure then Man of Steel
yeah but that that chapter is over now
we're talking sure they're trying to
start something new with Man of Steel
they should have done Man of Steel do a
standalone Batman movie establish your
characters like Marvel was doing but
instead they're like we gotta rush into
a Batman movie and put him in saran and
then we'll get the Justice League movie
right away I think it was a planned rush
from the get-go we'll do a Superman wand
then we'll do the Justice League oh man
I don't know that it was a surprise
because the Man of Steel is a big hit
because that was the first attempt at
this you're right I don't think there
was any talk of doing like a Justice
League movie before I'm sure they're
right again everyone was watching Marvel
cranking out money yeah I'm sure that's
what they intended and they were going
to rush into it yeah I guess regardless
of the the way things went the the point
is that they were always rushing
everything the mark instead of taking
their time and doing the the slow and
steady Marvel route they just rushed
into everything that everyone can agree
on am I am I wrong I'm thinking that
Marvel built momentum relatively slowly
and Oh Iron Man was a smash head yeah
but like whether you like the first
Captain America movie and the first Thor
movie were they with a huge they yeah I
mean they're all big enough hits let him
keep going but they they did it slowly
because they weren't expecting Iron Man
to do well yeah Iron Man is the real
surprise but the thing yeah Iron Man was
a huge hit they didn't immediately rush
into an Avengers movie right they still
took their time and tried to build up
all the characters they formulated a
plan right they even and that plan has
been working for them as opposed to what
they're doing with the DC movies and our
one is worried about Batman vs Superman
not doing well so they're pushing back
the Justice League movie you know maybe
we should do a standalone Batman movie
Batman vs Superman are predicting no
we're certainly a good r-rated DVD
already DVD yeah that's what it's so
true because various
I haven't seen them in 15 years
Oh Marvel seems to be doing it thinking
whatever what I think I think our girls
and they're coming about Wonder Woman's
in it Wonder Woman's in Wonder and
Wonder Woman gets her own movie right
away go yeah it's so obvious it's so
transparent let's see here um read my
letter says can you please ask rich to
replicate the nasal noise he made in the
latest we love the worst it's for my
friend Erik oh and Giovanni who haven't
stopped talking about it since just me
talking yeah your voice is a nasal noise
read my letter you might need to be a
little more specific I'll check for your
name in the chat so you might not -
nasal noise context was going on Shakti
bowel has a very important question what
is that small child doing on cam I don't
know we let him in that's a real I do
what I want
wait I saw that please Jack please
mention UFO game series to rich he must
check it out it's basically real-time X
comments amazing real-time I don't know
they were real time I've heard of it
I know they're real time if it's real
time I can go fuck itself rich does not
like real time strategy
he likes turn-based he likes taking his
time planning his attacks all that fun
stuff
Beauty boom I hear ya
I'm still looking for a read my letter
you've actually just successfully turned
me off of the UFO series read my letter
says Matt Matt make me did you do
anything like that oh wait you know
there's the part when they're trying to
make noises with their nose oh that's
that yeah yeah oh there you go read it
glad we could help
alright let's see here count
ESCO says hey what are your opinions on
modern high quality TV shows like Fargo
Fargo is the best it's the best show
Fargo is the best show relatively
speaking I think TVs more entertaining
than movies yeah the problem is there's
so much there's so much like every
there's so many TV shows that people say
are like great now and better than you
know what's in theaters because you can
take your time and you know have a story
play out over a longer period of time
and flesh out the characters but there's
so much of it like I still haven't
watched Mad Men mm-hm I haven't got back
the Breaking Bad yet there's too much
alright but I guess it's a good thing
there's more like options to choose from
than there used to be in the olden days
of TV well and now we you get stuff like
you know Netflix and Amazon Prime and
Hulu where if you want to just binge on
a back catalogue of something you have
that opportunity right far I personally
think that Fargo season 1 is better than
season 2 I know
fire season 2 is the best many people
the best angry with me but Fargo
brilliant yeah
also fuck y'all from Finland says count
ESCO let's see here Anonymous has a very
important question hey hey hee hee I
make poo-poos and peepees 1 comes out
the front one comes out the back for
both we wipe and flush but for 1 we will
wipe a little more that is a very true
yeah and comical statement whoever said
that originally must be very funny sick
said do you guys play hearthstone it's a
children's card game that you win by
basic arithmetic and total luck
it's very streamable also what yeah no
we neither of us play hearthstone I know
many people do stream it and enjoy it
but rich and I do not play that game we
also personally have no strong feelings
about it pro or con rich no feelings at
all there we go done also what did the
kid oh that was nasty
also what did the kid want with water
dog got hit by a fucking car what I
think that's from the top dog review
I think we've released a lot of videos
everyone so I'll see comment or
something I'll tweet at me something
related to like a video from three years
ago and I'm like what is the context of
this right let's see here what do you
guys think of gal Skeletor Godot playing
Wonder Woman has she been in anything
else I don't know anything about her she
looks like Wonder Woman
all life scene is what's in that trailer
and she looks fine yeah I don't know
where you getting Skeletor for I know
nothing about her she looks like Wonder
Woman
is also you should know that Wonder
Woman is a fictional character so you
know you
have her look like different things
that's true depending on which artist
draws her which actress plays her mm-hmm
I asked alga doges acted in anything
else I don't know anything about her I
don't know anything about gal gadot I'm
gonna Google her right now that was the
case with Superman
- but what's-his-face the guy who plays
Superman now Henry Cavill you'll know he
knew who the fuck he was there you go
Henrique available now he's Superman
Brandon Rawe the old Superman yeah now
plays a superhero on a d-list CW
superhero show Wow legends of tomorrow
so that all worked out for him he's
still working he was fine a Superman
uses the Lisa that movies problems oh
fuck okay
go all right I don't want to sign up for
IMDB Pro how do I close this how do I
close this you don't apparently I don't
by the way
gal gadot is an Israeli actress and
model she was born and rush how young
young Israel that's not accurate she's
been in some fast and furious movies
oh she was apparently Furious 7 Furious
6 Fast Five Furious 9 which one did we
see we did one for the show I think it
was 7 she's in that one I don't remember
her do you know Gisele - my fridge is L
from Furious 7 I don't know these people
I remember Michelle Rodriguez I think
she was in it Michelle Rodriguez no
she's in some of them I remember nothing
about Furious 7 if you can remember k
but I remember it if you're gonna
remember gizelle that's gal gadot
superior conditioning I think she looks
like an attractive lady the only thing I
remember Furious 7 is when the rock
flexed his cast off he was barely in the
movie of assuming because he had other
projects going on or whatever so he gets
injured at the beginning isn't the
hospital through the whole movie and
then at the end they come back to him in
the hospital he's got a cast on and he
knows the team needs his help so he
flexes his cast off and leaves the
hospital that sounds awesome it's kind
of amazing
he sounds like great films yep vii was
entertaining I know the first the first
few are like generic action movies and
then they started to get a little silly
with it yeah but the only one I've seen
is 7
I think it's 7 if that's what we did for
the show whatever what it was
I'm very invested in that series for
