Mediocre. (The Witness Part 3)
January 27, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DjlOA2Q9xE

I need to Jesus Janee Kokkola says I
just ordered my space cop blu-ray I'm so
excited
yes you should be rich Jack and everyone
are Earlham thank you for everything you
guys do PS rich are you caring going to
have a Star Trek themed wedding
probably not my wedding plans are to do
whatever the hell she wants to do I'm
not picky I want to be able to say we're
married the specifics of it the wedding
or no it's big a concern of mine
smart man I don't think most men dream
about their wedding day little boys
though stereotypically it's a girl thing
hmm there were there were some specifics
that I knew that I knew I needed you
know but yeah it wasn't like a oh
nothing I said you a hit huh hold on
I'll be right back need some water you
go do that
mm are you ready
holy shit it's the same exact puzzle
with the same solution gimmick for like
45 minutes now I not paying attention a
long time ago
very quickly saw what the game was gonna
be and I'm like is that oh it's all your
doing
yep whole game it's like dull portal
without GLaDOS and fun and sorry rich
turn off the game I think you know we're
just too deep for that at this point
we're already we're already waist-deep
am I not am I not entertaining isn't
that it's not me alone entertaining
enough I know I'm not not alright yeah
definitely not I said that out loud and
I realize how ridiculous that sounded so
yeah try a tribe I can tell you I'm done
playing any game on this tablet that I
want to though I can tell you I'm
playing or not playing XCOM right now
now I'm playing I'm playing FTL fucking
FTL on your tablet while I'm playing
this I totally could play FTL on this
tablet yeah I said installed no you sure
it's not I know it's not insult I have I
think I have the de GOG version so I
don't need to steam on here to install
that no let's see do not do not install
it you know gog i know yo your wine will
you do it why so they can watch this
game well they know I'm playing FTL you
it's time you have to talk to them I am
too I can talk to the camera now while
I'm playing I feel I'll just stop
playing let's just stop talking I'll
just start playing FTL and they can
still watch me playing FTL they just
won't be able to see it how do I open up
a new tab on this fucker
I'm gonna go to gog.com do that
rich you're evil genius yes yes I am an
evil genius
oh that's Chanti that's point that's not
it's not open on a browser of course of
course not there we go there we go
here's browser right gog.com why don't I
get to typing gee wait would you put it
go away anything well wait
there we go Jean I see it one letter and
the keyboard disappears uh-huh why does
the keyboard disappear after I hit one
fucking water
I don't know it did that for me too oh
this is so stupid
yeah that is so stupid my livery I think
the reason why I found this because it
might be broken
I found this unused and I think it's
because it might be broken I just need
to get that the GOG got the GN all right
now search google search to ug ug calm
loading up the page Oh the page yeah
this would be absolutely evil evil is
gonna be logging in with this
disappearing keyboard wait I'm being and
being stupid like usual though cuz I can
flip this thing up that got keyboard not
I can type in you Vince I've been
driving a lot I've only like that like
sure
and I don't remember how long an
information because at my home computer
this stuff is all just saved no we're
gonna remember what it is
uh-huh I feel for you no I don't I
wonder how much everyone hates me if you
actually start playing I think a lot of
people all ages yeah you think I'll lose
goodwill oh yeah but it's funny I don't
totally funny I don't think people care
or whether or not it's funny I think go
to my ear go to my account there we go
there we go where we have our way out
he's alphabetical or these by order of
purchase right you might actually be
trying to download FTL here there we go
FTL advanced edition why we're not oh
that's great you got it you haven't you
have a chance to watch every ten minutes
too much download oh you have a chance
to watch it's your job to watch chat oh
yeah I can thank the both thank the boss
that's fine I'm DeBolt no it's okay I
mean they get to enjoy watching although
the witness the chat can control what
game we play but if you want to change
game I enjoy this idea much more do you
enjoy the idea of torturing yeah because
I am a prick I am a horrible prick with
a twisted and evil sense of humor uh-huh
I can agree on this why is this called
witness cuz you get the witness be
playing FTL that's why it's called
witness
Anonymous is rich don't turn off the
game play music to soothe the game but I
know the Advent arch-vile says just got
my mom and dad hooked on best the worse
riches break down during the double down
episode had them in tears from laughing
nice job guys thank you thank you very
much now I'm gonna get back to
downloading FTL 32 seconds rich you
horrible prick I know I know
that's happening here
Oh
I know and he's just said right now
don't worry I know
that was little sound the computer makes
to make sure that you want to down to
run an application downloaded yes I've
read and accept the EU la alright the
right now er the right now er uh-huh
this is just doing my part and keeping
you queefs online space god was great
but the extras of rich destroying
everything should be the real draw love
you guys
xoxoxo oh my god I haven't did the wrong
it's in an xoxox I throw an extra hug in
there because I'm just greedy for hugs
even the rich likes hugs
he's like soft I do he's like Olaf would
beat says rich
have you seen chaos on the bridge it's a
documentary about the first few to
submit you us face pose
it's a multi-tool it's multi us thank
you years of TNG the issues between
Roddenberry and the rest of the writers
etc it's great on Netflix I have seen it
and it's interesting but it's weird how
Gene Roddenberry just kind of falls out
of the documentary halfway through I'm
sure he probably wasn't having great
health issues at the time it's like they
don't say much about that just like the
first half of that documentary is all
Gene Roddenberry and the conflicts and
going back and should he be back then
they just stopped talking about Gene
Roddenberry and they start talking about
all the other writers yeah think you can
just falls out of the documentary until
the end where he's dead no oh he got
sick he went away show not really good
he's dead we're not saying they're
related not saying that it was really in
charge that first season that first
horrible horrible cease
no one is infallible horrible horrible
season storming installer
that's what missing something
well there you go
yeah
dammit Gene Roddenberry had a stroke in
89 right a season 3 started airing yes
but he wasn't in good health before that
either it doesn't sound like he was an
especially great health when they were
making season 1 either rich being a shit
host you know what you know what I had
to say about that what what do you have
to say I'll tell you now playing huh did
you lose it
say in a second here when I have shaved
my behalf say what that this is just not
work
I'm just not working what I'm very happy
that that's what I have to say about
that
you know I'm using myself at the end of
the day that's really what's important
isn't that really what's important there
that Richie loses himself
you know you're right that's that's
what's of course let's do this about
pausing tell anybody I this that buzzing
okay I'm gonna name a character huh huh
you're gonna make me carry this is this
is weird with a touchscreen yeah yeah
crude all right what am I gonna name
this character I don't rich anybody ever
heavens this other character Richard
their third character okay yeah yeah
tough choice what's a girl son going
with Regina Regina
okay accept
jump oh oh I hate you touch great after
there's like two mouse buttons done they
see yeah that's weird yeah they kind of
suck that's a how are you fucker
okay all the trouble the world hit that
was kinda yeah kinda I do kind of hope
that you have all the trouble in the
world hitting all the buttons just name
him asshole yeah yeah I think they're
trying to tell you something right I
understand
think they're trying to tell you being
an asshole oh so weird touchscreen and
not pause alright I got hit once yeah
check out his weapons I wish I wish I
cared about you getting hit we're not
getting hit well hold on in the middle
of a no pause run I'll check that out in
a second okay I think rich has his
priorities straight straight now those
priorities right away leftover beefcake
says I'm giving this tip to Jack because
rich doesn't love us anymore we love you
jack finally oh yeah
hey rich this is madness absolute and
utter utter absolute madness I am going
to escort them up to their destination
good no I was hoping I was hoping that
you'd do that I was really I'm I was
worried that you weren't gonna escort
them Jack what what route do you think I
should take should I go down here and
then up or should I hit that that's
section up there to the top first I am
playing anything what I'm playing games
called the witness there's some stores
down south but I don't have much scrap
yet I think I'll try heading north maybe
I'll hit the store before the witness is
the game that we are gonna play I was
gonna be exciting and I'm gonna flare up
here solar flares fire or some you know
this is a fun game to play pop them a
lot puzzles nice visuals good atmosphere
one of those types of situations there's
a tip where like you have to wait for
the battery battles done was another one
day I read 100 that's right yeah okay I
don't there was one that was only a
$2.00 a $1 tip no we don't read those oh
yeah ask me minimum $2 so you can sit
here watching me play FTL while you
actually see Jack playing witness fucked
up is that man you know it's not a fair
world I guess I mean it I'm sorry
everybody I'm sorry that rich is such a
deal whore
let me jump out of this flare before I
before I read that here that was just
about it's just about to go off I got
out I got out we're all right
everything's fine
there we go all right
can you set up a mirror so we can
right one dollar - thank you though we
have something up so you just can't
donate when it's under - we tried that
it did work right well they like they
can still donate but I don't want to
even to say what the fuck and he has to
be clearer that two dollars is the
minimum though if we do that
oh wise it's not fair sure sure all
right I need to stop this
the joke is going on joke is going on
Wow you have that going for a while I
know I know I really was playing god
damnit but I'm not gonna torture
everybody for ever thinking you'd let
that go out for a while too cruel you
know what I have some some moral
grounding I mean I'm surprised shocked
and surprised rich have you seen
terminator genisys yet oh why would I
that's that's that's the correct answer
Green killer 11 Green killer the one one
there else rabbit says God bless you
rich Evans Josh the wizard - Evan names
it does Josh does Josh have a twitch
does he ever joined in the stream chat I
don't believe so
okay I don't believe so if that is you
Josh I hope can't striker says rich I
love XCOM like you but I won't be able
to play Escom - because I'll be at
school and Las Vegas for the next five
months would you name a rookie after me
when you stream if I remember - yes I
will
Hellcat striker there you go that's a
terrible to be in Vegas for five months
oh my god
well maybe it's for work or schools
they're gonna learn things yeah sit
there in a classroom for a couple hours
gamble all fucking night
pick up some hookers cuz you can do you
can do that there you can pick up some
hookers not in Vegas no you can't pick
them up you gotta go to their room
cathouse yeah but that's not a very luxe
you they have to bust you it's it's
prostitution I'm about to talk about
this as if I have this kind of knowledge
I've been to Vegas many times but
prostitution it's something you can you
can have knowledge of without
participating sure because it's really
interesting fact of Nevada so it's legal
in Nevada but not within the city limits
of Las Vegas weird yes very weird and so
when you're on the strip people be
handing out prostitute cards it's this
whole thing and they have this whole
thing and they slap the cards oh hey
hand them out it's all like migrant
workers just handing out prostitute
cards right that's the job and then you
know if if there's a lady that you like
you not only pay for the lady but you
pay for a bus ride out there you pay it
like it's got package deal oh yeah we'll
drive you out drinks and blah blah
ladies and all can you just drive out
there in your own no cuz I'm sure like
it's some sort of deal yeah no no okay
yeah it's a whole thing
Telecom says rich you cigar-chomping
honey go what yes my son call me a cigar
shopping coming oh okay
all right I've never been to Vegas
you've never been to Vegas I know if I
went I'd be broke
what
Oh Vegas is fun Vegas is fun and there's
a lot to do that's not gambling but
there's not a lot to do that's not free
so yeah yeah you might you might you
just be a little broke leftover beefcake
says I was going to donate two thousand
dollars to hear that awesome Tom Wilson
voice but you know what forget it I
screwed myself over with that FTL's
absolutely completely screwed myself
over don't you ever get bored of
dragging these lines around yes I am
officially bored of dragging these lines
around oh my god I'm just really I just
want to get through this Sun Temple and
then I'm done it's it's uh it's very I
get it I get it I totally get it
but yeah I'm done I'm done with it
Apple Chris says I can't believe he
worked on this game for like 12 years
and this is it oh is that the thing is
that the thing um you know it's
interesting it's very vision it's very
visually impressive but yeah it's just
puzzle lines man it is just puzzle lines
and and I am like I'm done I'm very down
the Zaius says the tip is for earthbound
on the Wii U enjoy hopefully note you
can gift Wii U games by purchasing them
at nintendo.com and sharing the download
code oh okay well that is good to know
oh we got out of the Sun Temple okay I
have defeated the Sun Temple oh thank
God we can stop playing oh my god oh
we're gonna wait for the laser to fire
okay well you know that's the reward
they seeing the laser fire here comes
here comes its calibrating see that's
our leather laser there we go fleas are
fired Wow
I'm sure I'm quite sure the puzzles get
a lot harder that in no way will make
this better
what is your opinion you played this
firm what do you have to say about your
mini review so three hours in mm-hmm
here's my mini review I get it it's it
looks like they took like the something
that would've been an occasional mini
game yeah I'm a different game and they
just made an entire fucking game out of
it I think that's really accurate
and I feel I feel no need to play any
more of it mm-hmm and I'm sure like the
next area they're gonna have their own
shtick you know like this is this one so
this one was all about reflections like
the Sun reflection you know the puzzle
so you have to figure out how to see the
Sun reflect for like an hour and a half
right doing the same thing yeah and it
just it gets old really fast it would be
great if I if the other areas were open
and you know like oh I'm tired of the
Sun temple right now imma brains a
little fried oh I'll go to this other
area and do some of these but seems like
you have to do one at a time a run
button would also be great shift
well the keyboard will shift hold down
the second it wasn't a very fast runners
like slightly quicker maybe it's cuz I'm
in the sand I thought you're gonna
accidentally hit quit oh no I thought I
saw something that I wanted to check out
how do I get down there again oh yeah
over again in opening up the elevator it
looked like another area opened up you
just don't get it jack that's true it's
I just don't get the art and it's pretty
it's fine what's you know what's really
important this is something when I talk
to clients about like what kind of video
they need or or you know like what kind
of you know products I can help give
them is like understanding what it is
that you're making and like who's gonna
who's going to consume it and and what
medium where it's like I've talked to
clients and they wanted you know like a
snappy little video and blah blah do
this and I was like no actually you know
you don't want a video what we should do
is make a gif like the thing you want is
a gif and we can you know we'll shoot it
in video we'll edit it and we'll do
all that and then I will give you a gif
an animated gif you don't want a video
you don't want anyone to have to play it
and they're like oh sure and you know
that's what I end up delivering because
they why would they want this and said
huh what's the reasoning of the gif oh
well like Ferg's a client was looking
for something that they could easily
share yeah on social media yeah I talked
with you about this form of the chat
hasn't heard this oh sure sure so like
what they wanted is something that they
could easily share like on Twitter right
and a video might not give them that
share ability but a gif like someone
Scrolls past that on Twitter they're
gonna see that move don't chat let's not
getting to this gif gif thing again
I prefer gif but the guy who invented
the fuck of things calls them a jiff so
we're just fucked no yes he gets naming
rights no no graphics interchange format
I I agree completely
this is locked I agree completely
so his naming rights are bullshit and I
have to go back up now
so in any case here here's a game like
you said these puzzles could have been a
really interesting part of a different
game mm-hm
these puzzles could have been an app and
you figure out how to do the puzzle on
your iPhone while sitting on the toilet
and you know what probably would have
been a very popular app and he decided
to give them to us in this format in a
beautifully rendered 3d world that is so
far entirely unnecessary
oh so that's that is my micro that's my
review three hours in to the witness and
I'm so done I'm just done
there is going to be an iOS release
thank you twitch plays Pokemon I believe
it this is and this is an app maybe you
have to like tilt to your iPhone to get
the reflection just right I didn't I
didn't look at the price when we bought
this was this really 40 bucks this was
40 bucks I didn't I wanted to play this
so bad I didn't even look I just assumed
I would I suggested this this is 40
bucks
hold on hold on I'm confirming are we to
my first steam room from quit the game
immediately know I'm whipped the game
immediately immediately we are not
getting a steam refund for 40 bucks
we're getting a steam refund why we're
not getting a scenery friend that would
be disingenuous for hours we we played
for hours we put on the steam refund we
no no we played it for them champ Chet
what is I'm not getting a refund no no
no we played it for them they hated it
they hated him well that's not our
that's not that's not they absolutely
hated it what's the time limit on a
steam refund not getting a steam refund
what is this chat Chad I need your help
hold on what is what is the time limit I
just seem refund it's two hours oh god
damn it oh well I'm looking up for the
price of this cuz now I'm really really
curious what is this called again
witness this is 40 bucks holy shmow holy
shit it was really popular because of
braids right Jonathan Blow the creative
brain and this at this point is just a
scam getting really hot this game oh oh
it's not very good I better cash in
while I can 40 bucks is that what that
is I mean it's quite possible that an
hour from now in the game something in
May
happens maybe there's someone we don't
know we can't well I'm not assuming that
I'm jammed you're saying it's quite
possible not assuming that yeah the the
developer of this game is Jonathan Blow
most famously known for making braids
mmm the time manipulation platforming
puzzler game about 20 hours a GN claims
in their review that there's 40 hours in
this game so how many how many how many
copies did they they sell it at Gaetano
mo guantánamo one-time obey how many
copies do they sell there I have an idea
we'll make the prisoners play the
witness will tell them they can get out
if they 100% it can't do waterboarding
anymore huh how about that witness game
how many copies in a can we afford in
the budget - ah fuck how much is it 40
bucks
what is he crazy that's a scam or
something isn't it
hello it's good touch it ought to be two
hundred and fifty copies of the witness
sir wait we only have one computer yo he
needs to buy one copy of the ham 200
that might have that might have been the
dullest and keep in mind everybody lasts
we
we played a different iPhone game that
had us tapping buttons training a boxer
that was better that was better than the
couple hours we got of this Wow
Jebus H crisp well I'm so sorry chat but
Jonathan Blow was his name Jonathan Blow
Jonathan getting a blow job but there's
$40 shit King Haida for the prostitute
now one prostitute please I uh I have a
very particular fetish $40 prostitutes
every game is a new plus my scam is
coming along wonderfully
they are like my last games now they
shall we got 40 hours for creep 40 got
that one $40 is too much
that was unless of course it it it could
something could happen
don't you think do you think something
could happen
no what happened by now please write a
negative Steam review yes yes we will
well you'll have to rich because you
bought it right yeah yeah rich me right
how did you play it you write it out oh
sure honey I'll post it it's fine rich
is gonna give this one a negative I
can't that was a waste here here's why I
can that was a waste of my time
hopefully rich was entertaining during
that but here's the real thing rich we
just did a public service all these
lovely people in the chat watch this and
go oh my god that's a boring game and
they don't buy it maybe we took a bullet
for you chat you're welcome it looks
nice
now a couple trees yeah that's colorful
lines now play this iPhone AB
in between looking at kind of things
literally you could go in the real world
and look at colorful things and then you
know connect the dots oh look at trip
connected to a squirrel
that's an old possum you know the
problems game is designed for
Millennials because that's what they
know
right they know look around look around
occasionally and then go back to your
screen with the simple I mean I'm trying
I'm trying to justify it where it's like
I guess if you're like I guess if you're
like it would make sense as an app
because you know you pull this up on
your phone lines need five minutes while
I'm thinking all these steam donations
we've barely broken even
Nikolas is hey guys this goes towards
the get $40 back and at least break even
fun what king of idiots says I thought
it'd be different types of puzzles at
least so did I yeah why did this need to
be 3d at all it didn't it didn't this is
it's a it's a at most five dollar phone
game absolutely that's this is what this
is my whole analogy with the with the
understand what it is you're trying to
make in the platform in which you
deliver it you know this was an iPhone
game I guess it needed so like it in his
in Jonathan blows head I thought maged I
thought oh yeah sir I thought mage says
watch the ending to this game please oh
god please gunshot fade to black
hahahaha take this magical device that
says words
you're gonna I'm gonna play the game
alright keep one here's so here's the
real thing is like the later puzzles you
know you needed they like the
reflections that's why you needed to the
sunlight glinting oh this makes perfect
sense huge spoilers the witness secret
area and include spoilers this is what
we're supposed to watch I have no idea
okay mister glitch says it's worth five
bucks just to laugh at you two things
and Tabari HK says here's two dollars
because you can never have your time so
wait this is the ending yeah can they
see this no we know that might we're
playing someone else's YouTube okay the
sound listener yeah oh my god there's no
filler each of those puzzles brings its
own new idea to the mix so this is a
game full of ideas right it's you know
it's fine the remote it's fine it's fine
it's fine
oh geez she's crazy
oh my let's wait to run it's gonna blow
her eardrums out of her so so rich went
to YouTube and what did you type in the
witness ending the witness ending and
we're watching the one called the
Whitney pause it
we're watching the one called the
witness secret area plus ending question
mark brackets huge spoilers it starts
with brackets HD by fuck box fuck box
that's the one we are watching and good
people good people let's give people a
minute to cue it up yeah bad gamer
Korean says I'm watching the same video
okay so where I'll tell you when I had
to start okay ready no donating during
the video oh my god oh my god hold on
it's alright guy says doing my bit to
give you a refund for this shitty game
thank you guys gals those in between we
really appreciate it
this was really I hope it gets better
like I can I just can't see let's see
what happens I'm gonna hit play in three
I'm gon go okay okay
three two one go okay here we go this is
secret area it's very beautiful
oh yeah that's a clever puzzle
really kind of neat there was a club
there was a clever puzzle there
absolutely okay oh that's my stand-up
alarm will stand up after this everybody
we're gonna stand up after this I stand
up alarm just went off you should be
doing this on sink tube I don't know a
sink tube is I'm sorry yeah you guys are
Arthas are on the same part they're like
an a mineshaft in a in a hotel lobby
it's a room with a big window or balcony
maybe in room he's in a big hotel he was
in missed the whole time that's it's
this this is secretly the prequel to
missed is what we're gonna find
AFRICOM 3000 yes we hate the cool puzzle
game nothing ever changed it was the
same types of puzzles over and over and
over and over and over and over and over
again it got really boring
come on man shit to give it and so we're
watching we're watching the secret
ending of this game because I'm sure
this is oh my god what
lots of walking it's about to get lots
lots of walking the art is happening
he's walking into the void
something is happening noises we're in
the darkness and now we're not
oh no reality
what
we're Jonathan Blow no it was a dream
fuck you this can't no this has got to
be a joke right
like someone made this video as a way of
making fun of the game doesn't look like
it
Oh for fuck's sake and he's sick that's
like a bottle of pee it's like a
catheter next to his bed
what's the pretension level what's the
pretension level okay it's just rain
thousand just raised up
did he take out his catheter what what
the actual fuck if he walks outside and
there anything there's no one like he
and he finds like abandoned cars or some
things then fuck him
what is
I didn't know guys I didn't know who's
gonna be like this I'm so sorry I a
puzzle game his last game was it was a
cute game what
what now fall into the Christmas tree
and stumble around in the area swash
screen one said that rich Evans flare
while screaming fuck my balls what that
would be great that would make up for
this whole thing a pine needles in my
eye oh no a reindeer or nobody's is not
what she is oh the video the end cut
scene is a real-life first-person
perspective sick man walking around it
looks like an office after getting out
of a bed that was in an office and any
he's I think he's trying to do the
puzzles in the game so like the game was
a hallucination
he's now eating a cracker this is the
real ending of the game it's a
live-action video of a camera strapped
to a guy's head and he's about to eat a
cracker this is art and we don't
understand it he is now eating a cracker
he is eating a cracker and that we her
I'm sure know I cannot hear him chewing
oh we put the cracker down okay the
crackers down put the cracker barely up
to his face walked around from it and
then put the cracker down on the counter
wait wait he has a spoon he is now he is
now banging a spoon against random
objects in his dirty kitchen the this
this is a real thing that is happening
at the end of a video game
put your head in the oven it's the first
person put your head in the oven can we
do that go to the oven he's walking
towards the up no no he's not gonna like
he's gonna go outside something's gonna
happen gonna have a big door there he's
got to go outside yep
you lock it lock the door now I'm told
it not walking and relocking I'm sure
that means something because really the
real puzzles aren't fuck this looks like
a very nice place to live or work the
house he bought off the profits from
braid sure and now he's getting even
more profit so it was $40 game which
people are gonna buy because they like
braids that's that was my whole thing is
I remember braids I remember my mom
that's why the game is $40 I know look I
will not try to get a refund we streamed
it we're earning money streaming it it
would be disingenuous for us to try to
get a refund totally what I've gotten
really fun it would have gotten real but
I am I'm not that kind of person I mean
obviously this is a you know it's a
business expense it's a tax write-off
I'm not getting a refund no matter how
shit the game is it's still functioning
game refunds are men at this point I
feel like I'm being played ha ha ha I
would have no problem cashing in the
refund
yeah cuz the $40 it's been played
just just how long does this go on just
10 minutes obviously yeah you know I
think it's about 10 minutes long this I
don't like it's hard to tell with with
artists whether this is a scam or not
it's not a good game
well he didn't die so it's not like the
most pretentious thing oh I think he
died because he was sick that was WOW
that was ten minutes of nothing but
somebody basically metaphorically
jerking off yeah the first person can be
respected was somebody metaphorically
jerking off for ten minutes we did not
we did not finish the game we got you
know three hours into the game oh it's
time to stand up everybody it's time to
stand up I can't I can't I can't I just
can't
there was some tips there wasn't hmm
okay Billa hecka says holy shit I feel
sorry for you Jack here's $2 for your
pain and hopefully you can salvage this
experience into an epic first four hours
of witness takedown I don't know we
can't sell with mostly fucking around
with the chat but maybe something we can
do with this we'll see what we can do
with this because this this is bullshit
rich says anonymous stop using your
luscious breasts to get views don't do
it Oh
gruff McMiller
hey you can't you can't do that you
can't do it just my shirt you can't do
that
gruff McMillan teri says it's not your
fault Jack we forgive you thank you
gruff McMahan Terry I I didn't know it
was gonna be like this I didn't know I
didn't get it
Tavor eh cases here's another two bucks
for soap to wash the memory I'm gonna go
home and drink is what I'm gonna do to
Washington remember yeah bad Korean bad
gamer Korean says please consider making
a prereq mini episode about this shit
game because fuck Jonathan Blow this is
like Jack and Jill of video games I
don't like it's not I don't know if I
want to call it a scam it's just not a
good $40 too much $40 you know why
because he knew he can get away with it
yeah yeah and Duke Duke Nukem says
clearly Boyk Newcomb says clearly that
ending was too deep for you guys you
just don't get it
well there's nothing to get whatever
here's my refund uh here's my
contribution to the refund fun thank you
doing can we come and recruit more pimps
for uses rich stand up you stretch your
legs it's important it's important it's
important cardiovascular health
the real Veon right rich the real van
says now I feel really bad for comparing
this to grow home which is a great game
that is an earnest and unpretentious
here's eight baht dollars to buy it on
Steam thank you
I I we I want to do something about the
witness I do
I do want to do something about the
witness unfortunately that might mean
playing it more
no we need no we would need to play it a
little bit more just to make sure that
that's what happens that that we shot
that episode already mister glitch says
now I'm sorry I laughed at you two I
could really use a hug right now that's
okay mr. cloture we'll listen this
happens sometimes I I'm glad we I'm glad
you make the rich your mic broke plug it
back in I instantly want to check the
laughs funny Oh Mike Oh specs poor has a
really good point maybe we should have
played it on Hard difficulty to get the
full effect of the game
that was a great one smack sport this
game is called witness but you know what
mediocre mediocre Wow where did we leave
off the tweet watcher are we are we
caught up with these donations we are
caught up with the donations with this
donations I believe yes we are caught up
with this donations oh my god we have
fucked on here great we're relieved on
fly sir we left off on knowledge junkie
all right
Caesarion fart Theodore J hooker for 17
months in a row gobbledygook s-- 18
months in a row fruit pies a magician
manic 12 15 19 months in a row the off
switch
Biff meets lab 16 months in a row
alright ballon space chemo 17 months in
a row
brad is a geek and rail means rail
network man work and it would be son
just network or the K would be you know
what I mean Devon
Xena trove 18 months in a row toe
decimals smiling strange 17 months in a
row M mind ragged describe where did
over a mile hospice pod lost my spot
lost my spot I gotta find nameless 609
what I said nameless 609 one small ball
rich welcome back to one with small ball
sausage chasm mr. creepy Billa hang on
and 19 months in a row yeah bill
Lakha I always think the logic is the
wrong way right I know I know I say it
wrong yeah
oh I'm saying it wrong it's Billy hecka
it looks like Billy hecka but it's bill
black I think for some reason I I keep
thinking that Bill la hecka is the wrong
way when I know I need to correct it
which is the strange thing to see the
weird thing is I'm actually trying to do
it right I'm just wrong about what the
right way was like every time I go to do
it
I see bone badger 18 months in a row the
irish nerd on twitch his dude miss 1400
well it is his duty very nice the lazy
non-communist 13 months in a row tube or
a HK tube or e HK
twelve months in a row happy year now
you said it right the second time we
also set up half a second it's a bore eh
k2 Barney HK I figured I would he would
rather to boring it looks like you just
just aboard tomorrow eh kappa bor eh
came everywhere else have me saved
everyone else's Castleman negamatter
mini-tour eh k no I would just feel so
so ostracized if I were Tory HK it's sad
the outcast amongst outcasts is just the
most outcast an outcast gonna be I'm I'm
so sorry - bored I'm so sorry but before
we can see contro house of on goofing
like would like to say I usually end up
using your streams to keep myself
entertained while doing light workouts
so thanks for being my workout we are on
I'm losing it yes he's going I say man
it's good there what you say s a name is
good this what do you want okay
I say thing you'll give me rubles
Oh lol napped on 106 you see Bob was
turning into water I've delivered the
garden
man L wait did you miss T Carl Z I said
you're not listen that wasn't what I say
I said think clearly you love here Oh
Matan 106 you should be giving your ears
clean boats safe drone is 16 months in
the row is good gay Carmen Z just
subscribed Carmen Z Carmen's it Deutsch
no I'm saying need to scroll screen to
see word then look at bull been loggin
bull
thank you for just subscribing pruney
toes 20 months in a row pruney toes
pruney toasts maybe it's a maybe it's a
Spanish name there's not metal there was
money I seen it I am eating whatever
they want I do not care and is Quito
they can call themselves lol fuck my
cock for all I care
ok Rob later 12 loner loner arc loner
arch on 17 months in a row halibut barn
nice star Horrible's it sounds like I'm
drunk and thanks for driving star
Horrible's homes there you go
Hellcats striker mokey be 85 beats so uh
mokey mokey mokey mokey b85 rich seems
to think that it's unimportant to
mention that you've got 19 months in a
row for mokey be 85 also pizza train 11
welcome to a year 12 months night night
night so infernal yeah you know you're
not subscribe there that's real good
also Lando was taken 16 months in a row
you skipped over her only I skipped over
2 because I'm a moron pizza tray 1112
watch the roll motherfucker I said that
didn't you you said Lando was taken I
said pizza train first I said welcome to
a year and then you went to nitro
inferno oh my brains all over the place
punchy Brad's right you for driving 16
months in row I let you all scram we
really appreciate Mon runner don't play
the witness shoot yourself in the head
she's up in the flesh you fetch her I
did
