Feb 20, 2018
Slay the Spire
youtube.com/watch?v=KpaBzZWdI3I
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/966114589736828928
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-slay-the-spire

let's do that all over again jack rich
Jack you know what people hate cutesy
animated characters of us do they hate
that they despise them really that thing
that just made filming episodes of
prereq just quick and convenient for us
yeah so for this episode our our
comeback episode rich we're gonna talk
about an early access game so what you
you you thought you had an early you had
this whole early access thing were you
despised the idea yeah for as far as I
could tell no particularly good reason I
did not like the idea and I still don't
yeah like the idea of selling something
that's not quite finished yet for
example we did an episode on a game that
was out in early access yes
called pub G and I came down pretty
harsh on that because I several reasons
but one of the big reasons I came down
harsh on it was because there was no
kill cam and I constantly didn't know
how I died it was very frustrating after
its 1.0 release they got a kill cam oh
you know why it has a kill cam because
it was in early access and they heard
the complaints and they were able to do
something about it because the small
developer yeah who didn't have the funds
of a triple-a dev was able to get that
valuable feedback
yeah yeah you know what a little bit a
little bit of risk/reward
Jack what this is a double-edged sword
yes it's a double-edged sword for the
developer they they get them that like
you know the killcam feedback they get
that yeah but they also get judged early
that's true and that's there's this
benefits in and there's risks risk rule
and I'm I'm fine with it
because occasionally a really good game
will come out of early access and slay
the spire looks promising
it really does nice wraparound that's
great rich
so slay the spire is a bare-bones
deck building roguelike you can pick and
choose what goes in your deck as you
play the game so like like you know a
roguelike instead of finding a powerup
for your sword you find the card that
does you know plus three shield every
turn
exactly exactly and the thing that makes
lay the spire so great is right now they
have enough cards where you can have
wildly different strategies with every
run wildly different yeah
wildly different yes first at first yeah
you talked about this game I thought it
sounds like hand of fate without the
combat yeah but now this there's a lot
of randomization depending on what what
cards you get and what works together
well and sometimes you'll discover
things you hadn't even considered like
this card I keep seeing this card
it seems useless but then just one time
by chance you discover once you use this
card but the card that duplicates cards
well now that's a really good card yes
slay this fire naturally encourages
experimentation because you will get
random cards all the time and you say I
will never use this card fuck that card
until it's in your hand by some magic
spell then you say alright fine I'll use
this car but oh wait oh wait and you
start doing the math and it turns into
something well the the important thing
here though is it's usually the
interaction with another card that that
makes these things special yeah bug on
your it's gone
yeah I smacked it that was one shot one
shot one kill
you can you can have hidden gems in your
deck like you get you find one card and
just like you know you get plus 15
defense 15 shield that sounds really
good but oh it adds two rooms into my
deck
I don't want wounds but then you
discover like you got this other card oh
look this card does bonus damage if you
have wounds all these to go really good
together or you have cards where this
card only works if you exhaust another
card well I could always exhaust a wound
if I have wounds in my hand and so even
cards that you you get in order to work
with one card might end up accidentally
working with another card a great
strategy a great strategy very simple
very streamlined very clean
that's the magic of deck-building yeah
it is about crafting the perfect murder
machine at your hands even though you
know it's it's shuffled you get six
cards in your hand five six cards in
your hand yeah you want to craft that
deck so you get only the hits which is
why something that seems very
unimportant at first the ability to
remove a card from your deck most people
would say why would I want to remove a
card from a deck I want all the cards
but you got to keep your deck slim so
you get those awesome cards over and
over again it's counterintuitive for a
roguelike you play a binding of issac
and you just want more stuff what does
this do can I add this to my arsenal yes
and and and slay the spire it's it's not
that at all just I don't watch some more
stuff I got the stuff I need I got
exactly the stuff I need don't give me
more stuff more stuff hurts it works
right because more stuff means that you
might not get the stuff you want yeah
what do you want you want every if
possible you want every hand to be those
those one or those usually those two
magic cards that work so well together
you want just those cards and only those
cards every time to the to the degree
where there's a famous video of this
game of somebody online a streamer yeah
beat this game with only two cards in
his deck yes but they were the right two
cars
magic can happen
it's lay the spire is clean and to the
point to where I guess like any video
game is all about hiding the math right
and if your XCOM it's just right in your
fucking face well even in slay the spire
like all the numbers are there but you
know when you do the combo you're not
thinking 14 plus 21 with a multiplier of
50% damage you're thinking I'm gonna
slash him I'm gonna light him on fire
then I'm gonna hit him with lightning
Jack we're very different gamer so I do
the math of course but you know then I
think lightning strike yeah yeah yeah
you know so I think they do they do a
good job of getting you into the moment
okay
even though I'm utterly obsessed with it
at the moment ie I think I got twenty
hours into it before I even told you
about it and now that time has easily
doubled I play it all the time
I have only won once because it is a
very hard game I have one zero times and
I don't I don't know if the difficulty
in this is fun hard or just punishing
hard I don't know I don't know
I'm afraid of FTL yeah FTL is hard FTL
is really hard I'm sure there was a
point when I was playing FTL when I was
thinking this game is just too hard why
isn't it easier but there was a hump at
some point I overcame an FTL yeah I got
over some kind of hump and I got much
better I don't know if in slay the spire
I don't know if that's ahead of me yet
that the more I get over the hump and oh
yeah no I get it this works and I can
win more consistently I don't know if
that's ahead of me or maybe it's just
never gonna come I think I have finally
hit the point where I am consistently
reaching the end boss and almost beating
them every time I almost every time I
play now I'm getting to that final boss
I haven't beaten them except for the
ones and I but I'm getting closer I'm
getting to that point where maybe I'm
understanding the good combos right and
by the way you say the final boss yeah
but this game isn't done yet it's just
the final boss you can get to currently
right for now for now it's the final
boss for now and I can't even fucking
get to it which is probably just like
the mid-game f boss
other roguelikes incentivize you to keep
playing
there's unlockables there there's things
that you can add to your arsenal i think
one of the games that does this the best
is the binding of issac just the more
you play the more items that enter into
the random pool and slay the spire has a
similar thing with experience points you
know if you gain so much experience
there's new cards that now get added to
the shuffle you don't get new cards
often enough for my taste
I want more reliable stuff that I'm
unlocking because that would incentivize
me to keep playing more
well once again early access yeah and it
might be set up that way deliberately
because they know they don't have that
many cards yet to unlock because they're
still adding cards right oh of course of
course which is fight which is fair but
I I think that's that's something that
would definitely get me over some of the
difficulty humps though to be fair
apparently it's not affecting me that
much because I keep playing see all
right so it's it's addicted you yeah
and this game it is fun it is addictive
it's also occasionally to be very very
frustrating yes because there'll be
times I'm having a lot of fun I'm having
a really lot of fun I have what I feel
is just it's a killer deck oh this is
the run this is the killer deck but the
game gets so brutally difficult I die
anyway and even though you know even
when you thought you had the deck and
you still get absolutely fucking crushed
it's discouraging there's there's times
when you'll the enemies won't be doing
if I can like 60 damage to you in one
turn and hell even if all of your
fucking defense cards came up in that
hand it's not enough to block half of
that damage I don't know that it's fair
fairness is a question even if it is
fair losing might not be fun losing
might not be fun because sometimes there
is no skill involved in law
so you know going back to some of the
other roguelikes that I love you know
like your your binding of issac your
spelunky your FTL there is an element of
skill where even if you have shit items
you can do very well like with Isaac if
you're just very good at dodging enemy
attacks you can get pretty far with just
your starter tears yeah you don't need
the good items to do well I'll bet you a
million dollars there's somebody online
their thing is doing item list binding
of issac runs of course of course
and another negative force latest fire
is you can do everything right and just
get the wrong cards in your hand and
there is nothing you can do in slay the
spire you can do everything right have
all of the right cards in your deck and
there's nothing you can do and that I
think is the problem
it's very defeating just just seeing the
cards you have seeing the attack that
the enemy is about to do and knowing
that there's no way to stop it is really
soul-crushing yeah one of one of my
final times I edited F at the final boss
for now the I had 27 health the boss was
about to do 27 damage like exactly
exactly it was exactly 27 and 27
I had no potions I had no defense cards
in my hand but there I was in a
situation that I had no control over
there was there was no dodging and
rolling and of course you know that's
that's one of those situations where ten
stages ago if I would have traded one
card for a different card or picked up
something different maybe I would have
had that one shield that I needed or
whatever
yeah yeah it's still it's still
frustrating but I'm still playing it I'm
still playing it too but
since a little bit of the frustrations
kicked up less less so I had this
amazing run where I got the card that
lets you keep shield between rounds I
got the mega shield card
yeah and the card that does damage for
how many shield do you have oh that's
nice so I'm like after after three
rounds of every fight just summated I
was on fucking stoppable until you've
got stopped I know I know
yeah I I wonder if this isn't an FTL
type situation where when they made FTL
they were balancing the game based on
the feedback they were getting from the
most hardcore players which is why FTL
is so difficult and then at the end they
realized oh wait and then they added an
easy easy mode which was still hard yeah
but they added an easy mode yes and I
think that's what slay the spire needs
it needs that easy mode sure just a
confidence booster yeah confidence
booster deck
I actually I really like the design of
the enemies and you and like those bird
mask people the the coal dust the
cultists the cultists the enemies are
really cool I like the look of them I'd
love a little more animation but I think
that's part of the thing that will get
your average Joe into this game is you
know pretty things to look at while
you're playing fair enough fair enough
that's not a deal-breaker for me though
No yeah not a deal-breaker but you know
just a little something a little more
variety maybe you know maybe make your
three world maps look a little different
well that's probably you know that's an
early access thing I'm sure very minor
complaint yeah very something that
that's really neat along the same lines
as an FTL is choosing your path yeah is
they you know you they have kind of
branching paths that intersect and you
have your regular enemies your elite
enemies treasure chests shops fires for
resting it's yeah that's actually part
part of the thing that gets me every
time is just planning out my route I
love doing that like okay I have some
good cards but I know I want to upgrade
so I need to hit every fire that I can
and that's a simple thing it's a simple
thing but it's all it adds to the joy of
the game
well great we'll see you in three months
