Mar 8, 2019
Suspiria (1977) - reView
youtube.com/watch?v=GgHNfOrislI
redlettermedia.com/suspiria-1977-review
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1104059278967652358

Jay: Well, Josh, in a first for our channel, we're gonna talk about an Italian film that isn't horrible.
Josh: Oh!
Jay: But it's still just as confusing.
Josh: Yes.
Jay: It's Suspiria! 
Josh: So, we're gonna talk about Suspiria, and also talk about Suspiria, but first let's talk a little bit about what the original
Suspiria is. It's a film by Dario Argento, who was a very prolific filmmaker by a lot of, uh, measures.
Jay: Yes, I'd seen Suspiria
years and years ago because it's one of
the most famous they're horror movies
and that was all I'd seen for him for
the longest time and then it's really in
the last four or five years where I
finally because that whole like Italian
horror thing in general it was like a
blind spot for me yeah so I really
delved into his movies to the point
where now he's one of my favorite
filmmakers yeah you've really caught up
like yeah and I'm the Italian horror
said yeah when people talk about like
you know like John Carpenter and his run
through the 80s and how it's like BAM
you know escape from New York they live
like every movie without Elvis his
biggest movie Elvis yeah but just her
now it was like one awesome movie after
another and I was basically through the
80s and then but Dario Argento has a
much longer track record of like one
awesome movie after another really
starting like what like 71 I want to say
71 with bird with the crystal plume yeah
which is great and then going up to I
would say like 90 I think 93 is Stendhal
citizen Orca which I don't think it's as
well likes I think it's kind of great
but it's all between that one but then
after that now not only not only like a
it's like a oh he did Dracula 3d which
was so bad that it actually made me sad
and I couldn't finish it
seeing a director that great fall that
far just really bumpy understandable but
ya know I've grown to really really love
Dario Argento I've been I need to know
more but everything that I've seen from
him I've very much enjoyed that's kind
of been dipping into you know deep bread
I'd seen forever ago for really knowing
who or attenti was so like not realizing
that was sort of you know it connected
to and sort of a style in itself because
I you know you see deep bread with no
context like that was a first shallow
I've ever seen it's like what huh why is
it really kind of weird and it in
everybody's dubbed but some of them are
kind of dubbed right and some were kind
of dubbed nutso right the books just
image really not just Italian horror but
Italian films in general from a long
period had sort of a weird production
style which is they were shot without
sound yes completely without sound and
then everything is dubbed yeah and
oftentimes the cast actors from all over
the world so you have American actors if
Spanish actors the Italian actors and
they all speak their own language yep on
camera and that everything's just dub
too you know English or Italian or
whatever which is in terms of a working
actor is kind of just baffling it's so
bizarre to me they did that for decades
yeah that you can just speak your own
language and just have confidence that
what the person is saying back to you is
they're lying this Austrian psychiatrist
is giving the Baron the lowdown on why
is Monster so bloodthirsty it's cuz
you've got no sex life the beetle
frustration which i think is kind of why
there is a disconnect when you watch a
lot of these movies where the the
performances are always kind of off even
ones what everyone is speaking Italian
yeah and their overdubbing you know it's
all but it's still dubs
yeah always does always does then you
got the the westerns spaghetti westerns
oh yeah yeah and I think that can be
kind of a hurdle for people sure where
cuz it is sort of off-putting at first
really everything feels wrong and the
performances are bizarre yeah and you
just have to kind of sink into it well
for me it eventually becomes sort of
like what are the terms of them yeah
well that's like what they don't have it
it's actually weird I watched I
the movie called shocking dark aka
Terminator 2
directed by notorious Hagbard known
Matano and that uses all the actual
onset audio and I was like this feels
wrong because it's right something that
even even if they weren't necessarily
cognizant of it are planning on it
I think Gela movies in particular take
advantage of that because they're sort
of they're not there's there's a real
lack of realistic everything yes Gela
movie it's based on its giallo is is the
Italian word for yellow it's related to
pulp novels like cheap cheapo novels
would be like all will have yellow spine
so you can yes you could recognize them
um and it's kind of you know pulp
filmmaking so it's all like murder and
and and and sort of just stylized very
stylized sort of filmmaking and the
detachment of the audio really not help
but it works well it creates a different
sort of it's like I almost like it like
there's slightly dreamlike quality yeah
and there are kind of the staples
because some people call Suspiria giallo
and it seems to be kind of nebulous and
what is and isn't a jello eye that the
hallmarks are kind of yeah the black
glove killer they're always kind of a
murder mystery the people that are
trying to solve who the killer is are
usually not cops they're oftentimes
people from you know another country
yeah a lot a lot of American interlopers
yes I just wanted to come to Italy to
sell my book oh fuck yeah
Oh
so those are kind of the hallmarks and
Suspiria is is actually Argento's kind
of first movie that really gets away
from that because that's what he was
known for and got popular for is like
bird with a crystal plumage and then
deep Brad was what he did right before
Suspiria right and that one's that's a
great movie too but on that film he
worked with one of his actresses is
Daria Nickelodeon who co-wrote Suspiria
with him and is I think kind of she
never like people talk about the spiri
and they talk about Argento but she was
a huge part absolutely him kind of one
getting away from the jello format but
also doing something that is so heavily
female yeah yes basically all the main
characters and superior female well it
kind of veers away from what giallo is
in terms of the real signposted cliches
of it stylistically it gets it fits in
we're like the look of it is very
stylized and well it really goes past
that all my Argento amped it up with
this yeah other ones the stuff before
that it all had very kind of
naturalistic lighting but what made him
interesting and what made it what I love
about his movies is the his kind of shot
composition his choices and camera
movements and editing specifically yeah
his pacing and the pacing of the editing
the misdirection of where you're looking
at in the frame yeah so Suspiria will
talk about the story it'll take five
seconds I'm an American dancer uh-huh
comes to Germany to join this dance
academy and she starts shacking up with
the dance academy and weird shit starts
happening yep
and that's the movie until she stops it
happening a very abrupt ending yeah
which is also it Argento stable or not
it is stories over by how do we burn
everything down and who done okay Bob
that happens
oh that's well that's Inferno - it's
just like oh shit everything's on fire
yeah
yeah okay and that's the because this is
our gentle kind of going away from such
a because the earlier gallows are kind
of like their most like procedurals just
not with yes and this one gets away from
that and then he gets even further away
from it with Inferno which is why a lot
of people really love that movie for me
it's it's like it's one step too far
where it's like it has a lot of the cool
sequences and visuals but it doesn't
have that kind of connective tissue to
hold it all together that Suspiria has
which is weird things are happening at
this dance academy I'm gonna investigate
and try and figure out what they are
oh it's coven of witches Oh oops whoops
the end oh oh dear and you and you have
the character Suzie Banyan to kind of
guide you through these bizarre scene
yeah visuals I was and I was I was
comfortable with Inferno just because
that was I see what you mean where it's
one step too far when I was still the
visuals and the whole idea was just able
to kind of pull me along through it
where I was like we get to like
phenomena I was like that didn't have
enough of anything going on it's just
like it's what the kid is huh but it
makes up for it with Donald Pleasance on
a monkey it sure does and in a weird
little Pigman at the end but yeah I mean
tenebrae has like that that that
fantastic tracking shot like up and
around three stories and just like that
that feels like something that was built
off of inferno
oh sure kind of so like that was
something he wouldn't have done without
telling the story visually he goes off
the deep end with Suspiria and inferno
and that department it's like I like a
good solid story structure but it's you
know it depends on the movie like when I
watch spider-man movie I want a rigidly
structured story with a character that I
can care about and follow through your
story when it comes to something like
Suspiria I want to see weird shit yes
you've got to have a little more
something tied together yeah but I'm a
little more open to it sort of deviating
and going in these weird places it's I
mean I would say aside from Eraserhead
speery is kind of the only other movie
that really captures that feeling of a
nightmare
so Susie Bandhan shows up to go to dance
school in it's still in Germany right
it's Germany yeah but that's it doesn't
matter
they mentioned like there's the weird
open opening narrator that comes on
before the credits or even oh that's
right which really throws you off it's
like the the awesome goblin music is
playing and then just all of a sudden
this weird narrator kicks it Susie
Banyon
decided to perfect her ballet studies in
the most famous School of Dance in
Europe well the credits are done and
you're like whoa what's happening yeah
but he says yeah she's in Germany and it
doesn't really neat to be Germany he can
be anywhere no it needs to be Europe I
think there but it just needs to be a
foreign place to her yes it's your for
the rest of the characters
yeah and cuz that's that's kind of the
whole thing is one of Argento's
influences was like fairy tales and
visually like the old Disney movies I
was call Suspiria it's like a Disney
movie that's been possessed by a demon
absolutely cuz you know she shows up in
the strange land she goes through the
forest and ends up in this magical
castle looking place and it's all
Technicolor and all sorts of crazy
lighting and yeah architecture but the
opening really sets it up which is she's
exiting the airport
it's all very like naturalistic sounds
than those the doors open and all that
sound drops out and the goblet music
kicks in close and it goes back to
normal and then they open it what's out
there
ooh I'm leaving reality yes plain a
meanwhile another student from the
school who I love that her name is Pat
Hingle I wanted to mention that it's so
fucking weird it feels like it should be
like a character who played like a bunch
of sheriffs in like a bunch of B movies
we have upstairs well Pat Hingle is well
that's that is an actor Pat Hingle was
the Commissioner Gordon in the Tim
Burton Batman God that's right that's
right
having God looks very different in this
film he does yeah Pat Hingle gets to her
friend's house where she can you know
apparently chill out and is in the
apartment looking you know looking
around suspiciously looking out the
window and all of a sudden there's just
a pair of eyes which is so scary
just seeing it up a pair of eyes and
nothing else just a pair of eyes appear
out of nowhere well then then a weird
hairy arm breaks through the glass out
of the darkness and you're like what the
fuck is this no I know and every shot
has like like there's weird patterns on
the walls and then of course the
lighting bold color yeah well then this
mysterious monster person likes not only
stabs her in the chest but starts
stabbing her directly in her pulsating
heart yeah that over-the-top jolt that's
just like it does serve notice in a way
to say we're not fucking around here yes
this is this is serious well that but
it's almost too serious Erica it goes
past it and it's just like we're gonna
have a fun time well that couples table
music oh yeah is so I mean parts of it
are kind of melodic and almost like a
like a music box that's kind of the main
theme but then there's parts that are so
like chaotic
yeah and jarring and and off-putting
they really in that one they really got
a little more into the the soundscape in
more than probably any other Goblin
score that I can think of there's
obviously there's whispers on the
soundtrack missing
lots of tuned percussion which the witch
is not you know not something they
usually do so it really works with that
sort of oval overall atmosphere that
it's and but still a driving
rock-and-roll kind of thing is in there
as well so that always keeps your ear
your pulse it's very amazing I know
someone that actually because I'd
recommend this movie to people and I
know someone that's they had to shut it
off because the music was just too
annoying I'll think of all things the
music would be it yeah
and this is so this is the opening 15
minutes and it might be my favorite
piece of filmmaking definitely my
favorite piece of like horror film
making yeah it just has a set piece by
itself I'm all tired like the movie
could've end it there and I'd be like
best movie ever made no I like the rest
of the movie just fine but nothing comes
close to that opening no but that but
that that disorientation gets you kind
of pulled through Suzy actually getting
to be in the school yeah and her you
know orientation with Madame Blanc and
well you want to tell her like you got
you need to know about this shit that
just happened like get out of that
school she didn't see any witch she's
got it she's she's ready to go well then
then the I don't know if it's the next
day but shortly after that then you know
Suzie's kind of walking through the
school and there's two cops
yeah the the Madam's the headmistress is
or whatever at this dance academy are
talking to the cops
and they're like oh is this gonna be a
Jo is gonna be a murder mystery and then
those cops are never seen again
nope but I guess it's it's either it's
sloppy writing or making you think it's
gonna be a different movie than it ends
up being and just kind of feel that well
that way in the long run although that
might be just kind of wishful thinking
maybe names which begin with are the
names of snakes everybody that has a
name that starts with an S is a snake
yeah and then that character vanishes
from the movie - that's okay she wasn't
doing much anyway but so Suzie's on
campus she befriends Sarah who's next
door together start noticing some weird
things that are happening at the school
which makes you wonder does anyone else
did any of these other students have any
clue because it almost seems like the
witches are kind of bad it's like hiding
what's going terrible at it seems to
acknowledge it I kind of had that
thought with both of the movies with
which is you know maybe it's down to the
witches have them entranced or something
but it's just like do you guys not this
is there's some crazy shit going no
dance okay just want to learn how to
dance don't fucking bother me nobody is
weirded out by this little bowl cut boy
what's he doing here
and it's around about that time that we
get the one dance scene in Suspiria 1977
the one dance scene in a film that takes
place of a dancing yeah a lot of dancing
in the movie yeah well that's a big
difference between this one and the
remake which will of course get into
more with the remake is that this one it
almost feels like the idea of setting
into dance academy is just kind of like
this would be a different location for a
movie yeah it needed to be an academy of
some sort I guess because we needed to
have the main characters in the main
location yeah for the like the maggots
and the stuff to work a bunch of maggots
start falling from the ceiling that's
the first like big odd thing really oh
this is fucking weird and it's great
visually it's great it's these she's
combing her hair she's brushing her hair
and there's just like one drops into her
hair and then cut off to the hallway and
realize oh there's maggots falling from
the ceiling everywhere yeah you're like
this is unusual but then there's a
logical explanation for it we're in the
in the context of the movie where they
can be like oh that was some rotten meat
that was up in the attic we just happen
to have some meat up in the attic which
is coming there true but what comes out
of that is that everybody has to sleep
in the dance studio
yes including one of them it's not has
not actually supposedly been at the
school
strangers how do you know I'm sure well
there's a whole backstory about yeah you
can recognize her wheezing and it's very
it's very like fairytale like yeah yeah
and that's that's one of my favorite
sequences in the movie just visually
it's like a I don't know why it reminds
me of Revenge of the Nerds when they all
have to sleep in the gym except
obviously a little more stylish yeah but
just yeah just everything's bathed in
red you just get the silhouette of
Mother Marco sleeping behind him and we
slowly push in on Sarah and Susie as
they explain the the kind of backstory
or the hallmarks of mother Marcos it's
really well done yeah
maybe we could find out with you really
go it's Sarah that gets more suspicious
and then yeah Sarah is the one that's
way more kind of forward yeah and
investigating this stuff which leads to
another one of my favorite sequences
movie
and that's that's again like cuz I've
heard some people complain about the the
barbed wire sequence there's like how
did she not does she have no peripheral
vision no this is a nightmare yeah like
yeah things happen to you and your
nightmares
or maybe she's under the spell oh the
witches so she didn't notice it was
there you can you can chalk up a lot of
this movie to these vague excuse I'm
just like yeah it doesn't matter you
don't want to excuse faults of a movie
away like storytelling faults but in a
movie like this it really feels a lot
more deliberate exactly feel like it's
just sloppy no it didn't no at no point
does it feel like it's convenience yeah
sarah has to go to the barbed wire
because that's what happens and it's and
it's it's it's it's it's more like a
fate gloss over yeah Suzy starts to kind
of investigate what's happening and then
she lets Sarah in on it and Sarah gets
even more involved in kind of
investigating what's happening and right
it becomes kind of like a thing where
the movie is sort of punishing these
characters for questioning anything or
wanting to know gain more knowledge but
but that also Suzy starts to kind of
come into her own curiosity and she
stops taking the drugged wine yeah and
she's paying more attention to what's
going on and she's putting together this
stuff you know even the stuff from the
she heard from Pat Hingle
you know running away you know it's like
something flowers I only caught two
words distinctly secret and irises I
don't know what they mean but I thought
they might be important there's a weird
moment and she's like she was saying
something about irises and I don't know
what she meant
meanwhile in the wide shot of that scene
there's this giant mural behind her with
irises painted hello wall dear what
could you be talking about Lois man what
does it mean to be a witch but this that
leads into the kind of mostly blunt
blanket exposition secrets of the film
and it's interesting because the she
leaves the Academy she goes and talks to
no cure right who there's so much
exposition that she needs to be
delivered that she it requires a backup
and another guy comes in and gives her
more exposition
because in 1905 after being hounded and
cursed at for 10 years at first but that
whole sequence is very its shot very
traditional it's much more grounded in
reality
absolutely it's a time yeah right I love
that they isolate the the kind of more
dreamlike and really like vivid color
stuff to the academy
yeah and that most appropriately for
certain moments it helps with the
isolation of the school as well yeah cuz
then yeah she's getting exposition
dumped on and yeah it's very or like oh
we're back to normal life from back to
back to the the real world where
information matters yeah where things
make sense if you ask a question you'll
get an answer you know but you know Kier
is wearing his dougie Jones jacket and
that scene he does not sound like utopia
oh well let me tell you about all the
things I'm convinced that the current
spread of belief in magic in the occult
is part of mental illness after that
exposition scene that's when the movie
really got it kind of slow it's like a
like a roller coaster where it's like
it's slowly ramping up yeah oh they're
ramping up and then it just goes crazy
from the last right no five minutes well
cuz we know we don't we don't really
have anything else to do there's not
anything that's gonna build the story
more yeah you know we're just we got to
get to the end of this we got to watch
Suzy make her final moves essentially
did you kill me that's when we see that
mother Marcos's is indeed is the head
witch
except she's invisible except she's
invisible and lightning strikes and then
she can see your outline before yes
you've got a border it's a little weird
it's not like oh I have a clever plan to
defeat the witch it's just like oh
that's the witch I'm gonna stab her yeah
you know sometimes the direct approach
is the best approach I go shit evil
which yeah cool gotta go yeah and then
everything starts to blow up and she
leaves credits we're done we're done
there's no more story no it's like it's
like a fucking wire or a Minutemen song
where it's just like we ran out of words
we're just but yeah so it really like we
kind of make jokes about very story
aspects but it really is I mean it's
such a it's a visual experience yeah
it's a very visceral movie and that's
really it's it's it's telling a story
through kind of emotions set pieces more
so than a direct narrative and all the
visuals are so great and this was super
vibrant colors just like clashing just
fighting each other yeah it's it's
really and that's the best thing I can
say about it is I've never seen another
movie that's like Suspiria yeah well and
that's honestly that's how I could
really tell or how how I noticed that
the visuals were so impactful was that
every time I would see it I would see it
in a better version yeah you know got
the first time I saw losing VHS you know
it's just like this is cool and then DVD
like oh this is really neat and then we
got to the 4k restoration it's just it
hits you it's one of the most visually
striking movies yeah
