Jan 12, 2019
Avengers Toy Unboxing with Freddie Williams and Rich Evans
youtube.com/watch?v=63hZoT6hQr4
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1084174230697185286

Rich: Hi, I'm Rich Evans.
Freddie: And I'm Freddie Williams.
Rich: And I'm glad you could be here
with us today Freddie because today we
are going to do a cool toy unboxing
video cool I'm excited be doing this
with you yeah I know I know normally
this is the kind of thing we make fun of
I'm like the nerd crew but recently we
were contacted by Hasbro and some of the
actual press people from Marvel oh and
they actually sent us the New Avengers
end game toy line oh that's cool
sometimes in toy lines they'll show like
spoilery stuff for the movie and I hope
that's not the case here because even
though I'm an artist for DC Comics I'm
really looking forward to Avengers in
game oh yeah I'm really excited to see
these you know they they sent us the
boxes the clear implication is they want
us to do a toy unboxing video and I'm
not gonna piss off Disney oh let's get
into it yeah let's see it doesn't seem
to be in a box but that looks like a
Spider Man Man a black spider-man
costume
Oh what they doing they are they teasing
the symbiote in the New Avengers movie
like a retroactive oh and a skateboard
yeah wise have swords on it escape
artists yeah so I guess Oh spider-man's
gonna have swords now and a skateboard
like what are these what is this oven
mitts I mean they don't other foot are
they socks
they don't have if their mittens they
they don't have some boys
it's just thing put over your hand yeah
okay that's the spider-man 3 on it so
well I'm this I think this leaves us
with a lot of questions like will the
spider-man have a black suit a
skateboard and swords I don't know but
yeah we'll find out more when the movie
comes out now this next box I'm very
excited about because I believe this one
actually has the new lineup of the
Avengers ok they're action figures
all right what do we have the decision
survives or comes back okay so we have
the the new line up to the Avengers
Superman and Batman are now on the team
perfect and yeah we have what is all
this work from the movie it looks like
Superman has web-shooter and they all
are wearing push-up bras so it really
does look like Superman and Batman are
gonna be in the Avengers the Avengers
but the packaging is very authentic all
right all right I don't know what is in
this next one but we're getting some
juicy Avengers endgame details here my
favorite is a Superman with the
web-shooter hand
what is this this is we have some
additional details on the new lineup we
have a power ranger but that's been 10
and oh that is a Power agent recolor the
Ben 10 mm-hmm yeah he looks like he
looks like Jimmy Stewart fellas have a
pulling machine that's an apt
description I agree with you
it's it's weird to see them all packaged
like this but you know with reality
bending gems in the Infinity Gauntlet
you can do whatever you want
that's right would the Infinity Gauntlet
literally anything is possible
this is anything anything can and will
happen yeah and this movie Ben 10 gets
very excited I'm excited
Ben 10 gets bigger than all the other
characters what is this I don't know
like so honestly I don't understand the
packaging looks so official I don't get
this why is the Hulk on the Box twice
he's not in the package what is for
generation generation the superheroes a
variety of tissue paper right it might
be wrong
fabric or tissue paper with a spider-man
symbol on it I think it's an external
and there's a Batman symbol on the side
a variety of styles the children most
favorite
look at that let's check out and see
some more of who's on the Marvel's
Avengers here here we have Marvel
Marvel's The Avengers Batman action
figure look at his face and he's got
like little dots for eyes like he looks
like a mannequin face oh he looks like a
CPR dummy you're gonna crash test dummy
commercials oh yes yeah he looks like
that that's perfect
Iron Man and Captain America and all the
rest I don't this is so confusing okay
here we have the greatest Avenger
Superman it's a clockwork Superman a
clock for Superman in some kind of
robotic costume with a light-up chest
and just the oddest looking ahead
his eyes are intense on that little
figure he looks a little bit yeah a
little bit off but it's I mean it's a
great direction they're going on with
what the costume I mean look how
Superman like he is it's kind of amazing
oh my god okay and then I think we got
one more action figure in here man
clearly with with spider nipples
vitamins huh and with you perfect to
play with oh you put it on the
skateboard though the skateboard you put
them together that's what you get
alright well that was our 100%
legitimate Hasbro of vengers endgame toy
unboxing video
and I thought it was great yeah awesome
stuff was great just get a early peek at
it see what's upcoming in the new movie
