Mar 16, 2019
Suspiria (re:Make)
youtube.com/watch?v=-CLsXiIkWs8
redlettermedia.com/suspiria-remake-review/
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1106917935149400065

Jay: So, a couple years ago, it was announced they were going to do a remake of Suspiria. And, uh, I'm generally, at this point, I'm just, like, of course they're gonna remake everything. 
Josh: That's what they do.
Jay: I'm indifferent to it. I'm not, like, there's still people, "I can't believe they're gonna remake Robocop!" It's, like, of course they're gonna remake Robocop.
Josh: They don't have any ideas anymore.
Jay: I don't, yeah, I'm not surprised by anything.
the Suspiria one in particular I wasn't
angry about it but I was sort of like
what's the point right because a lot of
remakes it's like okay you tell the
story in a different way and that's what
can separate it but with Suspiria what
makes the original movie what it is is
completely 100% the filmmaking
definitely not the story you know the
various parties and the more I thought
about it in that context is just the
lack of story is a huge asset it turns
out to be yeah and that's that's the
thing is Suspiria 2018 was my favorite
movie of 2018 I don't know if this is
controversial I like it more than the
original who which is kind of unfair
because they're so drastically different
it really really are it's I mean it's
hardly a remake yeah well I mean it hits
all the story beats just about just
about oh it feels like such a different
movie yeah it's so radically different
that it's it's hard to look at it as a
remake even if even if it does do those
beads yes it comes at them it's such a
it's such a different way yeah what it
what it does the smart thing that it
does and what it does really well is it
takes all the the threadbare story
elements of the original and really
flushes them out where the original
movie takes place in a dance academy but
there's like you mentioned there's one
scene where they're dancing yeah and
this movie the new one it's all about
the dancing very much the dancing is P
central yes that's what the fucking
movie is about but it also is the whole
movie is almost like the inverse of the
original or it's like the original is
very like colorful and unrealistic
visually
the score is very bombastic and huge the
new one the the remake everything is
stripped down yeah yeah it is stylistic
but it's very like grounded in reality
the score is very kind of minimal and
pretty and I mean this is the thing
that's the thing is it's so there's so
much more going on the story that the
score doesn't have to carry the load
that it does in the 1977 movie so I
totally like that works in its favor as
well yeah whichever you mentioned Tom
York yet about music but he did the
score for the film yeah which is like
when that was another thing before the
movie came out were they like Thom
Yorke's doing the score I'm like why
that's different okay well you have my
attention for being different I guess
because as well as his bandmate it'll be
good and I mean the soundtrack to this
movie is like I said it's like the polar
opposite of the Goblin score yeah but
then what surprised me is that there's
actual songs throughout the movie
there's the opening song that's just
called Suspiria or ohm that is a really
wonderful song there's a couple other
good ones throughout the film
you wouldn't think that it would be a
context we could actually fit like a
vocal song yeah does work through up
absolutely original is about the visuals
more so than the story in the the remake
is all story most of it feels like a
like a period drama yeah that just
happens to have which isn't it from
almost the beginning where I was talking
about the locale of the original movies
like Anton Germany but yeah doesn't
really matter it's crucial to relive
because it's it's you know Bauder
Meinhof and everything is going on and
the first thing you see in the movie
yeah people in the foreground in front
of chloÃ« grace moretz yeah fighting in
the streets yeah so even that is you
know completely fleshed out a lot of the
secrets that had that height at the end
of the original movie are just right on
the open this isn't gonna be a mystery
thing this isn't gonna be like oh
there's something spooky in the woods
what is it now here's the which the
original Suspiria spends the whole movie
building up what's going on why are
things weird
oh there's witches here it's like here's
the witches here's how they operate the
whole movie is about their kind of power
structure right
the main focus is so much more on them
than the students yes and it takes place
in Berlin directly at the Berlin Wall
this Dance Academy is directly across
the road which I can't imagine as a
coincidence in reference see in the film
possession no another one of the
favorite movies and both of them use the
the Berlin Wall as kind of a visual
representation of this smaller kind of
divide between the the witches and
they're sort of Allegiance
there's madame blanc and madame marcos
you must be
love them up there's a scene where
they're kind of voting on who will be
there planning this big ceremony to
resurrect the spirit of Mother Superior
on most of the witches side with madam
Marcos and Madame Blanc is Tilda Swinton
yes so there's this kind of it's very
political it's very divisive which is of
course visually represented by the
Berlin Wall there it is yeah but before
we continue we generally don't care
about spoilers too much on review but
this is a relatively new movie 2018 2018
so it seems to be very divisive not just
amongst because there's like when a
movie like The Witch or it comes at
night comes out and it gets really great
critical reviews but then a general
audience sees it and goes I was boring
you know but this seems to be divisive
even amongst people that like this kind
of stuff the very sort of slow
methodical kind of atmospheric
I love it but a lot of people just not
even think it's boring just flat-out
hate us yeah I loved it though so yeah
but so we'll get into it more but just
heads up spoilers from here on out
there's no way around it there's no way
to talk about this movie and compare it
to the original without getting this one
yes
so instead of being this kind of blank
canvas Susie is someone who's been
dancing her whole life and has this goal
of getting into this school yes it's
played by Dakota Johnson who I barely
knew anything about from she's in this
fucking Fifty Shades movies yeah she
does an amazing job she's great but
she's already like initially like oh
she's a weirdo
well it's there's the initial scene
where they're like we want to see you
dance dancing without music you can but
we're not gonna play music you have to
dance to no music and it's this amazing
choreography is so kind of physical but
it's also without the music it looks
like The Exorcist or something it's
really striking possessed by a demon
depending on how used to you are to
modern dance in general if you've seen
any of it like I haven't seen a whole
lot but I've seen a little bit it's kind
of liking was it was evolving into in
that you know post-war era which is kind
of stuck through now I mean it's evolved
a little more since then but it's a very
physical thing and it's it's it's not
like a ballet it's not like it's it's
really intense or it can be really
intense or it can be really funny
and you know that's part of her
performance overall is that she's never
not giving a hundred percent in the in
the dance performances like even
character as well as actor but she she's
got this intensity in the in the
performance that's really striking we've
already known we already know that this
is a school run by witches yeah and so
not only is dancing integral to the
story but it's I just love the fact that
it's it's how they do their ceremonies
it's like how they conduct spells yeah
it's through the dancing is amazing and
that's kind of like the original movie
is almost like been taken down a notch
for me or is like why didn't you realize
the dancing more yeah like that's
brilliant which is really dancing this
how he conducts spells and the way that
that's introduced well yeah you see
Tilda Swinton touches her hands touches
her feet and you see just a glimmer of
like they glow just slightly I don't
know if you noticed that yeah til this
one touches her hands and there's just a
real like subtle glow it's like oh she's
putting a spell on her mm-hmm which
leads to one of the most horrific scenes
I've seen in a movie in recent years
when comparing it to the original it's
kind of the same you know you need that
initial jolt that early on jewel that
first actual take that's the one that
you get with Pat Hingle and the crow
glowing eyes and everything like that's
what you get in this scene
well the real dancing going similar to
the first scene where she's dancing with
no music like the real dancing has lit
looks violent it's not like it's so like
the movements are so sharp so the movie
is so like meticulously edited like it's
so precise and the cutting back and
forth between Dakota Johnson dancing and
and Olga just getting like distorted and
it's brilliant at one point she like
like pisses herself and it's just so
like humiliating yeah
disgusting distending skin and we have
I'm starting to like it's it's you don't
expect it at all it was it comes kind of
out of nowhere but it's it's again it's
serving that notice I'm just like here's
what we're doing
yeah we're not fucking around like oh
it's this kind of movie yeah and then
just like the original then it can slow
down for a while
because now you you know what it's
capable of you know what the witches can
do yes
well the worst part is that she's laying
there and just like this lumpy mess on
the ground she's still not dead no and
then they come in with like fucking meat
hooks and it's just like that was that
my doing the worst part for me that the
the reveal of the meat hooks before they
grab which is like oh no also the that
scene as far as the sound design the
sound and the whole movie is great but
it's like constantly raining yes and
especially the scenes when they're in
like the the dance rehearsal area you
just hear that rain pounding on the
building would you like to say something
Susan yeah that really adds that
discomforting you know what would have
been in the score and the original is
just more taken with the sound design
when you were dancing what did it feel
like inside you inside your body it felt
like what I think it must feel like to
fuck you mean to fuck him man no I was
thinking of an animal
well well Dakota Johnson very quickly
kind of goes up the ranks and becomes
she develops a bond with Madame Blanc
yes one's character which is kind of
touching in a way there is like more of
a sympathy for like we mentioned there's
more of an emphasis on the the older
characters in this one well yeah but
there's also initially I mean we're
already the witches are talking about oh
we were grooming pad to do this and that
didn't work out and now are we gonna
groom Sarah we're looking at Susie yeah
and mana Blanc is very specifically
focused on Susie I think already kind of
has a sense of what she can do and that
how she can be groomed into this right
you know vessel or whatever yeah well
and that's that's what I really like
about the movie is I like the kind of
weird dreamlike quality of the original
but it allowed of horror that I really
like is when there's a real clear
kind of mythology and there's specific
rules and there's a way everything
operates so the kind of hierarchy of
witches and the the structure of like
there's the scene where they're voting
of when they do the ceremony who's going
to be sort of infused with the spirit of
mother Suspiria room and it's just this
great shot that keeps kind of spinning
around the room as everybody votes and
but then later in the movie we see them
all to appear as normal people they're
all out to dinner right and they're all
laughing and joking and all the the
students are kind of looking in the
window but they're having a real
conversation telepathically you know I
just I love all those details yeah -
dude when this is boot the Suzy and Sue
seat you might not find tired of it it
really flushes out the world of the
witches and also the the real world of
like what was really happening in Berlin
at the time which kind of makes the the
witch stuff feel more realistic
absolutely fact that they kind of exist
in the same world yeah and at that same
time Suzy and Sarah are getting to be
friends very similarly original really
to me and the remake they it felt a lot
more important and full the friendship
like there was a point where Suzy's not
feeling well and she's in her bed and
Sarah is gonna climb in bed with her oh
my sister's used to do like I'm your
sister now yeah you know and it really
feels more like there's a more of a bond
between them than in the original where
it's like oh we're buddies and there's
something crazy going on we're gonna
figure it out yeah that's what's weird
about this movies there's incredibly
unsettling sequences it's it's very
atmospheric and gloomy but then there's
also a real warmth to certain aspects of
it yeah
like their relationship or Suzy's
relationship with Madame blondie and
especially with the Joseph character
yeah we should probably get into also
played Michael sweatin which some people
say is distracting I didn't think about
it for a second when I was watching I I
mean you kind of hear it with the voice
a little bit they could maybe have
pitched the voice or something but the
makeups really good that's what really
sells it cuz old-age makeup is so hard
like you see so many movies or it just
looks like rubbery or something looks
off yeah or you get that like kind of
uncanny valley effect sighted Ridley
Scott led his twelve-year-old son do the
makeup for Weyland I mean if you didn't
know it was Tilda Swinton I think the
voice is kind of a giveaway but just
looking at it like the way she carries
her body movements like everything and
she doesn't facially she doesn't look
like told us he doesn't look like told
us wedding at all not at all
no just looks like an old German guy
yeah but he's uh he's like a
psychiatrist I guess and uh at the
beginning Patricia comes to him and
she's I mean this is where she just
flat-out says there's witches that's the
opening scene of the movie in the
original you have Susie kind of
investigating what's going on in the
school and but what does it mean to be a
witch and the new one it's she's not
really investigating she's just trying
to work her way up the ranks
she's like a dream yeah but yeah
Joseph's character just died of a kind
of is the one sort of on the outside of
the school trying to figure out what
happened to Patricia and the witches
decide to co-opt him and bring him in
kind of as daily as an observer a
witness for their big ceremony that
they're leading to they decide he's
gonna be a witness because they don't
want it to be someone from the school
right but we learn about you know his
past and it's so like tragic where he
got separated from his wife during World
War two and four years has had to live
with the fact that he has no idea what
happened to her and it's like this isn't
a horror movie about witches yeah it's
so like yeah movie yeah and well done
you know the idea that if you're gonna
have particularly we're talking about
the female you know based nature of each
like you've got a male character and
that male character is such a locus of
of sympathy and tragedy yeah played by a
woman yeah but in the context of the
movie that doesn't matter
no no but you've got a whole different
way to refocus you know who you're
concerned about vannhansen
I'm a boy today some colonies on top
right to begin on Dustin Medina he is
the one that goes to the cops which
leads to a really curious see say
curious seems so witches put him in a
trance meanwhile suni just kind of
wanders off probably enough it's the
second movie I saw last year that had
women laughing at someone's dick that
happens in Mandy - but it's great - you
mentioned that yeah they're trying to
figure out what happened to Patricia the
fact that there's mentions of like oh
she probably went off to join the those
terrorists yeah again connecting it to
reality yeah cuz he was already seen as
a radical in the school she was you know
I just said that like constant like
reminding you Lea this is the real world
this is the real world
yeah we're not in Dario Argento fantasy
lands no and we're very guarded like a
candy colored nightmare it's very very
grounded just every time you look out
the front window there's the fucking
Berlin Wall yes like you can't get away
from it there's another scene I'm sure I
don't remember exactly in the chronology
where it is happening but she's
performing again and you see mother
Marcos
similar to the original movie you keep
hearing about mother Marco's never see
seer you see or even less than the new
one because and they originally see her
wheezy silhouette or whatever but yeah
there's that moment where Susie's
dancing you see this hand wither yeah
just just the Crescent hand what up to
that up to the ceiling and Susie's
performance takes on the sexual edge
particularly in that scene where it's
like she's writhing almost like she's
having an orgasm and so there's that
connection there and so you'd start to
wonder if maybe there's a bit of a bit
of a fight between Marcos and Blanc
yeah well that's that's yeah compared to
the original where you have Madame Blanc
is she's just at the school she turns
out to be a witch but there's nothing
really important about her this one
Madame Blanc is a really important
character the tilda swinton character
and she's the head of the school
basically in terms of the dance yeah and
everyone you know people mention like
where's Madame Marcos because they know
that she's the one that's you know even
higher up that had a blog so there is a
sort of power struggle going on so dr.
Klemperer gets in touch with Sarah and
brings her off-campus and shows her
Patricius Diaries well it could impart
the exposition in this version feels a
little more organic than the original
movie definitely it's like in the
original where it's like here's the
exposition scene now thanks to no cure
yeah well that's why it's so helpful to
have you know Klemperer involved from
the beginning but also have him be the
witness this is one of the things I was
really surprised to see them kind of
delve into as the the three mothers
mythology yeah lost in time predating
all-christian invention play God the
devil Naza 10 my mother a marvel and
mother ilium there's a whole scene in
this movie where they talk about that
because that's if you're unfamiliar the
Suspiria the original dario argento film
kind of retroactive Lee became the first
part of a trilogy called the three
mothers trilogy which the second one was
inferno
and then he followed it up many many
years later with mother of Tears less
said about that one the better look I
don't know if Luca Guadagnino has any
plans to adapt those down the line I
would love to see him remake mother of
Tears make something cool but but yeah
and that really like that speaks again
to what we're talking about where they
take the littlest things from the
original yeah and flush them out and
make them a full thing well in the
original Suspiria that's not even a
thing right he's taking it from from
Inferno inferno set side up and mother
of Tears even more so it's actually
funny a mother of tears ooh no kir shows
up again different character but again
this exposition man and he really goes
into the three mothers
okay the mother of Sighs the mother of
darkness and the mother of Tears and
it's bizarre and mother of tears cuz he
actually mentions Suzy Banyan by name
and he talks about the events that
happened at the Dance Academy I was like
this is weird like this is Billy on the
massive size central in five hawk a
young dancer named Suzy Banyan finally
managed to kill her like I like the idea
that they're just sort of very loosely
connected by the fact that there's these
three different witches yeah but it the
fact that this movie even went into it
and when I saw this in the theater and
they start bringing that up I was like I
was so surprised this is awesome yeah
again flushing things out we're old
building for sure I really really love
that I really liked the design of patch
Diaries and the way that they set all
that up with the circles and all the
diagrams everything yeah the little
details and stuff like that that's all
throughout right
we got to the point where Sarah's
counting the steps they took that pretty
pretty much as verbatim but something
else happens she doesn't fall into a
fucking barbed wire Jesus Christ she
discovers Pat that was really unsettling
the shots of no feet no hands I'm just
like yeah and all in the design there to
where it's really dark and and you're
straining for details
yes it's really smart things kind of
fall into darkness like wimps this is
something yeah squint a little bit to
see it yeah which I was feeling kind of
the same thing like bits and pieces at
the end of hereditary I love stuff like
that and where it's you know even more
in this movie it's just it's it's you're
straining hard for details and you don't
get all of them I was definitely
surprised to see Toni Collette on the
ceiling in the background in this movie
yeah does that expected so she's I mean
you know I guess this anyway it's the
same thing which is that she's running
away and torture happens but it's a
whole different way yeah and then as
soon as that bone pops through her leg
the wishes just go yeah it was like we
can do this to you and you're healed and
you're ours now go dance
yes she's essentially a zombie under
their control yeah but this all leads to
the big dance yeah that the movies been
leading up to and I I love the design of
their outfits love the editing of that
whole dance sequence is just fantastic
even just that the Dakota Johnson's just
like the swipes of makeup yeah on her
face with the soundtrack yeah
which so that's yeah this whole scene is
supposed to be the it's the ceremony
basically and it doesn't go quite as
planned because Suzie's just
she goes out of step from everybody to
do her own thing because she thinks she
knows what's best and fucks it up and so
that's when they kind of decided that
they have to change their plans which
leads to the the real Undine of the
movie right Susie Madame Blanc have that
long discussion where it's like you
fucked with us you know you fucked up
our thing no do that anymore
but on the other hand we won't make you
watch our dreams why is everyone so
ready to think the worst is over yeah we
should mention that it's a kind of like
condition Susie into this world
Madame Blanc is like putting these
dreams in her head every night right
which is where a lot of the surreal
parts of the film get to do that's
that's aside from the couple of really
horrific scenes that's for the horror
aspects of the movie are these really
kind of like quick cut yeah and they're
actually if you go back and watch the
movie there's a lot of information given
in those scenes like that kind of pays
off later on at one point there's a
there's a heart on the ground the
original I would think with the heart
even I would think trailer the beating
Suspiria letters oh that too as a second
of the hearts getting stabbed but
original baby both may be bold yeah
they never referenced the we haven't
mentioned the teaser trailer to the
original Suspiria and how it's the
greatest like ever so good nothing to do
with the movie Cohen hair you turn
around oh my god it's a spooky skeleton
oh but yeah you would have work that
into the dreams in the new movies
somehow and then we go out to dr.
klemper yes well he keeps going back to
I guess it's his old house yeah it was
the country house yeah they got old
itched heart yeah well with him and his
wife's name unka is her tanka yeah and
this was a bit of a shock yeah this was
in the movie all of a sudden Anka
appears to him
if you don't if you've not seen the
originals just like Oh his wife is there
but if you've seen the original it's
Jessica fucking Harper yes Susy Banyan
yeah so that's a real gut punch yeah
like I mentioned that this movie has you
know kind of a warmth and there's an
emotion to some of it that's and that's
very part of it yeah that that sequence
when he sees her and kind of embrace and
they're walking and obviously we know as
an audience like something's not right
here
yeah well he's explaining everything
that happened after the war yeah eating
kind of it almost feels like they're
recreating a date like they're walking
through you know walk you through Berlin
on another level if you're familiar with
the original then there's your
connection to the original yeah Jessica
Harbor that's so fuckin jarring too
because it there's that haunting moment
where he turns and she's not there
anymore huh and then there's just that
witch screaming is she wrong shit and he
ends up naked and wailing well this is I
mean the movie is so subdued up until
this point it's very there's a horrific
moments but it all feels very like
realistic in a lot of ways and then we
get to the sequence and it's just this
big elaborate ceremony just like
phantasmagoria right probably won't show
too many clips from it because it's just
nothing but naked people yeah
and there's the dancing like the crazy
again like like orgasmic or is he asked
to kind of dancing where it's a very
primal this is where you see mother
Marcos until the sweater her third role
in the film is this fucked up little
Goblin yep
something wrong here can you don't feel
it this is not right some of the witches
are aware that something is not right
the division of the power struggle
that's going on with a hierarchy of
these witches and there's a corruption
happening here yes madam Markos is
hungry with power yes and then and this
is the the big reveal that I'm curious
how it would play for somebody that
isn't familiar with the original movie
we've run the joke into the ground of
saying that movies subvert your
expectations in the wake of Rian Johnson
to the last Jedi but this is a case of
subvert in your expectations in a way
that's incredibly satisfying absolutely
holy shit
Suzy Banyan or Suspiria protagonist has
been the embodiment of Mother Suspiria
Arum all along how much she was been
aware of it we don't know I don't know
but vague there's a flashback to Suzy's
a kid and her little farmhouse and all
her siblings are around they're doing
schoolwork and they're looking at maps
and she keeps flipping to Berlin yeah
and then you know they're like no that's
not we're studying this I don't their
talk about the US or something but their
sector she keeps going back to Berlin
crushed out in pencil yeah and it's like
is that superior I'm just like
implanting this in her brain at an early
age because it's not like she's not in
complete control yeah and initially when
I saw that I thought maybe she had
already she already knew about the dance
company and maybe they wouldn't like
that wasn't early sort of just like
that's where I've got to go and I'm
gonna be a dancer and like not in
retrospect yeah but it's so like that
whole sequence and then like the idea
that that Dakota Johnson as Mother
Superior amidst like fuck you Marcos
your frog and I'm gonna raise a demon
from the ground to make everybody that
voted for use and explode
this is going to break from the reality
of the film oh yeah where's maybe takes
some people out of it I don't know to me
it's like we've done enough to to earn
this Mother Superior is so badass that
you can conjure a demon yep you're gonna
set everything right fuck you and fuck
you and fuck you you're cool but then
like this pretty - uh thom yorke song
plays it's not like this graphic but
gross like Evil Dead or Z no it'sit's
it's very in its way it's very calm for
all the cast that's happening
Mother Superior comes in to talk to the
three sacrificial girls
she's very call me what what do you want
to die like okay you got it you what you
are in this position because all these
these idiots
we're following a false leader what can
I do not revolt I want to help you yeah
the only thing I don't really like is
they they they kind of do this like
shutter speed thing and I don't know if
that's to conceal the visual effects of
the heads exploding or what but it
didn't bother me it's just it's so
drastically different than everything
else in the movie yeah but I guess I'm
kind of okay with it again because there
was so much chaos going on anyway
yeah this is already very different from
the rest of the movie I do love though
it starts the end of it when they cut to
that big wide shot and everybody's
dancing and it's doing that that that
fluttery effect we kind of slowly goes
back to kind of reality yeah and it's
just a room full of bloody had guts and
all screaming naked girls screaming
naked people this was an argenta movie
it would cut the credits right there
right but it's not dr. Kleber is is kind
of in a trance but he's set free let go
away I love that shot of him leaving the
building he's like is closer to
shovelled it's like the guy like leaving
a drunken party the next morning it's
like a weird walk of shame yeah
a Suzy comes to visit yeah well and this
is where like you you would not expect
this kind of emotional sequence you know
which horror film but no yeah she comes
in and again she's very calming well
she's coming to you the mother yeah this
point and she's she's not Suzy anymore I
guess she's yeah she's full-on
superioris blade
I believe you deserve to know the truth
your wife did try to make it south to
plead said she was then taken to
terrorize he understand to Kim
years and years of not knowing and now
he's and it one till the sweatin is a
great actress but to being able to
convey the range of emotions that's
going through her mind as she's finally
he's finally learning what happened to
his wife
yeah under all that makeup and his
wordless yeah just just through the
expression and the physicality of it
just like holy shit yeah it's because
it's really really incredible yeah that
uninterrupted monologue Dakota Johnson
and she's just fantastic by that point
she's the way she's just she embodies a
different character yeah you can tell
there's a switch she is not the same
person fear
dr. moon Sean
I bet used a diamond you know that's
that's the idea is that the witches are
gonna maybe there's gonna be some
retribution for some people they're
gonna feed on some guilt and feed on
some sadnesses
but not yours you don't deserve it yeah
you didn't earn it
I think the fact that we've talked about
it for twice as long as the original is
a testament to how interesting it is
well it is almost twice as long as the
original
I guess that's worth pointing out
obvious two and a half hours this is you
got a set add a side to watch this
that's the thing I initially I really
was worried about that like I was - I
was like interested in seeing the movie
but it was like is this gonna be and I
think some people complain that it's
like oh it's bloated we don't need all
this real worlds you know what's going
on in Berlin at the lab we don't need
this stuff and to me it's like know that
it all fills out the movie I can guess
what makes it interesting to me when I
was thinking of like places that
somebody would have cut yeah like it
would have been some of that stuff some
of the more you know stuff with the cops
and probably some more out of the the
whole thing
Lois's the ceremony probably could have
been tightened up there's the you know
it takes a long time there and you know
what I wouldn't touch in a minute of it
because that pace is what makes the
movie for me
yeah it really like it never felt like
it was dragging it's everything but yeah
it's a slow tempo but it means that
tempo it's slow it's atmospheric and it
yeah it always feels like it's building
towards something absolutely and I
didn't feel it didn't feel long no and I
mean that's the I think that's Roger
Ebert once said no no good movie is too
long and no bad movie is short enough
it's it's the link that needs to be yeah
it's not for everybody but then again
neither is the original no it really it
stuck with me liked it I thought about
it for a good long time after I watch I
haven't stopped the geet about it as I
saw it in the theater it just and the
the the Thom Yorke the main theme the
Suspiria me I get it stuck in my head
all the time
everything that could have gone wrong
with a remake none of it does
yeah and it just it's it's it's what
every remake should be yeah it's
fantastic
well the acting fantastic the score the
editing the direction the choreography
all the dancing so much dancing so much
actual real dancing the dancing was
spectacular what's on the poster oh it's
a dancing film Oh
yeah oh my god that woman's been turned
into a pretzel
