Extra: Quantum Break, Always Online, and Piracy
May 3, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8MpJVxKrEE

I hated this game once I realized it was
always online yeah yeah well but it has
to be always online so you could watch
the episodes because I'm so interested
in those episodes when I play a game
what I really want to do is stop playing
the game and watch TV show I turn the
fucking game on and then a prompt comes
would you want to sign up to the your
Xbox Live account not on ones windows I
don't wear anything do fucking xline I
have an xbox one I don't care about Xbox
Xbox is just a dumb fucking name I hate
their green color scheme I clicked on no
huh and then your warning you have to do
it no and then the game closed so I I
had to I had to sign into my Xbox
account I tried I actually tried rather
than agreeing to that I just unplugged
my internet they just wouldn't start at
all you're not connected to the Internet
we must spy on you you might be a filthy
pirate even though the Pirates have
probably already cracked the game but
I'm too worried about any of that shit
the Pirates probably found a better port
for it in fact you know what you go
pirates any no no any single-player game
that requires you to be connected online
so they could babysit you fuck them
pirate that ship or don't play it or
don't play it more important though
never stealing is never okay just doing
this okay what a single-player game that
forces you to be connected to the
internet like that shitty a did with the
Sim Sim City just don't just die with
that shit just don't play it just don't
play the game and then if you don't play
the game you won't be talking about the
game online so they won't care just
don't put don't steal stealing is wrong
just don't play the game it only only if
it's a single-player game that requires
you to be online while you play it only
then only then and then it's fine
