Nerd Alert - Pokemon Black White (special guest Mike Stoklasa)
March 11, 2011
https://web.archive.org/web/20110314183450/http://www.collegehumor.com:80/video:1949105, youtube.com/watch?v=iD97UzRE5Rc, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/46444970621677568

welcome to nerd alert I'm Jeff Rubin
here with the editor of dorkly Brian
Murph Murphy and actor-comedian Thomas
Middleditch this week
Lucasfilm falter on threats to start re
releasing the Star Wars movies all six
Star Wars movies in 3d they are starting
with The Phantom Menace On February 12
2012 we will be talking to a man who put
up a critique of the Phantom Menace that
was 70 minutes long and seen by millions
online how many of his complaints were
that the original film was only in to
date tiny wings a 99-cent iPhone game
from Germany overtook perennial
bestseller Angry Birds on the apps or
sales chart but how many of those sales
were old people trying to buy Angry
Birds we got our first good look at Hugo
Weaving as the red skull in the upcoming
Captain America movie is the costume
good enough that when the film comes out
we'll be rooting for the Nazis but first
Nintendo released Pokemon black and
white this week it features over 150
brand-new Pokemon three-on-three battles
and new multiplayer features but is
playing the new Pokemon game worth
admitting that you're playing the new
Pokemon game your thoughts on the
subject murph I think it's a very good
Pokemon game they've kind of stuck with
the formula where you're still going to
eight different gyms you're still
fighting the Elite Four you still like
don't have a dad for some reason I see
Thomas already laughing shaggy his head
and disappointment at you Oh came out
it's like pogs
yeah they're awesome they're okay Mon
Digimon all the Mons it's for
eight-year-olds to pester their parents
to buy them the new toys and the fact
that grown humans are playing is a
travesty
I thought the villain in this one was
interesting because in previous Pokemon
games the villains were all about simply
making trouble maybe making it double
but this one the villain gets it he is
like a real philosophy he has a
motivation he wants to liberate the
Pokemon he thinks only then if the
humans aren't barking orders at them can
they rise their true potential and I'm
playing the game and I was like you know
what that's not a terrible point maybe
gets us onto something he was a good guy
right he should be free they're only as
good as their trainer that alignment
song yeah
but but it kind of it kind of seems like
they wrote the story and then they're
like wow the bad guys kind of have a
point here maybe we just need to have
them doing like random evil things like
right in the beginning of the game you
catch the bad guy like just kicking a
Pokemon just for no reason
come on is not a game with moral
ambiguity that guy bad guys no gray area
it's like I just got some good points
make him a Pokemon kicker real quick
all-time favorite Pokemon mine Snorlax
possibly Badou moving on to a different
kind of monster the Nazi Red Skull has
always been Captain America's
arch-nemesis and now thanks to
Entertainment Weekly we know what he
will look like in the upcoming Captain
America film comments on the
entertainment weekly say we're ecstatic
and ranged from looks awesome - I prefer
the 80s version not to looks like a sexy
Skeletor obviously the costumes awesome
the only question left is is it enough
to make you actually see the Captain
America movie Tomasz his costume is the
only concerning part because it looks
very sort of like I am a supervillain
look at my stravagant clothing the next
Red Skull Reds goes from the 40s he was
trained by Hitler it doesn't get any
more evil than that right but it's
always like a balance nowadays when
you're making superhero movies of like
do you do like the old-school costumes
because if you had Wolverine and like
the thing and is like like orange and
black costume it would look kind of
ridiculous I think a Red Skull mash
could have definitely ended up looking
not terrifying but they did it he looks
me he looks like me and if he were to
fight Skeletor assuming they're brothers
which is what is in my mind I think he
would beat him I think he would beats
killer up it's interesting you mentioned
crossovers because the subtitling this
movie Captain America the First Avenger
and now Marvel's trying to build this
thing they're calling the Marvel
Cinematic Universe and it's just another
Marvel continuity do we need another one
I think that's all she looked at each
other
and it's awesome that now they actually
have to be like responsible for their
films they can't just be like up to Hulk
movies awful let's just redo it and do
another one but they have to be like we
write this it has to make sense because
other movies are depending on it it
definitely ticked off the collectors
part of my brain where I was like well
now I got is you Captain America or so
I'm never going to get the Avengers I
just won't be able to understand it yeah
moving on tiny wings is an iPhone game
simple enough to be played with one
button that has received wide critical
acclaim but how do you compare it to big
boy games like Mass Effect 2 or Red Dead
Redemption is that like comparing an
episode of friends to something like
Inception what do you think Murph I
think you can't really compare the two I
don't I don't think they're in direct
competition all pointing at birds isn't
the same as like fighting aliens and
having sex with aliens you're right that
it's not competing I think something
like this or cut the rope has really
increased the reach of the video game
playing audience I see people on the
subway totally focused on their iPhone
playing games and they look like totally
normal people but now they're addicted
to video games just like us isn't that
kind of cool the power
Lanta that's now see what you guys have
been missing I think it's great I'm
really happy about the the recent sort
of like surge of super casual gaming
like on iPhones or you know whatever
else the entire Nintendo Wii but it's
like it's it's cool that it's like and
me as like a you know hardcore gamer
someone who has to limit his game time
to play all day it there's still fun
like I love tiny wings and I love like
I've my iPhone is like pages and pages
of stupid little games that I just like
playing when I've got a few minutes like
sometimes you want to steak dinner but
sometimes you just want a bag of chips
our next guest released a critique of
The Phantom Menace that was almost as
long as the film itself let's take a
look at the clip I want you to tell me
who the main character of the Phantom
Menace was he might be thinking that
it's Anakin because it was like a slave
and saved the day at the end by
accidentally blowing up the starship but
the audience doesn't meet Anika until 45
minutes into the movie and then the
things that are happening around them
are pretty much out of his control or
understand
every protagonist there's no concept of
what's going on or what's at stake and
there's no real tension or drama without
that there's no story so the conclusion
is that there isn't one please join me
in welcoming be a robo guest Mike Stoke
Lassa Mike how you doing hello everybody
hello we don't also talk about how you
feel about the Phantom Menace that's
pretty clear how good would these new
special effects in this new 3d have to
be to make you enjoy this film I think
the special effects are good enough I
think that's not the problem with the
moves of course but yeah I don't think
I'll be seeing the Phantom Menace in 3d
and any time soon they've had some
trouble in the past with these uh these
2d to 3d conversion z-- like the last
airbender and Clash of the Titans do you
think Lucas is going to do anything
better to make it in any way shape or
form more palatable
I don't know Lucas has been you know
that the guy who's always advancing
technology so pause possibly but I don't
know what you can do you know I've
actually never seen a 2d movie converted
into 3d so I'd be interested to see it
just based on that but I like how you
open with I'm definitely not going to
see and then you were like but I've been
kind of interested in seeing the 2d to
3d I mean maybe I'll see it I think you
should release the first Star Wars film
first you know I think that would do
better right well he's well we're gonna
get there they're going a narrative
order we just got to wait three years to
get to the movies anyone actually wants
to see how many times did you watch The
Phantom Menace to put together your
critique of it actually saw it before it
came out whoa how'd you do that um I
worked in a movie theater at the time so
I got to go to a an exhibitor screen you
remember back in 99 before we do have
bad that movie wasn't Leia
yep this the excitement of people like
bursting into the door rushing to go see
the movie me and my friend did bring our
lightsabers oh yeah we brought it last
week we're so excited and I left so man
I think after I saw the movie I didn't
immediately recognize how terrible was
did you recognize how bad it was
immediately of course is you know
overwhelmed with a lot of the hype and
it was really exciting seeing it early
like that you know
because everyone was cheering and you
know it was exciting but yeah you had
the sinking feeling afterwards I was
just like you know there was going to be
a nuclear war something couldn't tell
anybody so you also did a 90 minute
review of attack of the clones you did a
90 minute review of Revenge of the Sith
and I feel like the nerd hive mind has
kind of come to the consensus that maybe
Revenge of the Sith isn't quite as bad
as attack of the clones in Phantom
Menace maybe it has a few more redeeming
qualities do you think there's any truth
to that it's missing a lot of the
elements that made all the first ones
bad you know like no kids no horrible
love story know very little Jar Jar
Binks if any um so it's the most
palatable one out of all three but it's
also very boring as well I hate all
three of them with such a passion and I
think any Star Wars fan who's like I
think they're okay it's just like trying
to save that childhood memory of like
Star Wars is awesome they are all so bad
ninety minutes isn't long enough to
describe how bad Mike level with me I
know the Phantom Menace is not very good
but as a Star Wars fan are you going to
pay to see it in 3d next year no Thomas
no Murph yeah I'm afraid I might go see
it too but what about you guys are you
going to see the Phantom Menace in 3d go
to the nerd alert Facebook page vote in
our poll don't vote if you like the
Phantom Menace I'm genuinely curious if
Star Wars fans are so into Star Wars
they will pay $20 to see a movie they
don't like in 3d that is all the time we
have time for today on nerd alert Mike
has a new review show coming out called
half in the bag we're gonna be reviewing
new movies is going to be on red letter
media com definitely check that out
Murph is going to be a Penny Arcade Expo
this weekend if you're watching this
video after Monday you already missed it
but Murph will be on the kill screen
panel and with the rest of the dorkly
team challenging strangers probably
children to Pokemon battles nerd alert
will not be around next week because I'm
going to be at South by Southwest we're
doing a show on Thursday with Danone
Streeter and a panel on Monday which
Streeter and Pat and Pat's balls so if
you're in Austin definitely come check
that out
nerd alert we'll be back
two weeks to discuss the new Mortal
Kombat game until then enjoy cgy our bad
special effects of the week later losers
