Episode 001
Duck Tates, tales TAILS!!!
July 24, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFm8nCb9NJg
___________________________________________

I'll go with easy also I don't know what
any of these buttons do so I bet I will
oh my god the controller vibrates when
bomb to go on turns that feature off
whenever I can
are you just a noise make sure but all
the noise I just want to play the game I
don't care about cutscene don't cutscene
suck I mean I'm sure they press the
start button one of this little guy
right here
Oh sematic yes I would like to do that
oh I spend time debating this Joe oh wow
this really does look this looks fancy
HD remake Canali oh the game plays the
same is that the idea it's the same game
right just the exact same yeah it's same
game please figure out my buttons here
jump go go there's not a Nintendo that
only had two buttons so jumping won't go
yeah oh you're dropping diamonds there I
don't know they disappeared not entirely
sure what I'm supposed to be doing here
oh my god I'm at a cutscene already
[Laughter]
remove cutscene skips in a minute
another skip cymatic into another
cinematic line yeah jump on things
please that was nice this perfectly
illustrates my point
this is obnoxious so you just kind of
want to play the game yes
remember in the Nintendo when you could
just play the game you've already been
Pogo jumping and it takes a little break
to tell you how to pogo jump
oh fuck everything I'm gonna cutscene
again
yeah cuz this is because now video game
developers think that everyone's an
idiot and so they stop you from playing
the game to tell you
oh my god yeah I haven't done anything
yet I know this is really annoying this
is our way to shut it off like
permanently that would be nice
see if there's a just I guess you just
have to skip there's no sure you're
fucking it up the game is fucking it up
Mike he's playing a ball this looks
pretty exciting it would be a fight
oh fuck if people have no patience no I
don't have any patience hey don't move
because of the cutscenes I just wanna
play the game now I am but before you
weren't I agree I agree with you Jay
don't listen to rich he's a fuckwit
[Laughter]
there there is no not an idiot option
that would be nice if there was a not an
idiot option oh oh what is that
you can jump on that and get the other
guy a nice get them diamonds I remember
all this but now you get fancy animated
backgrounds yo this looks nice oh damn
it why you a year of the glad you're
right mike has been here the entire time
he's just been quiet oh I see what I'm
looking they've been working you guys
have don't work ups
I didn't mean to yeah you did it can you
only focus on people is that really
really yeah I've never played this game
yeah you can't just jump and land on
them oh yeah playing shovel knight what
this was a great idea yeah very similar
that's fun
[Laughter]
oh I see what's going on here the new
Schlitz mmm
let's oh that's classic shorts
is what it is because for a while they
suck cussing going on mmm that's nice
Scots it's good we want to hear it
drinking game every time day cutscene
take a drink oh wait I didn't mean to do
that
I'll get the hang goes I think I think
they added this level teach you things
that you learn just by playing the
original on your own specific wasn't the
original cuz I guess 'sir didn't start
it up on the screen we haven't think
where you went
well yeah you know I remember that
there's a scream you get to pick what
adventure you go on really yeah the
original matter at all Oh Mike there's a
question for you house how does it feel
to be so talented but to have less
talented people like Mira knowing smile
[Laughter]
it's funny enough where I said that well
how do I get this guy down I'm probably
going to hit the bowl go the other way
and I've been falling down and you can
use it again and that you probably
should have jumped on a can before you
moved it over it did it though yeah
maybe I did everything wrong that's okay
I'm so fun if she wasn't the cutscene
maybe hey no
they give me embraces I'm just talking
that's the game follows it by yeah it's
a super good game
oh my god oh what the ball that roll
over on a collector yeah and you have to
rebuild the stars yes please skip
cutscene they drink
oh yeah hey Lou I got a cake the cake
was not a wife
no that's we already did that one we
already did that
yeah no he did again don't care do it
like five more times then it'll be funny
again that's how it works good like is
it not something you should do no and of
course it's sometimes people feel how do
people feel about Jay skipping the
cutscenes yeah I'm sure they feel okay
with it but they might hate it who knows
you know what they're gonna have to deal
with it here they said we're gonna be
sloshed if we have to drink every cut
yeah
[Music]
oh my god I keep trying to avoid it and
I just oh sorry guys Channel still says
we're playing shovel knight it yeah
actually it should have said we were
playing one Finger Death Punch yeah
every guy's ducktales remastered say
skip cuts in okay we just update it's a
notch it said ducktales remastered thank
you oh okay the Amazon Transylvania the
mines the Himalayas and the moon I don't
know where some of this I remembered you
played the second book it was the type
notes to know I think there's duck tales
we'll see thank you yes I want to travel
to the Amazon do it what's slime and
animals disease we played shovel knight
how about we play online for a few hours
before this yeah so that's why it said
we were playing gentleman sorry about
6:30 yeah we did so we got a good than
Monticello my tent
really love that game right press the
start to bring up a map oh okay oh don't
forget to jump on them monkeys oh you
got skills
oh no I missed that one yes he will go
to the moon don't worry
no I didn't want to hit you dummy did
you call him a dummy I told ya the
monkey I don't mean you call them one
gear down I don't care play the goddamn
game he's 9 years old they did this for
the fans uh-huh well you know what it's
there if people want to hear it yeah um
he's gonna bite me isn't he yeah I
should have done that oh look at the
animation right yeah this is good man I
can't believe that that's beautiful
it looks like a cartoon
oh my lord
I mean mark of the ninja is like George
of the jungle in what way I have no idea
what that means other than the name of
the something right no similarities I
like that Reverend I like market image
it is fun game or even just my favorite
okay really good stealth camera yeah
I've never thought they could pull off
to the sill and then they did yeah yeah
Morgan Inge is really funny God and I
didn't get too far in it just cuz it got
a little say me for me but oh what do I
do here
maybe like jump a little out and come
back yeah hey when it comes down pull
the jump overs ass oh you can poop on
this place yeah well there you go oh my
god planning J is the best video game
right absolutely Jays doing great doing
he's doing great duck tails no no J is
doing perfectly acceptable all these
storms is annoying though hey you want
to go to the Amazon I guess this is all
my fault get that ice cream oh yeah
it really is good animation it looks it
doesn't look fantastic
this looks nice and as long as it plays
the same like that's that's a good
remake then right yeah see this is what
I don't like despite spikes on the top
and the bottom Oh or am I supposed to
bounce - oh that's the challenge I
wonder a message coming back Arnie oh
yeah just take the hit Oh take the heart
hit I didn't want to do that but I did
that's your chest judge you judge it or
second speed sometimes this game looks
like a cartoon let me give my stupid
item yeah anytime I get anything they
give me a cutscene yeah oh if only there
was a cutscene to tell you what to do
yeah
or you know you could just play the game
and explore naturally that's what yeah
yeah you know kind of like how you're
supposed to play a game
it's okay Jaden wasn't a rich he wants
more cutscenes rich wants more cutscenes
stop more gameplay let me know the story
you're a fucking duck that's the story
jump on shit
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh Emmitt it's not what I meant to do
[Laughter]
no oh I am anti cutscene
yes good for you Jack how do you feel
about the Reuben sandwich it's a fine
sandwich if done I've done right it's a
fine sandwich corn corned beef
a gift from the heavens I enjoy
sandwiches more than most o cuphead I
really am looking forward to competent
cuphead it's good but it's come in uh
it's a I I know nothing about the game
except for the art style is like those
old like black and white Mickey cartoons
and like this it's like a cartoon yeah
cuphead looks super fun only from art
cell oh and I know nothing about the
game it could be a turn-based RPG for
all I know but it looks really fun it
looks like a game I don't want to play
conducts even jump it's only a game well
not yet they don't oh wow what's that I
don't know what I'm hurrying up by not
bouncing per day oh yeah you got super
invincibility go in backwards wish
dammit stop now what's my opinion now
what's everybody what's your opinion on
grilled cheese I like yeah it's fine but
never buy it at a restaurant because
it's overcharged that's why my
restaurant is toasted bread and cheese
you should never be more than two
dollars
Koster 598 if no cuz some restaurants
have amazing grilled-cheese really yes
you're not going to the right places if
it's let's just like a couple slices of
cheese and grilled bread then they're
cheating you but I'm always always
reluctant to get it well she is dropping
a comment on the east side amazing
grilled cheese well could they put shit
in there that's what makes it great
yeah Oh like there's ham and bacon and
spiders on him oh they don't do that no
they do bacon oh yeah there's bacon and
there's tomato hmm several different
kinds of cheese it's great yeah I did
not go up here Oh
Jack explained to Jay what invincibility
frames are explained to me anything I'm
not you know what fucking I'm not gonna
explain anything he used to do it did
you did you watch the cartoon by a
Spectre eh Jake oh yeah yeah I was a fan
of scary men if I was playing this by
myself you maybe I would oh I'm just
playing I'm just genuinely curious is
somebody who loved the cartoon show yeah
yeah I've got st. people only do know
that's cool that's cool but I just want
to I just on a plate yeah but no
personally I don't care I feel like am i
handsome
yeah no I I was a fan of this cartoon it
was a good show I think I would still
skip the cutscenes because if I wanted
to listen to the dialogue
I would watch a cartoon this is a game
yeah two different mediums for two
different things that's like getting a
new episode of cartoon but I wouldn't
watch the cartoon now is it because
you're an adult I mean I did oh no bill
oh oh my god
did he kill you with his laser eyes no I
just fell down oh the laser eyes are
there all the time
oh yeah it's uh what's his name
Launchpad McQuack yeah nice I think it's
kind of lazy
[Music]
are you are LM guys looking forward to
the Twin Peaks blu-ray release yes all
the deleted firewalk of my footage
mm-hmm I've not been that excited about
anything in a while cheese sandwich like
a really good grilled cheese sandwich
really good I know
torn piece is better than a good grilled
cheese sandwich you want do some real
talk for a second I don't have a blu-ray
player no no
well you just read everything I stream
everything everything's digital my house
up I I do not buy as much physical media
as I used to but I like district
collectors things like scream factory
has been putting out some pretty great
releases and I'm buying a lot of stuff
that are things I never would have
expected to see remastered in HD
[Laughter]
maybe Oh like Oh secret like I just
discovered the film transfers is coming
out on blu-ray this month I'm very
excited but that's something where it's
like kind of lame a movie but I never
would have expected someone to give it
at any sort of special edition treatment
I sort of think that it exists is
exciting to me that's good I bought life
force on blu-ray I mean that's worth it
bendrix things I saw years later like oh
my god I shouldn't make you sad in your
heart for not having a blu-ray player
because I still watch a lot of movies
but I just stream them through one of
the 1000 high-definition streaming
services that are out there
oh yes you know what if curse of the
wolf comes out on blu-ray on standard
definition video then I will get a
blu-ray that is not something on video
yeah oh I almost forgot to skip the the
scene
Oh oh man some point right now is that
on blu-ray is great is that what your
blu-ray
it looks too great on blu-ray they they
cut out their tennis shoes yeah no I
really liked what was was the ninja
movie that we watched on blu-ray
ninja three ninja Mets scream angry
that's the company I was talking about
they're doing amazing work you know and
like like we I think we mentioned in the
episode see you can see the string
that's holding the man yeah word up
because it's on blu-ray and that is
beautiful to see all of those
imperfections going backwards right
yeah I've not been this direction no I
didn't do anything you know what I'm
gonna throw this out to everyone how do
we feel about piracy I'm not a fan of
viruses like on the high seas no no did
you yeah I don't fire it stuff I don't
fire it stuff
there's here so I feel that virus oh no
I paid for the games I have but I really
like the game I will try to find a
pirated copy of it as well in addition
the one I paid for
because with online DRM there's no
guarantee you'll get to hold on to that
game you have it so the company says
well our servers not supporting it
anymore
hi
so you know III love X come correct for
exes
they definitely got my money but that
might be a pirated version on my
harddrive I'm not saying there is oh but
there might be all right okay all right
yeah no I don't I don't steal things
because it is is you know like we can
call it pirating but it's stealing see
piracy caused this miss piracy cause
this would live dieren and you know in
my mind you get this a very strict no
privacy yeah but no I almost say there
was archivist archivist at this point
archivist okay sure sure okay I don't
know it's it's just one of those things
where you know if you enjoy something
pay for it and then more of that thing
will get made you don't look anything
about the mess with the lesson City game
limit oh yeah I was paying up all the
time single player game you couldn't
play it unless you're running wine oh
the game would shut down and the day it
was released their servers went down
paid $50 for this game and they didn't
care about the multiplayer features you
want to play the game on their own
couldn't play cuz the company wouldn't
let them the server was down yeah it is
stealing so I mean to do that
your year of the glaad stealing his
chart is says stealing is charging more
and more at the theaters then don't go
see a movie
yeah that's not stealing yeah that's
them charge I'm charging you something
and if you don't like that about then
you don't go then you don't you're
voicing your opinion but nothing and if
enough people don't go they will lower
the price that's how it works you see so
it is stealing and even though you're
just making a copy of something it is
still stealing
so and and you know I'm not I'm not
gonna hate on anyone know who's stealing
but you know
I'm also a duck don't try and justify it
as something other than what it is right
exactly like that is it just call it
call it what it is yo oh my gosh I mean
like if you paid for that thing on top
of having a pirated copy
yeah you know what I think that's fair
and I do think that if you pay for a
copy you should have the option to get a
hard copy like that's you know that's
something I would like to see in general
uh midget bar fight you're right I don't
know shit it's very true right oh he
said Jack doesn't know shit oh he's a
guy who's in here and he says Jack
doesn't know shy oh you're in a
conversation about midget bar fights
well that used to be a thing right they
would they would hire they would hire
midgets to like I have no idea what
you're talking about
oh my god it was a thing I don't think
it was don't worry about it no content
and media theft is theft that's right oh
man you guys listen this is a whole
thing this is a whole thing
[Music]
why are we talking about piracy my
controller is vibrating because because
of piracy it sense it what if you just
want to try a game out before dropping
50 bucks
most digital services have demos you can
play and you read reviews and you listen
to your friends and peers and that's
that's the point of review shows is to
give you a sense of something before you
buy it especially especially smaller
companies that betcha hurts that oh God
that should super hurt smaller companies
and you know what most places no this is
still happening
red blaster thank you for telling me
about add X Direction oh that's weird
[Laughter]
Jesus is annoying I'm just doing the
same crap over over there we may just
die already
yeah sorry mm-hmm you're the one HM huh
I'm enjoying this I don't remember any
of these levels but I'm enjoying this
you haven't skip this cutscene yet oh oh
my god I need a beer stays clear
[Music]
come on I'm talking about the what oh
man I missed something
I asked you if you were to go to the
moon everybody loves the theme song oh
yeah that's apparently something okay
there's a lot you know what let's go to
the moon days apparently after we skip
this cutscene there's really good music
on the moon that's what rich was just
saying what am i doing right now oh okay
I'll go to the moon
I think Transylvania was the level I
remember the most I think that's the one
I played because it was Transylvania and
headed for Roman Jack which body check
which body powder do you suggest for
all-day dryness I like gold bond also
deodorant really helps just in general I
like baking powder yeah yeah does it
make you tingle in the special places oh
my God look at that thing I'm gonna kill
it just this cocaine count there we're
gonna turn up the music a bit whoa I
want that no I guess I'm not gonna get
it well you could jump on his head
you know wait someone gets closer to me
damn it
oh that's a good question Jane do you
remember what your very first camera was
um no well it was my grandmother's
camera she was the first one in her
family to buy a VHS camcorder but I
couldn't tell you what brand it was I
know I destroyed it my camcorder and I
destroyed that work no I'm good now I
learned what's funny you're talking
about yeah oh if you're talking about
your balls get some Gold Bond talcum
powder that shit is awesome for sweaty
balls you don't use that go bump pull up
mommy mean guys oh my god cool animation
is great there's an animator great yeah
I do anything with these tubes nope
[Laughter]
oh my god tuff nice the moon now J
alright let's get serious I mean I guess
[Music]
any public uh father's uh uh I don't
know I don't want to try there's no more
crap over here that I didn't do
oh I'll come get it I'm gonna go back
hit the crap elaborate there's probably
a lot of stuff every year I shine man oh
well guess that J do you have a favorite
Tales from the Crypt episode oh that's a
good one um it was like the one with
hairy Anderson no reason animator worry
are Rize artist for the Tales from the
Crypt common was always like that one
more things he draws comes to life oh
okay that's a good one the one with
Bobcat Goldthwait and what's his name
the old grumpy comedian that insults
everybody battles Don Rickles yeah it's
him and Don Rickles husband Charlie
quests okay yeah Don Rickles is like
this famous I don't know yeah he's this
famous ventriloquist but it turns out
that the dummy is actually like his
mutant twin brother
yeah I remember that's so good that was
great oh that was really great nice one
yeah oh man I'd like that show J and
Jack how do you guys stay motivated when
working on large projects J how do you
stay motivated while working on space
captain um I just I'm just wanting to
get it done does that count as
motivation we credit every moment of my
life does regret motivate you doing -
which you know you know what motivates
me I'm gonna get gonna get real is
actually getting a little bits of it
done one yeah the motivating thing is
when you shoot some stuff and edit it
together and it seems like it's kind of
working
that's motivation - well I think you got
to get all the switches oh I don't know
how to get a switch you got one - agree
how do it okay I thought you had to do
something clever
[Laughter]
okay I was trying to like make the rocks
bounce and I was overestimating the game
board oh here we go
what's your favorite episode of sliders
I think I saw an episode here and there
but I never really watched some oh man
yeah it's a good concept but I have
trouble remembering individual episode
yeah they all kind of blend it together
I know I know I like the first season
before it became a complete shock am I
gonna sit no it was great
it was a great slot come on no no I
don't think they'd stay in to realize
what if yeah I think that's a fact
I like the Brisco County jr. the only
episode I can actually remember at the
time is the the what if the universe of
all the women are in charge and and the
big man has to win an election and they
make a bet over whether the man will
winner the woman and he won but they
slide it at a time when he was still
losing some he had to be like the lady's
servant or something that's the only
episode I remember and I watched it I'll
watch that show the universe we live in
war no no oh God Oh God
okay
[Laughter]
let's face cop on blu-ray probably yeah
yeah nice most likely and digital
download it's got a new digital download
did you guys watch some knew about new
Battlestar nope nope how much little
Battlestar know one of those things
where if it's a long-running merit if
you wait for the show stomach that's
been dead for a while no it was good the
the end it was kind of was kind of sucky
like the last episode I really enjoyed
it I'm faster okay yeah I was really fun
because something like like Jericho
really interesting premise on whatever
show gets canceled and it never gets a
proper conclusion so I am always
reluctant to get into anything with it I
know how to describe that running there
to her oh yeah yeah that's that's a good
way to describe it
hey like a once again forgotten mister a
map or something yeah I saw something
about a man starter so like this I'm
gonna do a little yeah I go so like go
up the yeah I think you have to guess
where I've been
right right okay you gotta get on a bus
okay so I've got okay I get it if
Jericho was the one more like nuclear
bombs exploded major cities in the US
and it takes place the small town and
nobody knows what's going on or who got
new communications cut it down sure it's
really interesting hmm
and then it got canceled oh so then it's
like well I guess that was not worth it
now I'm just gonna sit here fling some
rocks don't worry about me
I like flinging the rocks they would be
able to one of people in the town and he
actually has a nuclear bomb and his face
meeting supposed to be one of people
stem off and dinner
oh that's nice that's nice
Jericho is actually continued in comic
books is what they're saying
switch mediums like that in frightened
if I start watching a TV show I want to
see the conclusion in the TV show yeah
yeah I could see that I couldn't see
that
Oh first came clearly got finished
that's show or that on a cliffhanger but
unfortunately they were able to come
back for a last mini series to wrap
everything up I never got welcome me
some Farscape wait there's a running man
remake there is I don't know I just yeah
that's what I thought I saw someone say
wait what running an aunt works this is
good if the question is does it give a
room make of the Arnold Schwarzenegger
movie there's gonna be faithful to the
book no wishes I read once because I
like movies yeah very different very
very different not bad oh my god I
didn't mean to do that
get your thumb straight Baumann
what
[Music]
for Lu Jack Farscape rules I you know I
tried I tried watching and what this
wasn't my no where am I supposed to do
we got a Pokemon like in Pokemon yeah I
I can only oh yeah I can okay they're
nice oh how are you getting all the the
space using us
gizmo duck oh man oh yeah
I am hype for guardians of the galaxy
yeah I saw a new trailer for it tonight
that I haven't seen before and yeah a
new property that actually looks fun
yeah I'm looking more forward to
guardians of the galaxy than I am the
new Star Wars I can say that with 100%
certainty all right yeah yeah no I'm I
know and maybe I'm only excited about it
because I know nothing about the comic
book and so it words yeah I don't know
any what they're coming at us I like the
trailers yeah I like the the kind of
tone of it and I like James Gunn's son
yeah I kinda wonder about that where
it's like Batman and Superman you have
expectations going in out there
character and so like if if people fuck
it up you know that they fucked it up
but I won't know if they fuck up
guardians of the galaxy because it's
talking raccoon
how can you fuck that up we just did
that over down and oh it already yeah
no again no straight-up lotion
no now it's tree oh no oh no
now I gotta go down again yeah up again
you know but yeah the wet simple
I already got denied no so blowing I
missed one oh I don't know what's
happening do you uh rich answered this
before heating the rich doesn't has not
did not much care he got a couple
episodes into Doctor Who and didn't much
care not everything has to be it was
[Music]
beaver what detector no no I like I like
I have very little interest I'm sure
it's fine all right
I like this I got it got bad people
people tell me I have to wait until
what's-his-face shows up is the backdoor
though what's Stan named lieutenant yeah
people like that no I like no they watch
most or at least half of the first
season first season with the other guy
so I like him better he's my favorite
doctor yeah
the first oh what's the fuck is his name
he was the bank Olson yeah Eccleston is
my favorite doctor he was great how many
people in the checks I'm sure a lot of
you a lot but but he he was he was the
first doctor a son I really like that I
really like the way he played it and I
like that too and I even liked Matt
Smith for two seasons before he got bad
what's the matter saying I gotta go down
but I don't know how to go down was
early mr. something oh yeah oh I did now
just close enough attention and planning
yes
I don't game station warden I don't
think Doctor Who is pretentious I think
Doctor Who fans are pretentious it's a
it's a children's show it's a goofy
little space show and it's it's really
fun it's a fun little space show but
there are some really good episodes
there are some really great episodes of
Doctor Who
make the entire series even the bad
stuff worth it the trouble with most
things that have diehard fans in most
cases are the fans I have offense as a
bad thing of course but the people that
are really like that then get angry yeah
but if you disagree with them like that
that's I don't know I've never
understood that yeah yeah you know it's
great to be a fan of something like it
didn't a I'm fans of lots of things me
no one it's okay to have an opinion
about things but you you know other
people might have different opinions and
I know that's hard for some people
that's a wrap their head around when
when Doctor Who when I felt doctor who
was getting bad I used to have people
get together and we would watch Doctor
Who and it got really bad and I kept
telling myself man this is getting worse
and worse okay I'll just give it the
rest of the season and if it's still bad
I'm just not gonna watch Doctor Who
anymore and that's because it's so bad
right and the people I was watching with
would agree with me that it was a oh
that's awesome but the problem is they
would continue to watch the show even
though they admitted it was bad and it's
like well why are you watching
yeah why are you talking about it just
stop watching if it's bad people are
like that like with Star Wars 2 or
they're like all the prequels are bad
but but Star Wars yeah it's like no you
don't have to watch it right because it
belongs to a franchise like you once
enjoyed right right
get over it gizmo doc you're not helping
very much
[Laughter]
yeah well you you're right opinions are
bullshit why is the moon purple that's a
good question right do you know why
because it's colorful and nice to look
at can't breathe
[Laughter]
you know what we can't comment on anime
fans cuz I don't know if we know
anything I don't know what yeah so done
I know that there are people that love
anime but I think I'm supposed to like
anime because I'm some kind of super
nerd yeah I know I mean some I've seen
some and I enjoyed some that I've seen
I've seen some of Dragon Ball Z and I
was kind of just kind of amazed that a
show would have a fight scene that would
last for two weeks they would have a
fight thing that would span 12 episode
[Laughter]
but I approve of that kind of access
yeah yeah it's a little bit beautiful
oh yeah we do we need we need a couple
more copies of new keys we always need
more copies of new just a few few more
guys will have that finding my power
runny now yeah yeah like stuff like
Akira and cowboy bebop we got a ghost in
the shell is really nice
Oh extra hard extra hard for about one
nice spirited away oh yeah any of that
um Oh what's this is Aki Miyazaki yes
and like spirited away my neighbor
totoro oh what's the one with the fish
girl that's really fun too
Studio Ghibli there's one thing enough I
don't know what swords a fish girl yo
there's one with a fish girl I really
like him oh wow you know what it doesn't
matter you're gonna tell me in in about
10 seconds and solve this wait
Ponyo thank you yeah this guy's fast
all right cake farts comm says in all
caps validate the things that I also
like and I agree with that
I know thank you fine you're fine you're
fine oh my god he can teleport oh my god
super mouse over here I know the joke
too this one which rlm member has the
highest power level we are all at 9000
that's a joke
listen it's an internet thing you guys
don't like it but these people also
don't like it I'm assuming I can't hit
him when he is radioactive you try a
moves too fast anyway so whatever he's
probably there was something it's just
great because he's faster
[Music]
uh-uh oh yeah you guys remember that
liquid televisions eon Wow oh yeah
I want liquid television in general that
was a big fan of I really catch up on
you know there was one segment that I
remember called dog boy there was
actually live action yeah and everybody
had like plastic hair it was really
weird yeah I was I was a fan of photo it
was a fan of like with television
boy I started right um maybe no I think
so
they might uh I don't know I never saw
the Aeon Flux movie I'm assuming that
suck sad why would you yeah no one would
ever look anything like a in flux right
does that was the whole point of the
show is the style
incredibly incredibly stylized there had
some TV show that nobody wash oh yeah
there wasn't as violence I don't know I
never watched it mm probably didn't die
in half the episodes like she did a bit
[Music]
number one was receiving his mother
though she couldn't die fitness it's
right yeah I'm TV used to take some
chances with our animation I've been
interesting stuff the back skirt - who
is great now they don't do nothing I
know
well he keeps the beer everywhere -
where's this infinite
I don't know how I don't know how things
work oh hey he gives you shit this is
just the same shit over and over this is
more yeah they do need to speak miss
offices I think I'll have fun gaming all
this long yes yes I didn't say it no I
don't care no it was this was this was
how they patted out the running time of
NES games by doing the same shit over
and over again and Backman dated in a
hair save States or continued so the
difficulty was just in completion did
[Music]
anyone else want to play banana take
over they can once you're bored
do what you gonna do em like this
whatever I want yeah this is yours
fuck you out fuck yeah the max Oh max
was great resume in a few comic books I
have heard actively collected now until
I realized it wasn't going anywhere no
game
[Music]
blowing out your crumbs eggs I can hear
that from here no I've got a like half
off my ear yeah that's probably why you
can hear it Jack tell us the coffee
story you never told this to two streams
ago I don't know what my coffee story is
I think it's just how I make my coffee
this is gonna go down the same vein as
telling you what it was like growing up
on a farm it's not very interesting
okay here's what it's like growing up on
a farm imagine growing up on a farm I
moved to a farm okay I did I was nuts
I was not a child on a farm I would do a
farm later life
okay okay I know this is disturbing cat
story oh yeah we don't tell the history
canister that's two it's two shot games
but it's not sure so you don't think
everyone's mind of it I did start
mohei my iced coffee
no now it's getting warm enough and so
it's four cups of really coarsely ground
coffee beans and seven cups of water
that you let steep overnight you know
about 16 hours and then you have to
filter it through a metal mesh filter
and then your normal paper coffee filter
and it takes it takes a good couple of
hours to filter it all just because it's
very it's a very slow process but it
will get you amazing iced coffee and
I'll get you like five days worth of
iced coffee so
that's my summary of the routine Julie
Jay doesn't like guys coughing you just
like stop coffee even when it's hot wait
yeah I drink hot coffee even when it's
90 degrees out that's weird
yeah that's okay this I remember I
remember the skeleton duck so you have
to hit twice am i why am I here Who am I
and why am I here
yeah Mike no Mike is still here he's
been quietly staring at us for them for
the past hour and a half he refuses to
move or speak to us I think he's dead he
might be dead I can't do anything to
these ghosts ghosts ghosts see what
you're saying to me about no goblins
[Laughter]
cameras they're just saying to me about
these goblins ain't got no goblins or
ghosts all right boo this is spooky oh
this is spooky oh no skill of ducks
get out of here skeleton Doug's me a hit
year go let's go skip that guy hey Jay
cares engine what you're removing the
skeleton oh my god you're right we're
doing it guys we're really doing it
that's happened twice today as you
remove skeletons twice
yeah that's did your ass all night loose
tell us oh yeah yeah Oh finally we
understand what all you people words are
we totally good
thanks guys you did it you helped us out
and it's great yeah it really helped
three four weeks ago when you told us to
remove skeletons we didn't realize you
knew you know psychic powers
thank you mustn't move go go
Oh get that Bobo doll no gonna give
anything in between
that wasn't that my culture well as hell
that's bullshit hmm
[Music]
some beagle boy dressed like a ghost
Oh rod Wow what gaming why are we
playing next week we don't know that
takes you back up here disgust yeah well
you're not discuss this I think what
happens tonight it's probably gonna end
up Bank armory yeah yeah probably we
should yeah we can do a ps2 night yeah
all ps2 all night oh yeah yeah what's
with the Gomer pile laughs Jack
sometimes I laugh and it sounds funny
sometimes you find things humorous and
it makes you laugh sometimes when I find
things amusing and I can't control the
noise that comes out of it
it wouldn't be next time I'm wondering
about the feasibility of a thief's
stream oh this fucking ghost
oh my god you have many ghosts and why
wonder if he was too slow for that
stream I'm a it might be him I mean I
don't know oh it's not a ghost Jay oh it
was just him it was a beagle boy
beagle boy burger boy burger beagle
burger beagle dogs nothing's gone you
know anything about science at all
I remember being that off from something
I can't remember nothing about science
yeah Charles cartel
the new one oh yeah oh it could be it
absolutely could be
oh and the people are saying that they
liked the ex-con stream which was found
boring by sama
hey you know what well I mean a thief is
one of those games that I know I should
play like as a gamer should play thief
characters are the video game equivalent
of stick figures oh yeah like like faces
they don't have actual noses it's just
like black oh man okay we're gonna tell
more burger jokes have we told any Berto
I don't want to go in there I did a
couple weeks ago I told burger Jo how
did you tell em I oh I'm up here now oh
that's right you were reading from the
desert in the murder book hearing from
the burger joke book oh my god oh it's
exciting huh oh you got a dark oh my god
yeah now I get it
no he is a duck rich that was a good and
Jack is proud of himself that was a good
joke right off the top of the old melons
proud very proud of that joke the good
jokes these are the jokes I scream piece
of the jokes my card that just seems
like a stupid thing you mean you mean
like in real life yeah yeah
in real life yeah oh I guess screwed up
is old it just doesn't care
time 500 I don't care in ducky is I'm a
hunk I'm 120 my god there's multiple
ghosts
one of them's not a ghost all right just
try and frighten you away because he's
acting like a ghost I mean this real
ghost around I mean they're not the
brightest no the burger boys have you
made any rlm content on the computer
you're using to stream this what what
well we have three computers that we're
using at the moment as during this well
we have two computers and three monitors
no well we're playing on the computer on
my computer and so we're playing on the
computer that I use to edit on it's
streaming through a different computer
that I don't use to edit on that's
fascinating stuff this is a good story
[Laughter]
guys uh it's getting it's getting lonely
how do you got those jobs
yeah yeah there's a weird question it
was a weird question so I kind of want
to answer it I don't know wait yeah how
much porn is on the computer nothing
cool it who downloads porn anymore you
can stream it for free but come on get
would have it download porn yes sure dad
Oh No
ryan crew my girlfriend is naked but I
told her I have to watch the previously
recorded live
that's a dumb decision dog I don't know
how much of that to not believe yeah I
mean probably all of it go for the girl
I always go for the girl oh can you
knock their skulls up to hit the
treasure oh I bet you can I make sense
guys oh fuck yeah oh great oh yeah
you're probably right he wants to know
if we can get a glance at the desktop
and see the file for an extra point good
review you know like desktop no I can I
can quick make a file and put it on my
desktop if you want and it'll be for
what did we say it was earlier the sound
of music sounded me as I am I can't
can't remember all the lies we tell nice
Jake
good shot got a million dollars wish
really I mean that's nothing to Scrooge
McDuck that's true ma'am one presumes he
has billions Heisman waive asked a good
but dumb question hmm is porn piracy
okay no but you don't need to pirate it
there are hundreds of websites that give
it to you for free that's the dumbest
question in the world why would you
pirate something you can already
obtained for free be like stealing air
that's how that's how ubiquitous porn
it's stealing hair okay look for
Spaceballs yeah nice one here you're
absolutely right what's your favorite
shitty Light beer I like Miller Lite
it's a nice shitty Light beer I like Old
Milwaukee light that's a nice shitty
Light beer I'll know why he liked all
the walkie light never had it I like did
I have it yes sure you might have oh
this room is there's no entrance to it
Carlos no you gotta do some sort of some
sort of magic Oh what what if it's like
a mirror I just yeah maybe I'm gonna get
in here can you hit those thanks with
the King no that's why just trying to do
oh it didn't working for it what that
work now that's weird
that's the only way to get them there
and then the kind of sense hey look at
what oh there we go there's the mirror
no this treasure show they're probably
secretive and that's not does J play a
major role in space Cup maybe place
April okay good answer
it's not the movies not edited yet
someone that I do yeah that'll be a
major role the editing so ya know you
might be able to yeah there we go
[Laughter]
I was gonna answer your question and
then I read your new username band
it's a funny question - free porn
websites done on the content that they
lost I don't give a fuck oh I didn't
want to do that tonight
where am i oh yeah
[Music]
there's no music here this makes it
creepy all I hear is footsteps oh this
is this is fine it says Jack ask rich to
ask Jay when the next video is coming up
on the site so rich
could you ask Jay when the next video is
coming up on the same no okay I remember
fighting her oh this is all coming back
to me who's that
I had chicken service bill what's right
magic in the skull okay I don't remember
oh my god oh my god I don't remember
it's been a while since I've seen the
show
dumb ass dumb ass
how many times have we been to the
bronze bones I've been exactly once
twice I've been in the vicinity many
times have you ever like actually just
been there for the bronze funds no it's
usually like if I'm in downtown with
someone that maybe is from out of town
or that's one and then I took someone
else there to see it once and that's it
all right and I'm gonna stream this
Sunday probably I'm probably gonna
stream I try to stream every Sunday it
doesn't always happen we have very
important work to do last Sunday yes
a very important work so I moved it to
Monday and then we had a power outage Oh
Monday night all of my neighborhood
Emmett ran out of juice so I make it up
yeah I'll do next Sunday
Oh oh my lord that's terrifying yeah Jay
have you ever told Jack that he looks
like the Dean from community I have not
because I never really thought of that
they are doing another season there it's
coming back that's so that show will not
die movie - well that's that's been a
running thing it's a rumor yeah it's
been a running joke there was like a
hashtag called six seasons and a movie
oh so now this will be their sixth
season yeah it's a it's a running joke
mmm did I beat her looks like she
probably told me right there but
whatever do I only have one stage what
I don't be are you gonna beat the game I
think I'm right this is awesome oh yeah
if there's only one stage left they're
pretty sure that's all there is
I'm assuming that will be the night are
we gonna do anything else here now I
don't know you do what you want we'll do
what we want
sure um what oh all right stuff fingers
into that stream and it just came back
or the chat I'm not gonna tell you my
wife's name so
[Music]
hello Wow I'm opening the vault oh this
is neat no jump there great that there's
nothing to do down here but it's just
great what is going on
you can jump it takes whip ha that's
funny
oh no there's two more oh why does
everyone else take over I feel like I've
been hogging it here I know I don't mind
because you wanted to play this and what
are you gonna be able to not look you
can not if you're having fun please
knock your socks off alright I'm gonna
take a 15-second break here okay you
know what let's take let's take a
commercial break
okay that's a good idea
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
microns on we're going back yo
that was childish oh that's right we do
need a couple more copies of new key
boys always so that's that's the P o box
please stuff them with $100 bills before
you send them out what is this guy's
name rule I think that sounds right sure
I don't think his name is a duck pond
because most of them are yeah oh my god
oh my god it's a bad oh my oh my lord
I'm these are appearing out of nowhere
someone has that's an interesting
question have you ever changed your mind
about a movie or reviewed hmm have you
ever rewatched a movie that you reviewed
I guess it would be my first Bush every
watched movies that I like that we
reviewed boy I don't think so
I would probably be less forgiving a
Prometheus now I still don't think it's
the worst thing a per or but I was
probably more kind to that at the time
that I was now just because I thought
the backlash was so ridiculous but you
were more kind than you could have been
as we're saying yeah yeah I gave it a
more favorable review than I probably
would now the worst right I have known
as ivory watches sure
funk burger we played the shovel knight'
for about four hours a couple hours ago
well they're asking for shovel - yeah
but you know what I might play it again
on my Sunday stream just because I end
up on a good time
damn you back and we might play later
who knows you have to get familiar with
ex-con okay that's one of these days one
of these days what you feel like you
know that game well enough absolutely
need to be so close to me okay
I've not played on one single
multiplayer match can you break these
big boxes those what if you came just
curious they look that place okay thank
ya oh and this disappears Oh y-yeah I
can understand a haunted mansion look
why would a mine have a transparent I
don't know
well it's a there's there's secrets
secrets talk about loss by or
disappointed by it I wasn't one of them
because I never got into the shine I
really think I'm going to buy it today I
knew people would be disappointed by it
and I just avoided the whole fucking
thing yeah it was a good show good
characters some really great episodes
but man that they completely ruin it
oh and I really like the ending because
they're crazy because at that phone in
this matte like it would have been nice
if they would have given us some answers
about stuff but at that point in the
show all that mattered was the
characters that's not true though and we
got if all the Barons what's the
characters they would not have dammit
I'm - I'm lost they were not devoted so
much time to all the island shit well
that the island should ever get a proper
resolution
No okay well some of know you got some
resolution but most of it was bullshit
that they pulled out of their ass at the
last Mia some of it did zona didn't he
lost is completely ruining my
concentration I heard about the shit
they were doing and the first thing I
thought was they have no idea what's
going on right here here's what I will
say and I had a little bit of faith in
them that they didn't know what they
were doing they were pulling shit out of
their ass yeah that's exactly what it
was it smells right I think this is
something that a lot of people can agree
on lost has one of the greatest pilots
oh yeah yeah the pilot episode of lost
sold me even on the bad seasons I think
that carried me over a long way no now
they appeared
oh thank you one great pilot lost that's
it then that's us talking about lost yay
boss is the thing that happened it's
true
bosses they show that used to be on
television and it's not anymore
I enjoyed it that is oh I enjoyed it a
lot while it was on but I mean really
see in and you know like there was some
shit luck in there they got hit with the
writers strike for all seasons the
season - dammit so there's some shit
like okay let's talk about something
better than locking me up I'm blaming it
on loss wall systems you guys like 24
I've never seen I'm not everyone saying
I'm knowing well that's amazing that
none of us have seen it I mean it's your
I'm sure it's good because it's you know
on TV all the time I guess but where am
I Jack the pilot on lock suck that that
thought that plane fell out of a goddamn
sky the pilot suck oh thank you for that
points to you awsome tane yeah was that
you I got the joke in here you missed
film plane but I get it that was funny
ah it's Leslie is cool England
if I come fuck you know what about come
back you lose those things Jeff not
water green yeah oh sure oh god damn it
maybe talk about Archer I haven't seen
Archer the few episodes I've seen I've
enjoyed but I haven't I've seen maybe
two or three episodes it seems like a
funny show I should watch it because I
love frisky dingo st. people like it
looks like similar art style so I would
assume okay
I also enjoyed frisky dingo and who who
does the voice I'm bad here I don't know
its name thanks that kind of John
Benjamin John Benjamin yeah so it's for
this voice you're talking about The
Archers oh yeah artoo and I you should
Taylor's very funny and Chris Parnell is
very funny and I don't know her real
name but Lucille from Preston
development oh yeah um miss her name I
feel like I should know it I don't know
I don't know she's also in the film tape
heads
Oh is she with John Cusack big movie she
plays a character named Kmart but it's a
very good movie oh yeah Jay is still
playing Jay Z I am oh I think Jay is
gonna try to beat the game tonight at
this point I guess
because why never oh no I keep dying
down there doing bad on this level even
though it's not that difficult
thank God there are lives eat me Fox
yeah
every beer is I don't think so there's
no indication of there being any no well
he's playing an easy maybe there are on
oh that's right am i easy yeah okay
all right well that's nice like a
Walters thank you Thank You Chad
like just glanced at the chat what about
Barbara Walters Barbara Walters she's
the mom on Arrested Development yeah of
course I remember Duckman every other
member his duck man I don't know if a
lot of people do actually world I mean
even people from that it was you know
cable I don't think people watch those
shows really I didn't have cable I knew
of that show really well how does a
comedy person so it's like Jason
Alexander you know sure as much suddenly
like this yeah duck man and weird
science tell fun USA that was a great
night
I look forward what was it Friday night
Saturday nights one of them one of them
one of those - that's a weird good
thoughts on Trey Parker and Matt Stone
II don't think about much I love Trey
Parker and Matt Stone yeah I even kept
up with self-parking a long time but
cannibal the musical Orgazmo sure
absolutely and and in South Park I
haven't watched it in a while but man
I'm sure the shit out of that show I'm
sure South Park is just as consistently
good as it used to be I just don't want
it anymore
South Park was a really funny show it
might still be a funny show I'm sure it
is I'm sure it is they've made good
stuff and they don't give no fucks so I
don't I don't know if you were hoping
for something more I'm sorry
[Laughter]
they they're actually I'll say look up
an interview with the two of them on
YouTube it's conducted by Lloyd Kaufman
from trauma he went to visit them when
they were in the editing stage of Team
America and they give the most candid
amazing perfect interview about what
it's like to make a movie and try and be
creative that I've ever seen okay I'll
leave names up but didn't someone we
know accuse them of stealing their their
joker idea oh yeah that's right I have
talked about that no there's no recent
talk that's ancient history on it's
funny but yeah that that interview is so
great all they didn't they just talked
about how like you know you start you
have this idea and it's then you're very
really excited about it and then all
that enthusiasm completely goes away the
minute you start making the movie it's
nothing but compromise after compromise
we're whittling it down to the point
where it doesn't resemble what you
originally set out to make and then you
wonder why you even bothered in the
first place it's so great I really like
they it might still be on Netflix there
they're making of a South Park episode
oh that's great yeah where they make it
in six days yeah that's yeah those those
guys like even if you don't think
they're funny if they are dedicated to
what they do yeah yeah I'd sell that's
something funny they say in that Team
America interview they're like we don't
have to do this we're rich we hate this
and we haven't we don't need to do it
and we don't know why we continue to do
it how many creative teams in the
Simpsons have oh oh no part man subparts
been them for well they have a writers
room they had a writers room but they're
involved with every episode yeah it's
like I don't think that Matt Groening
yeah much to do with the citizens at
this point nothing
no but yeah no you know didn't they
recently didn't they recently fuck up
because they have the six-day cycle
yeah and they they give the tape to
Comedy Central's sometimes like hours
before the show actually airs right is
that their stick yeah
and it was recently that they had a they
had a power outage oh yeah I heard about
that so like the episode was like two
hours late yeah the first time in the
entire run of South Park oh my god he's
gonna fuck your shit keep doing this bad
jack what about kids in the hall what
about it's a great job kids in the hall
kids all advertising in small
I mean absurdist comedy but what do you
want the best thing kids and all ever
did and maybe one of my favorite short
films of all time you can find it on
YouTube is the most amazing thing which
what it's it's like a short film it's in
black and white and it kind of resembles
a David Lynch movie
this is dude that lives with his
grandmother or kind of father
that's just his father or something yeah
but so the guy works in a sausage
factory
and he's always stealing the sausage to
bring home to his father and his
father's ass always yelling sad yes and
it's but it's shot like this bleep weird
foreign hell it's so great isn't it has
no place in a sketch comedy you know and
that's a funny in the conventional sense
no because then like there's a woman and
quemo you falls in love with the woman
it's a great short film it really is and
he forgoes his sausage to give to his
father for the woman and then he gets oh
it's it's sausages is beautiful I enjoy
the precursor to that the guy who was
scoops up a roadkill now that was
another one of those show short films
where he scoops up roadkill and sells it
to rich people to use his drugs most of
that stuff but know something I don't
know long time yeah the haul is never
not good it I mean I I'm sure there's
some not good stuff but anything that
the last third of its brain candy well
brain candy there's some good stuff in
that movie but man it just runs out of
jokes at the end yeah yeah yeah oh man
all right come on the Himalaya is what I
got imagine is one after this oh really
probably yeah first probably you can get
them all on them you got to go to the
boss days I don't I've heard a couple
WTF with Marc Maron I you know I used to
listen to a lot more podcasts but I
can't when I'm editing audio because you
have to listen to the audio whatever I'm
not editing with audio I listen to a
podcast and I don't get around a WTF
anymore so some a huge nerd all hold on
sometimes listen to Neil deGrasse Tyson
start talk radio yeah that's a good one
I really like
you see GP Grey's and Bradys hello
internet podcast that's really fun
the freakonomics podcast is always
entertaining if you're into guys you're
both booked oh really guys who read the
book yep they have a really great
podcast and Daft souls it's a video
gaming podcast with Matt leans what okay
that I really enjoy they it's just bunch
of dudes and sometimes you can gals
talking about it looks like it looking
like thumper is there a thumper
attacking you I like rap America
oh they're asking you to go to the moon
again but yes I understand it's the
whole thing it's a whole thing
okay ah like we go online and find
remixes on that theme song I think it's
mostly the song it wasn't that great yes
we shovel coal shovel coal in silence
that's another great given off yet
another weird absurdist skit like it
wasn't the thing who was it who was a
like who's the one in sausages there was
who played the old manner no you played
the son I first McCulloch proofs
McCullen he talks in interview is that
he was never a comedian but he just like
farted around with the guys and so like
all of his sketches you can tell her his
because he's not a comedian I just think
so the weirdest shit the bass player
sketch
that means look is enough we ask that
talking break this out because it's
badly talked about nothing matters
nothing matters just DuckTales don't
write yeah
hey moist muffin I'm glad you like that
sauce do I really like that manliness
he's a Greek what what have you do
talking about the finer points of don't
tell strategy oh my god okay okay oh my
god what is heaven oh my moving has
messed me up completely
Connor bumper Oh oh my god hockey ducks
hockey ducks
hey Mikey ducks hate us ice levels in
any game yeah how's it slippery it's not
I just hate oh it's not slipping this is
not slippery now oh I just don't like
the look of it in general favorite
Simpsons episodes oh man he's too many
of them my reel oh yeah monorail is
great yeah probably monorail this is
Simpsons it had a really good run for a
while and there are scenes of the reason
once you're not terrible strangers Ruth
candy is great god I just saw that I'm
for a little bit straightening up and
who's great like there was that time
kind of central strangers with candy was
on and upright citizens brigade and some
other weird shit and have some great
time oh this parts slippery okay ice
levels are the best fuck you I hate ice
levels every single game that has a nice
level I say have they avoided the fire
level at least cuz that's always the
cliche the ice level in the fire level
oh sure did they hit didn't they have a
fair level already in this game man like
no I don't multiple Mega Man games I
think I've done that oh my god
yes I have seen shut up and sit down and
oh you know what I an episode of shut up
and sit down was on k2 and we recently
played k2 and a board game night
I really enjoyed it is a board game show
so yeah shut up if you like board games
you can go see episodes and shut up and
sit down it's a show about board games
Oh planet up beeps the musical Annie
Troy McClure episode right oh fuck these
are back I just knocked them down no you
know I'm fuck you Jay that's why things
spoiling it dr. Zaius dr. Zaius that'll
make me happy paint your wagon what that
cave doc I hated that character oh my
god is he a real character yeah how can
you get up there and jump on it and I
think I'm supposed to oh you're supposed
to like free him there we go there you
go Bubba duck oh no I don't remember
skip cutscene who's still drinking
everybody
alcohol poisoning that was crusty bread
we already talked about cards against
humanity' some people like it Jack
there's nothing as I think
[Music]
yeah k2 is great I really like it - okay
- that was fun I do wish I wish that
cait's who had a better end game like k2
just ends is it k2 is a game about
climbing Mount Everest or mountain a k2
mountain it's about climbing a mountain
and you just have to keep you guys alive
and try to get to the highest point of
the mountain ah but then when the game's
over it just it just ends no matter
where your guys are on the mountain and
so I wish it had a better end game but I
really like to get to you can't for jump
in the snow jet now oh let's just fall
into this now they don't know love
that's ridiculous
oh can we talk about mystery show for a
second you could talk about mr. show I
even know your feelings on mr. show
here's my feelings on mr. show I think
mr. show is funny but I have never
laughed at an episode of mr. show I've
never seen it up some good anything I
said do you never seen him so much it's
like it's always like really clever and
funny but whenever I watch it and just
go oh yes that is clever and funny I
never laugh i-i've never laughed at an
episode of mr. show I miss something
what did I miss
what's the right ah miss dawn your bed
why did I miss something we can agree on
that much I hate the snow
I hate ice levels they're the worst oh
yeah you did miss a drinking game every
time Jay skips a cutscene you're
supposed to take but don't do it cuz
he'll die where am I supposed to go here
that's right and I'm little what's it a
path to the right we're swimming
something's in there oh no my guess you
had to I feel that one thing I'm that
one force unreasoning there you go
okay I hate you you're dead to me look
I'm sure you're talking about me maybe
you know because of mr. she'll probably
Wow I've never it's funny it's really
clever and it's really well-written but
I've never laughed every single joke I
just kind of not approvingly at a joke
yes this is a very clever fit and it was
really well crafted Oh
sorry Jay the Himalayas are your
Himalayas are your Achilles heel Jack is
it possible that you did not laugh
because you can't feel joy in your heart
yes that's very good that's her
[Laughter]
[Music]
Ridge to remove Jack he's holding the
show back absolutely
I'll remove the skeleton while she's
dead
[Music]
oh my god sex look excellent
I'm gonna beat ducktales yeah he's gonna
beat the game maybe what did that go
through you do they're gonna kill you oh
my god no I killed it yeah fuck yeah get
that going
get that goat that's right smoggy he
bought ex-con after last two extreme and
he's 21 hours in already you play more
eggs come this is fun damn damn Jimmy
right up to Jamie why am I asking too
much I don't know let's get dick he
missed one yet Jake did I let a whole
cutscene go through yeah no yes get that
cutscene I don't have time for this Oh
although I shouldn't watch Lex like no
idea what's going on right now it's a
boss fight I think you have to hit those
back at or something yeah they go they
go back Adam doesn't it make sense I
guess but next to it
I didn't mean to Jake so sucking a
little X to the bomb area ah
who's that oh who's that guy that's
grumbled glom gold Nick Angus Angus
something hard gronckle something hard
okay that screws my books some never so
scam you know the Scottish going yeah
give it killed yeah and the bulk of old
Scottish guys smoke screw usually of
course we but I thought like Sean
Connery yeah
they're great TV show I was amazing it
was you're you're right I should play
more team fortress 2 and now it's
virtually forgotten the TV show no they
just made the game again everyone
remembers ah why don't you hit it
because I messed up you should roll
maybe there might be one more stage
after this there might be a little more
stage let's see what are there's more
than one what has a whole other screens
yeah okay this one yet that's it's only
gonna deal with more ghosts a them fun
people over chatter have fun fuck you
Mike we're home dr. Mario we could do oh
my god these goats are going insane the
auto-pay play competitive dr. Mario okay
we get it we gotta we gotta get an NES
next week we're going on the NES with
some dr. Mary Mario my fun for people to
watch dr. Mario oh people like what they
like
oh the sucks I can't Oh Mike they can't
pounce either I'm not even sure what I'm
supposed to do here my guess is he'll
knock something down
oh yeah there we go Oh or will this kill
me oh yeah I mean okay don't die I still
like the animation as you should this is
great yeah it looks really nice
like they're just tomorrow's groups
workbook is kill they figured about
j-just keep doing that okay I don't know
how to get past in one I'm trying they
keep that worked
did I get ya Derek kick those ice cubes
over yes sir the last one at the rock
you did it there you go
there you go January bullshit total
fucking bullshit
wait work alright I'm waiting I'm not
listening to anybody anymore oh no I
should have rolled that so they kept
telling us don't try to tell me these
and tricks so they're telling us during
this if it's closer to the middle that's
gonna hit the one in the end if it's all
the way over on the wall it's gonna hit
the middle line there is a pattern
that's when we can hit the far one head
hit I don't like doc tails anymore
you don't like that field anymore sorry
okay that's good
[Music]
all right Jenna every day were out there
making duck tales then we're gonna like
it hey how many times do I got to do
this now 8:40
[Laughter]
I think another more typical oh I get it
they can hear you say to fix it there oh
no what are you gonna post it to on the
Twitter's okay Mike it might get posting
special behind-the-scenes livestream
pictures say the patriotic intense
patreon that complex rather this is good
intense alright well now I know what's
going on so this might be a little bit
easier now yeah you got this
[Laughter]
you got this I am gonna stream what I'm
just trying to see like if we if we
screamed yet in the stream
okay good good dodge duck good I'm
getting it
stay behind them yeah he's only yeah now
he's gonna go that way I got it he's
only he's only hit him eight times so
far so we have another thirty three to
go well he died once so we start over so
where we got another thirty five six to
go
other side oh fuck that's right this is
exactly like the end of Coneheads where
he has to golf-ball the monster someone
pointed out that we've mentioned
Coneheads in every half in the bag
commentary track we've done ever
I
how many half of the bank commentaries
have we done three times every cop alien
vs. predator and Ghostbusters two tangos
buzzers two maybe two of the three we
talked about Coneheads but it's come up
multiple times for some reason Oh dan
Aykroyd
we're ghostbusters - yeah probably
sure I don't remember the circumstances
but no oh you get the thing about that
yeah whose idea was to watch all three
Transformers movie yeah I'm answering
your stream we're talking about not
wanting anything to do with transformers
4 yeah and only wanting to do it if we
can come up with something clever and I
think I came up with why don't we just
watch all three at once say that's the
equivalent of watching Trent's worse
more on that that eventually morphed
into these standalone transformers oh
yeah I got a rescue the lens oh the
stream here idea yeah well no no I got a
rescue that the boys nah that's okay
that's okay I'm sure this would be cake
oh no here we go oh oh I didn't even see
that up there
j-jack what do you think about game
designers who say that streaming their
games is stealing from them what I think
they're wrong that's insane
there are some game designers who
request that you don't steal their game
or a stream they're gonna I hate these
bets maybe if it's somehow something
like The Walking Dead were you only
playing it because it's like a visual
novel oh my god you could make us wings
okay yeah I can see that yep oh I'm sure
you get that poco
oh you can't over okay now is just whom
you can understand to Pogo every time I
can but I'm not scared to Pogo I hate
these fucking bats hey the photo of the
fire level here it is Thanks right after
the ice one right after they donuts come
[Music]
on man you know you're gonna come at me
mmm that's I do
I hate these baths Hey
oh do you guys have a commentary track
for your digital version of gorillas
interrupted no I don't think so I think
that's just on the DVD okay I can't even
remember David exists there's a lot of
goodies on a DVD I think in our view as
far as really interrupted ghosts the you
should buy it for the documentary it's
been well that comes with the commentary
or with the digital Oh what does yeah
yeah I think I think yeah I think it's
just the - yeah someone is asking if you
could make a Bible version of the
commentary track for those who had
bought the digital but I think that's
like a DVD perk that's yeah that's it
yeah
buy twice but let me the DECA oh well
that guy was like what I was saying
earlier about um DVDs and blu-rays that
I only get now because I feel like some
sort of collector's item mm-hmm no you
wanna make the release feel special
ya know like the good folks at scream
factory are not paid me to advertise
themselves really loves me not very I
have many many of their purchases
here yeah this is cool oh my god damn
play not tonight some other time shank
nephew couldn't that be a good light fun
fun do you know the same people that and
well they've made an animated dub mark
of a ninja oh and they just they just
did like AAB like a beat em up Robert
Rodriguez style only kind of action game
oh nice
that does sound like a lot of fun no
this one's a straight line it's not like
a complicated maze just don't gonna die
yeah oh my god what are we getting
killing me dying oh well might come on
hey Matt be thank you for buying all the
DVDs and I'm gonna do enjoy my signature
which is my real signature I am Jack
that's what I sign everything that
including checks and and court documents
Mike my court is not too happy with me
why not you know what we should make
some good t-shirts
that's butts let's get on that guy's
singing some nice t-shirt some nice
t-shirts with nice things on it it's in
the process
oh my god oh you're gonna you heard it
here folks it heard it here it's a
stream exclusive make sure you mix cool
thank God
working on some t-shirt I like this
anymore it's the last level Jake I know
it's not even that hard I'm just
screwing up yeah stop bitching oh no
it's perfect
for anyone listening to the stream that
follows our patreon and check out this
exclusive photo that was just posted
right side up here I didn't take it up
soon as I buy it
the intros it opens up right in
Photoshop that's weird
that's weird ah these boulders just kill
you just jump right up on the chest
right away don't don't I bounced off the
boulder first just go straight just all
right I don't try it oh did you remember
to not die no yeah yeah yeah we get it
we get this
I still think it's funny oh you are this
is getting frustrating now that's just
so rich - he wants to he's the same okay
well let's do this
I just received the different name okay
can try again yeah okay
[Laughter]
okay compare me now you can share eases
the patreon and you'll see the picture
right side up
no you folks up flip your monitor back
the right way picture the right way cuz
if you flipped your mom drive side down
to see the picture right side up now
you're gonna be disappointed
it's complicated these technology guys
don't worry
did you guys ever go to homestar runner
oh yeah back in the day that Glenn was a
Homestar Runner is the flash website
with the cartoon was the same strong
Kong bad few times I liked teen girl
squads hey girls gone hi Rona I love
teen girls squad buddies like I haven't
seen it in forever
abso-fucking-lutely did you lose all
your minors that just restart every
level I think I don't know I know you
said more interesting they're gonna take
my hit I think when you die behind too
many times okay okay
[Music]
Oh people I see it alright well Jaden
Jane needs to wear his headphones so he
can hear the game but we can't have the
game play or else he'll hear the lags
video game audio with the real video
game audio so that's why we have to rich
and I can't really hear the game yeah
that's what we have to do when we play
and stream it's a little bit of a hassle
but that's my day wearing the headphones
and the picture and my car yeah nice
listening to pop music is less than the
Janet Jackson Christ Jay what are you
gonna be done it's fine game I would
love to be done by yourself more no no
I've reached that point where it's like
I just want to be it yeah yeah and it's
no longer fun but it's also not not fun
interesting interesting
well yes yeah you're are you ready
you're ready to be done
yeah my my monitor is I have my monitor
flip sideways so we shouldn't pull code
no you should have rolled least I start
right here again that's nice ghost fuck
off ghost is afraid of a ghost I ain't
afraid of no boo bah
how much longer is this level have gonna
check your map I can't this is too
intense okay guys hold your gun you guys
I'm so sorry everybody there's a real
question I'm gonna sue me this isn't oh
my god you are so close we need to
discuss Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation
we are what nation no no it's
a popular song from the early nineties
oh my lord
I'm losing it Elizabeth we're gonna be
had this for a while
yeah that's true really you know thought
you said you can beat this game if you
can do it day I beat it as a child and
so I miss damn it you need to mr. bean
if I competed as a child I can beat it
as an adult right well your reflexes get
worse with age you can do it Jane you
can do it
there we go oh nice nice I'm six-two I
guess in the picture maybe I look taller
I don't know I'm six-two I'm a tall dude
all right here we go oh my god here we
go oh my god we're gonna make you fight
[Music]
should i watch the whole cutscene
awesome to see it
you have decided to deliver died yeah
this is what I read it's so weird it's
great that's not a DuckTales character
see if I got a Pogo off the bat and
enjoyed that I'm the director that's
what my guess would be mister get that
bat get that bat damn it
you got to get closer I think our art
doorbell fell off incidentally oh then
get him did I did you get my nice top
denim no oh oh my God he's attacking me
with his giant records oh it's hilarious
oh my oh my god I'm stuck under his
giant you to stay stay between them and
like duck honey can you duck if I am
your duck duck there we go yeah that's a
good joke yeah it's not that good I mean
it's yeah I don't know if you can call
something that obvious
good it doesn't give you any indication
of their health their health
yeah I wish it did yeah that would be
nice whoa I don't I think I just have to
avoid getting killed
oh and it goes so that stuff
close enough not close after you can do
it you can do it you can do it now I'm
wondering if I beat this as a child
because I don't remember fighting
Dracula I I remember this very vividly
oh my lord what a son weird what all
what I always or what is there's a gap
for bets oh I see oh my god that's
insane this is kind of a and I'm done oh
oh you're a dyke oh nice I mean you're
gonna bet I am but not that time how
many times just do this shit that's
what's annoying about this game
[Laughter]
Thanks no you can do it really because
I'm done I'm done with the music I'm
Tommy
okay third we're almost on yeah I see it
and I go turns and I still get it you
can do it Jake James is concentrating
all right don't worry about anything
anything that's happened way up to see
you through ducktales or we're stuck
here all night all night all right one
of us is gonna belong all yeah I'll be
DuckTales
let's damn it hmm but you gotta get
those bad I do have to have the bats I
understand I don't I don't think you do
cuz you're not doing it no use win the
game
I guess laughing at the chin there's
none of that funny better oh no damn
don't jump
what am I supposed to do dr. Boyd is -
yeah that's it that's it no I see you
want doc honey yeah okay go I'm getting
the devil as my hairdo why are these
shadows my head oh my god you guys I
don't wanna I don't want to get your
jams up but Mike is not reading the chat
[Music]
so in about ten seconds people are gonna
hear me say that
geez I don't like 2017
[Music]
who likes my beatbox and they do I mean
it's a talent that but not many have oh
no I'm not gonna make it on it yeah good
job
this is getting intense you can do it ah
listen wasn't the snow monster the final
guy no no direct Allah oh there's a
drill monster oh I like him that he has
money is that what his quest is just to
get more money yes rubber duck oh that's
cool
oh my god oh my word I will look forward
to playing dr. Mario what is based Mike
meaning we don't know we keep asking
them what based means and I don't tell
us hey you gb mm 13 much based my clean
[Laughter]
it's like we're poor champagne and I
guess
oh damn it
I no longer like ducktales which is crib
you can't beat the end bus but he's the
end bus is a super boss based means good
or great
yeah house you're just right good I
don't that's so weird
Oh where's the thing oh my god am I
gonna make it no where's the thing why
are you failing Jaden because because
family
it's my lot in life those are some well
choreographed bets huh huh magic pants
they're following duck Dracula's dark
power
if only they had some more bats they
give the children scrooge mcduck for
sure yeah really easily
[Applause]
rich picked up on that
Cameron no okay based is erupting will
be oh no
Jacob good know as my favorite sucks at
this - who sucks at this to you
apparently yeah it's true yeah oh yeah
you just got to you just got to know by
her now what is the most violent Disney
movie
that's a good question is that a good
question no no use your planets Aladdin
Zion is it man is it BAM because they
hunters murder the mother now yeah
that's possibility you can't pick some
stuff there go with the drill
traditional animated Disney come on down
Beauty and the Beast
I never seen man there's so many things
I think I did thank you they kill some
shit where they kill the baby enemies no
don't think of the Beast
no well he come yeah spoiler alert he
comes back but Jade did not finish
watching Breaking Bad he can't get past
the first five episodes no I wanna keep
watch another seven have the chance to
Jack can't get past the first four yeah
Jack Jack does not know I want to keep
watching it is heaven intensive Jay
wants to watch me I'm too busy dying at
duck this is what I'm doing with Mike
after you are fighting a Dracula that's
true yeah that's true Oh mommy break
more fats why is it always fucking at
least at least this regular doesn't have
dynamite like the monster squad right
you barely made that fucking lucky hit
Lucky's fuck
I'm looking at the screen from a weird
angle I keep thinking and you're not
gonna make it your new off-center how
fat are you doing good keep doing what
you're doing
I got it yeah where are you yeah I'm
doing good now kind of getting the hang
of it I said do that oh fuck oh my god
[Music]
no take the controller away from day no
give me a break
he's doing great you only going 20 times
I'd prefer breaking dead-ended season
for my my deal of Breaking Bad for
anyone who has not seen the pilot of
Breaking Bad is that Walter White comes
to his decision to cook Matt explain
those you got to get past that I don't
got no past that there was so much other
things I I know it's good I we we can't
discuss too many I meant details about a
four spoiler purpose I will but but so
he decides to sell meth very easily
because I yes I can us up the promise I
can't be with him as a character because
like there's no there's no meet there
for me so I will watch it eventually
this it's not yes so every season of
breaking that as a perfect 10 out of 10
is that every season every breaking
violent band is completely flawless
except except for the failed subplot
where Murray was a kleptomaniac was
anything made no sense it was very very
short and I was like what and I mean um
they they hey drunk I'm bad at this this
seems like it should be the easiest
we're trying to operate it me yes I know
I get it that he's dying of cancer but
like one day one in one scene it's like
an edit needs like I guess I should make
freakin bed is a hormone what do you say
about Harrison Ford breaking is like I'm
a Star Wars set that's shit
he's a grandpa what are the things that
happened to Grandpa braking hon no Mike
that's yeah did you guys like I know my
Jesse Pinkman impression when I came in
and I said what other bitches oh yeah I
guess you know we're talking right now
yeah here's the question though are they
writing it in are they what are they
rewriting the movie or there's a movie
basically on hold I think they're trying
to figure out what they want to do yeah
I don't know I'm assuming they're gonna
shoot around it did you know is there
more game did you beat up please tell me
I don't eat the game yeah it's pretty
clear - controllers vibrating jack is a
giant holy yeah that's true oh is that
cuz what I said no it's because because
I can't get past the first couple
episodes of Breaking Bad
I will actually you're welcome coming
back in some sense someone's right Jesse
they said Pinkman never uses bitch in
plural form oh yeah you're right I'm
sorry bitch did I win the game did you
win the game Oh is there more pickles
just cutscenes Jay you hate guts skip
the cutscenes oh there's more more no
you gotta escape oh I remember this I
remember this
fuck but you remember this do is there a
time woman you have to know it's not
that you have to you have to defeat the
know what is race yeah it's a race and
I'm already lost it better call Saul oh
my god I was good at this as a kid
sister was not quoting Robocop huh
bitches leave bitches leave baby I
couldn't even get up there yes I
remember okay yeah yeah no oh my god
hobo jump so much
don't listen Jane don't listen to right
today I have to yeah you got a boner
here the I mean not all the time I mean
you're doing what you don't have to I
think that's fucking up your aim oh my
god how do you do that okay say see you
think you know everything
[Applause]
well at least I'm getting closer yeah
yeah good and then this is the end end I
remember that okay so there's nothing
else after this Anna defeating ghupat
game if her true detective is very good
but I have yet to watch you guys see me
yeah I have nothing here detective I
have heard it's good
what regular jump hey you got you're not
gonna win this again fly episode what
flieth listen dammit Breaking Bad was a
fly up beside you're gonna come yes
Jessi is short for Jessica alright David
Cronenberg is a hack no you're on no
here's the thing
oh yeah no one's ever thought we just
spend my life looks good mmm let's I'm
gonna blame the new graphics I mean not
being as good as this as this as I was
here it can I do that ever you want free
country you can do this day you beat
Dracula I did be Dracula
you kicked Dracula's ass turned him to
stone you can be a fucking mini Lady
Dracula use the balls Jay oh really this
is where we're going Wow
I'm gonna blame that on you everybody
hates me check
that's right J needs to get some more
muscle memorization Jessica Kirchen BAM
terrence malick is a hack someone's the
same that to get under your skin J I
have no feelings on Terrence Malick
dammit the very character on the Deep
Space nine T is quark quark maybe my
favorite character an all-star for Oh
kanji you captains now I'm getting
frustrated keeps going and lots of
favorite smells smell yeah who is your
favorite is about what it's a smell
Richard Evans aiming high romantic as
long as it's not shit Mitch Evans
I like small of coffee because it no God
I'm about to drink coffee and yeah I
really like that hey hey rich since you
answered the small question what's your
least favorites simple manage it
Oh Garrick - just a second place wrong I
don't know it all love Star Trek even
over like the card give me on my god
damn helicopter girls that piss lavas
gonna catch it
it looks like urine oh my god you might
have done it
no dammit yeah you might have better
accept that not which oh shit - a big
monster you gotta fight it Uncas grew
into one apparently according to the
chant nothing except for dudes cuz I'm a
homework well I would have mentioned
that a beached whale smells pretty
terrible oh yeah oh yeah death probably
smells worse yeah smell the dead body
but listen please say it's the worst
smell I could have been well guys roll
times sake I'm gonna skip this alright
who's too late Oh seen in we got a fall
cutscene J well like them I'd say one
throughout the entire game that's pretty
good I'd say it's pretty bad like cut
seats yeah what is it
achievement unlocked whoa there's
another fucking level this game is there
this is the worst game ever
I think it's this done yes put her
what's her angle are you speaking
English no that character yeah somebody
says right is jack smugly oh now I get
the song JB DuckTales in one sitting
Hey I mean uneasy how would you break
ducktales channel um it's still fun I
was getting frustrated at the end there
but it is fun Chuck expand your dong sex
weirdo
that's them being rich yeah that's rich
but he's a he's a sex pervert
he's sex pervert yeah that was a classic
best of the worst weirdo we have ten in
the final movie was the slut
yes this blood only get all those movies
one of them was a veil I think I what
was it called
someone sent us a link to one a moment
unless it's hardly announced yeah
don't talk about Jessie's Girl that song
sucks everyone I've ever known male or
female named Jesse hates that song
you're a lesbian no I hate that song
because the lyrics are fucking dumb Rick
Springfield isn't I don't know he's a
let me let me try to think of the best
way to describe him he's a fucking idiot
try writing a better song dummy can't
you've got that one thank you that song
is terrible and I'm not a Jessie thank
you yeah that song is the worst all
right okay I'm choosing games done
'quick rabbits Oh kind of Murray not now
Julius it's 2:00 we have a proper car
tomorrow yeah we're gonna have a piss -
this is why we put that capitalized
maybe yeah today we did we did little
little platformers where you jump on
things are the thing you got full game
items yeah that's fine
oh we also thank you for reminding
everyone we need a couple more copies of
new key
I'm homophobic Oh cuz no rich mention
that was rich that's right if J was been
better at the game we could have played
Katamari but sir
you're welcome alright yeah you can
screech alright yeah my point that I'm
gonna get the zone
yeah a while I will play Katamari next
time I promise it's here it's right I'm
looking at it but I won't be playing it
right now I just leave the PlayStation 2
here
yeah no chance everyone all right I
support marriage equality dr. Mario no
not now
well good I will play dr. Mario and
beatbox next time oh the maximum
beatboxing whilst if you play doctor
yeah what we need how we can't wait to
play dr. Martin if you like one us and
ten being you're the greatest dr. Mario
is ever oh yeah I don't even remember I
think I was pretty good yeah I mean do
we need to bring in a doctor Mario ring
to face you to challenge me whoa whoa I
can't I can't boast about my dr. Mario
screws okay I may just be average I
can't win okay I have access to a doctor
Mario expert who is that oh she's great
can we play it on the classic Nintendo
people absolutely okay
cuz that well or I don't know that's
two-player I think we'd have played on
Super Nintendo
I might have the Wii version into play
yeah okay I used to play yeah we version
that's best with the with the Wiimote so
vicious when will you do a best of the
worst livestream never never because
that would be the most boringest thing
that you ever seen in your life oh my
god don't realize how much editing that
- all the good bits adds yes the editing
is half the battle of best of the worst
seven to eight hours Inuit footage yeah
for nearly six to eight hours it's us
just being miserable no there it is long
stretches where we don't say or do
anything you guys would have hated trust
us why am I watching this shit yeah
and then you do something else and then
the episode would come out and you
probably have bad things associated with
it in your brain who would even watch
the regular episode and it just suck all
around oh you want to leave well yeah
okay okay Mike wants to leave we're
leaving I think yeah I think that this
is all done we're all done there's a lot
of credits to this this the shitty game
I didn't play it if we stream the films
while we're talking over it that it
would seem more like another show that
was popular a while back so that seems
pointless our show is different than
that actually is acing the credits it's
true the one thing he did write is
nailing it they love it okay well hey
everybody thanks for coming out we
appreciate you watching the stream
we're gonna go now unless you have any
last questions asked
yeah that's good now get it quickly and
you bet better I'll ask them at the same
time so we can read all of them
type faster you guys got that faster oh
my god I go type faster beast hey I
don't get every based base is good it's
a good really great this is the same
people that told us to love log
resistance that's true they don't wait
we have to stay now because this person
just got here maybe you should have been
here 12 hours ago yeah no shit we
started fucking sick starting at 6:30
guys and we do this all seven hours the
credits are still going on this game
yeah Lord and what are the movie credits
that's common these days
engage you yeah based rich Evans that's
right who has phone what fire it's based
[Laughter]
[Music]
we need for 20th on the screen we'll
start logging out Evan I have
okay go ahead I'm gonna jump the vault
we this is gonna be a spirit day of this
treasure oh yeah oh yeah it's really
goes nice but then you know what you can
find a little changing oh here we go all
the way up to the top and jump down okay
yeah time to have fun
whee yay I mean seriously so many broken
bones yeah it's very satisfying though
they feel a little Rumble as you go
through the coins and no control I'm
sure on YouTube that's been animated
yeah yeah we're gonna do it one more
time and then we're gonna go okay great
now we're gonna real okay done Lester
wait I gotta go wait my god oh my god
I'm sorry kill this dream so I can go to
sleep now I'm sorry that's what somebody
said you guys wait
