Episode 002
FTL (Rich, Jack, Jay)
July 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og0M0CjCA7g
___________________________________________

okay you can move yours now or else
we're gonna get weird like hey everybody
sorry we had to stop the stream but we
were having some resolution issues
apparently we're still having some
resolution issues I'm gonna fix this you
don't even know how I'm gonna fix this
what's the resolution problem numb I
don't even know so Kate me yeah let me
tell you there's a movie called
resolution that came out a couple years
ago really great now yes
great so I gotta say about that no it's
a great there's a great story it's very
good I really appreciate your story oh
you know what I'm gonna go ahead and say
it's one of the best movies one of my
favorite movies I've seen in the last
five years
whoa just put it out there it's called
resolution I don't think anybody's seen
it I think it's not enough flicks though
okay I think so take that we're just I'm
just looking at the stream right now to
make sure I fixed my jingle Jang they're
open they're I'm stretching it out
stretching it out get bear oh there's a
thing on the edge there we go I got it I
fixed it
all right Freddy one see Moses did you
see me fix it live on camera you can't
you can't even handle the fanciness
let's say let's play off - yeah what's
your idea why you play off - yeah does
everybody know everything about FTL
they're other ignorant people to this
game we need to explain what this is
let's do a look you know what for Jay
Jay doesn't know you have this what does
nothing else stand for I know that you
faster than white okay you are a little
spaceship and you have a crew and you
kind of manage your spaceship you got
like an engine room you've got a weapons
room piloting room I guess that would be
cockpit would be the proper name for
that piloting room and then had your
crew and you assign them to positions
and you explore space and you're running
from a giant rebel fleet out to kill you
okay and it's wonderful sounds grand
it's the most wonderful thing in the
world
so for oh my god we're cleaning up or
jams guys you saw my jams you can helm
this one jack cuz I'm used to my mouth
look like I got a the pause button
program do my mouth
oh sure sure and you've got like
trackpad some shit I dunno
you can you can handle Manning the I'm
gonna man the controls yeah oh yeah I
get to listen to the sweet tunes you
need the jams these jams guys are so
doing so the first thing we should do
figure out we can't the Federation
Cruiser
huh I have all these ships I'm a fan of
Federation cruise I don't know if
actually if I don't know if I have the
Federation Cruiser that's it this is it
no this is a Dios aspirin
doll spray sure okay we could be the all
right we want the advanced edition
content enabled because rich has not
played that I've seen any of it yet
I have the game I just haven't gotten
around and waiting since the update I
were gonna do I do a normal normal okay
we're gonna try to do it normal so what
we have to do first is name our crew
should we name it after us or should we
name it after the people who's got a
star after their name Jim who's got a
pizza roll by their name Oh Justin
Mormon so we got Justin anyone else got
a pizza roll by their name and paper
beats are all by your name post
something
we had a little bit of a lag between us
and you hearing us might take a moment
but Justin is gonna be our it means I'm
only talking about resolution some more
no instruction is I don't want to call
it a horror film but it involves lots of
horror movie tropes and it's great it's
a great little low-budget movie only
pizza rooms are is ni come they're so
good has to be Peter also I can't read
this one cuz their name is like violent
green sure John kill oh I think is what
says John Kim oh hey ILO kil Oh John
kill Oh John Keane a panel L lowercase L
R Evo isn't our Evo okay little Rev oh
and we need one more one more
do they have another piece if we don't
have another pizza Oh we'll just pick
someone whose name you like Edie asked
her okay and Edie and with special guest
star what do we owe ya the ship easy
things you know in honor of Ed Asner yes
rename it Airwolf I don't know I never
saw her well
Airwolf first Borgnine that's ernest oh
yeah - he's funny here's the board this
is the board star of Christmas vacation
- alright alright I think I only have
one loud yeah we're the queue and the
visa into the update or just something I
ignore or don't notice
Oh Oh these are like yeah Chris that you
can complete to unlock new stuff like
this is a victory if I win with the
cruiser I get it I got a little I like
that star next to the V let me have
maybe a head that I never noticed that
could be you know what that could be
okay the Borgnine ready to go with
special guest star and Asner the data
you carry is vital term to the remaining
Federation fleet you'll need supplies
for the journey so make sure to explore
each sector before moving to the next
but get to the exit before the pursuing
rebel fleet can catch up tip drove and
drove if you're struggling against
enemies rooms target the drum system to
temporarily disable them continue okay
who's okay so man man get everybody man
into their station I usually do the rock
guy in the engine room that way if you
got a fire in the engine
oh that's good he'll be okay okay then
within mantis is gonna be on weapon I
usually do mantis weapons and I keep the
what do they call those guys the venting
about one's 10 G's I keep them and like
shield yeah it's not that essential and
if you need help elsewhere you can
shield is almost around but the recharge
bonus doesn't seem like it does all that
much oh sure okay
all right I can I can I can feel your
flames that's like shield aren't
essential I'm saying having a man bless
so okay all right
pause the game that's how you pause the
game that's our blasters alright let's
do this get out Justin you our pilot
John kilo you are on our weapons little
Revo you be on engines EO and edy as
they're on shoot I hate this a story
okay we can we can get back to it we can
get back to it
all right oh fuck a Sun that's all right
we can do this we can do this
okay what do we want oh this is a new
thing so they're hacking us
unfortunately that sounds bad it is what
does that do it means see how they hack
us and it means into lays repairs and it
locks all the doors here so no one can
get in Oh
luckily nasty luckily we are faithful
seal what do you wanna do shields how is
your weapons I always do weapons boom
let's do this
you got nothing you got nothing oh we
get it once that's something well it's
okay cuz that thing won't get through
our shields so yeah but the solar flare
will fuck you send that energy to the
repair this shoot this the the thing the
thing I got it oh my god there's a fire
somewhere now is it fire in there want
you sin probably there that's really
helpful
yeah can't see me pointing we got it I'm
so fucking on it no this is such a
terrible start
yeah we are not Oh God that's okay there
we go they they're down their weapons so
they're fine oh no I got oxygen going
out of there you got to pause the game
for anyone who doesn't know you can
pause the game at any time and still in
like do your gyms new Jam's also flames
and flames okay rock guys fix the angle
what is it Dingle Dingle banks you can
Dingle your dang if you want to but I
would not recommend that dangerous if
you don't do it properly that the hacks
annoying missile started the hack
targeting the hack boom we got a solar
flare incoming nothing much we can super
do about it and the fire in the oxygen
room just where you want it that's
that's what rock men are for that's what
rahman irr for rahman cannot be burnt
all right so Rahman are actually men
made of rock
yes their alien theory of everything
everyone is an alien okay
oh well there are some humans actually
here rich take over for a second yeah
okay well so um oh I just I just forgot
it's important to update what game we're
playing so that if anyone is looking at
us
what do you have pause at is this face
button space but I got more spacebar
awesome everyone everyone
am I not love you
Oh Gino Chang's you arrived to find a
ship floating amongst some debris hello
our impulse drives are shot we can't
jump could you give us some fuel give
them fuel or apologize wish them luck
and continue on I say be kind give them
this plane
wake up 14 we're still good we're still
good kindness might pay off later I
don't know if it actually does thank you
perhaps this payment our engineer can
try to optimize your ship's reactor
output nice oh this is new I've never
gotten one you know obviously this is
the new update but that's that's neat
it's just sweet so pretty sweet all
right before we go on Jack well I was
hoping to like kind of arch around and
get back to the store but let's see
where are we where are we love why to
the store so and I wasn't right party
only option part of the new thing is you
can see oh I'm seeing Oh even when
you're not near it even when you're not
near it's nice we can really map it out
that is nice so we could probably one
two flam and then here yeah yeah stripe
okay oh I helped with the plans I have
the files and the plans the nearby
planet shows sign shows and I can't talk
I'm on a web show I can't do web shows
and you can't talk the nearby planet
shows signs of habitation and great
beauty a rudimentary automated planetary
defense system is looping its message
into space warring quarantine level five
in effect under FHA Act 22 article 11
point 2 warning quarantine level 5
continue do no oh oh that's all of those
there's no event there I read that for
nothing
oh all right
Jack I don't think there's any point
going to the store you don't think now
okay we're gonna have jack shit in terms
of scrap once we get there okay well
then just keep going
his hired ship was laying in wait inside
the asteroid field
it immediately moves in to attack all
right what do we want to target here you
know normally I always go for shield but
this is an asteroid I mean I always go
for weapons but asteroid belt good time
to take out shields absolutely Oh get
over there mantis get over there
manses
the enemy ship appears to be powering up
as fast as the light it's trying to
escape and to wait but I'm they're dead
anyway our big hero or something or
something there we go
good good you know that's the one line
that was 80-yard in that movie by bruce
campbell oh really
it's actually Bruce Campbell's voice
yeah I did not know that
I'm gonna go down around I know I think
about Darkman I'm proud of it but it's
the way it is you're not proud of it
right now I guess I'm not ashamed of it
but it's certainly not something I would
brag about Darkman you receive a
transmission sorry sir this is nothing
personal but we're under orders the
rebel ships weapons go hot go hot it's a
stream everything you people expected it
would be answering questions Jack had to
fix something
of course okay let me check she did wait
huh just new for us it's just oh yeah
cuz you're logged out for a little bit
is what is why we were having issues
like that four of seven now we're all
good everything's happy Hey oh yeah gray
rich you're doing great yeah yeah keep
on it nice keep their weapons out oh
there's a shield timer nope no way that
timer a timer on the shields once you
take him down does a little blue bar
that wasn't there in the last version of
the game
all right watch watch watch up here with
the shoes I'm see little thing that was
always there no wasn't you don't think
no I know it wasn't no okay well the
manga scrap oh we got things all right
Jackie you're back in charge are back in
charge
Oh prepare to die here's your stupid
headphones it's the only way it works
here's your stupid headphones I've
guided us through expertly yep so now
it's time to die ex in charge time to
die
someone says but Isaac would be a better
game to stream I think we are going to
stream that later right I would like to
I would like to stream Binding of Isaac
but this is I I've watched streams of
this game I guess it all just depends on
what you're into yeah okay so what do
you think like here here and then get
into the nebula and then tap oh no
that's exactly Oh No okay now in English
movies on best of the word we gotta go
what maybe eventually we'll see so it's
like maybe my answer yeah yeah okay all
right non-english movies oh that would
be that could be really fun you spot a
small rebel ship nearby it seems to have
been refitted for transport rather than
combat does not seem to want to engage
you well fuck the rebels right yes oh
they're charging up their FTL I'm sure
oh oh oh you think you're gonna do that
fuck you people are asking about papers
please
oh yeah that's see I think that would be
a boring hand extreme vodka but uh all
right you taught me about that game CJ
now you what you did was you took both
the pilot yeah and the engineer yeah
which like probably have your chance to
actually your catch the dodge is now
zero that's true I think that was a poor
move um I accept that but they only have
one
pew laser and and a little balmy thing
mommy things though are gonna get right
through your shield yeah I just don't
want him to fuck up my shit yeah that's
it nothing that was lucky that was lucky
on my partner I know this helps you but
people are saying save the stations does
that mean anything you absolutely we
always do all right
okay get everybody back to their places
you get back there you get back there
Sheils talk about this nothing huh you
got a shield something that does nothing
it does because we had the are
automatically charging fire thing was
nothing I just mean we need to keep them
from fleeing yeah like that's red that's
so orange it's slow that's the works
yeah I'm working on it take out the
check out the cockpit all right if I
take this out now it's red see you now
are you sure and now their shields are
down so our big laser does action big
laser on this ship goes through shields
doesn't that's its power yeah it ignores
shields unless they change that okay
Chopra there's a special laser just for
the ship that onyx that pierces also oh
I did not know yeah
oh well then there you go well then you
know what then there you go
let's heal our target amis fine weapon
for the last boss that is a fine weapon
do you guys like the game Symphony
Symphony of the Night
Castlevania yeah
you would not say it's in your top ten
no okay
did we that's what they say favorite
crew spots there you go tell what that
is that's new - is that new I save your
spot just new to me possibly and then
you can have people you know like Auto
paid up one button that's the other that
makes people go back to their same spots
okay okay so save your spots and go back
to the spot yeah
nice just began as in place to close to
super Dino good
I'm not the flavor solar flares oh I
hate the solar flares as you should we
got this Oh missiles missiles fuckin up
my shots well I didn't to the you know
you know who missed them John kylo you
always fucks everything off that guy
what were you thinking John we're gonna
blame this on you even though you have
your name fire fire
uh I got this yeah doors open the doors
put out fire okay now they're out of
shit oh no they got one Becca that's
okay it's time to charges you'll take it
down again
fuck it fuck that ah yeah yeah fuck that
that's not a good offer at all let them
burn yes that is the correct sentiment
and fuck you okay great close all doors
get out of here before the next solar
flare so here they're wrong I could
probably I might be like this Mike but I
can and I'm out for her in here we got
this
you detect an automated rebel Scout
attacking a small refueling outpost of
course always everything you can do to
get scrap which is in a way one of the
flaws of this game you've mentioned that
before that this game you need scrap and
you need to build up your ship so much
it never makes any sense to take a safer
stealthy approach unless unless you're
next to the deck
yeah it would be a really interesting
element to add to this game would be
like you were saying a like a peaceful
route if they added some sort of like
kind of diplomacy and you know you avoid
conflict for this one area so you make
them as your ally and then maybe they
help you out of the active something
something like that agreed that would be
super interesting
yeah who tells you after the Scout was
destroyed thanks to the help basement
her ass non-stop by those Scouts take
this I'm the house well thanks mister
it's the planning of the 1940s news men
hey mister you were a big help
oh and a store yeah then hit their yeah
we can understand things like that
Mister simple things okay
sailor when he goes simple thing
guys like Dwarf Fortress have played I
haven't played it it's the hardest shit
these are all new things to me one of
those things do what things
emergency respirators fire suppression
and I mean career takes half damage from
low oxygen Matt yeah fire suppressant
automatically puts on a fire but we have
a rock me distraction Bowie leaves a
false signal delaying the rebel ships by
one jump not worth fifty five flown man
alone Bay is very interesting it
replaces your your med bay so if anyone
dies you just grow a new one you take a
skill penalty automatically clones dead
crews with skill penalty taking
advantage of micro cloning crew peel
heals partially every jump and so if we
buy that in conjunction with a
teleporter which we can't afford right
now all right you know what my personal
thought is cuz there's nothing too
interesting here okay I say we fixed the
worship okay and then just upgrade the
systems okay you want to on do a fix
I'll just get us back in the green guess
into the green
there you go a couple more come on don't
look three more okay
you feel good about that I feel okay
about that we don't have anything to
sell do it no okay all right
close that and go to ship let's upgrade
this fuck you can upgrade various
components of your ship and this here's
the upgrade screen you're gonna upgrade
your shields you can upgrade your
engines
you get upgrade your medicine medical
Bay oxygen room your weapons and the
special weapon for your ship yeah I like
to go with engines first really yeah I
put two on engines doing it and make
sure I get two bits to power that's
usually what I do
two bits cuz with the better engine yeah
you you dodge more often sure sure
I am down with that so now we have to
put our bits yeah in our engine
shields are nice but they don't protect
you from missiles answer is true that
mr. I love a good engine and I love a
skill upgraded pilot an engineer all
right we are playing okay the only other
ship and this beacon messages you
finally after months of waiting someone
has thought I need to watch crap yeah
fat lot of good it's gonna do yeah all
right blow your ass on a space Hey hey
dick how do you feel about burst laser
hey you remember when you had weapons
systems do you remember that and well
they still won well yeah we took down
the important one yeah this game looks
boring oh it's so is oh no lets me so
much oh it's I'm just looking at it
visually I don't know about the gameplay
cuz I paid that much attention but it's
it's a game oh fuck you offer Serena oh
fuck them we will not accept surrender
as we get for setting up such a dumb
trap right gasps shit you are falling
into a trap oh wait don't blow us up
mister yeah fuck you pirate you pirate
fuck oh yeah we got some more scrap and
some fuel that's nice
so what is everybody thinking about FTL
this is boring or like Jenny said right
is this neat are we explaining it badly
well people start saying fuck off J when
I said that this is a game for people
who like for people who like science
fiction without all the explosions and
just want like a slow this is this is a
Star Trek game you guys made it
Jay respects it we made it to the exit
area one rimed now we're pretty safe
fuck off Jay yeah I don't have any money
to hire anyone so we can't hire anyone
that's too bad I like when we can get
more people all right yeah next sector
mantas controlled augmentis controlled
well the one takes us by a lot of graves
yeah well here's the question
in red areas do you get a greater scrap
reward because I think Green is more a
greater likelihood of finding a shop
okay well I'll go through go through
cuz I get a ride do read read in the
gangrene game then regret that sounds
like a fine plan but when I hate I hate
nebulous
yeah nebulas are tough boom Don right
guys go go in hot red Red Dead
Redemption
you've entered a poll each other told
you to put away the whiskey I will not I
like whiskey you know what I've been
into lately Jin Kwon Jin Jin like like
evil genies you know I don't think the
gym is an evil genie I just think a gin
is a genie funding of the wishmaster
movies I think that's the first time I
ever heard it called a gin before okay I
think the same thing they are
but in the wishmaster movies the gin is
evil and that's all I know
okay I think I don't know if I've seen
those movies you know let's come along
the top yeah that's what I'm do hate him
in a row the only thing this beacon
offers is a view of deep space and a
brief risk
sucking waste of fuel for so and time
this bad welcome refuge hey hey y'all
look at that planet is it the gym like
if you let's move the voice alone I'm
now afraid you recognize the outline of
a mantis ship against the blackness good
we fuck up mana ship so bring it out
damn rich babies babies are stupid can't
do anything for themselves it's very
true that is so dumb is there a design
for the ion cannon orders had a yellow
ball something else that's something
else I want to say that's a new that's a
different women yeah I wonder what that
does
Oh some cool shit I won't find out now
yeah
oh you know what that might be that
might be like the health bomb there's
something that can just take out people
okay what I mean get out of my jam
obviously got an ng on board Kenji oh my
god The Simpsons no it's just we
understand to hear you came out of
nowhere
no hey we are doing great so here here
distress distress well I'll go here
first I don't want oh you found a
peaceful location well peace and
tranquility rules the land and you get
no scrap well it's like do we want to
skim across the top or do we want to do
want to jet down by across the top hit
the de-stress and then we have time to
dip down okay what do people yeah I'm
jumping clothes I'm trying to get as
many as I can before that rebel fleet
Federation scum we've waited a long time
for this what a Skeletor on board that
shit yeah that's how I picture them
that's the joy of this game because
there are no voice actors you can make
it up take out this pilot he's been
dodging some of my jam series what's the
origin story of the the baby painting I
don't know I've tried to find out yeah
all right now it's obviously a painting
of me that was done when I was an infant
right but no one in my family remembers
where it came I think in the Sabine I
think it's a cursed object okay like
like Friday the 13th the series and if I
ever get rid of that painting I'm gonna
like make a million dollars I'm gonna
lose a hundred pounds
you think that's it but it basically
you
and in came in Europe we used to make
plinkett reviews oh my god totally right
these are thing I don't want him to
teleport back all right how many people
are saying get rid of the painting the
painting or what if the opposite happens
and we get rid of the painting and
things go really bad oh sure no I never
better just leave it right where it is
I think that's the action just coaxing

dice John keel oh you made it back no no
that's not my one no I hit there
teleporters I don't want him come on oh
they're not gonna come back at the
shield out of the way he's gonna come
back my Jam's has a fucking way who
cares if he comes back you've got you've
got a man a setup in a rock band you can
take care of any fucker that comes on
board who is in charge of this ship
it is me Justin oh you pick up chatter
more chatter from the enemy ship you
know what forget this prepare to retreat
looks like their parent preparing to
make a hasty retreat Wow so that is
Cobra Commander well fuck you we just
blew up your jams nice oh nice great
alright let's see what that distress is
all about
whose distress enough up in here find a
source of the distress call a small
research station it appears to be a
small laboratory fire gone out of
control and it's threatening to destroy
oh great now you can send your crew
under the shuttle to help put out the
fire huh you can dock to try and rescue
the survivors you leave or you can send
in your motherfucking rock man whatever
whatever you get a blue option that's
like a special option yeah it's
something you might not normally have
like if you start your ship that doesn't
have a rock man you can't do that so
it's always good to take the blue option
Oh usually the best solution yeah super
scrap but most of the fire under control
your scientists are able to help secure
the station they offer you their sincere
gratitude and a generous well reward
rather the light of Lord 31 scrap and
advance 31 scrap that excites me more
than the the unit's fan advances yeah we
need a store yeah we could use the store
I'm gonna go down I can't go down like
well knock that down Danica goes down
right not we've been there down that
right he's stupid that would be stupid
rich what wasn't okay it wasn't
suggesting day oh look where you took us
that's fine um oh they got nothing
how many people do after they all fit in
the medical Bay I say we just put
everybody in the medical Bay and and bet
the ship cuz then we don't have to worry
about the fires that start sure so click
up there's a button open all doors open
yeah but I don't want to open all that
we do
well you'd open all doors close the ones
in the medical Bay I just send everyone
into the medical it's paused you're
doing this this is the long way this is
perturb it's fine
it was not fine everything is fine I
gotta have this done five minutes ago so
send my guy here into the door
when did you upgrade the doors I didn't
there's a guy controlling the doors
which automatically gives you the next
level see
oh they added a door guy no they didn't
have that before oh yeah they had it a
door right now so now I can track them
in there a little bit longer
those are like an oxygen guy and no
there there's a there's a sensor guy you
can have a sensor guy now oh that's neat
yeah so now I'll hold them in here until
they're a little bit down then move him
into the medical yeah no that's fine I I
didn't know you could do that so now I
approve of your strategy okay great this
guy I might have to run away well you
know what
switch the the rock guy with him yeah
I'll move the man to stop mantis is a
better fighter there we go shoo put your
ng in the know Angie's fine all right
he's fine
yeah this is a better fight everyone we
want to kill them fast work either way
so close all doors get the pilot in
there and everybody back through jams
fuck are there Oh low oxygen low oxygen
then fat leave yeah well we have time
now before the next solar flare so her
farm will fine
let's bring get the next a completely
random solar flares I I don't know if
they're completely random solar flares
will light up and they will burn the
interior of your ship
I mean I guess I guess I should assume
some people have never played this yeah
we've already explained Rock men are
immune to fire if you have another
person try to put out the fire if they
can do it but they'll take damage while
they're putting the fire out but usually
your best option and FTL is just to open
the airlock and get rid of the oxygen
and then the fire will just die on its
own everybody knows to do it you still
kind of feel clever for doing it yeah oh
yeah fine my man thank you
you got nothing you got nothing mantis
he's got nothing I got him I got him I'm
barely barely get him to a fucking bed
babe I'm on it I'm on it
you don't even need to worry we gotta
save Justin got a thing
no thank you Oh whatever gotta say John
kilo okay what are we taking out next
shields oh well yeah fucking it's okay
it's okay
shields that's a single shot oh are
those both single shot items what the
the laser bear lasers arm arm you know
you know what I liked it and we're not
gonna do it now how cuz it takes forever
I like to Train micro like when I get a
weak ship like that one razor is never
gonna get through your shields so if you
can get the two out of sync they're only
shooting you will like one at a time
oh sure you could just sit there and
you'll keep dodging shots and eventually
your pilot will level off I'm gonna
suffocate him and it's just gonna go
into the next room that's fine
you know what he's ain't got shit to go
back through now so fuck him
and we're gonna trap him in there oh
yeah oh we were saving a civilian ship
by the way oh
it seems the crew did not survive
yourself you take with you oh good well
we saved it civilian ship but they died
anyway so we're just gonna take shit
from this ship it's fine it's a brutal
world it is a very brutal world that's
true you know what that's true doubt I
love this putting a guy in the door room
now yeah even he might take out my
cameras but oh no oh you're fucked dawg
you are gonna you're gonna die
how does it feel it's the little things
everybody's dead yeah what do you heal
some of these guys up wait no I can't
enclose you
because he broke through yeah but I
you'll be able to close the door well
this takes time no okay you know what
you're right dog ship in this game yes
like you get chips to choose from you
have to earn more you start off with one
okay yeah you started off with kind of
like the bags you have to start off with
this shit then no this is one of the
leadership's oh yeah did you
intentionally pick a ship that looks
like a penis
rich dude yeah I'm curious I picked this
ship because this is a good show I got
picked this ship I like this particular
one because you start off with the mixed
crew and all the different races have
different attributes that are useful and
plus they get you different like those
blue options sometimes come like only a
rock man can solve the fire problem when
the station's on fire shit like that a
store store yeah I know just some the
madness of a ghost or distress here here
distress if we can do it but yeah so the
fact that it looks like a dick is just a
bonus
it's a bonus okay you don't like dick J
you told me told me that you love dick
right you aren't supposed to talk about
this during this dream during during the
the Robocop thing the the my Robocop
dick shooting scene you told me that
that was the most erotic thing in your
entire life you know what that might be
true okay
here's a new one for you okay mind
control yes we temporarily can turn an
enemy into an ally and so we can
mind-control a person on another ship
and they will then start attacking their
own ship Oh does it work you can't see
what's in the other ship well if you
click on an empty you have to click on a
person in the ownership and so if you
click on an empty room if you can't see
and then what we can always put someone
in the sensor okay
okay um drone control you note that is
backup battery there's a second amazing
thing it has never happened it's true
also like the thing that is the most
amazing about this is this was a
complete overhaul of the game this was
an update added a ton of new content a
ton of new worlds and new enemies new
weapons and it was a free update yeah yo
FTL so that was super nice what's what's
deflected awesome I want to try that
fires a blast of debris across a random
area doing up to three damage it's great
at taking yes black can fucking buy it
oh and I think we can sign to the future
Oh dead silence that's appropriate no
Jan was everything good really the first
thing you can tell more jokes actually
startup culture how did I almost want to
sell the navigation when we can what I
want to do I'm gonna sell the navigation
okay and bulk up our basic stats I'm
gonna bulk up the weapons are we gonna
use that black okay I'm with you Sal
yeah and we don't want to buy anything
else i I Wallace to he loved it get us
into the green again like that one more
okay okay okay ship ship what does the
flag require us first power oh yeah we
need that equipment good here
the flack requires to like a big one but
you know we can always we can always
just turn off the birth later no no but
you gotta coordinate this like you see
the flag takes down the shield yeah and
then we hit him with the fucking triple
burst damn dawg
damn okay so - in here - in here yeah
that's mine this is good this is good
this is good
yeah we are gonna fuck all that up man
alright fuck some shit trade up
who wants some distress here here maybe
have time for this it's probable but
that's ok yeah ok this distress first I
mean if any way to try out our flag
saying that you're giving me too much
flack for my joke which is way funnier
than my job you guys it's a really fun
ok you located nearby human mining
colony where an unknown disease has
spread rudely
oh wait virulently is this the one oh no
this isn't the one there's a special
thing where your ng crewman can anyway
this is energy criminal radio but this
isn't the special thing maybe it is a
special thing I don't know so we need to
contain the quarantine do we want to
send a rock crewman or send our ng
crewman medicine in the ng send in the
mg with no fear of catching the disease
your ng crewmember helps to reassure and
organize the infected humans come by its
extension extension
yeah that's why I stopped talking
extensive knowledge of human physiology
the infected submit to the quarantine
and the hopes that a cure can be found
soon you can see the point voice do you
guys want to hear my slow motion voice
have I ever told you I can do a perfect
slow motion voice maybe if you put your
Ted the tip of your tongue on the back
of your bottom teeth
we're getting on it yeah
don't think we're gonna get that a bit
of stress I don't think I'm happy I'm
happy with everything out here by mantis
mining operation is clearly using heavy
ng slave labour you block them you
briefly consider the possibility of
emancipating the slaves fuck do you
decide to say fucking that's it that was
the whole yeah well they knock up the
flare count in the update you know it's
random okay okay we got our flak ready
we got our burst laser ready we gonna
fuck later they're both charged course
guards one charge to now it pause Fleck
where do we want to fly K kind of
spreads out somewhere central then okay
flak there boom flak now wait for it
black took out the shield burst laser
I'm I'm the weapon on the shield shield
oh you see isn't that a wonderful combo
now they are totally boned
they got no weapons no shields oh we can
flak him right away again actually oh
god I love black love it you can see
it's not accurate you know it hits these
areas yeah no it's great
but it's great and it just shoots
garbage you know a garbage cannon it's a
garbage that a ninja turtle weapon and
they're dead just that fucking easy and
okay oh we can't get out in time that's
art that's all right that's okay
can I rock man it's a non-essential room
can't Iraq man in there put out that
fire dog you just put out that fire you
rock man you can't hurt you none come on
man
thank you a little Rev oh love oh you
doing all right we're gonna have to
battle a right now we
pause it right there don't you do
anything behold the whole game the rebel
fleet is chasing you that's that that
red line that's been getting closer and
closer to the end if you go to a system
that's behind the red line you're gonna
have to fight the rebel fleet and the
rebel fleets gonna be upgraded difficult
to handle level ship so right now we can
see this guy here he's got double
shields which is gonna be a pain in the
ass you know he's got a shitload of
weapons they're gonna pop out as soon as
we had paused this video is three or
four different fucking weapons and and
the biggest fuck you about running into
the rebels is even if you win all you
get is one fuel just one fuel joke and
rewards
yeah so it's best to jump as two to get
out of there as soon as you can you
don't even bother finishing the fight as
soon as the engines are charged that
knows that other ships fire you know
what oh my god oh so they made this a
lot harder oh wait we're good now we're
gonna fight alright now I've liked our
other one isn't ready yet so now we're
gonna we're just gonna go straight go
right in the engine that you're gonna
get three different rooms look at three
on the shield this is gonna be great
no it's not yeah I think Hey
oh fuck they took it well that's fine
get the ng on the weapons weapons
weapons weapons the shit I didn't see I
didn't sneeze okay it's okay I didn't
see Doug Ang's are good at preparing
shit oh we're getting the fuck blown out
of this serious dog we are running as
soon as we can absolutely there we go oh
that's fine that's fine oh my god this
is bad jump jump jump
oh my god Zoltan homeworld oh fuck
alright no we should take some time just
to fucking repair everything getting
there getting there oh fuck oh my ass
first oh fuck my ass just hurts
get out of there get out of there
oh that that did a lot of killin to us I
didn't know they beefed up the rebels
the rebels so much yeah yeah they
they're not playing nice then I'm
playing nice no more all right get back
to your jams everyone I think it's time
for Jay to take over nope not this game
but Jays here you just ask Jay questions
repower up the flack are you playing fun
games later yeah I might play something
yeah we can play that last game either
cuz I won't go nuts
uh we'll play binding or issac and
that's a night that's easy to understand
okay yeah I saw you I saw you guys
playing that one I'm no no you oh no you
didn't do binding advice then give it
right what's the first risk a very high
risk event that's a different game
that's a fun one too hmm okay our oxygen
is now hop there's a store but we ain't
got shit we can probably do it like Bam
Bam Bam Bam store okay
paint BAM sorry well fuck that rebel
fleet now they fucked us up good they
sure did okay he's got he's got those
jams which is fine when you're cloaked
like that your weapons don't charge
because he can't lock on to anything
when your enemies cloak like that which
is a slight pain in the ass oh fuck yo
shield first shit we going on oxygen for
a little while damn oh fuck you do I
bring in another guy no I want him no no
don't don't
he's got he's got this okay flex up and
burst how is he charging so quick I
don't know okay birthda flax out oh no
he oh he doesn't have any shields oh it
doesn't fucking matter I didn't know I
don't know I'm sorry it's all right it's
all right Oh
that's okay seems like weapons charge
faster
I mean his - we could just be I don't
know these are things I don't know ain't
got no weapons no more take care that
cloak and boom you know straight to the
store yeah it's just that straight up
right away yeah all right it's fine
why don't we pout it on us that's fine
if you want you want to risk it I'm
Fonda who we hadn't do storms all right
risk it fucking go to this to fucking
well we could go to the store then
recharge and double back to this store
here art maybe where you can you go from
this bottom store or where can you reach
all right here's what we're doing
but my first door yeah mr. then go down
to the bottom left yeah the end of the
ocean shore then we're going into the
cloud we could hit this store then go
back up here here into the nebula and
then maybe hit the store again then
we're not gonna have time I don't think
we will I don't know you want me to hate
a store now wait five health yeah yeah
okay I think I do okay I'll hit a store
now I'll hit this top store that's what
we're gonna do what time is it even 18
oh okay yeah we had time we had time do
we have a cut-off
no we don't have a cut-off shit that's
the thing the zoltán are fascinated by
I'm here to party and have set up
something of an alien knick-knack jump
okay Oh extra crew members well we have
to heal do you want to just fucking heal
all yeah yeah what's a page two
I'll beam that'd be a nice tandem with
the flack I take our shields head-on
with the beam then we already have the
laser to do that and he'll only deal
yeah yeah yeah boom ah that stuff don't
have anything to sell really gonna grab
some fuel while we're here and just say
fuck 21 yeah yeah yeah right yeah we
don't have any missiles or robot parts
so terrible that does feel terrible
right yeah we're not gonna have enough
for the other stores why don't you just
go up and around that's fine yeah we'll
see if we can hit it we might be able to
hit it we'll see
everything's fine everybody everything's
fine that's it but this is what is great
it's like literally the story is in text
prompts and yet we are so into the life
of our crew you know okay say it's like
a sport us space version of Oregon Trail
kind of cuz that's like you get a little
prompts on the screen yeah Texas say I
could see similarities yeah yeah like
the biggest difference though is is the
combat you know like combat is is very
very different here with Oregon Trail
it's just I mean there's no combat the
unless you're hunting which is awesome
which is the best part I don't think
Oregon Trail lets you take different
paths either yeah okay you can kind of
choose where you go yeah okay what was
that what happened I don't know it did I
didn't read I just want to I don't think
we're gonna hit this other store nobody
that was gonna happen no people are
saying that we browse Oregon weird
look we're from the Midwest say it every
everyone up here says Oregon everyone
hey what what do you do with a light
switch when you turn it off and you turn
it on you fuckers what do you call a
multi-sided object you called it up you
call it a polygon it's Oregon
that's how it is spelled I'm going to
pronounce it so that's it
it's a polygon it's over gone I know I
know you're I'm supposed to say or a gun
that's the proper pronunciation of it
but I don't give a fuck
tomorrow are stupid long story short
deal with it yeah we ran to the Sultan's
okay
so they got the mega shield they got
this nice mega shit that you have to get
through first like like many areas and
Zoltan space the residents of this
sector prepare
oh they okay did Preston prepared well
for galactic war the military here seems
to have given up reasoning with forms
preferring instead to attack on site
continue all right well let's fuck this
shit up well the Sultan's shield absorbs
everything yeah so we have to get that
down first you can't do any damage you
take it out now and you don't even
matter where you aim exactly always
gonna hit the shabbat boom down already
cuz the flack cannon oh god I love that
flak cannon mm-hmm ooh they got a new
one too or something a rapid fire vision
oh we have this if you like do you see
this little green light here huh it has
three green lights so you can either
fire it once quick or wait for it to
charge and it fires three oh yeah
yeah it's really neat right this is so
awesome
I can't believe you haven't played with
any of the new content yet I've been
distracted by other things sure
Oh everything's gonna have their shield
yep and enter weapons okay you got
nothing you got nothing I can do flak in
it right away no this is well gonna hit
that that's fine oh nice boom great that
was a great one I feel great about that
let's head into the nebula in the nebula
cuz the nebula okay when you go do it
and everyone yeah you see the pink
clouds and the stars got that Adam now
going into a nebula will slow down the
enemy fleet yeah though you have no
shields in a nebula well maybe sometimes
you have shield and nebula and storm
will take your shields I may be like a
randomly take away ship things I'm
thinking when I say no shields I'm
actually thinking of Master of red oh
there's no shields or nebula there but
here yeah you get less power when you
hit an eye on a door and you see like it
took out our sensor so we can't see
what's in the ship now that's right
nebulas in this game those sensors yeah
okay there's nothing that you want you
want to move up here you want to move
down here hit as much of that weight we
could hit here up down and around the
bottom up down yep around the bottom yep
okay that's also a sex act you're weird
I like it when you make sex jokes it's
funny what's that called it's called the
3x circus
I think by the way it should be
mentioned that Rich's prank phone call
which I love was 100% top of your head
right like yes oh yeah one in a million
I'm never gonna do that again I sure
don't you know and editing that episode
I should have kept it on the wide shot
the whole time yeah because Mike hands
the phone it looks it looks like an axe
to you it looks like an edit I should
have just let the whole thing play we
have video proof we do we could we could
upload that into some little chunk of I
yeah it was all right on the spot all
right on the spot and glorious yes just
as glorious as you guys saw oh fuck yeah
oh there's already yeah yeah some more
people there does that one work no we
did not get a call back about the prank
phone call unfortunately my plane
crashed everybody died you clicking them
individually you can you I know I can't
drag I think I did that yeah you can
drag and click multiple people I I just
have a habit of clicking on people
individually so that's what I did okay
I'll healed up ready to go ready to go
boom Shakalaka hit that de-stress you
want to dress okay that's it that's
dress so always a chance for goodies in
her distress mm-hmm my signal is coming
from a small space station orbiting an
uninhabited planet their satellite
defense system has gone haywire and the
repair crew contra can't approach
without being fired on they're looking
to help fix or disable it all right
promise to help boom oh yeah ng crew
remotely repair their targeting system
option is always the way to go like if
you take the light option there's like a
chance to fail yeah there's a chance
where you could like lose crew members
or fuck up your hull and if you ever see
a special event with alien spiders don't
fight the alien spiders never fight
veneerings buddy are we still talking
about the game or just life and life in
general okay but in the game if you
fight alien spiders just like a ninety
percent chance you will lose one of your
crew members and gain
have to shit yeah there's there's a new
event in here where an ng crew will try
to take over your engineer because they
say he has a virus and you temporarily
lose your engineer yeah
but then if you win the battle he comes
back with all of his stats at a hundred
percent oh yeah that's really cool you
ask me there's some there's some neat
shit in here guys okay back to the
nebula we're going we're going
the nebula turns out to be the hiding
place of a terrified rock crew taking
refuge from the zoltán border police
they don't seem prepared to risk your
leaving with their coordinates and open
fire oh fuck you Rock crew we're just
hanging out at flat cannons yeah flak
cannons it's the way to go oh look at
that big ship dollar flat cannon right
in the center of that yeah fuck okay so
so like if I can like pilot yeah like
right there oh I'll hit the pilot gray
so now we wait for their shields to go
down you can pause and take out their
weapons boom boom yeah took out the flak
cannon that's good that was great you
ain't got nothing you ain't got nothing
so we're gonna take triangular shields
just trying to do shield oh yes three
four three two shields boom and boom
nice you ain't got no weapons
you gonna die cuz you rockin
motherfucker oh no I was off the tank
okay they got no weapons they can't hit
us probably wasting to prepare
everything mm-hmm but guess what did you
ever kill an enemy ship in this just by
continuous continuously disabling their
oxygen I have done that isn't that the
best thing that's the best feeling in
the world is when you have like a couple
ion can yeah yeah I'm just one is on
their weapons so they can't fire you and
one is on their oxygen until all dead
it's the greatest achievements ever and
there's an achievement for that yeah
okay their systems are suffering they're
offering no wait when was this you're
the same
but the rock ship attempts to make
contact okay uh yeah no I'll never do it
never well they're offering us 15
scrapped missiles we don't have a
missile launcher and we don't have Robo
so never is accept surrender you die
fuck 30 for scraps see that was so worth
it so worth it to kill them
actually know what holy shit what shit
you want a raise let's get some shields
yeah boom boom boom boom shields and
shits and now we got an extra shiny
shield more twenty a week oh we know we
can probably do is um auto of eight
fifty percent evasion
whatever you want we can do out of eight
we could do my sensors no mattered or
save up in case we run across the store
don't blow the one hey hey hey you wanna
do it if you want to do it here I'm we
are we're piloting the ship together
alright and I listen to my crew all
right
probably we probably can't make it up I
can go to can afford to go down though
yeah go down back into the nebula hit up
at least these four yeah okay I think so
it's it's always a balancing act like
staying as close to that red line as
possible okay you want you want to hit
as many systems as you can to get as
much scrap as you can to upgrade the
fuck out of your shit
absolutely because the the final
encounter in this game is just
terrifying
thank you to the shield
I think if I dunno yes
good timing good timing oh we missed
good that's excellent news and I'm gonna
do the same thing I fuck you fucked
shield out I'm working on I don't I
don't think you can get through our
shield oh oh
now fly cannon doesn't it fuck it it is
not a hundred percent I was asking about
a hundred and one wacky kid jokes part
three somebody did send us a giant stack
books so we'll see what happens in the
future wait did you do part Q yeah
there's part two oh really
Oh like most sequels it wasn't as good
oh that too is fine I didn't remember
which is which anymore they're both fine
but yeah we have we have lots of new kid
joke material we have we have there's
like weird topics like one book is all
about
do you remember they were rich no they
only different topics and some were
super specific where it was like how can
you do 101 jokes about that and I can't
do want to two or three or four or one
two three I think I can go up I think I
can do this don't if there's a nebula
here's here's how this gonna work out
by the time you get up here it's gonna
be excuse me
right on your ass yeah and then for
these - it's gonna be big jumps no
you're not gonna be able to get back
down I was gonna go nebula this one back
down
it just gets this one extra but I think
we can make that okay okay I'm fine with
that
you're out there I'm fine with it okay
riches a rich is fine with that
oh no no I just went and I grabbed their
copy of a hundred and one hamburger
jokes jokes to be devoured with relish I
oh shoot that is a triple and but when
do hamburgers most enjoy watching TV
during prime time that's the appropriate
response what wait I missed it I'm sorry
during prime time maybe I don't
understand a joke
like prime beef oh fuck you
oh I get it sorry I didn't get it at
first I'm trying to find some that are
worth reading not either awful
just got a commit J just gotta come into
it alright we can do this guy's
we can do this which is the meat patties
least favorite day of the week which
Friday you frighten me patty
grill you can miss yeah whatever listen
I hate to take away from the jokes our
hamburger is male yes because they're
boy Gers not girl birds what that's a
joke that somebody thought of and put in
a book that is not that is not true
you're making that I'm not making these
things up day before you really
interrupted me I apologize we have to
make we have to make a decision okay
what's going on an iron arm dissolves
and transport vessel is slowly making
its way towards the beacon hear the hail
this is the sultan peace envoy we carry
no weapons or shielding and rhine the
mercies of other to communicate our
message do we want to attack them or
hear them out
we take your sounds for interest income
as inflation they talk at length about
peace and bullshit and it's all nonsense
the finish please spread our word of
enlightenment to those have not heard
once you have contact our brethren they
transmit coordinates to their so-called
brethren is this the first quest marker
this is the first quest mark right some
encounters and get you a quest markers
so in the next sector and the next
sector there's gonna be a quest marker
but sometimes it it could be a trap
could be America be good stuff could be
a special event it could be a storyline
thing that will get you a new ship yeah
oh and we need a store we're out of fuel
ok so now you can please read more
delightful kid jokes J I'm really sorry
to interrupt this is the the hamburger
joke stream right absolutely we
shouldn't change the title change the
title of this broadcast to him
hamburger joke's on hamburger we could
do that by the way by the way we would
get a webcam for a 101 camera day we
would just take turns reading each
individual joke and then looking into
the webcam oMG space thanks you've
arrived in the ng space actually it's
the mg homeworld yeah mats have been
threatening the ng core worlds but you
should be able to stock up for your
journey
great we need some motherfucking crew oh
here's our quest marker you can make it
there too yeah but we mean we probably
to sneak around use the quest marker and
I look over here and go to this one this
one cuz that one links to a lot of
worlds one of those might be a storm
okay we only have two fuel I know okay
that's
oh I'm just pointing that out to the
stream oh yeah yeah I know you knew but
but it's like if we run out of fuel we
are stranded but it first seems to be a
symptom nebula is actually filled with a
good amount of debris from a brutal
exchange between several ships wreckage
a drifts by your screens and tuples into
the depths of the blah blah blah blah
investigate right ya gots to dumb fuck
you still owe stars that though I like
store store
what store do you want to hit
that's a coin flip oh that one I gotta
the poser one this one yeah I want to be
close to that quest marker because there
might be additional quest markers
associated with it okay I want time to
get to them if that's the case okay
great so we need fuel for sure so we're
gonna take all three of their fuel photo
show we can't get any of this shit
shield charged booster well first blow
it all on a already didn't only three we
only have three fuel go to the other one
that we're gonna need to the other store
yeah we gots to if we could get another
flat camp I don't think so no I just the
flak in the burst or do you want to get
rid of the burden of to fucking just
have garbage cannon get this forty what
you want to do you want to do a garbage
can is that you want to fly cannons and
the burst laser I want that I don't know
if we should
I want fucking let's do it all right
this might be the decision that kills us
this is absolutely the decision that
kills oh I'll let you know that this is
oh yeah we don't have the thing that we
can take out Brits lazy and we're just
gonna garbage cannon it but now we have
to go to the other no we don't we can't
buy much fuel it's not worth it huh it's
not worth it we can't buy enough you'll
also go to the quest go to the claim
ideal location specified by the
peace-loving Zoltan but the only thing
nearby is a rebel ship closing in fast
we found you you're not getting away
this time
well fuck well if I could eat my flak
cannon eat my toe and intruders on board
fuck you
put somebody in the door and vent it
yeah yeah yeah okay someone in the door
get you chew over Kevin's might be
sexually attracted to flight cannons
okay wait for like cannons are almost
ready look at this though just Oh miss
yeah we've got some of your shields down
can't nothng ain't got nothing they got
nothing okay when did you find out you
with Blake Collins clawback oh and
somebody posted it in whatever did they
leave no they're still firing on our
shit the burbs is a great we're
attacking shields okay well the oxygens
getting let out so they're not gonna
attack for long they're gonna sit back
in the door soon okay black
now then a cloning bay like that
yeah good thing in yes ah you know what
we went fuel except oh yes I just turned
into Ric Flair momentarily from it's
just rare that I see you this excited
usually you know like when we're doing
best to the worst it's just all crumpets
and and and sarcasm but look at look at
how happy you are with just what an
amazing invention alright we need to fix
some shit now we need to fix some jams
alright yeah using peaceful methods yeah
yeah we didn't murder these nice rebels
and and we got some fuel for it
rich player get our mantas here some
some buff up his fixing skills yeah
that's a waste why he's in our weapons
all right and another fucking story that
much money uh yo you could go here go
down and maybe up if we have time I
don't know if I gotta back we could we
could hit this area get us some more and
then come back no you know what one you
don't want three you wanna do that no no
we've we've got we're doing decent with
weapons right yeah well we need a scrap
to build up the base stats we need we
need more power we need more weapon
slots so we can use the two flak cannons
and the burst no sir okay so we just
need general scrap not a storm okay
I am with you oh hey look I just went
here we got more scrap hey sweet boom
moving on wait wait wait wait ship ship
what can we upgrade uh oh we can get two
more bars - oh wait no we need weapons
slow okay you know what we're gonna buy
up eventually so you may as well get the
power verse well if we get an ion storm
or something that extra power help okay
great boom so we got the bars I'll wave
it yeah we're good we're good
okay so do you want to try to go back no
then no cuz this dead-end I'd go up okay
this one this one and then try to look
okay okay great great this is great guys
this is great we are fucking killing it
at FTL a menace vessel flashes past your
view screen weapons and engines at full
tiny blip on the sensor readout marks
its quarry aid the civilian ship of
course you from power up the weapons and
prepare to engage the mantas ship not
today you say bravely as your ship
enters the fold i embellished out of it
both nights
thank you I feel good about that not
only have our shield destroying flak
fucking cannons okay so we're gonna do
this we're gonna do this oh yeah you
guys are so fucked oh oh that's what
that does look it stunned me Oh
stunts it's a stun cannon let's you know
that's a fucking waste yeah I would
never use organic
yeah No
come on our garbage cannon is not
working out really go back to the laser
we could well we're gonna give our
garbage can a couple more shots it's cuz
they oh fuck oh fuck
don't worry we're on it we're on it
we're on it now oh fuck he stunned us
again that's ok our mantis is on it
our mantis is on him get in there get in
there you fucking vent no no I got it
they got it get in there now Sheila
mantis well we get here for the rocket
he's got missiles you could sit with a
missile yeah it's dead yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh I forgot we had the one cannon
that's great we still have a weapon yeah
yeah get there get there alright it's
alright it's alright calm down calm down
he'll not uh burst lasers charging okay
first lasers not gonna do shit they got
three shields yeah but I'll get the flak
back on first laser takes longer to
recharge fuck we are so fucked and out
oh I didn't I can see I didn't see okay
come on fuck it all fuck that missile
totally gonna fuck us yeah yeah okay
it's okay okay come on Fleck you know
you know what like what sleep yeah yeah
okay stress
no go to ok store yeah we can't get yeah
compared to the store we can't hit the
store directly unless we go back to the
Sun we need to fucking repair everything
go to the one we already visited oh it's
a waste of fuel but we're no shape for a
fight look at this yeah yeah we're
really fucked okay there we go
closed arse
get some oxygen back in there get the ng
in here okay great guys we are now being
really fucked is it proper to eat a
hamburger with your fingers
I don't know today is it no you should
eat your fingers separately oh that's a
fun joke well we can oh fuck
please sell something a flat cannon you
want something I mean that might have
been the worst idea we can buy a fly
cannon what's a flat to do just hi learn
I'm curious for the stance on fires a
blast of debris us-27 damage oh fuck
what our fly cannons worth thirty thirty
no no we can't sell enough to get it I
wouldn't want to solve that much anyway
Shane laser all of that the one good
yeah that's the one oh no this one is a
dual shot laser decreases in cool talent
and after every fire and so you could
turn it on auto fire and eventually it
just turns into a fucking Gatling gun
yeah do you want we could we could get
rid of our flax and get the chain laser
are you feeling up flex flex I'm doing
is too good one flat cannon jokes by
rich other eyes I want I want to get rid
of our flat cannon alright alright I'm
sorry that's fine that's fine
very sorry this is a much better
investment and one fix is jokes
yes okay now we are ready for a fight
kind of now oh not really but oh we
can't we got to do only have three
fucking fuel left okay all right you
might as well put that chain and auto
without man yeah well you can a civil
weapon
can you yeah I think I don't think again
I guess not all right that's fine so
chain auto shields take care that shit
look at you on the jams over here you
can take him you can take him you can
take him yes that was a risk it was that
was a big risk but I wanted to take them
it's just one second a fire huh what do
you mean how much does a cool-down
reduce you'll see well you see that oh
yeah it cools down with every with
everyone and so eventually if it's a
longer fight which obviously this will
be its eventually just going to be a
fucking Gatling gun which is turning
into already your night crew lining like
yeah yeah that's a great one so now
we're gonna fuck this shit up boom and
oh I keep forgetting we have our jam
laser yeah that's a good one that's a
good I'm assuming that's not what it is
actually cold oh you know what we should
do what is we should upgrade our jam
laser so Jimmy Jam laser yeah cuz right
now it has a 50 second clock on with
that one more gives it a 40 second come
on fine with that
okay give us the best slight chance here
because we have to start fucking shit up
1 2 3 M you've got to start fucking shit
up rich I know the sector kind of fucked
us Federation encrypted signal is being
broadcast from nearby planet mmm
investigate yeah yeah as you approach
the signal you receive a message of a
rebel channel I knew we'd get some
Federation fish away this thing oh sorry
shooters on board great that's fine
that's fine I'm okay with this you're
okay with this
yeah here's a question for you what are
the benefits of subscribing
I have no idea okay benefits of
subscribing here what do you want - what
do you want to target first
um chain on shields first on weapons for
now nothing I'm both charged to full
okay and then unleashing both at once
okay you answer the question I'll take
over okay yeah Angola the benefits of
subscribing are with us one is its it's
mostly oh and don't forget our yep jams
mostly it's just a way to support the
stream and it goes you know to us to get
games or to clean up our clusterfuck of
an equipment mess but you get a pizza
roll icon I handcrafted that Pizza roll
out of pixel art by the way you get a
pizza roll icon and you get the ability
for custom emoticons right now our two
emoticons are a opened can of beer
pixel art that I did and a where can
someone can someone emoticon the Showbiz
Pizza bear head oh nice I tried to get
Rick Berman as the emoticon that annoyed
face better my favorite Berman alright
Nicole your : yes but they've rejected
that one saying good - celebrity
likeness even though it's not awesome
free even though it's a little pixel
they reject event so but they're fine
with the Showbiz Pizza bear bear okay
target what is going on sucking all my
hands on a damp track there's the
Showbiz Pizza beer and the more
subscribers we get the more custom
emoticons we can add and that's it it's
it's it's pretty simple it's just it's
just a way to help us out if you feel
like it obviously you can just follow us
if you want email updates and if you
follow us on the tweet sirs we tweets it
and other things
say hello thanks for showing off the
emoticons guys a classy classy emoticons
because they were what i had the ship
repeatedly hails you it looks like they
want to surrender three fuel yeah I mean
I take it take it
alright I'm some scrap so take it so if
you like this you know we're gonna try
to do this group stream every Wednesday
that's what we're gonna try to do it
next week is in there next week is in
the air and I usually do a solo just me
stream Sunday nights which I know is
Game of Thrones but you know fuck it
guys
so you know at least twice a week and if
if you guys liked it we'll try to do it
more and even though we're trying to
we're trying to set rich up with the
better computer so he can do solo
streams to and and then that's that's
what it does alright so I hope that
helped
I should put all that in the like
description below us but I can
how many feeding frenzy TVs DVDs did you
sell buy that copy number five we six we
use them as blanket sadness coasters
feeding frenzy is done well people have
been very nice then talking about Fenian
birthday oh yeah yeah okay that's good
that's nice
feeding frenzy is is flying that's the
quote
thanks for the back of the box yeah
that's fine it's fine it's you know it's
one of those things it's it's a fun
little movie it's a fun little monster
movie firing yeah you got fired I said
I've got a fire here favorites you got a
fire there
if you'll hey all right well I hate that
I need a film do we do we do we
absolutely do accept their offer accept
their offer sigh is this over contrail
right there's some
oh yeah no by the way I enjoyed feeding
frenzy too I'm mostly I'm most like kid
it's it is a fun movie and I enjoyed the
little part that I had in it I got to
view zombie it was great and hold the
shotgun I added a little
characterization to Larry where I gave
him one wonky hand oh yes the arm that
was my addition as an actor and I feel
good about you think we can make it you
can make that all right I don't know if
you can make that I know we never
approach approached a distributor about
being bronzy because we wanted to
distribute it ourselves do you think
what do you think the pros and cons of
that decision work um wait give me the
second and considering that the movie we
did before that because I kind of look
at it separate from like we probably
would have approached it completely
differently if the red letter media so I
didn't take off because the movie we did
before that man I did have a sales agent
I did have a distributor and it took
five years to make our minuscule budget
back that stuff hey great so feeding
frenzy you know but between the time you
shot it at the time we were done with it
was the website took off and so we said
well we have this audience now let's
just distribute herself and that was
without getting technical details or you
know things that I don't feel they
needed to volge
it was the smart decision sure sure no I
that makes sense where is like if you
went through a distributor you might
have gotten it into stores it might have
been you know more publicly available
but well that's this cuz something's and
is in stores doesn't mean people are
buying it right you look at all those
like like for movie DVD packs especially
now that DVD source tell you I read this
or just let you guys talk and play I'll
just let you guys talk and play look and
read it yeah yeah people get irate we're
attacking the slavers because if you
beat him hard enough they give you a
free slave and that's the best oh and we
need more crew members
mr. Paris I know we are so fuckin boned
we are we are playing a little Shields
please right we have two shields that's
pretty good it's does shit against these
missiles that they're firing yeah
I'm all about engines actually I want to
upgrade engines so why the shit doesn't
even hit us yeah that's a smart that's a
smart call upgraded doors yeah yeah
we're right on upgrading doors come on
we're not falling for that shit like you
said upgrade resistance upgrade skeleton
upgrade skeleton right we're not falling
for that shit
everything I've played this game no at
least one notch it's good yeah well I'm
later in the game when you're fighting
the bed the end boss the we've got so
many other priorities right now oh yeah
it's ridiculous being boss sends drones
after you after a while so pizza rolls
that's right binding of issac when well
we'll get to binding of issac maybe I
get you know we're at worst I didn't I
honestly did not think we'd make it this
far an FTL I'll be quite honest with you
because I am the guiding light Jack you
are you're great I like I like it that
rich Evans is doing so well cuz right
now we're playing on my computer and so
I'm gonna unlock some stuff
will you guys stream space cop with some
live commentary unlikely maybe a while
after it's done while after the rehab
stream feeding frenzy before but that
was several years after it had been
released but probably not with live
commentary
I'm sure the DBE oh now look live
commentary yeah I'm sure the blu-ray DVD
release whatever digital release will
have a commentary track I don't know or
maybe we'll just be sick of it at that
point we don't want to talk about it no
there's all I mean it's been a long
process maybe there's almost no I don't
know I should I spoke too soon about you
doing so well hey there it is the free
slave all right and you can any plans to
premiere space cop outside Milwaukee
when it's finished probably we might we
were talking about that yes yeah in
other cities we'll see piloting skill
thanks how's Justin Justin Justin temple
- yeah well we need get him and the
doors or get them in the sensors
well we won't really have any need for
sensors I guys get him in the door yeah
we did um I'm just saying what we need
to do where look at a hole I know we are
on the verge of death we get if we get
hit one more time we're fucked
we're diving the gun the game's over if
we get hit one more time
hi deference intermediate right yeah
yeah we will most likely have a blu-ray
release and then of course a digital
release which will be HD can you do blu
ray/dvd combo pack uh probably probably
we're looking into that
it'll still be a while yeah this is an
exclusive exclusive on the stream
probably probably maybe that'll be a
thing that exists oh we in Lexington Eve
Minh yep I don't want to do a DVD
release and the blu-ray release at this
point with physical media it's a fun
store we're not dead the game continues
okay great
how critical yeah we're skeleton
imminent thank you
walk oh my God look at this guy cost
it's right here oh that's everything
everything the question is well not
quite now you can do that's why we did
appeal to can you oh okay we need we
need this we need it yeah all right I
was thinking maybe save enough to get
another crew member but yes oh well
doesn't matter that's that's my favorite
upgrade right here the screens grabber
erm yeah if you can get that early on
that's that's an awesome thing but oh
well we went where we're not dead yet Oh
a VHS release all right we probably will
have some sort of limited VHS for I
loved your like design you the cases for
the VHS is so dumb feeding frenzy and
that Girl Interrupted what was here
what was your feeding frenzy release how
many of you at Jess's did you make for
that if enough I think maybe 15 gorillas
interrupt ins but there's only ten
feeding frenzy so that's a rare item
those were a lot now I like doing that I
like designing the old oh oh whatever
oh you have a drone that you can sell oh
I forgot about that thank you thank you
I actually did a VHS version of feeding
frenzy where I went through the movie
and made it four by three
they're in a pan and scan Oh which was
one nice heard forget me turn on a dime
jack huh it turned on a dime our
fortunes yeah no no I feel great got
three got the two lasers got to shield
I'm still not happy with those weapons I
we did I miss her flag you missed our
flight I miss luck they just weren't
accurate we weren't hitting anything
should we do space cap on best of the
worst
oh yeah we've always liked frenzy that's
always you know what you know what we
should do we need to send Len I will not
be a feeding frenzy in space Cobb anger
on a drum and Grill interrupted and let
Len do a best yeah I'm gonna be okay
with this yeah we it would be I think
it'd be really tough for us to do that
yeah for the movies if you want to hear
our kind of review of feeding frenzy
just listen to the feeding frenzy
commentary that's what we we need other
people who we enjoy to watch the movies
and do it best at we need an all guest
of the worst yeah for random people who
have nothing to do with the movie
watching all the movies watching groom
that I interrupted Space Camp and
feeding frenzy the fuck did you do to
the rebels that they're hunting you
across the galaxy so so for those who
missed the story we have vital
information to help take down the rebel
mothership and the rebel fleet and so we
are trying to get back to our base - to
destroy the rebels because for once in a
sci-fi setting the Federation is the
good guy we're the good guys
how do you know any were evil we could
be evil but we're the good guys cuz
we're us from my point of view
J do you have camera preferences thirty
five thirty five-millimeter red or Alexa
I don't care I know there's still some
people that cling to 35 you know to film
I I don't care at this point
it doesn't go this long is it you know I
mean the story comes first
whatever okay I'll say it um I've seen
some movie shot digitally that look like
shit but their industry movies so that's
true Alexa has significantly better
quality but it's also like a twenty
thousand dollar camera well it's also
it's how you use it
yeah you know David Fincher shot zodiac
on the Viper not unless I'm mistaken
maybe someone will crack this but I
think that was an actual tape camera you
know it was HD and stuff but it was sure
hate and and that movie looks fantastic
no the the the transporter movies not
transporter crank crank movie those
movies look like like ninety skateboard
videos like and that's fine for what it
is but all shot on consumer grade
camcorders cuz they knew their yeah yeah
it's completely appropriate for that
type of movie yeah yeah fuck yeah those
are very about story and it's about
using whatever type of camera are using
to the best to your advantage
yeah that being said I I liked tech a
lot and I like I got a chance to poke at
a red epic and it's really neat
I'm sure it is and even I'm more
interested in kind of the post work flow
of the read and the stuff you get to do
shooting in RAW as far as like exposure
is concerned where you get to like fix a
ton of exposure imposed and the color
correction options you have in post ya
are fucking amazing I've edited
something that was shot on the red I've
never shot anything on the red myself
but I've edited something that was yeah
it was it was fun that's so great
I got I got really excited for the black
magic line of cinema cameras like
there's the Blackmagic Cinema Camera and
now there's the new black magic like
micro four-thirds I got tiny but they
shoot 4k they shoot in RAW - yeah the
only issue with them is like most DSLRs
they have rolling shutter which is
bullshit for a camera for a camera that
can shoot in RAW to have a rolling
shutter is unacceptable hawks are exact
in second so that's that's my that's
mine any plans for a red letter media
kickstarter you don't need a kickstarter
there's a patreon now which means that
only people who wanted to give me money
and the Kickstarter for one specific
project we're working on 50 projects at
any given time yeah Blackmagic pocket
Thank You Evan Oh someone's saying I
wrote them a haiku when they bought Pina
froz I remember this oh they're the same
with the high coolest okay
I vaguely remember doing this all this
mind control is a pain in the ass sorry
oh yeah are they are they killing you
yeah yeah I'm gonna take the surrender
because they don't damage yeah mine
control can really fuck you up and then
you eventually have to like fight your
own crew yeah Wow Wow someone said crank
2 is lame who said that I'm stupid crank
2 is the good current crank 2 is amazing
that's great - is one of those movies
that you I should say how did this get
released by a major studio yeah oh I
guess it's not a major studio I think it
was Lionsgate right so yeah but still
it's Fringe but it's big fringe and
that's where he needs all the
electricity right yes oh my god I hold
on where they turn into giant kaiju
monsters oh she speak in English but I
cuts off his own nipples by lean green -
is amazing
bottling needs to subside all that
piling is in a movie I'm gonna recommend
another movie here that most people
haven't seen it's called Edmonds it's
directed by Stuart Gordon who I liked a
lot and certain by David Mamet stars
William H Macy and biling plays a
stripper one of those strippers that
works behind the like the glass booth
thing you know or the wall comes down
and there's glass between the stripper
and the client and it just kept saying
take your dick out this glass come down
she says the glass doesn't come down
take your dick out but it's a hard movie
to watch in parts but it's it's very an
NG ship in the vicinity seeing you jump
in armed to the teeth immediately
broadcast its surrender subject goal
wealth ng motivation survival transfer
of goods acceptable explain that you're
friendly or accept their offer of
surrender there are allies but they
think we might be an enemy but they're
I'm a jerk and I'm going to accept their
offer of surrender okay and let them
give me shit
and I got I got 59 scrap out of that
good for me no sergeant no brows
someone's saying a serious question Mike
says that video games are a waste of
time I don't think mine has ever sent
that I think you're putting words into
his mouth I think I think rich might
have said that rich might have alluded
to that Mike just doesn't like video
these are waste of time for him they're
not his right that's fine yeah I don't
think he said I ain't meant to imply he
said that about them in general but
definitely as they relate to himself
there there are always the time for him
and his interest Mike Mike I'm not I'm
not sure whether or not not to say Mike
is a workaholic or if work is just play
for my kid you know maybe they're
intertwined ooh and this is what we do
Yeah right right yeah and Mike Mike
would rather be working on a movie
you're editing something yeah been
playing a game that's his his personal
time preference this is literally why
rich and I were pretty insistent on
doing the video game show it just gives
us an excuse to play more video games no
nobody else I know
gives a fuck thank you pruney toes I
like my eye they asked me to sign
something one day and I was so confused
by them asking me to sign something that
I signed it I'm Jack and now what you
think and now it's my signature so thank
you for saying I have the best signature
oh shit I gotta go I can't do it how
many hours a week do you guys dedicate
to rlm stuff all of them all of the
hours it's full-time job yeah no a lot
of time a lot of time
mede lie so time-consuming things
especially best of the worst oh my god
oh and editing in general that's where
everything kind of bottlenecks when with
all of our different stuff that were
working on mm-hmm we every every so
fucked we also take up a lot of time
removing the skeletons yeah yeah that
takes a lot of time
more probably now well if they offer us
fuel if you fuck them up enough right
we're not getting enough scrap we keep
doing that huh we won't be getting
enough scrap if we keep doing and we
don't have good weapons to fight the end
boss anyway because we need teleporters
I'm gonna work basically fucked spot you
know have you guys seen the curb mouse
keys no it is it Oh the group vows we
went bowling the other night and they
had a big billboard with like the top
bowlers and one of them was named Mike
Garbowsky no Joe no Joe great right
they're glad I helped skis right
was it did I first was that the first
thing I worked on with you guys or was
it was it pork pork I think would be the
barosky's yeah work was a little bit
later okay
this pork pork was yeah that was later
okay yeah those that was the first thing
you guys had me actin even though I told
you very insistently that I could not
act he said we don't care we need
someone happy and so I was Frank hammer
and I enjoyed that and then but oh that
same day we also shot the the one where
I was a talent director for the
diversity yeah we should oh okay well
that's right because it's over yeah cuz
I'm John Carter yeah that's right yeah
Oh Jay your thoughts on the Dumb and
Dumber trailer oh my god you know what
I've watched that trailer many times now
because I'm fascinated by it
and I had a hard time trying to figure
out what it was that disturbed me so
much about it because I find that
trailer to be pathetic and creepy and I
figured out what it was is the look of
it for one thing the lighting of it it's
very very bright and flat and it looks
like a cheap TV show and you have these
these 50 plus year old men that look
their age acting like small children and
and them doing that in this ugly flat
visual style is just the creepiest thing
in the world to me it looks horrifying
I'm not looking forward to delving
deeper to it looks creepy oh man and
also the jokes in it like the style the
first one the first one is kind of an
ugly movie lated like because the
settings are so drab like they live in
the shitty apartment but it kind of
feels like the real world there's a
couple jokes and like the worst jokes in
the movie or the the kind of goofy ER
ones like
aren't they when they're doing like the
pretty woman montage or he's got the
long toenails and they take the grinder
thing yeah and all those sparks like
that's not terribly funny but most of
the world it's it's that being goofy and
dumb and the rest of the world is normal
right and then this trailer like
everything looks goofy I don't know
where ever it's it's it's uh I'm trying
to think of a good example Ward just
because everyone's yelling it must be
funny there's like the end of the
trailer has an old woman convincing Jim
Carrey to stick his hand up her vagina
and then he pulls hand out of her vagina
and he blows and dusts blows off of his
hand and it's like what what yeah yeah
it's whore and it looks like a cheap set
looks like an SNL skit everything about
it is creepy and dumb in a bad way oh by
the way if anyone for the people
wondering where rich is he's playing the
game he's really and he's doing a great
job of it yeah oh yeah I'm good I handed
over the reins because I mean basically
he was just telling me what buttons to
press anyway so if the Farrelly Brothers
made a good movie since Miriam what I
what hearts and fear my brother is well
the only I'm gonna say all their movies
feel dated to me now I haven't watched a
lot of them in a long time the only one
that I still really like this kington
and I think kingpin is great
I could never hand it's just King faint
got too weird kingpin is like sleazy
that's why I like it I think it works
yeah and it is sleazy and that's why
it's just like I get you did it you did
it I just don't want us to look at it it
gets dark but ya know they haven't made
a good movie in a long time and their
style of humor is very dated to me they
kind of orbit comedy for a long time is
that says that after Something About
Mary was so huge like every movie was a
gross outside yeah
and there was no jokes it was just gross
out stuff yeah it was I'm gonna sell
boarding grandi yeah yeah there were so
many of those fairly brother ripoff
movies and they were all awful now I
would say probably until like the Judd
Apatow group kind of character and stuff
that's kind of a things get better as
far as comedy goes I think yeah I mean
say what you want about the appetite
movies because they kind of spawn their
own bad everybody's in the wake of that
you know it's tough like because you
know what the big the big one was 40
year old virgin and fucking hysterical
it is it absolutely is the the only
issue I have with his movies and you
know um someone like Adam McKay is I
like I like a story I like a little bit
of Ashlock I like I like a premise and
so they they're all improv and all just
two people talking and saying funny
things and I well the ones at work do
you have a story in addition to that
right like I think the furni old version
works as a story whereas some other ones
are like I I know a lot of people have
bridesmaids but to me that felt like I
think what I said about it is it feels
like there's a nice little 90-minute
comedy buried in it somewhere
okay yeah I don't edit their movies down
enough they leave everything in and
that's time you know especially because
they're all comedians in there they're
so used to that like I just want to keep
all the jokes and it's like just just
you know like Carell carried 40 year old
virgin who's his charisma that like
really locked in that character for me
and I don't think they've nailed that
mostly because I don't like Seth Rogen
in general yeah that's understandable
right I don't mind them but I can
understand why you wouldn't yeah like I
don't like him I don't like Jonah Hill
yeah you know they're the stars now so
um yep
why we just went off on a tangent about
comedy didn't we yeah well I hope you
guys don't mind
yeah that's fine it's fine everything's
fine super but you know what's super bad
was great like I really like pretty
focus
yeah and that was before we had enough
of Jonah Hill and by we I mean me it's a
personal thing yeah well no one really
knew it before that moving right and we
all have that hope so I mentioned the
state stellar group throughout the
double ops and yes I would agree I love
all those people yeah check out David
Wayne's new movie it's called they came
together I don't think it's out yet but
it'll be out soon I went to a film
festival screening of it and then I
laughed the entire way through oh my god
Annie it you got and and you might not
understand how brilliant that like the
early Stella Lyon web comedy was oh man
there was nothing like that on the
internet and they just fucking every oh
fuck that those early scholars Stella
shorts we're so fucking amazing well in
the show the company central show I
thought was great
yeah it looks good like yeah well shot
show for one thing sure I threw your cat
out the window I am sorry the show this
from the web show
is that from the website oh my god
that's good swear he just keeps throwing
shit out the window yeah yeah um I don't
want to talk about Game of Thrones I
think I've talked enough about Game of
Thrones where like if you're watching it
you probably have the same feelings as
me and if you're not yeah I'm not gonna
spoil anything
Tom shrap Lin and Amy Poehler wouldn't
approve of je liking Stella and that
hack Michael Showalter
well considering Amy Poehler's in a
movie that Michael Showalter road called
they came together I think it's a joke
maybe I'm missing sight big joke okay
you know what in my bedroom might be a
joke oh fuck
hey guys rich is still playing this game
don't you worry
James burrows is up you know like I
guess I will elaborate on my Game of
Thrones little thing I keep watching it
every week but I don't understand why
I'm horribly confused about who everyone
is and what their relationship is to
each other but there's usually decent
action and some boobs some dicks and
some really nice gore effects there's
always really nice gore effects and so I
watch it and my wife explains to me who
all the people are because she read the
books and I think next Sunday is the
season finale so I guess I'll watch it
I liked this last week's episode because
it all was in one place and I knew all
the people I knew who all the people
were so that's it that's no no no more
Game of Thrones Jack that's all anyone
ever wants to talk about is Game of
Thrones
not just down here on the internet but
in general in general it's true it's the
hot show right now
I have seen some Britt and Nick Britt a
Nick I don't even know what that is it's
a their web people they used to upload
to Funny or Die a lot when I was
watching a lot of Funny or Die videos
and the other funny they had a they had
a couple weird like technical issues
early on and so I never I've met I don't
follow them but I've seen a few of their
things and they seemed funny back in the
day
Dickson Gore fuck yeah right that's all
Dixon Dixon Gore that is all game throws
at boobs Dixon guard so and apparently
there's some story there two stories
just filler to get to the Dixon door
yeah Jack confirmed for liking dick I
like my dick does that count
that's worse yeah oh that's right that
let the last week's episode of Game of
Thrones had one of the best long take
shots I think I've ever seen Wow it was
a super long tracking dolly crane boom
during an action sequence perfect just
is it an actual one safety no or do they
use digital trickery it looks like an
actual one take okay yeah I know a lot
of people are talking about a true
detective did something evil long take I
haven't watched your detective yeah
we'll probably check it out eventually
are you gonna die
no no what's happening I'm just sitting
back this is all on the rails right now
this particular battle oh okay oh you
cuz you're in an asteroid field rich
just leaned back during that last fun I
assume the game was over his weapons
were disabled and my weapons were on
auto dude that's good breather
hello someone mentioned strangers with
candy yes off strangers with candy oh my
god Amy Sedaris is the best I'm
discovering now think about it most of
my favorite comedies are about horrible
horrible people strangers with candy I'm
really into he's found it down right now
I mentioned the movie kingpin earlier I
love movies and TV shows about just
awful human beings I want your opinion
okay give me the basic that quest marker
what what do we have - what was there
I don't remember that's on the far right
I don't think I don't think I can do it
you don't think you can make it down
that farm and and back to the exit
before the row complete catches up well
probably not if you could go distress
quest - fuck yeah um I think I'm just
just a fuckin hold it okay yeah I'm with
it
fuck it yes I've seen It's Always Sunny
in Philadelphia it's a funny show I got
kind of tired of it after a while but
it's good mmm yeah yeah really good show
I got a chance to shoot something with
Mac from It's Always Sunny
oh yeah Boeing Boeing chick chat video
when we went to LA I was before he got
fat right then he get fat for one season
oh yeah what part of the joke this is a
joke yeah is amazing but that was the
thing meeting up with him he was so cool
oh yeah like and literally we just we
accidentally ran into him and and our
producer knew like a guy he who was a
producer on the show and because the
always sunny people produce their own
show they don't need to go through any
bullshit red tape and so like they you
know like they write they edit yeah they
do all of the production on their
episodes and so we were just chatting
with him about doing the stupid bowling
trick shot and he's like like oh you
know it'd be great if we did it over a
car know the bowling ball landed on the
car and we're like fuck yeah that's
great he's like I got I got a car we use
it as a prop on the show we can hit
bowling balls
we can leave her bowling balls at it and
then he just started calling his
production people
he runs the company or you know like
they do the actual production yeah
and with everyone else it's like oh I
need to talk to my people and my agent
and well you know maybe we can do it
here but it has to be only five minutes
and he was fucking great he was a really
nice dude cool that's my story about
Mack what's his name is really
oh no the story's not gonna head well Oh
guys we're experienced we say don't be
like oh that's what experienced an audio
technical issue yeah what fuck the
stream will tell us what his real name
is I don't know he was a nice dude shit
he got away what's his name this isn't
oh I could still make it that's good I
don't know whatever his real name is
someone's gonna tell me what his name is
in a little bit
Oh someone's asking about Tim Heidecker
um he contacted us actually on Twitter
it made it Twitter me made a tweet but
just said how do I get in touch with the
red letter media guys and so a bunch of
people you know got him in touch with us
and we've never heard from him again
well he was he was coming no that
actually no this was on her way to get
me on the show he just contacted us just
in general
mm-hm and then a couple months later she
was gonna be playing a show in Milwaukee
so he said hey do you want to be on an
episode of the show and he came by her
studio and we shot his bit in one hour
because he had to get to the venue for
the show no he was here with Heidecker
and would write with his band no no he
was doing stand-up oh yeah Neil
hamburger duh
what's his face the yo-yo guy yeah so
they were new and we shot his bit an
hour
we have no crew we just shot it super
quick and then I haven't quickly rushed
him to the venue and then we saw others
damn this one oh I say I say stay green
all right like Angie well we've already
been to a ninja homeworld right oh my
homeworld
that's Mexico thank you thank you yes
I'd like I'd like another weapon you
know yeah I'd like I would like some
shit like we don't have do you have
teleporters no no like we don't have
anything to defeat the last ship I'll
see what happens with scrap stay green
stay green Ponyboy you're doing great
you are doing great yeah we have 70
missiles only because we don't have a
missile launcher even if I could sell
all of them I would but you know if we
can find a cheap missile one like that
would be great that would be great
all they're offering they're offering
four missiles in exchange for one fuel
how do I tell them to fuck off you can't
sell me where's where's in politely
decline right I have forgotten max real
name only because it's been a couple of
years and I don't want to over sunny
anymore cos it's it's a funny show oh
yeah I've always really enjoyed it agree
with a comment that says if you think
Tim is talentless then you need to see
the comedy he's very good that movie
ain't getting any scrap you thinking
jack shit this go-around I'm sorry I'm
sorry like what the fuck's he talking
about what's going on I don't know
what's going on Cronenberg or classic
Cronenberg I go with classic I like the
body horror stuff I rewatched Dead
Ringers and the fly recently I'm able so
good oh the fly fly it's so great oh
that's a nasty ass ship sorry sorry
how dare you derail our random ramblings
with playing the game during the games
rich and I have been following III we
just just before we we went live we shot
our official III episode and if things
work out which they probably won't we
will will have an e3 episode up by
Friday whoever said the fly is overrated
is nuts by the way the fly is almost a
perfect movie overrated yeah and unless
someone called it a great pornography
then that then it could be overrated
sounds like oh man the fly yeah that's a
really great porno got me super hard and
you know what that is somebody's fetish
that door I'm sure I have to come
frontal fly oh yeah I could watch and
vomit to that movie all the time as Joe
Bob Briggs once said it's the perfect
movie to gross out your little sister
yeah and it's just a depressing
wonderful love story that's a great
movie mm-hmm you know nothing like a
depressing love story for all the people
spamming all the Rick and Morty stuff I
saw the first episode of Rick and Morty
and yes it seemed really fun and I'm
into that sort of humor and that sort of
cartoon stuff I just haven't seen any I
haven't seen I'm sure it's a really
funny show yeah yeah yeah I'm sure it's
really funny I dig that sort of comedy
but you know I don't know what else we
can say about it so thank you for first
person thank you for pointing this thing
out that everybody has pointed out yeah
yeah Oh what will space cat be rated I
won't be you're not you're not gonna
submit it to the ratings board probably
probably are just for it'll be the
swearing of an R yes for swearing but
yeah just for shits and giggles you're
not gonna submit it mr. bean to thing
ourselves we don't care oh sure I know
you don't care but I mean why not have
an official what is that MPAA I have an
official MPAA rating
like co-star in space Catholic in the
original yes
what's my character's name agent Cooper
okay well they soup up your engine for
free
ah maybe Oh would enter a mantis
remember Oh
I mean listen you have you don't you're
lacking crew and if you get two minutes
per members in a teleporter you can have
two mantis crew fighters all right all
right this is on say this is I'm saying
space captain knew two scenes yes it's
me you you may see a close-up of my
unzip fly yeah that's the best you're
gonna get nice now Cooper is not a
reference to twenties it's just a
coincidence
oh you know I yeah I didn't even put
that together yeah yeah there you go
I didn't come up with the name Mike did
Mike does not watched when Peaks yeah
hmm - I could see that I guess I'm Jack
you're on is Jay in space cop yes
that's all we're going to tell you about
my character we can't give away - hold
and right Jay why is it why is it that
you're acting in space Cup because I
work cheap
what why is it that nobody else would do
it that's not a joke why do you think it
is them no not that nobody else could do
is that we couldn't find it well I said
would do good good that's and that's not
to say I'm a great actor or anything but
we could not find anybody anybody that
worked for my particular role so it's
just like I'm always around anyway I'm
not always gonna be on the set let's
just have me do this part can we get
confirmation that Jay has been jogging
yes what do you want they like it you're
looking jacked you're looking jacked and
it's paying off well thank you
thank you for calling me Jack Jack you
know what a welcome new look Jade Jade
it's not weird no it does that makes me
think of that movie with David Caruso no
okay yeah no you look Jack hanging with
mr. Cooper why would you mention that
the answer is yes whatever your question
whatever your question is yes absolutely
I watched this shit out of hanging with
mr. Cooper because that's all that was
on TV like I'm she was like channel 18
or whatever when you when you when you
don't have cable yeah you watch those
shows live shows it's probably on at
4:00 in the afternoon
yeah no hanging with mr. Cooper the the
Oh what was what else was on the the one
with the very large black lady
Moishe I watched the shit out of Moishe
oh yeah that's great that was great
why is it so hard to find good actors in
Milwaukee because it's Milwaukee doesn't
Milwaukee what good actors go to the
bigger cities yes you can find good
actors probably in New York definitely
LA definitely always everybody is trying
to be an actor in LA yeah just a small
you go to Milwaukee when you want to be
forgotten about to die I will say though
we have found some good actors in
Milwaukee we had took a long that was
actually one of the biggest holdups in
working on space cop was finding the
right people because there was a lot of
very specific types of roles in the
movie so it took some time but there
there it's just you know you just don't
have as big of a a pool of pool yeah
that's that's really it
and you know like sometimes you can even
find like a good actor but you just
can't work with them yeah and you know
like the chemistry's not there you're
not you know you're not saying the right
thing and then so you know in a bigger
city you have shit you have your pick of
the litter but do you know any metal
stuff right you know I think I sold much
stuff for the problems there's nothing
useful there oh well shit I need a clone
Bay and microphone you know I'm looking
for things that will do well against the
last boss I say fuck it and just like
build up you like have you built up your
engines at all yeah yeah I haven't
ignored that okay I'm gonna fix
everything okay and this is this is the
current ship stats
oh nice that's pretty good yeah yeah
what about stuff like your auto evade oh
I can I can I want to hold on to
describe the case I find a store okay
and there's like I mean I'm the last
boss I would like teleporter yeah we
don't have a teleporter
you're having this fun conversation and
I'm like sweating well god what do I do
this is really nice because people can
get the gameplay if the conversation
gets boring and yes this is kind of nice
what Oh what game at e3 has me most
excited none
anything that's not anything you have to
think about that anything that's not a
sequel or a remake what was that there
were two that we were really because I
don't know man wasn't no man no man's
land which is looks like a fucking
gorgeous space game and and Grim
Fandango remake has me excited just to
play it against your curious about the
new shooting game just because it's a
suit of 51 game the trailer look well
you couldn't tell anything about the
game based on the trailer but it's Souda
I didn't really like him what was the
squid game again can we forget Oh squid
game splatoon look that looks decent
yeah but I'm not super excited either
nothing at goddamn III looked fun no all
of your fucking Xbox games are some
bland shitty fucking sci-fi shooter
bland fests no fucking sense of style
and no fucking sense of humor no man's
sky no man's sky no man's sky looks was
was the only exciting idea I saw at
fucking e3 it's all correct it's all
crap pretty much looks really
interesting splatoon is Nintendo's take
on a first-person multiplayer online
shooter where instead of guns you spray
ink on stuff and it's your objective to
have more ink on the map at the end of
the at the end of the round we make
violent games right there more but I
just think of Nintendo as being more
kiddie than some of the other video game
systems that's a reputation then the
game is Nintendo makes themselves yeah
but other people can and do make games
that go on
yeah okay that's right like like no more
heroes was we only game and you can like
chop people in half
of course coins and blood fly out yeah
yeah but it's my life
Oh what was a man something mad Maximum
Overdrive was that no no no it's just on
the week there was a I was like a
black-and-white stylized action yeah
fuck and I can't remember it was black
and white with with just blood yeah yeah
there's like SimCity esque so what there
wasn't shades of grey which is like
right that's right alright game pauses
yeah like stuff like shovel knight or
any of like the indie games that were
announced during the Sony or Xbox it's
like those games you can already play on
PC shovel knight you can't yeah but I'm
really excited about shovel Knight I'm
good I got it for Team mad world thank
you thank you thank you ad world oh yeah
yeah I know an eternal darkness that
like there was a lot of good stuff out
there for you like GameCube and Wii um
Jack have you ever talked to Edmund
McMillen since you're a fan of his games
and he's a fan of rlm we we had a little
Twitter back and forth
apparently the t-shirt I was wearing was
not official was not an official binding
of issac t-shirt and I felt really bad
about that and he said he would sent me
a t-shirt but he never did but that's
that's not a big deal
that's not a big deal he has other stuff
to do and so I'm okay with that
Oh guys we have to remove skeleton
apparently ah
the roof the retron 5 which is now out
in limited releases looks really great
anything that gets me to play like Game
Boy and Game Boy Advance games on the
big screen is great I want to say it's
its NES Super NES in Genesis Game Boy
Advance all with an HDMI out all-in-one
console we can play the original
cartridges it looks really neat
I have heard reports that it is very
flimsy it is made a very cheap thin
plastic and so that kind of concerns me
for how expensive it is but the retron
looks good we don't have one it's that I
don't know oh yeah Evan Bayonetta 2 like
that it looks fine like the first
Bayonetta game was fun if you're into
that sort of hack and slash 3d combo
fighter thing it's not generally my bag
but I'm glad to see that Nintendo is
getting some good third-party support
that's good
okay serious question are any of you
guys actually excited for the JJ Abrams
star that is a very serious no no
excited I'm not ready we'll see I'm
mildly curious I think they're going to
be competent yeah what I keep saying is
that they will be pleasant they will
they will try and hit all the right
beats that will make people that like
classic Star Wars not get upset and they
will be pleasant and watchable is when
sumption that's a good problem with JJ
Abrams is that he's never had a good
scripts I think he's a fine director but
every movies made is that a horrible
script so I hate it all comes down to
this
alright what's gonna
huh what's going on oh we just I'm a
sour monster yeah it's all gonna be fine
that that's my assumption is that it'll
all be a daggoo it but you know you
never know we'll see I'm not dreading it
but I'm also not terribly excited damn
yeah
oh my god you're here we are now at the
last sector I cannot believe you pulled
that out I'm good at FTS this is true
this is really true I didn't I we don't
we don't we don't have the kind of a
ship layout I'd like I'd love to have a
fucking teleporter yeah teleport it
would really be helpful but you know
what there's a couple stores oh my god
you you've got some achievements here
you arrived at an outpost close to the
Federation base your access codes get
you past the initial security and our
officer sets up a direct feed to the
Federation bases war room Admiral Tully
speaks first sing what is the meaning of
this
who are you the only option explain your
mission your explanation is met with
murmurs of cynicism and disbelief among
the officers general terzo of the ng
brigade speaks up
Intel suggests potential counter to
rebel technology risk all or save none
explain the weakness of the enemy fleet
the rebel flagship tilly responds it's
settled the rebels will be here in a
matter of moments we will do what we can
to hold off their warships but you must
succeed in destroying this flagship your
current outpost can provide some repairs
and fuel and the other repair stations
can provide aid as well good luck 10
fuel 10 fuel full hold repair that's
super nice
so now you got to get to the ship before
it destroys the home is this is a
different setup all right see where it's
going we need to talk about some
strategy yeah jack do you yeah to be on
the last planet that last sector uh we
got a free fire being nice I have a lot
there might be a store somewhere in the
sector
I would love a teleporter yeah but those
two fucking meant we can't get it though
the shield's on the last ship are a real
fucking bitch yeah you got plenty of
lasers to wear down the shield that a
fire and a fire beam could do a lot here
here's the deal though okay no the burst
laser shoots three at a time
yeah the chain laser shoots too right
enemy the flagship has four shields
right assuming nothing misses and
something will oh you can only knock out
one little bit at a time
sure with this build we are fucked for
the final boss absolutely except for the
the special cannon but that's the only
thing that's gonna do any damage
sure okay all right we can hope to run
across the store and find a teleporter
okay we can sync everything we have into
shields and the engine and hopefully we
can stay alive long enough for the
special laser to do damage on the
flagship okay what do you want to go
with give us out ginger you hope we find
a store and a teleporter yeah it's a
long shot let's do it
we got we have some time um so we don't
have this nice thing about the
Federation cruisers though we got that
shield ignoring laser yeah yeah no that
is nice I like our setup I like our
lasers and fire beam that's gonna do
good but let's just see if we have a
couple jumps to get closer anyway so
don't don't spend anything else better
LAN now if you think you can make it
through a couple fights that's the real
question
ain't gonna jump in a time one jump
don't spend anything
come on Joe what let's save this crew
all right I didn't take a restroom break
right that's okay I actually there
there's an interesting question about
whether we prefer Indy style
I started filmmaking is concerned or if
we would ever consider like a Hollywood
position apparently they are film
students oh and I had some interesting I
had I had a thought about I don't I will
not call it an interesting thought
because who knows if it's interest so
there's very there's two very different
ways the way we do it here
we do everything writing acting editing
lighting microphones cleaning up
afterwards absolutely everything and
that's really nice because that means
you get to control exactly what people
see the downside is you don't really
specialize in anything and so like in
the Hollywood system you have one guy
and that guy's only job is to make sure
that the sound is really great yeah you
got one guy and his only job is to make
sure that everything is lit really well
that's very nice as someone who hates
lighting and sound just to have someone
there to take care of that is really
great and on the only downside is that
costs a lot of money and so then someone
whoever pays that money gets to have
control over everything and so there are
pros and there are cons to both and
there are people who I know who have
done very well in Hollywood and really
enjoy the system because they found
their little niche you know like I know
a sound guy and that's all he does is he
does sound and that's his thing yeah and
he's very happy I know people who are
you know writers and directors and
that's what they do you know it's not
necessarily my thing
because I like to do weird little things
yeah Jay what do you think pretty much
similar you know I've seen a lot of
movies that are super low budget
independent
things that are sloppy but way more
entertaining than most of the bigger
movies
I think someone mentioned in the stream
earlier a stir on six there's a company
they made a movie called manborg which
is amazing about Father's Day and these
are their movies that are rough around
the edges but they're there they're not
movies that would exist in any other way
other than just the small group of
people saying hey let's make those and
so yeah I and honestly I don't think I
would survive in like the Hollywood
system like just because that's not the
way we work right like we're constantly
changing things all the time space cop
we've been rewriting as we make it and
say like I always should do this and try
that it's almost like improvisational
filmmaking and that's the kind of thing
that interests me and you can't really
do that in the larger system so okay
yeah and I don't I don't know if there's
some people might interpret like the way
we talk is some like a bitter like oh
they couldn't make it people think if
they make stuff that especially film
that your goal is to be like a big
Hollywood filmmaker right just because
you're making stuff and it's like I no
interest in that this is a creative
outlet that expanded yeah what this is
yeah yeah very crew ya know and it's you
know people's idea you know success is a
relative term so people's idea of making
it is very different to me having
freedom is success and we can make
whatever the hell we want right yeah and
I enjoy that if we keep just stay on
this level and not have to worry about
real jobs again I would be happy I'd
like to make a big movie I would know I
would like more money to work with I
would like to write a big movie really
yeah mmm I don't want to make a big
movie because I think that would be a
terrible pain in the ass I would like to
write a big movie now
I used to write more I don't write that
much anymore
mm you know why too busy making shit
can't write when you're making something
I would like to make something that
somebody else wrote oh and that's
something I might look into in the
future
oh my oh man we're in control mind
control will fuck you up
I'm good not here as fast as I can fuck
it I don't need to scrap uh I I mean I'm
interested in seeing James Rawls's movie
I knew about it and he is a I think
we've talked about this not none of us
have really seen much of his internet
show I didn't seen anybody's stuff well
yeah I don't watch other people's
internet things I'm aware of him and I I
saw a show of his and I wasn't terribly
like excited about it but being that he
is another Internet person who is making
a feature-length movie in that illicitly
high-budget movie right yeah like a
million dollars I think it's under that
but I therefore I'm I'm interested in
seeing his movie when it comes out yeah
and you know I don't know I mean like I
said I'm not fan does Milwaukee run the
rap game fuck yeah it does you know more
about that than me
Milwaukee rep I I really enjoy us
there's some really good Milwaukee
hip-hop artists one two one two can't
front
the no half-stepping crew that's who I
roll with the no half-stepping crew it
sounded like words they weren't words
but when you put them together in that
order I don't know what you can't
problem now I have stepping through us
I'm sorry for being quiet but I'm gonna
I'm gonna be really desperate battle
from my life and the survival of the
Federation you're doing great
I'm having a great time just watching
what you're doing and watching the
channel if there's a question directed
at you we will tell you okay
you know what I know we're saving up but
I want doors there were stores where my
doors jack is so wife this is true not
only am I am I so very white I'm whiter
than white I I have very little rhythm
and I fucking love whoo Tang Clan they
ain't nothin to fuck with find a rebel
Shh
oh Christ are you turning oh no worries
I've made I made a couple hip-hop music
videos that I've really enjoyed and all
of all of the artists when they meet me
they all laugh at me and I'm not
exaggerating and you know like I'll talk
to them about like the thing I want to
make the music video I want to make for
them and and they'll just be like how
are you real baby
they don't understand how someone as
white as me can really enjoy hip-hop
music but I do it makes me it makes me
here Jack is bleach is true here we go
okay the base is located I don't think I
can win he's gonna get to the base
before I can no no you go there yeah you
beat him here but there's okay owners he
has to be at the base for three
consecutive Powell is that it yeah okay
do they change that or sis just I don't
know I don't know I don't know if they
change this battle at all the same guy
so the first one is just how you
remember it this is a second one is
hacking is the drones they still do the
drones and then I want to say the third
one there's like boarding drones that's
you don't have a drone thing he's got a
hacking thing he doesn't have a drone
thing Oh
this is different this is different oh
shit I forgot to upgrade the show you
forgot to upgrade this shit don't read
the ship right before this right Jevons
all right all right that's okay
okay all right they got my doors who
cares about that all right that's fine
things nobody cares
everyone's favorite Jimmy John's
sandwich number 10 that's the hunters
glove that's a fine sandwich I think my
new favorite is the number four on the
wish oh I like the unwish beyond which
you do lectures are good you know I'm
tired of bread
yeah isn't general I like to fuck bread
Oh bread just in general
yeah bread just bread as a whole J
confirmed for fucking bread bread I like
literally I like their sandwich any of
their sandwiches with bacon like the
turkey bacon or the ham and bacon one I
like I really like those but yeah number
10 just a big slab of roast beef another
great shit that's really great oh I'm so
very sorry I'm very sorry
Jimmy gams trance rich may be that
although a second objection that's the
only advice I can offer bottle cleaner
that's in this room for some reason came
from gotta take out that fucking rocket
launcher that's the one that's the one
gotta take it away we concentrate I
gotta take it out
you got this fucking is cloaking to it's
alright hey do you watch the best of the
worst movies all in a row yes which is
why we usually seem miserable by the hmm
that's generally the week we'll watch
the movie we shoot the opening stuff for
the boxes then we watch all movie all
three movies straight through and then
we shoot our discussion afterwards we
generally shoot everything all in one
day that everything miss God how much
that chain lasers ready to go again the
wall if you gotta wait I guess yeah
though those are fucking long days yeah
they can be especially when the movies
are terrible a lot of times they're fun
though yeah we just shot one the other
day that was a fun fun episode um we're
starting to get in the habit we used to
do the tape destruction that same night
too but that by that point would be late
and we'd all be slap-happy so we're
starting to do where we shoot those a
different day where we can take our time
and make them a little more entertaining
red blaster wants to know what happened
to game station 2.0 you're fucking
watching it done this is game station
brief here here already yeah alright
oh nice nice yeah wish I have rid of my
shit before now you can this dreams been
going on for a long time now and it
doesn't feel like it
yeah really hands better we've just been
hanging out I guess kind of what that's
kind of we do you came in a little later
this time you did that's alright that's
alright as long as people are still here
we'll go for a while I don't leave
people still care I mean what I think we
might try for a binding of issac it's
getting it's getting late it's 11:00
already but rich is I mean he's in good
shape so we might still try binding of
issac later just cuz it's a game I
really enjoy I don't know I don't know
if rich can come down
we're gonna do this shit god dammit well
rich driving the car around with the
tape behind it that was fun that was
ridiculous is that the same night that
we were watching the Corey Feldman music
video over and over yes section
millennium music video oh the greatest
thing because everything goes wrong in
it
so it's supposed to be if you haven't
seen it go to youtube and watch pouring
cauldrons just thinking about it fills
me with joy all meant to be a one-shot
thing with all this you know
choreography and everything goes wrong
oh it is the cluster east of bucks if
such a thing right you got this oh now
he's got going before I got rich you
gotta remember you gotta remember that
bad yeah that's always my pride trust me
jack oh listen I'm fresh '''l okay you
are doing great I'm just saying it just
in case cuz someone forgot to upgrade
their ship last time and so I'm just not
here - no I'll take that um we are we're
not going to prank call Mike no I'm just
gonna put that out there it's a funny
idea ah well you can't prank call him
cuz he would know our numbers that's
true I'm gonna walk down the street and
go to the pay phone and by the way it
still exists then he wouldn't answer
he's no mystery about those wonderful
boarding drones
yeah oh yeah the airplane safety
Jimmy clorium levels so it's kind of
funny you guys have done better
did you know did we really have nine
different ninja movies we did we did we
were actually gonna list them all off
and then we for whatever reason we
didn't do it and by the way that was
nine that we picked from a larger
selection in Jinja movies and we
specifically picked ones that all hit
ninja in the title so when you write
them off on a list it would be funny did
you see other word ninja over and over
yeah oh my god oh my god are you fucked
oh yeah none yeah no I can't take him
out Mara overage your oxygen doesn't
have any jams I know it doesn't oh he
knows people um I'm running I'm running
a tight ship here okay okay hey I'm just
telling I tell them people are telling
me to tell you this is not easy three
hours so it's already good you made it
to the second stage of the last boss the
last box has three stages doesn't not
have a good loadout for taking him on no
which is the major I don't know if we've
already talked about this in stream this
is the major downside of this game is
the end boss is completely different
than any other fight in the game it's
okay I like the battle I really do
sure but I just but the weapons you need
that are specifically strong against the
end boss aren't necessarily strong
against everyone else in the
teleporters let's find a drunk ship
teleporters are great III you know what
I get a lot of drivers there's two
things I like against the end of
teleporters yeah
ion bless take a shields down oh oh yeah
you can hit them with anything should
have kept the flak cannon you know what
that would have helped a lot you think
yeah yeah I I mean I that was some call
three hits per Fleck yeah that would
have taken a shield down and then some
and we still would have had a laser I'm
sorry I'm sorry I had to make that call
the fucking gatling cannon fucking
sucked
you think yeah oh this is one this is
why you're much better at this game to
me I like I like to do pew people I like
the people use guys any other game yeah
we're gonna take a break we're gonna run
a commercial and I'm still awake how do
you feel I'm sad we're gonna see we're
just a that's a 4:00 in the morning he's
fine we're gonna see if we can cheer
Jevons up a little bit see if I can find
another energy drink and and we're gonna
play a little binding of issac how does
everybody have to say about my stunning
defeat they're blaming me they're
blaming me getting rid of the double
flat can yeah black hen was fucking
great
I'm sorry it's fucking great it was to
fly cannons would have been great to
flak cannons are burst laser would have
exchanged this little thing around yeah
yeah
okay well okay we're gonna yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna mute the mics we're
gonna run an ad that will be back in
like give us five minutes I might need
to run and get an energy drink
