Episode 003
Shadow Over Sweat Pants
July 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDLWT9kA-78
___________________________________________

I didn't do table right here Oh table
does to line up but that was the worst
no no a breath of fresh air or a brush
of fresh fresh of breath air and I'm so
sorry for pointing that out but I
thought it was too funny I usually don't
like to keep rich isms and in our videos
but that one was too good you cut out
the part where I immediately corrected
myself I absolute you keeping the
correcting that's not funny the only
reason I kept in fresh of breath air is
because we got to do our little quote
box that's the and so coming coming back
to a shuttle of Rome at oh um all right
let me up take this dream here
this is a game that I think doesn't get
enough love okay
eddo room okay comes up er they also the
only people live streaming shadow of
Rome right now alright casting I can
start this yes we are broadcasting
shadow of Rome third playing Joey maybe
odds ever be
over hell
I just I'm not drinking coffee and I'm
feeling a little yeah can't hear any of
the crowd noises they can but I can
they're doing right this is a a
gladiator game or at least part of its a
gladiator game we're playing the
gladiator parts the the crowd is a
factor in the gameplay it's like you're
trying to impress the crowd more so than
just winning okay like you get the crowd
really excited by doing different things
like they don't like you get so many
points we're just normally stabbing
somebody when you get like bless every
time you do it okay so to get the crowd
excited need to bury up your attacks and
do flashy things and when they're really
excited you can hold your hands up the
air and appeal to the crowd and they'll
throw you like health and weapons all
right so it's like it's like Tony Hawk
pro skater meets gladion yes and weird
things will get them going to like you
can start thinking where are we at
there's another one who's been a little
off since I played this oh there's just
saying the idea sounds like crap ah fuck
it one doesn't the audio you guys
fucking the idea is gonna be fun oh oh
you're playing it okay you're that guy
okay
yeah yeah hit him in the face
whoa can you play as that guy no that's
you know I need a weapon
whoo there you go oh that's not how you
get a weapon however you're going about
it you're doing it wrong session really
that you sold that Bigfoot I was sure
remove skeleton statue
oh my god weapon for me oh yeah oh
that's a cool I like those those are my
favorite kinds of weapons and games like
maces and clubs
I like bashing do you think the crowd
will like it that you're running away
and being a big pussy yeah I suck so
much I don't remember what he had the
buttons do there we go there on the
weather brings
oh you posted already yeah if you're
born with watching rich faileth this
game there are go to our YouTube channel
there already tell us they're already
swimming oh my god that guy's fucking
arm off doesn't matter I was watching
you yep gotta go to the YouTube channel
up side over to video go to the red
letter media dot YouTube / org slash
your again people want I'm meeting some
guy with a separate arm that's awesome
killed the crowd then they send me a big
fucking axe so someone brought that to
the arena apparently yes
someone brought that giant ass it's a
fucking video game I know I'm just I'm
just trying to get into logic where
someone was like oh if I really like a
guy I'm gonna throw him this axe that
seems have a good yeah we're gonna get
around to playing like Mario Kart we do
have an n64 here and I think what huh
someone sent us an incision oh that's
right it's in button in the box oh yeah
but I believe Josh wants to play that
we're waiting to work on Josh's schedule
because he wants to play some Goldeneye
and I wanna play some gold man with him
Oh rich you probably want to use some
pine resin it's resin that was a
something again from Dark Souls it gives
you J when's the next time lapse video
coming out you hack front do they mean
not including the one that just came out
they mean the next next one
um we're actually doing the time-lapse
of the stream right now in the room yeah
it'll be will be up after this actually
can I just have a bets actually I think
you would sound less of us sitting here
and getting up and sitting down yeah I
know it actually gave me got a funny
maybe we'll do that maybe we'll do that
yeah we could do that I could stick like
my GoPro time left and it will seem like
we don't move the entire time we move
around quite a bit so we'll just be lots
of City and oh this game is called
shadow of Rome and it's a gladiator game
or the Shivaya station to bring the
stream Oh
little team that up for me
I don't even know how
because you have a streaming channel on
a different incentive
yes that's how we do the Christmas
embrace tree so you from your channel
you could scream ending the hiya you're
here so here's what you would do you
would stream the video because everyone
keeps asking for like a face cam but you
would stream the video of us plan a
whole different thing yes it does look
like there are spikes and
do you think there will be any more we
love the worst episodes absolutely none
more you know I don't know how often
jack will be involved with them anymore
Jay's still mad because I broke the
wheel no not that I just know that you
hate the wheel SOS has convinced me oh
you would be up for another I would be
up for another wheel I'd be ready for
disappointment
that was real that was tough but but
yeah SOS oh my god you did you throw
ahead and they loved it that's great
yeah SOS is the thing that convinced me
that the wheel was worth doing
seeing that building with joy back to
lazy to help at the studio breakdown
absolutely
jack is actually in that time-lapse
video for life two seconds look hold up
the wall when he got here I did it came
to the studio and before I set up this
dream Jay asked me then basically if
somebody comes to the studio we will put
them to work yeah sure
oh is there any news on the UH narrable
best of the worst is it now or no one's
even touched it too busy with other
other stuff that we plan on posting
why you don't see Mike very much in the
new time-lapse
Alice I don't know Enzo is an idler yes
yes I did the Battle Royale
okay so now we treat elimination sure
[Applause]
oops um was asking about the curio rich
it's not it's not a bookshelf it's a
curio we it was on the very first we
broke it completely on the very first
half of the bag
if we just keep putting it back together
it is in horrible shape right now but
we're gonna continue to use it a couple
props and a bit on that set some very
beginning let me just keep airing it
okay so what do I do
terone the order that you know I'd have
the big mace okay what buttons do what
then
um just see the the by your health meter
up in the top is the the square and the
X down ones in different hand you'll
have one thing on one hand the other in
there okay hold that you hold it down
for a stronger attack those audio is
getting off come - Mike's too far away
from me maybe I don't know I don't know
it's all spawning people you know what
guys oh and lock-on is our one
first-person view which your everybody
uses are too narrow
I don't I think you're just just moving
but your wire locked I'm just moving
left or right gives you a quick burst at
first okay alright let's go oh I - you
just you just picked a weapon without
looking
you guys I did it
hey sit down Jack slam-bang they're
saying we'll get better audio if I sit
on your lap what how do you know I'm not
be more work forward an X that's like a
thrusting stab with them how do i lock
on again okay punch punch
oh there fuck you guys yeah ripped out
of the Grandpa shield okay oh oh oh my
oh my oh the games you like are weird
about this did you see what just
happened you just you just threw guy how
do I do this
zero pick it up and as you're a circle
with hammers call the truth oh fuck you
aero guys okay
so shield
ow ow ow really guys there fuck you fuck
you fuck you that I am not good at this
game run away did you stab him stab and
run away I what oh I can do that yeah
well I want to fucking do that buster
I don't care no oh
action Oh apparently I posted the wrong
video on the Facebook page
did you I just prepared that people
settle down everything will be okay now
the other side I don't know oh oh it's
on the other side we'll get down I have
to climb down low door I can't touch
jump if you get knocked off
oh no there was someone up there look
this game really huh you don't like
anything Jay I like a lot I like
everything
know what this is a bad game
what okay come here ladies bed Deena's
you don't know how to play it
come here lady pan there so lady Tita
Utah fuck you fuck you how do i do
things
fuck I'm just gonna hit you with my
shield three-hit fury Beach let's go
first strike chin attack domino effect
yeah yeah yeah it's like a plane no not
doom what's that quake it was quake was
there like killstreak murder murder look
fuck everything I need a thing Emma
thing you're terrible you're gonna die
well I mean sword sword sword how do I
kill him he was down why didn't I kill
him that's something I had him down I
won't take abuse forever huh sword sword
sword
I think the Crown's exciting enough you
can hit square our next together in hey
turkey beats squirty it's pretty didn't
your vet hand
turkey leg there go guess what I got I
got him I got him I got and oh uh oh I
just punched him in the nuts punching
the nuts keep doing that hey punch punch
oh good people like it when I punch em
in the nuts
punch in the Nats whippin trigger
guess what Beach my weapon now oh it did
it oh you you fucking you hold that down
you'll do a strong attack it'll probably
break one of the cards how fuck you you
big fuck oh fuck you fuck you fuck you
you don't like it when I kill this guy
yay now you like this game huh now you
like to get well murder is fun and punch
punch punch and punch oh I don't want to
do here March mesh game murder do the
crowd nope I'll take care this Biddy
first nope I'll end up triangle is too
full
oh my good girl weapon destroy it hey
don't take my cheese bitch my cheese
yeah she tried to take my cheese do some
more
you somewhere - okay hi I feel good
about this
all right let's go punch punch or is
this bitch come on
imma get you oh she's clever down okay
you honky Jesus Christ Erma she find you
this is violence no no that's fine is
offensive that was kind of Awesome oh
why are all these guys running get a
weapon okay you know what rich that's a
good idea what's this it's glazed yeah
yeah I got a Gladius yeah Oh Roman stab
punch Oh
what's happening if you're saying
anyplace oh my god you can do that too
oh yeah yeah
I just want to fight one at a time I
really wish it was slice wrath of the
gods
yeah murder murder kill streak I'm just
gonna say stuff guys sorry I'm a little
caffeinated right now
oh oh I did it during the battle that's
got to get me extra goodies pick it up -
oh sure danger you're doing that I get
it
what another weapon the yellow bar under
them I can't I can't do a wheeled uh no
I'm on there's certain weapons that are
like right-handed weapons and some that
are left in
get caught on my jam yeah get out here I
don't a triangle yeah I know what no
punches I mean I'm probably gonna die
probably good diet hey that's a mean
know what I mean that's just us it's
army a running joke of your life is not
a mean is it you're probably right I
don't know day the one that's in the
ground Oh want to murder them with my
fists that's good pick them back up to
murder him with my fists fatal blow then
do it
hey wait grow food bitches I mean food
oh no I need food holy Lord
wipe it kicks ass they're gonna drag it
behind you it's right again training I
would much rather have right hand
oh you're tired from holding that thing
is kinda my soul is dead do the heavy
attack and you were gonna cut somebody
in half oh there you go
each sculptor that's what I think
everybody holy the Lord Jesus
I approve why does the name of those
good shadow of Rome okay yeah this is
really violent alright alright you've
good the game has convinced me good job
everyone
I'll sing back needs food badly we had a
giant tub of cheese balls go eat though
that's coming no I I had dinner cuz it
was a joke because I'm skinny
oh the back should I've put on Allah got
a little out of control I was taking too
many cheat day
nya bad that'll happen but you lose the
weight and you're like I gotta have this
I can have the head over then you just
put it back on we'll be up against Tiger
virtual killing machines who want
nothing more than to dine on your flesh
nice
no I guess there's also somewhere in
this game and looking boss battle really
yeah I don't know we want to get out of
elephant and the guy who's writing it
okay look at my options here for okay
Gladius is a sword scimitar which is
like you can cut arms off easy but that
one but its weak okay
and here's this option a real man needs
no weapons that's right alright we're
going with it punch people to death oh
wait I'm fighting Tigers Oh
yeah oh you guys you get you get more
points for going in bare fisted roman
blitzkrieg yeah fuck you Tyger Tyger
Tyger Tyger shirtless yoga string you do
yoga J I don't do me honestly know
nothing about yoga what is the point of
anything stretching its just stretching
restricting you stretching another
exercise
I don't want to just sit there and
stretch I want to be moving I did
Cruelty to Animals whatever works they
do need to remake this game this is
wonderfully violent
yeah the controls are they feel a little
wonky and I'd like I would like like a
better combo indicator
well what kills this game of we're
skipping this is terrible student
section oh yeah that's like it's like a
third of the game but the arena stuff
the arena stuff seems really fun the
combat is not perfect it's it's it's a
different type of combat than your ultra
fluid button mash shoot got for stop
yeah oh yeah no got a gun for is like a
different but even like I don't know it
doesn't feel you need to know a little
bit about what you're doing it's a
little clunky but it's nice it's fun
people are saying yoga is relaxing I
don't want to relax
hey do whatever you want to do people
team bell but I think this one I'm sorry
for dissing yoga lobe is your thing we
we would like to apologize for our
controversial remarks about yoga can I
learn from this experience and grow and
develop as human beings together oh yeah
don't they have that kind of yoga that's
like Oh God where it's like yoga but
they turn up the thermostat so
everyone's that's there well that sounds
miss oh I don't want like you know what
I'm into guys I'm gonna get into really
exciting sir I just wanna do a little
heads up I'm into body weight
I do this thing where like I do
handstands and shit and it's awesome and
I have I made myself my little stool
area where I can hold myself up like a
gymnast that's what I do I'm in doing I
got I don't got any muscles because I
often skip days because I'm lazy but
when I workout then your head I'm part
of the glutes
they have to kill the other team statues
okay I've barely been paying attention
really dad
other than the violin part oh my lord
I got then shot view and dude
absolutely the best thing about yoga is
women who wear yoga pants
oh my god that's our opinions and that's
my opinions on you
thank you for that I I like I like to
think that I have a general sweatpants
rule which is you don't work sweatpants
when you're out in public
yes that's my study great so everyone
was likes that goes although the
Seinfeld or is knows in the Seinfeld
burg George's who are in sweatpants Gary
said so basically what you're saying to
the world is I give up yeah absolutely
20 points pajama pants I don't care if
you're just going like to the grocery
store to pick up some in your head and
right back
you don't wear sweatpants or pajama
pants in public no that's the rule no
yoga pants you wear them anywhere you
want
willow say I'm active yes sweatpants say
I'm lazy
no odd mutation even if you are a dad
with newborn kids you put on some video
store me you know what maybe we can make
an exception like let's say it's 4:00 in
the morning and you know like your
reward woken up and you need some papers
maybe but you know what even then
actually you know what I'm gonna say the
middle of the night it's okay to go out
with sweatpants I'm gonna say to in the
morning to 6:00 in the morning maybe
5:00 in the morning okay to go out and
swipe in between 2:00 in the morning and
5-minute yes
cuz that's when the crazies are out sure
and your appearance does not matter at
that time of day okay I'm gonna say
those hours it's acceptable for
sweatpants bottle oh listen if you are
jogging if you are out for a jog and
wearing sweatpants to Boston yeah that's
why sounds miserable yeah I don't know
what are sweatpants on your job you do
that
don't ya suppose that's but I'm saying
going out like if you are out in about
if you are running Erin yeah
then you do then you put on real pain
put on pants that fasten we are talking
about some issues and mr. semantics yoga
sweat pants this is what you get on the
street what else do we want to go let's
talk about 2% milk versus skim milk oh
fuck skim first of all buckskin and
here's here's the other thing my wife
used to work at a coffee shop and had an
employee who was British and the British
employee would ask if people wanted I
wanted Bo or full
that's oh I'm now really enjoy calling
it full o fat yeah like whole milk sure
full fat yeah that's a weird way to put
it yeah full fat full fat milk and on my
cheat days I enjoy the espresso drinks
and I always ask for me the table no
you're not
it's a common thing baristas I think
they use context okay yeah it's your
turn jack okay
sorry guys we have to stop this very
exciting keep up with the milk
discussion there's nothing to stop very
silly what almond milk it's good I like
almond milk rice milk I like all these
weird milks there guys rice milk okay
good
that's weird is that Millikan like if
you want to drink a glass of milk you
drink it um it's the own separate thing
but it's good I think that's weird okay
alright what do I talk to you to fight
the people oh I get a bow you want oh no
a real man needs no way check alright
that's what I want I'm gonna punch
people to death and this J talk like a
girl that's on like a girl hey I'm the
one with a guy pitch that maybe they
just mean I'm saying early things like I
like oh well you know big Roman Boston
oh that's I guess that's what you get
for started with no one yeah good I'm
say milk so much milk that's one of
those words that loses all meaning Lea
Seydoux absolutely fuck you fuck you
fuck you gonna punch you in the fucking
head get out of here
get out of here can I hit you with my
fist fist
oh I losing you're winning I don't know
weight of a weapon and stand him it's
the easy way from rich rich so we're
both the making
I'm gonna make wine out of your
testicles I know I'm all of us one Mike
wanted to annoy me I think I was still
living in Chicago area Mike was in town
and he wanted to make a movie I was like
come on rich we'll make a movie like I'm
a classic just point the camera and say
yeah I'm here put this on rich put this
on okay rich now you're the president of
space go know that he just say action
that's literally what would happen no
all right you get the movies where
they're heavily improvised but I at
least have an outline oh this is just
screwing around
yeah he was just in town that might be
better than what a giant okay yeah my
strategy so far is non-working my
strategy of running at him over and over
again can you hit him with the catapult
Elan been good at weapon Oh fucking
catapult he fucking threw a spear at me
that's that's of someone on the girl Oh
can't apply need rocks for the catechol
the only good thing about I'm gonna make
wine out of your testicles is the phrase
I'm gonna make wine out of your
testicles which was improper by me
yeah which is the only hey you got it
you got it
how do I do it yeah no I did it
hate him you would do it how do I do it
nope ah I don't think you did anything I
think it's still there
well I hit him yeah but James the
important party is thing bro
okay so now I can punch him into balls
I don't think it's reward next step now
kill kill murder
please excuse the crowd there you go oh
my I'll take battle leave or cheese rice
it's a strong attack well that one
that's really nice
so who do I kill now oh you gotta use
the Kempo who could do that door oh I
gotta put down my super weapon you can
pick it back up
sorry guys I gotta stop the fight to
load my key Apple oh I can't you can
again yeah Seward's ready yeah Oh
perhaps press a button yeah probably
this time I'm just gonna have found the
door and that's probably I'm supposed to
be right it's like yeah okay great I had
a deer testicle
I'm just catching up on that
conversation now it is a great phrase
all right
damn I think all right I named the
jimmy-jam Jimmy Jam er
Oh Jimmy Jam er I will I'm out of then
to her oh fuck hold the X down lift off
hey you know how oh fuck you
fuck you fuck you
oh that's great give me Jam cheese I
will take nine cheese and died whilst
eating it
don't take my big all the gun I hate the
Spears oh oh yeah he's got range on you
well fuck it I'll kill this motherfucker
one-armed motherfucker stop blocking my
attacks that's improbable and oh we're
dead okay what key
well a guy talking about a vest of a
person dinosaur it's very possible like
that idea we have oh there's what we
have Tammy and don't not a minute
he's Richards we have Theodore Rex would
be gold yes we've got a couple dinosaur
movies I don't remember what else we
have
oh we have adventures and dinosaurs city
I don't know what that is it looks like
a bad kids movie
punch punch punch punch and punch some
more that's my strategy I punch people
and then I punch them more listen I'm
gonna go stab him in the fucking throat
yay throat he's mean and a bunch of
garbage
oh I'm losing the crowd losing the crowd
fuck you crowd I'm gonna die I don't
know how to beat him here how about this
thrown us through a sword and boom get
attention I am great oh fuck oh fuck I'm
fine Oh a thing nope oh oh they keep
stabbing me that's my canvas yeah fuck
you fuck you fuck you and fuck you fuck
everyone oh why am I not dead I would
assume I'm dead oh oh my god you sent
adventures and dinosaur City is industry
man he also sent Wow oh this the Mena's
dinosaur hunter which I forgot that we
had so is that a thing that's a movie
Dennis the Menace dinosaur hunter thank
you for sending that to us bug and not
one thank you for having such a clean
concise username
orga
I apologize if you heard that / why
convert well because I'm decent
yeah yeah you put all nonsense all right
back on the game here do I kill talking
about things stuff we do people what bad
dinosaur movies I'm sure there's others
we probably have more out there I think
we have karna soar which I've never seen
but I have a feeling it's not I remember
everything bad well it's like a law
bringing them together Roger Corman
movie but I doubt it be terribly bad I
haven't seen it but I don't know be more
wok wait well you know I wasn't thinking
when I set up
the addition of this very helpful bus
I'm into this extra fat on a cruisee
witness said that Escape from New York
is terribad wow you're a crazy person
they live and escape from New Yorker
you're definitely to my favorite John
Carpenter movies but escape from New
York might be one of my favorite movies
period yeah it doesn't work it's a lame
action movie the action in that movie is
not the best and there's very little of
it but the premise is awesome Kurt
Russell's great cinematography and the
movement of the movie is wonderful
that's one of those that would be
considered a theme yeah not a bad movie
but a movie with a smaller budget but
well does the best it can with its
budget I always bring out there's a
great part in that movie showing a prime
example of a way to work around your low
budget in a creative way is that there's
the terrorists that have hijacked the
plane with the president is on and they
crash it into the building we see the
plane in the sky and then we see the
people that are watching the situation
they're watching a monitor there's a
graphic that is tracking the plane but
right when the plane is about to hit the
building that cuts to that graphic
either graphic hit the building because
they can't film the plane running into a
building right because they don't have
the budget so they show this graphic
that's a really creative use of their
low budget and the soundtrack the John
Carpenter's pours fantastic every New
York is a great movie yeah hey from LA
is terrible movie I want to like and
I've watched many times because I really
really wanted to be good and it just
isn't the ending is great done I've
never seen no it's it's kind of
embarrassing it's really it has some
good qualities I mean Kurt Russell's
grated the ending really is
the whole middle chunk of that move
I think Kurt Russell has been downhill
since I liked overview I've never seen
him my dad likes overboard I've never
seen a-- overboard he's a dad
Woodhouse Road house is amazing you just
said Road house that was rock buddy
Oh Road house is great I need to rewatch
that I haven't seen its best
you took my weapon fucker
beaver the beaver says that he had this
message typed out and the cat was
glitching but he wanted to let us know
that we suck at bringing up girls
yes yes that is true
thank you sue me that's related to the
mosquito game right captain Ron what
about Captain Kirk on I think I saw that
in the Peter oh I think that was a dad
cuz my dad like Colonel so because of
movies like overboard so I think he took
me just I don't know that Martin Short
isn't he in that I don't remember
anything
here's what you need to know about Kurt
Russell that man gives 100% he's great I
want Kurt Russell no matter what he does
he is given it 100% there's a really
great photo if you're a fan of the young
carpenter Kurt Russell movies Squire
magazine there's an article about him
recently where they reunited up and they
took some photos there's a really great
photo of Russell with his arm around
John Carpenter the last couple years
Kurt Russell was just laughing his head
off
I'm carpenter looks miserable because
he's a grumpy old man that's a really
really great photo I want to say it's
Esquire but I couldn't be wrong oh
what's up baby Empire
it's amazing to begin with and I didn't
know what Esquire is that's probably not
a magazine that would interview Kurt
Russell and John Carpenter yeah baby
that's like a isn't that like a Benz
shyam know I'd cigar-smoking listen to
commentary tracks for the the John
Carpenter Kurt Russell movie they're the
best especially uh Big Trouble in Little
China where they just talk about their
kids the whole time Empire and John
Carpenter keeps bringing up Captain Ron
to make fun of Kurt Russell oh yeah
those two did great commentary tracks
together I wish that they would do this
is the thing about escape from
it's not good but I really really want
to know a lot more about the making up
but no one cares about that movie and it
sucks so that's never gonna get any sort
of special edition treatment I would
love to hear a commentary track about
that maybe they'll do it like it's part
of a bundle the screen factory oldies
huh that's right up their alley
they're saying Empire online Empire
that's it oh yeah someone weak to live
yeah yeah Thank You PLAs thank you very
much the wonderful photo photo it'll
warm your heart if you're a fan of it
oh you know what that's a good question
what are what are your thoughts on the
use of the will help um at this point
it's distracting yeah cuz everybody
knows it um the general audience
probably doesn't know but I'm like that
I'm like that with a lot of sound
effects now because obvious so many
libraries they're like most people would
notice the sound effect that the curl
and eschar we call it now the breaking
sound effect if that's a general movie
most audience members will not notice it
but of course I do so um but the will
home cream especially hands out to me I
mean they filmmakers use it as an inside
joke now but I find it distracting well
you know if it's in something like a
comedy and you hear the Wilhelm scream
fine oh sure yeah but like I know it's
an all the Lord of the Rings movies like
when I hear in something like that it
gets me out of the movie for just a
second absolutely thank you there is a
great rap song about the will Holmes
it's better I think it's called that
calls for a Wilhelm scream you can
probably find out music
Hey
yeah he did get points for killing the
crowd yes I'm sure guardians of the
galaxy will have a will and I'm sure it
well there isn't someone says that it
does well it's like he seems like the
kind of filmmaker and that seems like
the kind of group yeah the movie like
bad at least based on what I've seen
from the trailers and stuff it wouldn't
bother me as much cuz it's a career
goofy comedy I don't know yeah but I did
hear the other day because there was
some sort of light on a minute preview
with guardians of the galaxy the planes
come Peter oh yeah there's some reason
if you had to fight it gets forward
typically or Y but in that 20 minutes
that they showed confirm that Lloyd
Kaufman froma does have a cameo in it oh
I think it's great that James got and
keeps Malik often that's the guy they
gave him to start I think that's me
yeah and if it's a big is the Marvel
movie weight Kaufman is gonna show up in
it this woman has no arms left she's
still trying to kick me that's the kind
of video game that needs to be made it
was
do you think a site like Rotten Tomatoes
is reliable for movie review
well just the collection of movie
reviews
no I don't know yes hey if you're
looking for just a general consensus I
mean it's fine I would never say you're
wrong about your opinion in this movie
because Rotten Tomatoes has an 80%
approval like I don't care about any of
that I got something that a lot of
people don't understand about critics in
general yeah is you have to if if you're
looking for entertainment there are
critics who entertain em or if you are
looking for actual like should I go see
a movie
you need to find the critic that is most
like you and there are some critics that
you will disagree with and then don't
watch that critic well I like to read
reviews that I don't agree with sure
Ebert I didn't agree with all the time
but I thought he was well-spoken and oh
sure but if you were making a decision
on whether you should see a movie or not
you wouldn't go to Eber no I know
actually I don't know if I would go to
any critic yeah yeah there was never
anyone where it's like I'm on the fence
about this movie what is so-and-so think
okay I wasn't have never really been
like that okay that's fine there are
certain people who I I am not sure if I
want to go out and spend my money hey
like I will check with them because I
have found that I agree with Sir
yeah I don't know if there's ever been a
critic where I would say I agree with
that most of the time I I read if I read
a review from somebody specifically it's
usually because I like their point of
view not necessarily did I agree with
them or not okay I liked Ebert a lot but
man his blue velvet review drove me nuts
blue velvet damn brilliant I just
watched the documentary about him life
itself it's called I highly recommend it
if you want to feel sad all day it
focused a lot I wasn't expecting it but
I didn't even know they started filming
it before you died so focuses they
started filming it during the last few
months of his life so a lot of it is
focused on him Hospital in going through
physical therapy and getting out of the
hospital than going back into it like
that's sort of the framing device a
better thing and then they'll have
segments that show you know growing up
for him getting the show but it keeps
coming back to him shortly before he
died and it's it's tough to watch
because he did not look good but it's a
very very good movie it'll make you sad
all day
Oh Naver and like movie the creepiest
thing in the documentary they interview
in Cisco's wife and her jig Cisco's
Widow yeah and she looks like email Gene
Siskel really weird actually it looks
like it like his sister or something
like yeah you're absolutely right
blue velvet is objectively the best
movie since I skate for Millie the best
movie since escaping relate a nice part
about that is that I think you know of
course keep him alive but I liked it
that's fine I liked it it was a funny
joke
okay from a lake right yeah I'm at that
movie which was awesome I wish there was
more 80s John Carpenter movies for me to
discover I've seen them all
I wish there was new ones that I hadn't
seen and I love the movies even he had a
stretch everything was oh sure no he had
had a big imagination and just the right
amount of budget usually not quite
enough but he still made it work but
that's why it was just the right amount
cuz if he had a little bit more who he
could have he could have did the
strength he had just the right amount
and he just pick up a yeah this is a
boss fight and he's fighting you with a
pillar this is this is fun this is a by
the way for when we I think I think
we'll sell that for some dynasty
Warriors this is a good a great segue
into bathroom okay but giant people with
giant weapons killing not it you know
not as much blood taking this hassle
run stream just say do and his david
lynch's best film and that's the one
everybody hates I think my pitch is it I
don't know sometimes it's not like
notoriously bad I don't think it's just
not good sarcasm is hardly eggs in text
very sure maybe they're trying to be fun
might have been trying to make I get
worked up when we talk about David Lynch
though
oh yeah this I just watched everything
springs into and I just watch story
I just watched ugh Giada Ross Keys doom
the documentary about the unmade
Alejandro Jodorowsky version of doing oh
yeah it's very good that's it I wish it
was longer and I wish it showed more of
the contrast between crazy imaginative
brazilian filmmaker and he traditional
studio executives he probably thought
you think it doesn't focus on much on
that it's more about his creative
process and I believe the team and you
wanted to make them but it's good even
the people that agreed to do it like
employed was gonna do the score
get Mick Jagger involved in a judo here
all these great actors and HR Giger um
doing the designs along with some other
great artists so this is
amazing movie that doesn't mean
hopefully guys were here all that
clicking there is lots of clicking and
shaky
nice three play with you I like reading
screenplays I used to kind of collect
screenplays I buy like the published
book oh sure since I've done that long
find that I enjoy every I enjoy reading
scripts at movies I like because I like
see they write
don't think anyone can do
Hey
now you can review it as a piece of
writing like it's a very specific thing
you know where it's like it's just the
it's the script ISM look I'd be more
interested in reading scripts to movies
that were never made
well yeah like something that was in the
works in foil reason fell apart
yeah Kevin Smith super script is out Oh
is fake script that they make with the
intention of being leaked that happened
supposedly maybe that's been debunked
but I had heard that the studio
intentionally leaked a Batman vs
Superman scripts they Kevin Smith wrote
no no this is I mean the Owen he
actually did write it when he actually
did writers oh I haven't heard that I
didn't know that was a bad boy it's
barely when I could it's the one thing
it's exactly what you would expect it's
actually a very kind of standard good
man story like it place very standard
it's very bland and interesting and
nothing Kevin's though I didn't get me
hey it beated the boss yeah the one with
the giant spider well with the giant
spider and Superman wearing a non
Superman suit the one the one that he
talks about oh my god give me the one
that he talks about in his story
Superman it's a mecha didn't go to
here's a website there's a website
dedicated to his actions oh yeah there's
one I used to check out it long long
time ago I remember what it's called it
probably doesn't it's cool goggle it
just giggling okay and yes rich beated
the boss so you wanna do dynasty
warriors or do you want do more this
what do you wonder yeah let's take a
little break II you're gonna run a
commercial and then we're gonna come
back with dynasty warriors dinosaur
warriors dinosaur warriors right I'd
rather play yeah good hey Mario
you are audio hey commercial
