Episode 004
Friends Forever with Mr. Mosquito
July 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFN23jNaUcY
___________________________________________

[A - 00m to 05m]


[A - 05m to 10m]
okay
and
oh I forgot about this the super fancy
PS to turn on screen it's like the
future
thing with the controller to make it go
skeletons oh I should have removed hello
I should know where that originated from
I think it's it's just a Dark Souls okay
um what well not people one person pass
ing hurts offer
when I think we're not already yeah
there
of course they're not worried sure so if
you want we could put our shirts back on
and then take them off that if you think
that would help
it's how we were all now but like we're
playing a game called mr. mosquito would
you like to sit and watch
Oh
graphic
we're not getting anything on the street
oh we didn't remove skeleton guys
that's great yeah I've just well I broke
her to God by shellac is my favorites oh
that's good that's a great song I played
that for Jack your four years ago I mean
I'm sure you did I have I'm sure you did
I'm sorry
there is
hold on guys we're getting the settings
we're gonna get mr. mosquito up here
Ollis for skeletons or another meme I
fixed it oh because I reset the ps2 my
capture box got confused and so I just
stopped sending the video signal it got
it got scared and confused SE can you I
got weird I don't change that update the
game update words that we're updating oh
my god yeah we've been through that the
gate is screwing up the other you either
you either get the noise gate or you get
a really awful hum that's your choice oh
no also change the game oh well so now
click in here we're figuring out guys
yeah oh it's misspelled out mr. right in
front of your face guess what I'm blind
so what I mean okay yep and now hit
update and updated okay now we're gonna
play mr. mosquito I don't remember
anything about how to play this game
okay
alright well that's fine we're gonna do
it anyway
we're gonna play this game
the jams are gonna be jimmied the the
juvies are gonna be gypped the blood
will be sucked ah I believe you can
change the coming of you oh I do want to
change oh oh no I got a saved somewhere
but whatever okay stage start
hey mr. mesquita you
I try to like whiskey do you miss oh
yeah we might need to change the audio
settings no I see them blipping they
should be blipping for you guys I am
radios shitty yo that's true yo nothing
we can do about that I wish we could
hear it not a perfect system rich I know
dreaming

[A - 10m to 15m]
trimming was built for one person looks
like a great cutscene I don't know this
is boring they're talking about stop
Thanks it sound good
Jimmy's boss life things they should be
doing with their life that's true
thank you thank you good duck so we
should take pride of the fact that we
are the only people streaming this right
now so if there if anyone is looking to
to watch some gameplay footage live
gameplay footage of mr. mosquito they
can only get it right here
thing you can search for like a game and
yeah that's me yeah it isn't
I use that a lot like I like to watch I
really like to watch FTL one yeah yeah
just to get ideas
takes a long time
Oh Jack Jack is playing the game
I've never played mr. mosquito before I
don't really know how to play oh oh oh
oh
ace oh I want that poster I'm just a
poster with people on it that's in space
okay so what's my mission you're gonna
have to land on her and suck her blood I
don't remember how to do any of this
because it's been ten years since I
played this game
okay so two things about and there's one
e.x tank in here I don't remember what
that does
okay I don't know a lot of things whoa
that's it okay so left this is left
thick right there's literally a button
for gas okay okay okay our our one is go
for our one all right oh my god hold up
you can oh the light swish
how do you stop going forward try and
try that one okay yeah all right
it's like it's like a racing game our
one is go I want to stop wait I want to
find any X tank there's a choppy F
whatever it is I can see I can see we're
dropping frames but we can do about that
Internet might be weird over here oh so
sorry y'all if it's ghetto it is chappy
I see it in the preview not a whole lot
we can do about that that's that's
internet speed it might be ours
oh you know why do you guys want to know
why it's chappy because right now if you
remember Jay said he was uploading
something to YouTube oh it's choppy as
long as you can still hear us I don't
care if it's choppy
it will be done very cute it'll be done
very soon guys what you all need to do
stop watching the stream ah quit paying
attention to us
that's not up yeah now I know at some
point there's gonna be like a vulnerable
spot on her and you have to land but
sure I think needs an I'm looking for
the e^x think I'm dumb just learning it
explore an auto exploring rich l2 button
rear view art r2 button 180 degree turn
okay r-1 button accelerate l1 button
yeah yeah it looks stupid
where are you some kind of fairy yeah a
magical creature I'm a mosquito or
mosquito mosquito game huh
hold on for it hold on first
okay now sorry about that guys we're
figuring stuff out I don't know okay we
come over here rich can't go okay you
can still all right I'm over here okay
okay oh oh god you guys have no idea how
don't don't go Jesse don't go - yeah

[B] she isn't hello oh that's like a quick
turn oh there you go wait go back to her
go back to her
oh no but look this wait this thing on
her oh oh that's where you go do your D
oh I don't like this this is we I know
it is it's the only reason I wanted to
play this oh this is weird like I have
to like suck on her leg huh huh oh you
did something wrong I don't know what
what buttons are here right here
zero button struggle button attack
stabilized take off X button take off
there let's see a suck blood butter ah
Oh r3 r3 yep my r3 right analog stick
button mind movement pure skin and suck
blood Jesus Christ okay we're gonna
think we can do this is weird I feel
weird I do it ah
did get it here I feel weird playing
this yeah I do
absolutely
I can't see you no see shit you know see
shit lady get out of here what is this
no no room thing thermostat nothing you
know like it would be different the
weird thing is that it's like a young
girl yeah yeah where it's like if if I
was like just in the jungle and like it
was like a horse or something it would
be fine I mean it would still be weird
obviously the fuck I do this
the fuck how do I do this
he aimed towards it and then maybe push
down the r3 button I did that's not
mushy she moved oh okay all right all
right no I don't know about this rich we
don't have to well no I mean I'm this is
this is weird enough where I kind of
want
oh look VHS is this a press anything up
on T oh there's a little thing you just
collected a heart yeah I got a thing
guys you're so insecure this ain't a
porn game I'm so insecure yes somebody
said I mean I don't know if it's an
insecure thing it's just weird I feel it
makes me weird it makes me feel we were
playing this I don't know if that's an
insecure thing that's just now I feel
what it's worth you're terrible
yeah thank you that that does make me
feel better okay now I got to get out of
here so she doesn't spotty all right all
right
I hide over here I hide over here and
wait for the little girl to go back to
back and that's why it's weird cuz I'm
waiting for a little girl to go back to
bed so I can jump on her leg Edie little
girl see this is weird
yeah there's nothing weird about it
you're just going to violate her with
your mouth exactly okay okay alright go
there slowly get close and then try the
r3 okay
0:03 doesn't do anything
alright alright help me out here okay I
have to later oh hey now do what there's
some kind of meter around the right Oh
keep the keep a thing in the blue okay
what are you doing rotating it yeah okay
and then your tank goes up okay all
right all right how's that I said hey I
need two tanks yes yeah Iowa at any time
that's where she gets agitated yeah you
can take off get it
what the fuck you plays all right I'm
gonna shut you come over here this game
is weird and I feel weird
sure
all right I don't give this shot ya
leverage do this shit horse
understand in front of TV oh I think
that helps
Oh
we gotta stay so long
with us very long are you turning her
light on to go backwards maybe she's
worried about people that's prettier ah
that's it yeah oh is that you know
you're talking about I just walked in
this room
Oh looks like what well you know were
the first and only people ever stream
this so that's not that going there's a
reason for that
okay you can fly anywhere I think that's
neat I mean like I said it this would be
a much more I would feel better about
this game if if I was if if we were like
in the jungle and hunting animals or
whatnot
okay then it would feel as weird but
because you're going after an underage
girl who's sleeping in bed in little
shorts it's weird that's what makes it
weird
yeah yeah because of the weird things
you guys are saying in chat it makes me
feel weird
where are they saying in the jet suck
that little girl's inner thigh Jack yeah
yeah that's why it's weird all right
will you stop what's up let's let's at
least go to the next for the next stage
okay just to just to see what's jimang
all the jams just to give us a sense Oh
can't even manage the basic controls
your character you can't this the actual
sucking of blood is yeah yeah also that
is weird you know it's one of those you
have to rotate and stay in the blue line
and got a jam a lot of gyms yeah
you guys stop saying F in the chat
Oh what button did you press - I didn't
nice for the check oh I'm I guess I
might have cleared that sorry but
clearly something I mean nobody's
watching this basically no no these
people pay for what nish okay Oh
are we crossing the street by having a
on - oh maybe in I don't know we're all
right hey guys something is not stir in
the kool-aid and see any of your Chen
that show up here that showed up there
that's weird
what could you press - the sucking are
three no I mean dude so are three over
are three stick you have to secure your
nose ends there you go now you rotate
okay okay you guys this is really weird
guys no one's in the chat room and I
just don't believe that someone someone
tweet have previously recorded if you
can see the chat or not we can't see if
he'll join under the chance
soy two-tone whoa I have a lot of tweets
hold on
as always there's always a problem
um ones tweeting at me yet
yeah twitch chat is dead for some reason
sorry guys I I'm just getting your
tweets now I have no idea what is
happening to the chat God so like we
didn't turn chat off or anything good
job rich to restart the stream no it
sounds like everyone's chat bro though
something's broken on Twitch guys really
sorry if if you can't chat I guess we'll
just wait it out we'll keep playing and
whatnot I wonder if other streams right
now we're having the same problem oh
that's a good if anyone else is watching
any other streams let us know at
previously recorded previously iraq twit
thank you guys for tweeting at me yeah I
think yes I think you're right mister
mosquito kill the chat mister mosquito
is too much for twitch to handle I think
you're absolutely right yeah and I'm
getting a the the loading circle of
death over here
I can't see anyone except for me and
Chad and no I did not put it in mute
mode or anything like that like it's not
even loading up for me now internet
things you know
oh wait now we're getting it now we're
getting it okay chats back
wasn't somebody just saying in that chat
how long till the stream of course they
were that's just what people it's
working again yep that's working again
I update the website right now 200 use
with that as well so there's an overall
Internet issue everything is a problem
always the entire Internet has gone down
welcome back to the chat everybody o
Qaeda has made their move hey that's
working now
oh do you think the problem was that you
were that you were doing something no no
I wasn't doing anything at the time yeah
I know look I'm trying to get the embed
code loading I mean yeah we're sucking
it we're soaking up a lot of your
bandwidth no I was doing it well I guess
I wouldn't matter which computers don't
think it's related I don't know hey the
simple thing this is a simple thing well
god what will say though for people
listening is I'm trying to update the
website and back is fucking it off I
straining in her studio it's all Jack's
fault you can blame him nope for know
any video you know that's not sure no
it's absolutely yes I really had this
from before actually yeah Chad I mean
jerks now cuz I was making fun of you
know know that they probably are just
hearing that now oh yeah remember
there's a there's a significant delay
you have a hero got to have a jack I
want my new point get absolutely guys
that's exactly what he's uploading
I'm uploading the new planket yeah did
we did we say what it was earlier the
new blinker view our made-up movie oh
you made up a movie for the bugger well
every week yeah they asked when the new
play get review is every week and I
always say it's coming tomorrow okay but
I try to give him a new movie you don't
want to know that the real playing ever
could do is the third season family you
don't want to give that away oh because
the third season is one Lazarus Joe
really started to go downhill absolutely
you remember the first season before
ergo was even a care
he wasn't originally a part of it oh
really
yeah a hit or khals so much but
everybody hates me
no I I have no recollection of that show
it was really just to show about that
family and Urkel was on one episode yeah
it's just a one-off thing and they're
like Oh finally something about the show
that people like you know so they just
ran that shit into the ground absolutely
I remember stefan urquelle oh I wasn't
watching by that point I'm aware of it
when Steve now that I realized a lot to
begin with but I know they like like
time travel at one point and the other
multiple the thing was the Leo White was
turning into a handsome a handsome oh
yeah yeah and so they had him use it his
magic science power to turn himself into
an effective person steals to find her
hell yeah mmm I think he played a girl -
sometimes sure turkle's cousin or
something was there like a reloading
machine maybe nobody was watching it
wait oh no and I'm sure just the writers
at one point I was like let's see what
we can get away with no one's watching
no one is watching
so you might give us in the shower you
wanna do something did you beat the well
yeah I already beat the second stage oh
you beat the second stage I got this
down I wasn't watching I know you
weren't you're talking about Steve Urkel
I know enough to know his first name
yeah it was rockin Hurdle dolls
balls balls
