Episode 005
Jay Plays Binding of Isaac
July 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qA9JfXeBc5I
___________________________________________

if you cry tears and your tears hurt the
bad guys okay so the really important
thing is that the only functions I have
pretty much pretty much of the this
trigger is BOM but you have open get out
of it this you only had that one bomb oh
and then eventually you'll get items
which you use with the other trigger now
in fact go up into that golden room see
if there's anything neat in there oh
good mom's pad Rose oh so if you press
the other trigger the other trigger it
activates that which I think ups your
shot power and you can kill the fire
with your tears and sometimes there's
coins in there so that's good target
practice oh just hold it all down a
direction you shouldn't just oh I see so
you have very little help the hearts up
on the top right are your help okay and
so hitting enemies is important oh yeah
you got a penny alright but also it's
very important to dodge enemies attacks
okay and that's the game well our is the
story of this game the story is that
your mom's a movie another your mom is a
God talks to your mom and God demands
that your mom kills you well and and you
flee into your basement to run away from
your mom who's trying to kill you
and this is the stuff and it's in your
nightmares stupid god pretty much so Jay
you have one heart left oh but that's
okay it's your first time playing why
can't I hit the Mario's
guys Jays doing really great that's with
this room how do I get things I guess I
can yes Jack really does hate using the
keyboard I use controller mate to bind
all the keys to my Xbox controller
wait where are you oh I'm dead now
oh all right I got killed by bugs yay um
okay so you might need to use the mouse
and we'll try again another easy piece
easy peasy would you use like the mouse
to shoot in any direction is that how
the mouse works in this what are the
controls normally like about that you
know it's a WASD n dot and buttons on
box out so it's all keyboard yeah it's
all a keyboard okay okay I have a
teleporter great what's that dude makes
me teleport to where I don't
another depressing little room yeah yeah
it's that's that's basically it I know
no who's this freak oh my god blown up
it's not didn't work
get away from me and keep writing your
tears to tears like kids
you killed me you have to run away into
tears at the sound my god
yeah hey let's try again okay so yeah
that's that's part of it like just
running and shooting
oh no spiders and trying not to get hit
that's really important again oh my god
they keep coming flaming out of this
room peril baby huh so you play as
imperiled baby yeah yeah do I have to
shoot this whole thing oh yeah you shoot
diagonally um I don't think so okay
there we go got it
what hack are you home let me know
you're disturb is full of turds yeah you
can shoot the turds and sometimes
there's coins in like in real life
someone has sent me a bowel movement
yeah that was from pink flamingos guys
this is Jays very first time I've never
played this like barely know what I'm
doing not just like Shirley I know what
I'm doing very well I'm dying
yeah that's what I'm doing is not only
games first time playing this game but
I'm sure any sort of bullet-hell
twin-stick shooter did this is yeah I've
never played anything that had these
kind of controls before once you compare
this to my simply amazing run-through ft
it's it's just like young I mean it's
really long yeah but you know what he's
learning yeah and that's the good oh yes
we're getting used to like where you
have to use a different button to shoot
in different directions oh yeah like
that's weird for me okay so I can see
that
kanya oh here's mom's bra yep that does
something
here's mom's bread yeah that's that's
different the thing I'm really excited
about for Binding of Isaac rebirth which
is the remake of this game is as I'm
sure I've mentioned a zillion times is
it's coming to my PlayStation Vita
and so it'll be a twin stick shooter
where I actually get to use my two
control sticks instead of the button so
I'm crazy excited about that think is
going to be great
oh yeah LEM coins the for the people who
insist that the game is a lot easier on
keyboard I prefer controller and I'm not
going to speak for Jay but you know
having the controller means you can lean
back a little bit I think it'll be
easier it's fine gonna be shy go in this
room with the skull or on the door is
that there's two doors here and that
looks like it's not the bad guy that's
the main bad guy did you get the oh you
got mom's bra I got mom's bra okay so
yeah maybe give it here let's move the
mouse out of the way okay um maybe give
it a try it's gonna be a bad guy you're
probably gonna die okay famine famine oh
my god so it's get out of his way whoa
nice dodge I think I wasn't it no I know
exactly what I'm doing I am an expert
but this I don't know what did I just do
I put a bra on oh yeah now hit him that
frozen nice keep doing it as fast as you
can have you got it you got okay get out
right now ah that's alright so yeah like
the item that goes up here in the space
bar item mmm that's like usually a
superpower and the bra apparently
freezes your enemies okay and there's a
ton of different items and obviously as
you're noticing every time you play the
map is different yeah I have notice a
friend it's a little confusing oh if you
go back down to that golden room that's
usually where the fun things are how
oh you have been blessed great no no
nice hey you know I feel pretty good
about that yeah yeah the guy keeps
asking about one cab ocinski just you
know watching all the scream we talked
about that like eight times now huh
what's he wondering um you guys know
you're going to meet lin one day was it
awkward meeting them no no we didn't
know we were gonna meet him and elbows
an awkward being them yeah little trick
that is very nice J is playing by name
Isaac how do I get to them coins what
coin there's coins one in the rock find
a thing you can use a bomb to blow up
the rock you only have two bombs okay so
probably not worth but he's only got a
good heart so what do I get with the
coins there's shops that you can go into
and you can buy stuff okay come on get
you know I'm gonna do it why not
okay I'm probably gonna die before this
game's over anyway
no my dad odd world I really enjoyed all
the odd world games I thought they were
neat little they were almost 2000 yeah I
got a heart I didn't get hit once in
this room good that's amazing
I'm not gonna go to the bad guy yet
though
oh my god what is this room this is
blood everywhere
haha wait oh don't go over those bikes
they hurt you but there's nothing else
in this room well what what happens is
if you go over those spikes enough times
you get a fries mmm but they hurt you
and you know how car looks to be hurt
sounds good I guess I got no choice but
to fight the bad guy but I don't I'm
gonna die do you have a key
no no then you'll explore some more why
not let's see if there's anything
sometimes there's a room I'm missing
here sometimes there's different colored
rocks and sometimes there's hidden rooms
like if you bomb right here there might
be a hit-and-run oh there is a knee
that's just for me playing the game
enough as you say how would I ever find
that out now Veeam it's just one of
those things that you find out he's oh
he's nothing he's aa can I get whatever
that is it's just a guy oh I can't do
anything till ya
what's the matter for I perhaps at one
point this was a shop and he died oh I
don't care so I got some more coins that
doesn't super help you know but yeah I
think you or did you get yeah you got
the item now you're blessed yeah geez
now don't have anything I gotta fight
the bad guy you gotta fight the bad guy
so the important thing is to watch where
he's shooting and get out of the way
okay and then just hit him with as many
tiers as you can rich and your 600 hours
of XCOM have you missed two ninety
eight-percent shots back-to-back oh good
he's an easy one nice hit it flies and
hit him no but I think I've missed a 99%
shot once and I know I've missed 90%
shots twice in a row not 98 though
nice Duke applies he's one of my favor
my son look at him flies everywhere just
looking what is design doing it
yeah good custard and supplies and then
get him like any good nice and easy
Duke applies on my favorite characters
there's a natural yeah men doing okay
here I think yeah this is a good first
so this is a good first level for a new
player nice nice play dodge thank what
fikret this is something I'm yeah this
is something that rich Evans about
earlier with all of the generic Space
Marines shoot-'em-ups that have been
coming out lately is perhaps a good
metric for how good your your thing is
is how much fan art can be generated
yeah yeah we're talking about titanfall
and like time column versus something
just something like binding of issac
word monsters and characters and worlds
where you could draw that and as a fan
and it's unlike taking phones as obvious
what is and what it's from right hey
Anna did you meet him I did okay no wait
I got a baby on my head now oh you got a
baby look that great I don't know is it
keep shooting maybe he shoots no I don't
know I don't know what it does but it's
great look at you you got a baby in you
and now deform this yeah that's what
happens the more powers and get the more
deform to you how does that benefit you
sometimes like you get power-ups and you
get you get an extra things I'm sure
that baby does something what does the
baby do tell us what the baby does
titanfall we have it oh fuck we have a
titanfall review ready to go we're gonna
release the e3 get fucked spider first
so because the e3 is topical yeah III
some ago the baby gives you a health
increase give extra hearts now it's got
four hearts yeah they go oh okay
holy shit look at these freaks get on my
way assholes keep that after he dies or
is it a complete restart restart he's
fucked
hahahaha fuck hmm you got a little
better I guess
yeah well you're understanding how to
play yeah I'm getting the hang of it I
guess this is the thing with uh with the
roguelikes is is it's about mastering
the mechanics yeah not timing up the
moves oh thank you Mark soo pol III
hasn't been topical for five years uh
haha really good slam I'm really like we
did record ourselves commenting on e3 I
will spend most of tomorrow editing bad
and I'm we tried to make a conversation
we have a conversation about e3 as hard
as that is well I'll have something by
Friday it might not be very good but
we'll have something good just quite a
baby's head off
listen this gameis is messed of
wonderful as far as the things that are
happening in it is any pile I like all
this weird should okay I'm gonna go the
bad guy yeah there's other routes to
take let me explore J I think you're
doing great thank you
J thanks you owe you they can hear me
remember that we have microphones in
front of us oh yeah oh now I have one I
Dec do you think the new link is a girl
I owe him luck when new link for uh
first of all if you saw Nintendo
officially said that there was no
mention that it was
so it might be a different character
when when that person took their hood
off I assumed it was a girl right away
and then it does have very feminine
features so I checked the store has like
teeth around it that's right and I go in
there will I hurt myself
oh god you got the big eye okay yeah um
you can go through it it will hurt you
okay but usually as a treasure it's
probably not worth it because you only
have a heart and a half XL so I will not
now I got to find a bad guy then let's
the only place else to go
um okay what's up oh oh oh I can use a
bomb here can use a bomb to get a bomb
to get several bombs so do that okay
that'll be nice yeah bomb the other one
too because you just get ya lose bomb
and gain of umm so great now seven bombs
that's pretty good and you can use bombs
against enemies okay
Oh do that again easy great fuck this
guy up well you got a big I shot now
though everyone is an idiot link is
linked again and nothing will be
different well I believe Nintendo was
reluctant to experiment doesn't really
matter if links a girl doesn't change
the game holy shit I defeat that guy
like so quickly public is your giant
eyes I got a giant eyeball this is
wonderful
and now I got a whip count of nine tails
sweet should I go back and go through
that spiky door ah now that I have more
hearts I have two and a half uh it
depends like when you go through that
spiky door sometimes there's a treasure
sometimes there's an enemy so it sounds
like so basically right now you have
five hits an enemy can hit you five
times okay so I'm taking a gamble but
and if you go through the spiky door it
hurts you're going in and it hurts you
going out hmm
so you'll be down to a heart and a half
alright I'm not fucking done okay no
it's got teeth you don't fucking
excellent Joker different Oh what's down
what's with a crown what's the problem
Jack what
what's the crown let's see it now J one
and I'm sorry
huh oh no I think the crown was the
golden room like the room of the item
antenna okay okay I think that's very
time on oh fuck oh fuck that's it you
know
Clemmie Fandango this is what I'm
thinking is maybe though finds whether
you're going to play as a male or female
link which I think would you find it
yeah it's one of those things where as
as a white male gaming does fine by me
but I could see if I was a lady
yeah wanting wanting to play as a hero
lady and so I think that would be just
nice where it's not like link ever has a
personality anyway it doesn't matter
what what the avatar is exactly just
reskin you know hellooo
oh my god now I got four eyes Oh what
does that do
it shoots multiple tears thank you
here's a common goal oh my god
girls are hard to animate according to
woody sauce yes I saw that I don't love
that that ant that Ubisoft said that
they don't have the resources to make
girl characters Jax cuz they gotta make
her boobies so big that's a lot of
polygons oh my god yeah umbilical cord
Jack why is it different than I have
rather plain ears over different it
shouldn't be fuck hey I finally got a
key
and I got a little ghost guy who's this
I got a little buddy
that is racially insensitive oh yeah you
got a recent incest everybody he shoots
uh he shoots ghosts ghosts tears I
believe or not and now he's gone crazy
where you go mmm oh you have the
umbilical cord okay yeah what this is a
a passive power the umbilical cord and
every once in a while you'll spawn a
little helper oh you are down do you
know you are down there any reliable
ways to get health in this um no no that
sucks yeah
yeah you have a key so you could oh
there's a room of the key no you don't
have any money though so don't go in
there oh okay
it see up on the map you see the little
penny yeah yeah okay so basically you're
kind of fucked all right
why does it'll meet my doom why did they
keep asking me if I collect action
figures because they want to know if you
collect action figures I got a few of
the 25th anniversary GI Joe fuck fuck
that's about it
ah let's go scary oh you can do that one
oh this is actually kind of easy now say
is I almost die cock fuck dammit guy
Yeah right after I thought this guy's
kind of easy here you're doing you're
doing better now what a thought sure oh
really yeah that's something I'll take
it
you know sometimes like eventually you
get to learn no mechanics it's just
about the the items cuz everytime you
know random items random map layouts
doing good
alright I want to know because you're a
nerd
what says says the guy in in this stream
watching us play hey I think we're all
nerds I mean a nerd is okay rich talk
about spawn why talk about the movie
spawn how amazing it is oh my god spawn
the movie I watch that what's that a lot
growing up but you did Jen grew up on a
farm much we had spawn oh that's so
unfortunate
yeah really was was the only the only
image founder I really like is Eric
Larson Jim Lee's okay but Eric Larson
III fucking love the Savage Dragon oh no
Isaac birth is slop
who's this fucker is sloth haha well ah
end little guys after me little critters
fuck
J doesn't like the critters I don't
like the maggots yeah Maggie said it
ain't like I'm gonna kill me yeah all
right I'm gonna play one more time and
then someone else can take off this is
fun though kind of enjoying this yeah
this this is one of my favorites oh I
just I like the the world I like the
look of all this oh my god my eyeballs
are gone
yeah and it floats around in hurts
enemies okay I'll take it
I love to him I've seen the new teaser
but it's really not much to go on
Oh get you know that go oh oh I wanted
to shoot at that and I realize it's my
eyeball thanks Kalki yes you can get
some money does Jane know he can hold
fire yeah I do
I just get in the habit of like old
video games you know you got to keep
pressing the button to shoot so I'm kind
of in the habit of doing that oh you're
the controller is literally inches away
from the microphone which is why oh oh
it's picking up really loud yeah all
right yeah no I do understand you can
press and hold I just am in the habit of
older video games where you shoot you
have to keep in the button so I'm sure
whatever Mega Man Legends or Mega Man
Legends - whoo Mega Man Legends yeah I
like the town area and in the first one
better okay
Jr you're going all over the globe and I
don't know IIIi love that that big giant
towns elaborate underworld that connects
all of the dungeons underneath how do I
buy this how much money do I have I
don't know what's happening buy a heart
I want to but I don't know how to do it
um unusual cook I know it's more do you
not have any money this one I thought I
had some money maybe I don't did you die
after you got it
I remember and one thing moves one thing
shoots technically a twin stick do I I
don't have any money do I you have two
cents
oh so I don't ever have to buy anything
okay nevermind oh wait oh you have a
bomb bomb that okay see how that rocks a
different color yeah oh thank you
no that's how ooh yeah the little
permanent extended hurts those are
called small hearts I want to say and
I'm probably I probably got it wrong I
believe they're called soul hearts they
don't um Derek's end hurts but once
they're gone they're gone for good
they're gone for good yeah but you know
it gives you 4x rate so that's nice yeah
we whoa we already saw that we already
saw the blow-up with blue stone remember
you guys he was like three four seconds
after real life
yeah who hurts oh wait oh god cool
kill that little guy come thing that
makes little guys yeah yeah I got a box
full of I get on oh yeah okay so pills
here's the thing about pills they're
random okay
ah you probably so I think it's one of
the bumpers one of though I have to pick
one or the other but you get to use the
pills
suppress one of the bumpers now forget
which one oh not that one sorry these
are the bumpers up here oh I told you
that nothing happens oh that now do it
nothing happens okay take your pill
again and rich press cute up there we go
oh there you go
no speed up you know you're faster okay
great I'll take it
q nevermind okay never mind
oh yeah look at me go soul arts okay
yeah they're consul arts great I'm glad
I know you sound like my doctor Jack
do not take medical advice from me just
putting that out there
I will give you bad medical advice I'll
I like the Star Trek used more than the
Star Wars reviews am I in the minority
well no you are in the minority but
starter
yeah the Star Trek reviews are some fine
and use especially if you're a Trekkie
oh yeah I I definitely remember seeing
the Star Trek reviews and anyone who saw
the Star Trek reviews knew the
brilliance of Mr. Plinkett right away and
anyone who is a Trekkie who knows how
terrible those movies are knows that
they needed that that needed to be
asteroid oh ah ah question is jack I
have an itchy elbow what's wrong with me
your elbow is probably infected I
recommend a soaking it in grain alcohol
and then the next morning drinking that
grain alcohol rich is that your real way
for just a front to make people love you
it most certainly is my real lab I can't
fake it
I've tried mmm on camera purposes I
can't I open this thing you don't have a
keep Mike good dad you don't have a
treasure door can you go back to the
cold daughter was there a key in that
one too there was did I find I think I
went to my dad that Star Wars
documentary about the other know ahead
of busy the crown on the map
oh yeah I could not fake the laughs ah
get away from those guys
oh Jesus Christ
okay so now I got a key can I open this
or is it a different key oh wait oh yeah
there we are
Oh hit that so you can only hold one cue
item at a time okay and I forget what
they do so just press whatever bumper
you press to activate it there's some of
them kill enemies I don't know I'm gonna
go through here oh my god I'm gonna do
it okay
Oh get away ah troll bomb so that was a
waste of time pretty much you can go
through another door but no wait
oh God oh here we go three cents I don't
know if they're kidding or what blob the
Daniel Gillies if only that was the way
the lender might have been been a madman
yeah there wasn't you who described qui
gonn his Stern in the Phantom Edison he
wasn't no that was Jesse that was Jesse
yes yeah those Jase for Jesse wait wait
who makes a cameo in space cop oh come
on
go that way don't you go up Stern I'd
like to dance ease the huh what does the
- I think the two of clubs gives you
bombs oh my god oh great a soul heart Oh
two clubs doubles your amount of bombs
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh good you have a
key great you get it can we watch rich
get shot more please one that I get shot
oh whoa good that give you in multiple
videos oh oh yeah yeah I mean those
other times I'm like in a video game
like we played something where I was
doing bad I was getting shot where am I
supposed to be going now yeah I was the
one that said I see what you're doing
here
cuz I got the joke and I thought it was
really funny yeah
but literally exactly what I said in the
in the Star Wars video because as soon
as I started to attempt to describe
their characters I immediately realized
I could not and so I wanted you know
it I figured out that on my own hey Jeff
yeah oh but you were already in there oh
that's still good job day and you have a
shit ton a-bomb time oh no oh shit I
didn't mean to do that
Oh spiders so many spiders Oh get away
from the jumping spider and I'm like
those guys
yeah they move weird it's hard to
pinpoint where they're gone I'm
distracted by my flying eyeballs I feel
like it's a violent I don't blame you
same thing yeah okay uh you know
actually before you go and I use your
ear cue item there go now you have 24
bombs
oh holy shit I'm just gonna drop bombs
everywhere oh ok pings pretty easy quick
rich can you stream XCOM enemy within on
Ironman impossible okay no I blew over
the bomb immediately hi I am an ex-con
veteran but when we do stream X come
it's gonna be Jack playing with me
coaching and I'm not gonna fucking sick
impossible on him I have not played X
gun holy shit I'm a little demon
creature right I can't shoot anything
anymore
huh I can't shoot anymore but I'm a
little demon what happens now oh my god
Jamie what does this mean uh so what
you've done I just want to know this
what am i done you've gotten rid of all
of your real hearts oh that means so the
only thing you have left is soul hearts
okay which means that if like say you
lose one heart it doesn't come back you
can't refill it unless you get more soul
hearts okay ah but like permanently now
but you're very powerful well you can't
shoot anything so no I can't nope bad
thing yeah I can't shoot I can't do
anything Oh none of these buttons do
anything that's weird what do I do
I don't know will it be gone when I go
to the next level that's a good question
I don't know if I've ever gotten this
um Oh Jay has just inverted a pro move
oh that true what do well that was true
except for the part about it being an
accident yeah what did you do I can't I
can't do anything what I'm dead
oh I can't do anything well now I'm
gonna be back to normal anyway God what
did that mean you have exploded it down
now apparently to hold down the shoot
button and we're like charge up in a
release Oh apparently I'm I like blue
that I've never gotten that was that
brimstone yeah okay I've never
I've never gotten brimstone form very
sorry now I have a halo it's too late
now everybody it's too late it's too
late that's the that's the disadvantage
of the chat bang like we like it's news
would be very helpful five seconds ago
yeah yeah but they tried out they dried
out they did what they guys going Jack
I'm sorry this is Jay playing by the way
this is Jay yeah not to enter whoever
asked earlier if richer I have played
spelunky I love spelunky I had it I have
it for my Vita and 100% of it and I love
it and it's the greatest game I've never
played it if you enjoy platformers and a
hard as hell and yeah straighting I've
never played it so everybody sund'ys for
one honestly I mean I've been that room
with the spikes can you say if I go over
no times I get something cuz I got full
hearts oh okay yeah I think I think it's
three times if maybe just twice well
there you go huh all right okay I'll
take it
sure I guess
that's a bold move yeah yeah whatever
the chat delays on average 17 seconds I
would believe that it takes a while
there anyone in that room and that needs
a geek look I guess I got to fight the
boss hey man I've been voted against bad
Latinos whatever can you improve the
quality of the game a little what do you
mean improved the quality of the game he
wants you to make a better game he wants
you to to create a new game that is
better than this one better than this I
don't know if that's what he means you
might be fucking done this is one of my
favorites this is yeah this is fun I'm
enjoying us and that's me talking oh my
god right you're getting I'm gonna
fucking die here but I'm so getting your
ass okay anyone else want to play can we
get Ritchie through enough marriage all
right all right did this like this watch
me marry what does what here Jay I need
your pro tips which ever direction you
want
