Episode 007
Dig Up Stupid: Part 1
July 31, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz5kTbI6Rt8
___________________________________________

Oh No hello
I'm rich I'm Jack we're gonna play
shovel knight maybe maybe
what's their problem again oh I just
wanna you know before we actually
actually start I just want to do a quick
little audio check to make sure we're
not too crazy on the volume and the game
level will tell me you'll tell me if
we're too crazy on the volume we're
gonna start off Jay's not here yet
though we're gonna play ducktales
tonight because Jay really wanted to
play the ducktales but he's not here yet
he's seen a movie like the asshole that
is and so we're waiting framing before
that I really want to play shovel Knight
because I got my copy of shovel Knight
and I really wanna play Oh jack
yeah you have to remove skeletons
according to the check remove skeletons
already already already come on doesn't
take much no you gue fucks I have no
idea what we're gonna say he's seen a
movie I don't know he'll I don't know
he'll tell us when I get to I'm sure
okay this is my first time playing
shovel Knight I did back the Kickstarter
for shovel Knight because it looks
amazing this is my first time watching
shovel knight or Venegas there you go
you know I'm trying pop oh I can pop
this out like this so you can hear - oh
it's me that works
it's I'm ruff oh yeah we got a hunker
down and we got a remove skeleton okay
let's go start game
I'm so excited to play shovel knight you
guys more Jay on x-com Jay was never not
always gone Jay had a terrible time
during the X comes tribute I'm just
watching that game yeah yeah he's more
oh man how could anybody be bored from
XCOM he's not a gamer okay so we should
we need a name you should just be my
name should I be boring or should we do
something fun uh just something fun
okay guys what are we gonna do here name
suggestion we're waiting for you thread
chat oh yeah Jimmy Jim doesn't think
Jimmy dude about Mick Jim huh all right
can I add the mick
Jimmy I'll see if we're gonna have to
make this probably numbers probably not
gonna be room oh no no all right all
right Jimmy can they can get Jimmy Jim I
don't go back
oh no X it son thing oh yeah actually
actually I did be added back be erased
hey Lancer highway on highway on azusa's
we just didn't interview at Leon Labs is
this here we go Jimmy Jim got it done
some kind of Swedish something or other
oh man what is this what is the name of
Leon's website uh capiche capiche
capiche dot SE is that the Swedish I am
Not sure you tell us oh man here we go
shovel mother fuckin night long ago the
lands were untamed and roamed by
legendary adventurers of all heroes none
brighter than the shovel might and
shield night
[Music]
but their travels together ended at the
Tower of fade when a cursed ambulance
brought a terrible magic oh how it this
is cool I think
oh no shield shield Knights gonna show
this villain how can you tell rich this
helmet is awesome this whole game looks
awesome Leon's website is I'm still
bitter you killed me last week asshole
that is he you did get him killed you
you basically throw them out there and
let him die when you you could have
easily have killed that that thin man
with a missile with a rocket and got
everybody out hmm but you wanted to go
for it yeah I went for it I got in there
oh my god strike here whoa oh this looks
great
this looks absolutely great I love you
shovel where she could shovel okay so by
the way there are two buttons there's
Joe and Mary shovel really that's it oh
yeah that's it and the directional
buttons and down is like a looks like a
so I guess I shovel that Oh me and I
shovel that yeah listen you can jump on
it too with a shovel
yeah if you press down after jumping oh
okay no bumps jump you do like a bounce
jump I'll shovel that okay okay okay I
was reading a reading about this boom
hope they respond we start again real s
classic and apparently this is as close
to a NES game as you can get they added
two extra colors it sure it's just two
knots it looks more colorful in general
but this is the rumor
well other other than just pay left I
wonder if it would Rania hardware-wise
there's something different I don't know
but all I know is I've said into players
and this is awesome
[Music]
is it shovel shit checkpoint check mine
yep
can i shovel the grass no ok hey got a
check got a check these things oh you
know what else is odd about looking at
this widescreen widescreen Scheuer which
is great all right this is him bending
down it is done but it's just like a
millimeter you know it'd be great if
there's things you can actually dodge
that way though oh sure oh by the way I
just seem to think that is totally exact
tails bounce which is why we're playing
them together I thought they would be a
good match cuz that's how it kind of
goes it doesn't duck tails oh yeah yeah
Oh guys what you jump on his head
oh this is totally ducktail oh my god
this is great this is great yeah
shoveling oh man oh oh you know I'm
gonna show all those nope okay get out
of here
shovel it right into him no I can shovel
him okay I don't want them to respawn is
why I was doing that I do that I don't
know this is my very first time playing
the game I know nothing about this game
yes yes Jack remove skeleton
I finally remove the skeleton whoa oh
well not just got a shovel everything
now everybody's saying remove skeleton
skeleton and use go pine resin and I
will I will invest in resistance don't
worry gummies get out of here gummies
you try to shovel everything Joey you
[Music]
yeah like this looks like a secret yeah
wonder what those skulls do anything
right I'm gonna leave how long this time
Oh lockable music I assume maybe yeah
yeah fantastic
this easel is this making your inner
seven year old very happy this is this
feels like an NES game I wait I almost
wish I had a USB NES controller but I'm
playing on my trusty you can you can a
parent supposedly wire an olden s
controller to be USB
oh I'm sure and I kind of want to know
is what I'm saying
I'm just gonna jump on all the shit
that's what I'm saying I would enjoy
this better if I had an S controller
okay boom oh okay yeah you fuckin become
you its adult yeah but there's a secret
up here to hide we got serum holes from
the belt
[Music]
nothing
oh we really hit it from the side Oh
[Laughter]
gummy doesn't sell well it's my life oh
my life is like the red things wonder
what what the blue jars do well my dog
sure I think getting the blue jars for a
while now that's probably some kind of
magic something or other sure sure how
you gonna find me a dragon have a look
at we already beat a dragon I don't know
where I'll check fine ok great
I don't know where you guys are in a
stream button oh oh man can I get up
there
stay up there that looks like a secret
focus let me go you know up there looks
like a secret but I can't get up there
go I'll take it
ok let's go let's go I want to say I
kick-started at the like a Steve like
$10 level and I got the digital download
and now it's 15 so back remove skeleton
some point I'm gonna have to pick a copy
of this melt this looks great yeah oh
this is crazy fun can you get up there
no okay I don't want to go that way
though I don't think try bouncing on top
of the checkpoint I want what oh yeah
what's don't know why you do it because
I'm done and you know that about me well
yeah yeah we come on
somebody gave me a copy of new Vegas but
I have not gotten around to playing
again
mmm-hmm that's what yes sorry oh yeah oh
no branching paths guys but possibly a
long secret area oh yeah I knew one of
them was a secret area but you know like
if it's not like if the secret isn't
right there the question is what which
way is the secret area in which way is
the right way because obviously lying at
the cedar to here person you know what I
don't understand about the warp zones
and Mario Brothers okay like why would
you want to skip more than half of the
damn game I think that's like for
multiple playthroughs like for speedruns
in it why not
okay can I jump on the checkpoint oh you
can't jump on a checkpoint under can I
break through checkpoint I don't know it
doesn't appear to be doing much I don't
think I can break the checkpoint by the
way this is a heads up everyone you
cannot break the checkpoint oh what a
great idea
shovel my duty shovel shit what I get in
there then look at who they have that
letter did you miss something baby oh
you know you're one to make fun of my
laughs yeah damn them's fightin words I
went there sometimes
because it's just the noise that I make
sometimes settlement jamuns free oh my
god
yeah yeah you figure you're gonna like
this more than ducktales I don't know
this hasn't this is a night and so I'm
probably more apt to like this because
it has a night yeah I love the ducktales
cartoon okay so you bring
my favorite Disney character period yeah
yeah screw Mickey screwed Donald's from
goofy it's all about Scrooge is the
single most interesting character they
have most of it didn't fall down the
hole no I got ahead I got the big stuff
Oh Jimmy Jim's somebody's sang Jimmy
James Jimmy James yeah
like the gems you're collect man
whatever Jack so if you already seen
this message but at p.m. you on twitch
about sending a gamma scheme just send
me a game on Steam
I think we've we've talked to people
right now rich in eyes friend lists
we're full oh we can't accept more
friends and so what we need more than
games is those stupid trading cards cuz
we see this that's definitely getting
you like five and time five friends for
every level you get yeah but that's
where maybe every every time I I have a
friend slot open I get like 50 new right
but that's what I'm saying like if if
you want to friend us convince other
people to send us like cards and whatnot
to so we can get friends and more friend
slots rather they just sent the games
that's barrage it's all good thank you
by the way absolutely everyone who has
sent us a game we really appreciate it
like duck tales which we will be playing
later yeah I was never sent by a fan
absolutely
this is totally
area yeah I'm really secret because it
was really easy to come across but
shitload of gold
right well I'm sure you I got to imagine
things cost ungodly amounts of money in
this I'm sure what do you buy I have no
idea
oh I don't I I wish I could tell you
more about the game because I'm one of
those like I I did this Kickstarter and
I paid no attention to the updates yeah
worth it like we want community feedback
on like what we should do and I was like
fuck that just make the game I'm giving
you the money to make the game I don't
want any involvement because my ideas
are problem oh yeah
you know my ideas might not be the best
so it's like you do what you want with
your game yacht games ok can you kick
that over I don't think so you can hit
the top of it right but not like maybe
you got to do it when you first activate
it don't activate it first start my
search by jumping on it wait wait wait
oh wait come back and curious oh that oh
forget it like right I knew you chilly a
face sooner or later the sewer really in
what trillions really a coward turn back
overnight there's nothing here for you
waiting off stand aside Black Knight
I've no quarrel with you I must return
to the tower of faith your time away has
dulled your senses I'm I'm the Emperor
enough dandy
there's a concept album out there based
on Scrooge McDuck
is there really that sounds great that's
really funny groovy
oh no okay our first real boss battle
[Music]
ah oh okay so he's also gonna night I
mean aha shovel he thought it was
obviously oh he's kicking your ass no no
always laughing at you Jeff laughing is
your pathetic well I you know this is my
first of all God shovel blast can you
power up can you hold the shovel button
down and go maybe or maybe that's just a
boss thing I want to hit it more than
once but that's obscure I'm a no I
cannot charge up my oh yeah get out here
I'm that would've been so cool if you
manage to hit him in midair but you
didn't nope nope one more head jack yeah
m2o what I'm talking about
I'm gonna get it Oh feet accomplished
you take his head
I mean shuffles of danger oh no he's
fine oh yes we got we got the
annihilators I see I see the
annihilators on the table
we got your package with the
annihilators and troll right troll came
with that thank you thank you for
sending us the annihilators that will be
awesome
night has been removed but
[Music]
catch her Oh No
oh my god you guys this is getting
artistic I just had a dream I had to
catch a falling lady Oh wake up wake up
this is how I can do oh there you go dig
the fire you buried your fire that's
nice well yeah babby gotta be cool about
560 critics really you too Jay I yeah
I'm sorry too I did it and I'm really
sorry
and I'm sorry Rachel comic book series
they follow right now none I am been to
a comic book store in years like I've
said before the the moment spider-man
made a deal with the devil to end his
marriage it was the moment I said yeah
you know this isn't for me anymore this
isn't for me that's fair that's fair I
read a couple of the ultimate books I
really enjoyed the Bendis vaguely run of
ultimate spider-man I got a little old
got a little wacky towards the end you
know you know what ultimate spider-man
from let's start off really damn strong
yeah really good every story arc though
had to be serious serious ultra serious
as bad as it's ever been
he Bendis content ake it easy and do a
light heart of the spider-man story yeah
but I mean that worked for a long time
and then I got a little tiresome I was
really into it for the first four arcs
okay that's fine there's four arms yeah
I know usually so one with the patches
in it to thank you for the like I saw a
bomb squad passionate as cool as far as
Oh comic books I like past or present
yeah
see the old Rogers Stern and Tom DeFalco
runs on the amazing spider-man preacher
in
is fuckin awesome that's a bit of a
letdown but I I laughed really hard
reading preacher the watchman's classic
dear lady oh and it's a dear lady
Oh groan and just finish my thought
sorry
that's the earlier issues of the savage
dragon when he was still just a cop it
was great a guy you gotta get
superpowers or always him I guess he had
amnesia so but he just you decided
become a cop you didn't know I'm not
gonna become superhero fight crime just
got a regular actual legitimate
crime-fighting job which was a novel yet
logical idea yeah I really like the
power of series I've never owned it I've
heard it's good it's really good I can
lend you okay I have all the trains
sometimes okay really good really good
stuff Bendis this is good I enjoy that
this occasionally good he's overly
decompressed decompress story tellings
retakes seven issues to tell something
that time to fall go would have done in
one yeah but he lets it breathe gives
the artist sometimes it works and
sometimes it's just a drag alright
that's by the way that's fair puffin and
poultry mutton and meat your maximum
health will increase if you eat alright
you know you know how that storytelling
works in one big chunk but I don't think
I could read individual issues anymore
of Brian Bendis work just tell me what a
storylines done and send all of those
issues to me and I'll read them like
that I'll give you the trades only jobs
but I'm not reading half of a chapter at
a time
[Music]
all right say hey-oh when I was a small
child I thought Lobo was hysterical
it's the most immature thing in the
world is this oh yeah I want to do that
feat accomplished first purchase what's
a good place to start for somebody who's
never touched a comic in their life
don't it's an expensive hobby at this
point no it wasn't like five dollars an
issue now for shit now it is but but
like there are some really great deals
and life for like iPad readers and you
could probably find some good web comics
that are completely free to read I I
tend to skew Marvel because I just enjoy
their characters more they're more
realistic to me I think where's a good
place to where is it the place to start
though where did you start I started
with x-men I honestly I started with GI
Joe I think okay and those are still
great comics I love the old Larry Hamm a
GI Joes that's where they actually
killed people none of that none of that
fuckin parachute jumping out of the
airplane shit where's my life bar great
[Music]
but you know start start with the
classics I I really liked
we talked about this last room Sandman
mystery theatre yeah Sandman mystery
theatre like if you're into kind of if
you like Blade Runner like if you're
into pulpy new are that actually takes
place in the past I didn't really like
Sandman mystery there are some good old
things I could recommend but it's first
current ongoing things well yes that was
it with something classic and great so
they can read that and get into it and
then they can make their way through the
mind
I'd almost just stick with that like
what's the point in getting into the DC
Universe well I mean as the DC Universe
resets itself every five no then even
five years every every every year and a
half
everything's rebooted this is the post
post post crisis DC Universe no it's new
52 right yeah Infinite Crisis before
that or whatever was but they're
constantly fucking altering their
history they call that should've jumping
on plane I call it a jumping off it's
hard to get invested in a storyline when
you know it's gonna be irrelevant in
four months yeah did not know I could do
that
as long as I'm standing here mm-hmm
sure let's have a little game conjure up
some things and you can hit them towards
the targets for points what
what am i doing
oh my god
and I I'm not you know somebody's
supposed to get he's a comic book artist
and offended Oh in the off chance that
that's an honest person like I know not
Freight Williams yeah was it was fan
don't want to offend any kind of food
artist I mean they do good work but you
have to admit it's an expensive hobby to
start it is like no especially like if
you really get into a story and then
you're popping down for for an issue
among before ya know it's it's expensive
and then like my wife and I like you
know we hit we got the fireproof file
cabinets that we organized and you know
then you need a board and plastic for
every issue and it it gets expensive
yeah I've actually been thinking about
selling my collection really yeah I
haven't I haven't touched any of those
issues in years
all right that's fair I mean I could
probably get a couple hundred bucks for
my mic Gwen states
Glen Stacy death issue sure
oh hell what
yeah I don't have apple
[Music]
you can still up for a total of five
dollars yes I know I know I don't know
hey this is sorry guys I'm just I'm just
read read paperbacks you actually read
any good books lately Jack no I think
I've talked about this before I read a
book so bad that it turned me off of
reading for a while I read a book that I
was really excited to read it was I'm
not gonna say what it is because I'm
gonna be a nice guy and it was so bad I
actually have not picked up a book in
maybe six months because it was so bad
and I like reading so I'm gonna go back
what I here's what I do every time I get
off of reading I go back and I read my
childhood favorite book the ear the eye
and the arm by Nancy farmer it's a kids
book it's like a kid's it it's like
Goonies but set in South Africa really
amazing book the ear the eye and the arm
so I'm gonna go read that and then get
back into that yeah I read a book so
terrible and I've mentioned before the
stream there was video game related and
it was so dull that it caused me not to
like the medium of books well that's
that's the hardest thing about like
novels thing knowing what to read yeah
cuz there's so much shit out there and
there's so much crap yeah how do you how
do you separate the the meat from the
chaff is that the right expression I
remember there's something there's
something from the chat whatever but
I've recently read something called off
to be the wizard okay it's it's it's
like a standard s fantasy novel crossed
with like a matrix kind of thing Oh
the premise is that all of reality that
as we know it is a computer simulation
like there's not even an actual human
body like our universe is running in
some kind of alien computer system and
it's nerdy kind of guy figures this out
find some kind of file and you all do
this file you change reality okay and
you can actually use it to go back in
time so it goes back to medieval England
they decides it's got to pass himself
off as a wizard oh sure with his reality
author in a computer program oh that's
fun it's a clever take on fantasy okay I
can't remember the author's name but I
know he's does some kind of website
called basic instructions that's all I
know about the guy gonna get me a horse
stupid horse stupid horse
you can give me you can't fuckin give me
you're a horse maybe it's wheat separate
the least imma I did stand on that one
did you read that I will not talk about
the letter with the annihilators that is
that is not my call or decision why
yeah okay good books you know what fuck
I really love food Fletch yeah if you
guys like detective books and here's the
thing I actually liked the book Fletch
so much I hate the movie which everyone
seems to enjoy and I don't know why they
enjoy it because compared to the book
garbage and the book is brilliant
Fletch is a great detective story about
an investigative reporter
it's brilliant Fletch put up book I like
called on a pale horse okay
it's about a guy's kind of done on his
luck and strength commit suicide okay
and as he's about to pull the trigger
the Grim Reaper actually walks into his
door to take him sure and just kind of
instincts he turns the gun on the Grim
Reaper and kills the Grim Reaper so he
has to become the new death okay that's
a really good book I've always loved
that one Piers Anthony Piers Anthony
yeah okay try companies I'd like to
viene yeah
Balam Allah not my call
oh yeah you can destroy the checkpoint
did you get anything extra for doing it
yeah piece of gold oh nice jewel I got a
big jewel but first up now probably if I
die though I have to go although to the
eye I don't get the checkpoint oh so you
didn't get the checkpoint but I just
really got a big piece of gold which is
that's being said I see a big I did that
it's the same for a big trip runner if
you've ever played bit.trip runner
um oh I'm onto your game I'm onto your
game Oh
oh my god he is out of my damn attack
from the rear Oh attack from the rear
wait I gotta wait till you jets there we
go I always got a shot sorry I'm kind of
switching my attention I swear you want
a chat that's all right yeah fucking
gotcha bitch
I live literally yeah yeah
Polamalu not my call okay I'm now
ignoring you Baba for oh I probably need
it oh fuck I needed them there oh wait
they respawn they respawn because it's
like an NES mm-hmm yeah oh oh oh
boom doo doo doo
so uh yeah gotta destroy it and I get a
bunch of goodies oh no I should have
seen that coming
swinging chandeliers and games are never
good oh honey
[Music]
oh yeah boom chocka Locka boom
um Archon Jack I don't try to name my
daughter rich Evans I think that the why
does that make you how does that make
you guys feel um I think she yeah that's
great idea
it'd be a beautiful name for any young
lady or boy that's that's almost as bad
as that guy that named his son Anakin
after a fictional character and murdered
on a school full of children I think
that'd be a good idea you ready for this
yeah an actual child's name I have a
friend of a friend of a friend all right
actual child's name Tron that's an
actual child things I mean your options
are nearly infinite right absolutely
works q1 Clark's you some gems oh sure
Tron is the worst okay yeah
oh that's weird I don't know what this
is what do you think you're supposed to
do here I don't know oh that is clever
that is clever
it's fucking gay man I tell you one in
the village or out in the field I have
all the deals you're not gonna believe
what I just found in this chest yes on
your fiery blasts sure hold up and press
X okay watch a magic meter Oh finally
something to use my magic meter for okay
oh that's nice when I coughs for magic
yeah oh oh did it totally did it's
relatively expensive Jack and carefully
oh you almost got your ass burn I didn't
though meet my son troll too right yes
by the way there's still better than
truth hello man
oh yeah chicken when I went out chicken
ah no you know cuz people tend to get
nicknames yeah
troll - and Tron would end up both being
called troll oh man
but which is the secret way try this
very first I'd imagine the one without
the letter yeah that's really no
checkpoint of every checkpoint there
okay
this one had a letter to remove open huh
yeah but I'm gonna say because the
checkpoint this is no absolutely here I
mean that's dumped straight oh yeah Oh
fireball hey boy oh I can deflect it
with my fucking shovel dog all right
yeah
get that gold get that gold Tito otro 2
would be Tito yeah seed up oh there's a
whole bunch of special up here Tito
oh no whoa but up Tito that's the next
character name I knew there's another
secret in here
double secret double secret dog skin
loves its secrets well it's a nice fine
that's fine this is a lovely throwback I
just want to say that like this this
looks like a lot of fun this is a lot of
fun after I beat this next boss I will
hand over the reins to her alright
alright um my name's Jay might be her by
then unless he's just not coming I just
I guess it's a possibility
moving this is this is how it should be
done you know I was having I did play a
lot more of 1001 spikes yeah
and it never felt great to me well it's
not real it's not really a platform game
1001 spikes is a secret puzzle game it's
not it's not about the jumping it's
about figuring out right how you're
supposed to jump I was calling it a king
to a racing game where a racing game
where it's only time trials where all
you're concerned about is is that
figuring out but it's not just speed
though because you can run to it fast
but if you don't know the exact correct
way to run through it you're gonna die
absolutely oh no I only meant that
racing game in like the time trial sense
where it's like if you don't take this
turn at this exact time the runs over
you know so yes it's just about
memorization spiked to three jump - yeah
refire and duck and knife and knife and
I didn't I didn't I can see why you
wouldn't like that if you just want a
pure classic side scroller that's not
really what it's trying to be no it
is what it is get out of here yeah Oh
kicking it in I got chicken from the
Griffins totally a turkey look how big
it is it's shovel my world it could be
anything we want to see maybe it's a
trip north I want to be a turkey okay is
it certainly anything you say Oh things
- oh I could get something up there see
it's a trip north oh fuck and now it's
start over at the beginning because I
got all the checkpoints I'm sorry John
you want to do this yeah sure yep that's
a train so um up and up and shovel shit
you just press down I'll press and
hold-down yeah press and hold-down I
don't even think you have to hold on
just press the hey Ron yeah shots switch
spots hello change places next to good
beverage I see
yeah I'm used to ducktales with the pogo
jump oh sure sure
smooth yeah I died and it happens that
was my first death of the game though
and it was a dumb debt twos it was me I
wanted to make a jump and then I tried
to unmake my jump halfway through the
jump and it didn't work
sorry about that while trying to figure
out controls this game worth 15 first
impressions is yes because I you know it
depends if you like this kind of
platformer you know how do you feel
about Megaman you know like how do you
feel about ducktales where to me this
game seems like it would have enough
content to be worth 15 unless you're
talking about 1,001 spikes in which case
wait till it Sunsail for under 5 wow you
really don't like that game i I'm really
disappointed by that game but I think it
was my own expectations it's why I I was
expecting the gimmick with a thousand
lines minutes soundless Hank you
frightened
hey max said holding down he'll get it I
see that little crest yeah Sika diamond
secret oh my god I was expecting I was
expecting more of a spelunky and and it
wasn't that and and so I blame more my
expectations but even when I won I never
felt
I never felt during that like I won you
know like it was like oh I finally
figured out what the developer wanted me
to do you know I don't know I've never
felt I never felt great about it even
though I beat I beat the game but I
never felt great about it this is great
though this this is the shovelknight I'm
having already I'm having tons of fun
with what are you all drinking I just
opened an ice cold and very refreshing
old Milwaukee
horrible show no I'm not saying shovel
knight is as good as Megaman I'm just
saying if you like that type of game you
will like shovel knight and they are
similar in styles is all I'm saying
let's see here
why do you disappear when you get hit
because the refresh rate on the capture
card is slightly different than the
refresh rate on our computer monitor and
so the phase is out of sync so he he
blinks when we get hit but because their
refresh rate on the capture device is
slightly less you don't see the blinking
you just see when he's not there it's
actually kind of neat just say the magic
doesn't it's the magic oh the magic does
it oh did you see what you did there if
you press up and shovel yeah you shoot
the fireball okay great well I'm water I
gotta get that so I look up there that's
some kind of omen go around and just
drop down so we're okay
yeah so you don't have to worry about
that no I'm not drinking the Beast the
Beast is Milwaukee's best this is Old
Milwaukee very very big difference let's
see here remove capture card yes yeah
right if we remove the capture card you
won't see any blinking so it's just an
interesting it's an interesting bit of
refresh rates and frames per second and
it's it's if you if you're a nerd here
you're interested in that kind of stuff
but nice rich thank you notice I didn't
have to lie about the power outage
Monday night oh man I did not finish up
a case of natty ice we had a very real
power outage in my neighborhood
and it caused all the stuff in my
refrigerator and you see the black bit
of goo on okay it caused all the stuff
in my refrigerator to go bad power was
up for like seven eight hours and and it
was no fun and was no fun at all and I
felt really bad because we had some very
important work to do Sunday night so I
moved the stream to Monday here at red
letter media we had some very very
important work to do I think it's great
watching the samurai cop is very
important work
[Laughter]
rich and Jack I named three npcs in my
DMV campaign always been spamming that
message all night Oh has he
yeah oh well thank you listen boy Oh
what does that do already
smash but ever let me get up there oh
wait wait thanks for fresh right no you
just can't get out there easy can you
jump on the Booker nah he's fun that's
fun
did you not get here no I know your past
where I was I have not played rogue
legacy I am interested in playing rogue
legacy I don't know you know I'm not
sure I'm not sure it's my type of game I
actually I think I bought it when I was
on Steam sale I might have bought it I
as steam sales normally go
I forgot all the things I bought oh and
jump up yes I'm - Ellie I may go now
you'll buy something for two bucks and
then just forget that it's in your wall
but I think I have it I think I have
rogue legacy and I kind of want to play
it I'm actually you know I've been I've
been let down by a couple pixel art I
love his swap his spotted like and get
to stop man
[Music]
yeah rogue legacy's seems like you like
it would be really fun to play for maybe
like 10 hours and then I'd probably get
really bored of it and so like oh that
was the other thing
no I hate to keep harping on 1,001
spikes damn but you can unlock extra
characters right and here I'm thinking
oh great I'll get to have different
skins while I play the game right no you
have to read replay the exact same
levels as like 50 characters oh no now
you're totally gonna die
welcome to die rich Evans Oh Jack fuck
marry kill
shuffle night XCOM dark souls a fuck
shovel knight it seems like it's the
most fun Mary
XCOM because it's the most interesting
and kill Dark Souls or else it'll kill
me that's really easy
[Laughter]
Mary XCOM yeah yeah she'll live yeah you
got the vigil no no you got me no one oh
yeah you got fire oh yeah I mean you're
probably gonna die
that's not even hits from pits and those
things here again I'm sure oh that's
alright that's right you wanna give
another go yeah okay give it give it
another go do did you um did you remove
skeleton
I'm sorry these people
[Music]
shovel knight such a fierce and
passionate lover I agree yeah Dark Souls
hates my dreams too oh you got Pogo dog
don't forget your Pogo yeah you time
that shit as I'm saying an NES
controller would be it would be helpful
here come on magic okay that's alright
you can give
oh yeah hit win money summoning
oh sure sure nope you can do it you can
do it no I can't
I believe in you I don't
[Laughter]
so no cash no I'm losing all of your
gold check you're losing all my gold
oh you lose gold when you're dying yep
we'll stop oh you can get it here pick
it up you'll get it back
[Music]
yeah yeah junket I'm actually I'm
tonight I'm gonna go home and buy a Nana
NES USB controller absolutely just to
play this game because I think I would
really enjoy that okay yeah it's I agree
they're probably insanely cheap so I'm
really going to enjoy that Oh rich
suggestions from the chat is a get good
someone to fuck off
Oh guys Richardson's you should fuck off
[Laughter]
yeah right now we're using an Xbox 360
controller on this but you know this
this is cut it we need a thin rectangle
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay get good net we're working on him
rich and Jack Futurama says that
Milwaukee is the most romantic city in
the United States is that true no
obviously that was just jokes don't you
people understand jokes since you
understand that Milwaukee is the butt of
every joke Oh what's Oh oh my god that's
Mario style Mario free action oh you
gotta fight him now how much would you
love this an award for the nostalgia
factor Jack like well it's very good
it's adorable
sure you mean like what if you didn't
grow up with a Nintendo would you just
feel like what the fuck maybe I don't
know I mean it plays very well you know
jump jump hit repeat yeah it's simple
and so I think I don't know we'll have
to talk oh I'll have to talk to some of
the younger people in the chance someone
who didn't grow up with an NES who did
not grow up with Mario 3 and/or Megaman
whether they would enjoy this kind of
stuff I mean that's a that's a tough
call rich that is a really tough call
let's see here
[Music]
so here's the thing here's the thing
let's see here there are we I'm trying
to read the chat here you grew up with
an Xbox one oh no an Xbox one like the
first Xbox or an Xbox one the first
excellent
you know kudos to Microsoft for that bit
of naming confusion they have now
foisted upon the one I think we call the
X bone X bone yeah you know pixel art is
getting a little tiresome ah and hard
for the sake of heart is getting a
little tiresome but probably I'll press
up and you're gonna I just learned them
nice this does it right though this this
doesn't right you know like as long as
the art is interesting I don't care if
it's pixel or super shiny right so here
you're a knight with a shovel I would
not care if this was super flashy art
thinks something's gonna brag happen if
I go back to town maybe even if I go
back to town anything if I go back to
town even if I go back to town anything
if I go back
