Episode 008
Dig Up Stupid: Part 2
August 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjtLnfEpwHQ
___________________________________________

if I go back to town maybe did you read
what he said no yeah all in bank
attention
hmm something seems fishy always that
guy back in town going on about oh no a
lot of track back there oh yeah oh yeah
yeah let's go back down oh okay so you
can direct it out or you can go down to
that cue and play the suspect and try to
beat this Specter night okay so you can
do either this is just like new now I'm
just assuming I can do both mm-hmm okay
you do what you want rich I don't know
what vector night is it's a different
kind of he's a different kind of mouse
oh just regular level yeah it's just
it's a regular oh no oh oh little bouncy
bushes um I have played Psychonauts and
I did not much care for Psychonauts oh
oh look at that
now that's a jams a lot of people praise
Psychonauts
and I to be honest with you so and
understand why the entire game was
nothing but tutorials in every single
level was a different game that was a
tutorial level on before it it was
really frustrating to Tim Schafer's
masterpieces confederal and I will play
that as soon as it comes out from Evita
oh my god there's a ghostie
that's really neat I like that oh nice
bt-dubs bacon has bombs oh you fucked up
now Oh waist yeah yeah was rich yeah oh
no Psychonauts was a really like the
story and the characters in the setting
was a really fun idea I really enjoyed
that but the game of the video okay
that's where I have my problem ah that's
where the fault in it was but like no
the characters were really fun the story
was really nice but I just I got really
oh oh ah Monkey Island you know like a
lot of the old adventure games I did not
play oh you damned soul Oh cuz I can't
get up there now because I'm just ready
to go fast enough for now now yeah ah
fuck I did not play a lot of the old
adventure games because I did not have a
I didn't play many computer games
growing up didn't have a computer on the
farm oh my god
so you know
yeah I know I hear really good things
about like monkey island my a my only my
only dip into adventure games pre a
couple years ago was the NES version of
maniac mansion which is a terrible
version terribly NES version ok the NES
version is a terrible way is a terrible
system to play an adventure game on
instead of a mouse you have to know the
cursor was hurt with the with the with
the d-pad and that is no way to play an
adventure game so I'm sure that that
ruined adventure games for a lot of
people food that was their first fuck
yeah dog no PC for farmer I know we did
not have a computer we did not have a
computer on the farm oh my god see
anything that's the fish tick
Polly shores son-in-law is worth based
on Jack Packard's life yeah
I've seen that movie that's Jack my
girlfriend wants to know if you came
from Russia no I did not come from
Russia
what would make somebody think you came
from Russia I have no idea there's
something I can put them on here let's
see here
back I know I'm sure I would like monkey
island I've I've I've tried getting into
adventure games now as an adult that I
like a lot of them but she hated the
walking dead game
I haven't played I'm sure I'm going to
hate the walking dead game thought you
said you hated it I I played a little
bit of the walking dead game and I'm
sure I'm gonna hate it I actually want
to play it I want to play the walking
dead game to make sure that I'm going to
hit because if if the little bit I
played and what I've heard is any
indication there is very little game to
the walking dead yeah and I like games
I don't like story I mean I like story
stories a nice addition to a game but
there's gonna be more than one type of
game Jackson but then don't call it a
game call it a caller to choose your own
adventure novel that's you know like
it's not a game they probably don't know
what else to call it actually do mean
calling in and I said I have no idea
maybe they're calling in
so you're talking all this shit but I
know it so I want to play it
Bal mama I I can't just ban you if you
keep spamming this is the thing I've
been I've been gleefully ignoring you
and so we can you can't have a job you
said you stopped but yeah we're not just
gonna give you a job
you just sent us a tape right thank you
thank you
Alabama ah so that is all thank you
let's see a visual novel if it's called
the visual novel if the Walking Dead is
called a visual novel like then I just
don't give a fuck about visual novels
and then I'll be fine with that
am I trying to define art I am trying to
do well you know I'm doing I'm trying to
define art categories right a theater is
an art it's an art I don't much care for
and so I know going in I probably won't
like going to the theater that's just
one of those things
so you know visual novels I probably
won't like like Phoenix right at least
has a little bit of challenge to it like
you have to figure stuff out what was
the other one professor layton I really
dug that Professor Layton game but I
mean those are those are puzzles so
that's kind of a different thing pick a
choice the game exactly Asians Iran -
Tron hmm not my kind of thing
Wow why do I hate the fan so much that
you can't even give them a job you fraud
it's true it's true
I hate everything and everyone like I've
mentioned many times not my call okay
five Alabama
maybe if I can ban you yep there we go
bye okay let's move on now
patek confirmed freighter absolutely
everyone I think I think I just gave him
I gave them enough warnings let's see
here
am i the heir apparent to HP's company
in Fortune mr. Packard no I have nothing
to do with the Hewlett Packard
corporation I have nothing to do with
the Packard automobile and if anyone has
ever been to cut a--have I have nothing
to do with Packard Avenue those are the
kind of things that people ask oh you're
you're waiting alone isn't enough huh
finding these little platforms to go up
and down ah that's just me standing at
it it doesn't move you mean an enemy on
there oh that's cool things but an enemy
or one of those see all the skulls that
they drive can you move that thing
that's skull ah try that seems that
seems to weigh it down
Obama says you're welcome Jack what
games you have 500 hundred hours in
according to steam I have 900 hours in
Team Fortress 2 I don't have 500 hours
in any game rich well at 500 hours of
the XCOM yeah rich as may be thinking of
X comma I'm a fucking psychopath 4x yeah
so I probably had 500 hours of Team
Fortress 2 on my old xbox360 before I
got steam before steam was on Mac but
now you know that's how we do it I can't
you can well I'm so back I'm sorry I'm
just laughing at the chat oh let's see
here 900 yeah 900 hours is a lot into
Team Fortress 2 but I really like it
it's my favorite game
it's the game I have more more fun in
than any other game and and yes a lot of
people have way more hours in that into
dota 2 so we have a phase lock it now
give a 100 so you can like oh nice we
switched between the magical items no is
there a start
yeah oh start nice nice
rich has not tried Zeena not yet but he
wants to yes going he has it and he's
going to started suing I have to replay
XCOM in a month I'm starting month 5 3
dips I've already taken the little
spoiler for Jack and no other spoiler
for Jack
hey spoiler I didn't say okay I used I
was going to - oh yeah oh yeah it was
going for me no yeah I do
I haven't got a chance to play with many
of the new weapons in the Team Fortress
2 update yet I'm looking forward to
getting some of them the the the
parachute looks really fun and oh and
the new Demoman shield I like demoknight
demoknights a really fun class and so
I'm looking forward to messing around to
do new Demoman shield so whoo that's a
good question Kellis m8 jack fuck marry
kill
rich Jay and Xena Warrior Princess
I would like to fuck and marry Xena
Warrior Princess and kill both Richard
yes that's the only answer Lucy Lawless
is my jam as far as I'm concerned she is
both my Jimmy and my jam all you might
be able to jump on that
no no that's weird Scotty another oh oh
look at that
yeah demoknights just one of those
stupid classes that like it's not a real
class still the Knights are kind of a
fuck nut class but I love him let's see
here
sorry rich have you ever reloaded an X
come save out of sheer frustration oh no
no I'm pretty good about salty Pope you
know even when I'm working you know
Ironman mode when the game first came
out Jack
I'm glitchy as hell okay there's a lot
of bugs next time so ice I didn't like
Iron Man but I self-imposing but my god
like I got like a glitch Midway during a
level uh-huh then I had real or say sure
and I got a glitch but I stole otherwise
I don't like reloading safe all right so
you win again you and hardcore you might
win hurt Howard in when I didn't have
too nice good man good man I given up
some games in frustration
Jack what do you think about the tf2
shorts especially the last one about
Brent they're all fun they're all super
fun and more so if anyone doesn't know
valve makes all of their animated tf2
shorts in a program called source
filmmaker which gives you access to all
of the which is free animation software
the valve right now we'll give you free
animation software there's no pile of
gold um oh damn I just got there come on
in full o 4 so it's free animation
software for 3d stuff mostly using the
Team Fortress 2 characters but you can
import other characters it's free
animation software that anyone can use
and people have made amazing stuff with
source filmmaker and so yeah I think
they're all good you know ok
back back to X numbers because I'm
thinking about we're talking on
reloading safes now there was one time
when I was reloading save or now well I
was I was specifically recreating the GI
Joes hmm and I wasn't so much playing
the play as much as I was just trying to
level up different characters so it's
like you know Snake Eyes would die
intermission yeah restart that driller
their code names the nicknames are the
GI Joe name okay and I put in the real
name was like the back of the file card
for Snake Eyes I actually put in flake
first name - - - last name classified
because they never give you snake eyes
and I'm with a character Chris I gotta
have a look as much as I could like the
character that's awesome yeah that's
really funny Oh Oh your face inspector
name
XCOM would be the basis for a great Jo
game it really wouldn't replace the
aliens with generic Cobra soldiers
absolutely I would play the fuck out of
that I'm sure there's a mod make it
happen make an ex-con GI Joe mod like
the sec toys would be those those
generic over troopers would like though
the mask over there their mouth I like
it sorry yeah you got out of it you got
out of it odd mutation fuck marry kill
transformers 1 2 & 3
I've only seen transport what does it
matter I mean basically the same I've
only seen the first one and I use guys
nasty all money god that's guys so bad I
love it yeah I mean you're probably
gonna die okay pull those up on this ha
drat oh god damn it
there's an ex-con Xena Warrior Princess
what I would totally play that oh my god
XCOM space cop wait we should make space
tell the difference yes by the way yes
balls are your friend no what's your
favorite Michael Bay movie The Rock The
Rock is great everyone knows that the
rock is great
aye but you're bad boys I enjoy both of
them of the bad-boy movies it's what we
were what we were talking about with
Leon sssss and in the interview before
the stream was that Michael Bay used to
be a fine Prevert of schlock and
somewhere along the line he started to
mess up his own movies and I liked it
when they were just mindless schlock
like the rock his beautiful mindless
schlock bad boys is dumb dumb schlock
and I loved every second of it but uh
you know once you start getting to
Transformers and you can't once you
can't tell who's blowing up who and then
it starts getting bad but in the rock I
knew exactly who is blowing up whom
everyone was blowing about the trusted
by the way is the answer right now
not anymore spoke too soon
oh my god no what do you mean I like the
rocket I don't care I don't care nothing
about none all right here we go
oh right Edie Harrison the rock was
awesome oh I'm sorry to do this beats
but hey tastes good yeah I guess yeah
yeah I'm reading the chat I can't I
can't watch uh watch what I'm fucking
doing here I'll watch it in the stream
oh yeah that looks pretty good the
island
oh no the island sucks what are you
talking about Oh God
it's a playable dream sequence see oh
they all have it oh I guess the other
ones were like playable oh my god oh my
god just all the enemies that's awesome
oh god catch her gotta catch her nice by
the way what does it mean when you say
based based yeah I don't know what that
means what does it mean when you say
based Chad because I don't know what
that mean is is he trying to say biased
are you trying to say did you misspelled
biased we'll see we'll see when the jack
catches up to what we just said if you
say if you meant biased then of course I
am I'm an individual with my own tastes
likes and dislikes everyone's kind of
eyes dog that's how it works guys
fucking summary okay I can go back to
the village it caused no trouble hi guys
ladies uh-oh ok so we just heard a
doorbell ding dong
so that means we're gonna take a little
break and we're gonna play a commercial
and we're gonna talk to some people and
we'll come back after we take a break so
we'll come over here to this hold on
guys and mute the microphone
hey guys I'm here with someone very
special
it's very true it's just me by myself I
see I just had a joke and I made it the
guys came back and rich has to go for a
little bit so I'm gonna be playing some
shovel knight shovel knight shovel
knight that's he just said that we're
out of the room I have Ju ruined
everything
what is shovel Knight it's a it's a NES
inspire the platformer it's very similar
to duck tales wow which is why we
decided to play it before it fails and
rich and I have been really doing it I
think you'll like you don't really like
it would so Oh Jesse James hey all the
Jesse James
alright thanks Joe hey oh I'm sorry guys
we she's a shiny one to a wild just
appeared and she's a shiny did you guys
tell me what based means cuz I I missed
that cuz base J's base time based oh
yeah sided stream started again
all right here we go we're leaving we're
going on another adventure we're going
on another shovel knight adventure how
do you do it here at the pond over it's
already won here
wait I thought I thought I went back to
town already how do we do this I don't
you know what Jessi I don't know either
let's really keep it up and then a door
hold on you have a shovel and you shovel
in case you were worried
thank you
we can we can tell you guys get a goblet
why should I
what was a goblet I don't want old
goblins or go head we're sitting in the
limey goblins I ain't got no Sangha I
ain't got I've got no real all bring his
both - and come on oh yeah I thought
these yeah oh we ever relic yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay
how much does a 12 pack of spotted Cal
cost not much it's a it's a very
reasonably priced beer
no it's like 15 I think about yeah yeah
it's it's not about is a is a cheaper
smaller brew I think there's more
they're in here yeah here's where the
chalices work right I like him I have
the frogman yeah
okay I'm at a chalice
I don't know to do it whatever that
looks like something yeah yeah oh sure
what did I say now uh no I have not
watched thunderpants since the best and
worst episode I don't know if I could
handle it watching thunderpants it you
know it's it's well I said I would wait
for you I'll watch it again I need to
see it I need to see Thunder pants
Thunder pants this one today Jessi thank
you for waiting for me yeah of course
the bard again okay I'm just doing kind
of meaningless bullshit somebody wants
you go back to the pond now those other
people watching oh now that I have a
chance I go back to the bomb I get it I
get it
oh I think that's blasphemy Oh Jessi's
laughs better than riches hi listen you
guys don't need to know yes don't need
to repeat this when rich comes back but
I agree yeah yeah I wonder are these
songs
it says they say to go to the pond every
move skeleton I don't know what that
means yet but that's a joke that's a
joke but I appreciate the joke okay I'm
gonna go do that yeah if I sound more
dry and best of the worst that's because
that's the way I'm edited so I can't
help that did you sound dry well this is
what I forget where it went
sure somewhere up here to run up it
won't happen to be either yeah Oh what
was that
I mean Jessi's usually the voice of
reason up and around here I try did you
use the skeleton oh now you know I found
a treasure thing that I can go through
so I went to the treasure thing sorry
that's it I'm just curious
yeah there
there's a bit tricky treasure here
get it get it nice nice we're getting
treasures Jessi killed it on Christmas
best over some more than killed it
Thank You Jessi made that episode
absolutely and and I mean I want to say
that whole drunken filmmaker rant was
all Jessi
okay so now you go back to to fully pond
oh shit oh shit what the fuck is this
this is chicken king fish go ahead with
my shovel
no oh oh my god this is great
oh he's flying away
this game is adorable there's no flappy
fish oh he's cute he's adorable
and I have to watch his little dance I
can't move I just have to watch his
dance for a little bit
yeah yeah that's a good thing that's a
good thing I don't know if that was him
or not but thank you for your patience
Jack and Jessi are best of friends
that's very true
yep we are besties for Emma do we decide
to watch him dick oh oh oh wait what oh
my god it's not he just gave him a
doobie Jim what is happening I know you
have it's still dance oh oh yes what's
company's oh no I used oh I didn't know
guys I used it I used my use my Jimmy
Jam before why are you glowing cuz I use
mine I used my Jimmy Jam too early I'm
sorry everybody
well what a waste yeah the forest of fat
rich already had the forest of phasing
yeah and did he die there yes yes he did
he died there I'm just saying I wasn't
here but well you know the ones we've
beaten have this little shovel heads I
don't think well here I want to go to
quest the plague night I want to fight
the plague night
sharpen nice shovel oh hey okay's bug
and get you buddy
I think play grant oh it's a play grant
that's funny I get it hi good like
historical yes this game also reminds me
of Super Mario 3 which is lovely it's
just a lovely little homage but you get
to play the shovel with the
motherfucking okay you get to play as a
knight with a motherfucking shovel not
the other way around
gonna be a niche any TV TV DVD making
the rats plot oh yeah they explode they
fucking explode yeah I didn't know I
didn't know that exploded now we do you
learn stuff
Jimmy's dams bad oh yes this game is to
shoot my brothers 3 what Binding of
Isaac is to Legend of Zelda Absa that is
a great observation whomever said that
because it's absolutely true this guy's
tell these sin they should dig faster I
got hit by that I got hit by a jimmy-jam
died a little bit that's ok we're coming
back this is what happens when you dig
faster
if I give me know if I can make it back
to my bags in time I think I get I get
my treasure back
now your rap daddy rat exploding rat
not beyond not doing the dance Jack you
shouldn't die
oh yes that's what I was saying guys I
told you to dig faster is set to dig
slower well I assume that there's no
girl named Justin so that's why I'm not
assuming that everyone in here is that
they're all guys so someone named Justin
I can probably assume that it's a guy I
mean Justin is it a man's name yeah
I'm sorry if I offended anybody um Oh
spike skill even right away that's good
to know ya know you just out of juice
yeah that's all right
70% of your female doubted I've seen our
even our stats before I pay attention in
YouTube statistics
I know what's going on most of the time
oh it's flow to read
how did Harry fucking rat know there's
problems with girls here I know there
are girls like in life in general yeah
that helps it was just een then they
spelled their name wrong that was the
saying Justin I mean yeah that's funny
you know that is that's funny yeah okay
all right we're getting there guys we
are getting there
treasure with sauna - oh fuck you game
well you have to say it if you're
laughing look uh I'm sorry I'm sorry
Jessi is funding some of the chat
amusing so congratulations
congratulations to whatever whomever is
making Jessi Diego someone said to stop
Jimmy jammin Oh Jimmy Jam too much I'm
sorry everyone
and I killed the checkpoint I need to
stop I need to stop killing with
checkpoint I'm sorry everyone I'm
failing but for in my defense rich Evans
has been playing for the past seven so
you need to jump on the platforms and
the spikes are bad yes I have noticed
that thank you
to whomever pointed that out yeah
avoiding spikes is basically basically
try not to die that's that's my strategy
right now is I'm trying to attempting to
stay alive me to UM we're gonna be good
eat well you get that and you need to
kind of be you know medium digging and
ease up on the Jimmy James so it's
totally necessary that's me that I'm
giving you this advice yeah you're
saying he's up on the Jimmy dams just
until it's the right time sure you are
all right dad you know what that's fair
that's fair I don't wanna turkey
okay now we're getting back into it no
this guy what is that guy I'm supposed
to tell you that if you remove the
skeleton that you move faster now that
I'm another joke I do think it's kind of
funny yep
that was during our Dark Soul stream uh
we were asking for people to help us cuz
we were dying so often yeah and people
were telling us to remove skeleton which
is not something you can do in Dark
Souls uh you got Jimmy jammed oh my god
what I don't know that's did someone say
that no that's me okay
oh I'm talking to you you are I'm
sitting on your knee and you're doing a
great job thank you this one this is
look at this little like chemistry set
here it's pretty nifty
this is an adorable game it really is
it's really cute
whoa yeah yeah watch out for that get
out of here
that app spikes spikes a bit yes
Jessi's chat chat is Jessi deck can't
talk to girl I do I have issues talking
to girls yeah yeah girls in general are
pretty and snow mice and oh my god I
don't know if you guys can hear that
rich is never coming back
yeah they're filming at all I can't help
rich I can't you can't watching I'm what
I'm reading comments to Jack I'm sorry I
can't
hey yeah Jack are you saying that I am
NOT pretty at somebody oh no I was
saying I was having difficulty talking
to you oh that's what that was I was
having difficulty talking to you oh and
so oh my god you can bounce this shut
the hell up
and therefore you are pretty instalments
Oh Oh Oh Jack you smooth talker okay I
went and I helped rich and he's okay
okay everything is fine how are you so I
saved him and everything is fine
everything is fine
no need to worry no need to panic made
me panic a little bit I mean just just
for shits and giggles but I did help
rich and he's fine
we're game the whole one chance
oh yeah Oh apparently there's talk of
Jay playing one chance did you hear us
in here I could hear you a little pal
fuck yeah we can hear you a little bit
good the stream yes they could
yes they cream you there's a special a
special gift to those who came out to
the stream yeah
okay all right getting back into it
you're welcome for you thank you card
oh that's kind of hot
someone says Jack even Jessi could beat
this and I think that they're right I'm
not doing so hot at the moment and I
agree with that but I'm getting there
I'm getting there
I'm not I'm not nailing it right now I
am not killing it but I'm doing my guys
I'm doing my best
Oh removed jack playing poorly you're
right you're absolutely right sorry
maybe if you would have removed the
skeleton we won't be in this funny guy
could probably tell me right hi Ricky
tell them that I see you
Jessi saved me from certain death see
told you I've never seen somebody so
small with the bus that large see guys
and that was really fast
I'm also super fast super fast yeah well
when I hear it you know when rich is in
danger
I go in I assist that's right did you
hear that incidentally yeah oh yeah I'm
bear it they have any idea what's going
on no not so ever okay good
anybody in a threat guessed it mark huh
nope no fridge I'm dying
I'm dying over here Oh suck a game jack
it's true I'm bad at games in general
I'm dying a little bit there's spikes
now okay and spikes instantly just a fly
that was funny I couldn't run so fast
everybody stopped IV
someone something you should use the
items I have been forgetting to use my
magic yes you should do that I know I'm
sorry I'm sorry everyone the invisible
one cure spikes oh it's right I forgot
about that
I suppose we're gonna make room for
three on the sculpture I think we can oh
no you have to type less for type less
for rich so he can catch up yeah song
okay remove spike remove spike yeah if I
could and no use pine resin
I know jokes don't get all jacked they
just get recycled place in spikes
ability we just survived apparently if
you make the size of the spy could fine
oh oh oh oh my god I've never done this
bad before I've never hit those spikes
before so I'm doing a new kind of bad
which I oh you got lucky there a
motherfucker
apparently that is not a insta that is
not a pit
whatever oh that's that's a nasty trick
right there and then yeah so yeah yeah
time is low visibility visibility listen
bill
