Episode 009
Dig Up Stupid: Part 3
August 2, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg9wv7rv2Pk
___________________________________________

oh he's your invisibility Thank You
passive I'm gonna second the best it's
what's coming up with I'm gonna have to
use my invisibility boy okay so then we
go here what are the cups oh I use one
already freak bill magically refill
magic Amaya Billy
pick it up which I won't use yet I
accidentally use the other Cup which
made me invincible for 10 seconds which
would have been really helpful
Oh in your chemistry with this level is
terrible
yeah thank you everybody one checkpoint
no I cuz I killed the first one oh no
you know what it was dumb I did it I
regret it surely you've learned not to
listen to people in the chat by now no I
wanted to do it but you didn't know
about that until they said you're good
and then you're all about doing it yeah
cuz it gives you more gold I wanted the
gold and I'm losing oh my a losin the
gold by dying I know that now rich -
through this whole bottle by shell I
know
now well is that I'm not this is saying
I'm not feeling it here ya know this is
Jack do you think you you want to take a
break oh my god
do you think that you want to take a
break I wanna get past this at least let
me have some sort of let me have some
some dignity back
yeah at least get past the spikes I
don't know about that yes if you order a
spacecraft poster you can have anyone
sign it
no except for like Abraham Lincoln or
something you know that is so strange
that you're thinking the same thing it's
gonna say I was gonna say except for
Abraham Lincoln but not just like dead
famous person Abraham Lincoln Lincoln
specific dead person huh you and Rick
huh all right mental transference are
just bad jokes my stupid is rubbing off
on everybody that's funny is that yeah I
was calling that I was gonna say famous
person that I
pretty basic you're still doing based
yeah and I still don't know what it
means I think I think it's a mr. biased
oh sorry
you're not here oh no oh no everything's
around jack fucked everything hey guys
it's true
okay fine doing
based equals good tastes okay okay no
this means it's somehow that it means
make a game mega game I can only assume
that that based is a lot like pone and
it's it's a misspelling of biased and
now now that is the oh yeah and that is
this person spelled it right yeah that's
good that's a good job congratulations I
died again yeah yeah
what's new can't handle a few spikes I
guess yeah thank you trying to use the
item in I think the item is fucking me
up more do you think that maybe you want
to let rich play that's fine yeah thanks
Jeff for real magic oh damn the Davy
Crockett isn't here soon
we need virgins it's weird I was just
gonna say I'm supposed to tell you to
stop dying oh thank you thank you I
think that was no problem
hi you-you-you chat guys just you crack
me up with your wackiness a lot of
wackiness over here does he has the
Eagles somebody in the chat made her
giggle congratulations
rich can't even lift a bust why trust
him to play well how the fuck do you
know I can't lift a bus you say you
couldn't lift the bus cos just he had to
lift it off here yeah that's because my
arms were pinned
uh-huh by the the second bus that was
near the first bus se is based oh my god
I was laughing at the one that says
where'd it go no Jessi please relay this
message to Jack you suck that's for me
oh thank god checkpoint man hey I did it
guys I did it so fuck you guys
that did it
what Oh jack
I bet I just got the checkpoints ahh ok
fuckin oh no I think I think Jay wants to
play doctor house no not yet no not yet
don't go I'm working yo days working yo
so this is what is this called shovel
shovel knight shovel look and your night
so yeah a little shovel it's great oh I
get it do you
oh no Jack I know I'm ruining everything
but I can't I can do it cell phone oh
yeah
it's fine fine fine I'll do it I'm
supposed to tell you that you were doing
better five minutes ago was I no I was
dying five more I don't know how they
haven't seen this yet I was probably
doing more entertaining five minutes ago
stream isn't five minutes behind Ridge
no I was dying a lot before and now I'm
doing good so it's an it's less
entertaining for them oh I get it let
let rich plain huh why isn't rich plan
there God give the controller to rip I'd
really love to see rich belly this game
uh-huh uh-huh why is Jack still playing
rich is sitting there uh-huh when when
rich is on screen he should be saying
things at all times
what's the poochy one what I'm cheap
what she needs to say more thing when
and when who's not on camera other
characters where's Buchi that's what I
was thinking of when rich is not playing
other people should be saying why is it
really
yeah I'm winning shuffle em yeah shovel
we want rich but yes rich great very
rich Evans yes all these things are true
these are no I'm saying in general yes
rich was great that is a general
statement of truth oh I want jumps he
means business all right
don't you see they're lame
Oh check what this we've not wait for em
he's killing you hey no okay way home
run at what cost
I'm a I have a super potion that'll do
man
that'll heal me and all my dams when you
want to save that for later
I mean maybe I don't know what is that
it's a goblin of some sort
unless some nasty timing I knew that was
gonna hear yeah I got I missed I lost
the rhythm the rhythm is gonna getcha
bed and it's gonna getcha Hey
I mean sure it was smarter to run away
but was it is much fun that's the
question that's that's a fair response
they just said car Oh No all right it's
all right I know I know I'm failing and
I'm sorry let rich play Jesus we'll play
again
you fucks be cool about fire safety
oh nice yeah that is true you should
rich can you give us a little fling cats
and goblins as a fucking goblin what are
you thinking of ghosts and goblins oh my
god he fucking died again so Sophie you
can't tell me how to play Oh
rich please help jack with fire safety I
know yes I need to be cool about it I
should come in here with a fire
extinguisher no just start spraying oh
well you're it please tell me when
you're gonna do that though I'm gonna do
it right now okay
they aspirated down Oh God
Wow that was terrible rich mister you do
a fire extinguisher I wouldn't try that
would be good that sounds like you're
making flan
ty again make a fire or no no fire fire
doesn't hurt him but I thought I had the
ultimate trick up my sleeve
climb up the ladder yes I is your
something done yeah what do you see the
tiniest flicker of flame what
don't you hate bottomless fence and
games yeah I do
yeah I like to see the bottom if I'm
going down there I'd like to see why I
don't know just just to know that you're
not just going forever maybe I know that
you come back and you get another life
but it'd be nice to you just see the
bottom you just see the body lay in
there and just so you know that's what
happened I think pits and game should
have bottoms but you shouldn't be able
to jump up high enough to get out
so you just trap so you have to choose
your own death yeah there's like a kill
button no use it you have to restart the
game oh that's harsh that is lexer yes
this gave the time to down okay I can't
even see the play and if there's even a
little bit of fun in touching me until
Jackie should destroy the checkpoint to
get gold we learned about that oh that
would've been funny if it would have
been great you're gonna get goblin Apple
Apple's are good for you
look at this shovel Joey Joey Joey - yep
okay chipper chipper
what I should do
yeah cool me nothing nothing folks we're
sorry about something we just signed up
someone else not you okay our other
friend Jack the slime Knights there may
be minutes London where am i oh yeah I'm
in plague
this is plague night fuck I slept
overnight it's like booger Nancy oh my
god hey Kim you can't get booger nights
where he's got an extraordinarily long
snot hanging out of his okay but why do
you suck that's that's the greater
question the you know I'm still learning
I'm still uh I'm still getting the
muscle memory check this is just like
games we played thirty years ago
yeah but I thinks a while though you
haven't learned by now you're never
going to know to get back in the groove
you know like it takes all the feeling
feeling it yo I don't understand what
you're feeling I'm feet there feeling
that doesn't make any sense it makes me
it made the shovel I think you're just
saying random thanks yes
as you know rich it's all about it's all
about fee you know I I dumped the letter
all tough like disagree I disagree I'm
kinda you got to be mmm I'm a man of
science and not motion yeah I don't
believe that nonsense I'm sorry no no
it's it's not it's not a oh my god lucky
again I got really lucky again no no but
it's it is about science it's about it's
about stop
it's about don't fuck you it's not not
thinking about the game it's about not
thinking about pressing X to shovel it's
just about shoveling you know when my
muscle memory isn't down yet and
eventually it'll be second nature just
movement will be movement and then I
will get good
don't tell you what I think yeah because
I think that I'm getting sick of hearing
this excuses yeah yeah that's what I
think mordioux Jack needs to be fired
from video games Oh be a doer be a doer
not a doctor not a donor get in
is it be able I want the villains I like
everybody I like how everything looks
really no I wouldn't jump on I said okay
I don't think you're gonna win oh no I'm
definitely not
nasty also keep pressing the link
buttons which is not help because you
have memorized that the buttons to thing
chef it's not rich it's not about
memorization
it's not about memorization or sorry Jim
Phelps what button yeah it's about it's
about internalizing the buttons so that
you don't think about pressing on which
means that you remember them really good
okay it's muscle memory
check your muscles your muscles don't
have members yes they do they your
muscles don't have brain cells they
don't have any way to to movement move
them with your spinal cord and not with
your brain this is a real thing this is
the real fed on hold on
oh I came close I came very close what
by using sonic potions here that portion
together is that program same one so
it's gone yeah oh that's bad yeah no now
I'm gonna die right away he probably
should have used your potion on the
first item I think I think that was a
boneheaded move I'm gonna tell ya she's
got a little bit of practice first huh I
do not use that potion until I had like
kinda campus health oh sure sure sure
yeah no no that's fine
it's fine
Jessi tell rich that the brain is a
muscle know them the brain is a brain
the brain is a brain future fucking boom
none else raise 2016 run for president
oh well that's what I was going for
there Oh
you
you know all these people but think
brains are muscles no surprise given the
intelligence level of our chat yeah if
only they had a brain where the brain
should be instead of maybe maybe the
world wouldn't be in the mess it's in
right now oh then you know that's a
little mean but uh no Jack Jack's gonna
keep playing he's not he's not offered
me a turn even though he just finished a
level I act young you know oh my god
comes back obviously I was in horrible
pain earlier and suffering and Jack
doesn't care how long you can keep my
Jack no you're welcome you do it I'm
sorry Jen you played I'm just being an
ass
Jack sleeping dude he's leaving
fucking he's leaving everybody I finally
I finally got rid of Jack this work it's
work yeah oh my god nobody call Jack
what I just said
dislike of rich Evans intensifying rich
rich is a bully you're absolutely right
people only use 1% of their muscles
that's probably true
co-op is their co-op scheme that'd be
great
hope you're better oh my god I'm just
cutting here's what I said it's not a
beer gettin wild huh see those sweet
Dodge motor jacks Dave but don't play
yeah oh and you know you can hit their
finger with your shovel
oh you fought this everyone know you
just in general oh no no that didn't
work at all that was terrible advice you
can hit other things away with my bad
thing
oh well sorry maybe try hitting it with
your shovel
I'm a mediocre video game Asst that's
probably true
what next Jack you got sculptor I had I
don't know I don't know what anything
means you guys are saying stuff oh look
at that shit samurai cop is alive we've
seen his YouTube video it's very funny
I'm a big sister type I'm the youngest
person here that's true
yep and I won't tell anyone holding but
I'm the youngest there they're probably
there I mean I'm assuming they're 14 15
years old okay rich now Jack suckiness
is infecting rich sorry man sorry dog
you're the dog dog look Mike Mike's down
with the old memes Mike's down with the
oldest of meals no I am NOT a hundred
forty-four I'm also not 14 or 12 want to
cyber I remember that was funny
the age sex location thank you yeah I
read about that I wasn't old enough for
for the internet for the internet when I
first 1000 should have sweet dodge no
we're reading the chat we're not at all
well maybe maybe you've learned a
fingertip Jack I find it if you watch me
I don't I don't know i won
maybe maybe that's problem I beat him I
don't know and I had like two life
containers I beat him I'm you thank you
just Razzie I love you too oh never but
everybody is nice I know you're being
mean to be funny it's not gonna bother
me in a couple hours right now it's
bothering the shit out of me
but I'll be fine later what's this thing
was it the level no I think but it has a
diamond down it the other ones have oh
okay the other ones have faces talk to
that Biddy yank spikes okay I'm almost
at a point where I can hang out you're
almost done with work I'm almost done
with work what are you doing working so
late yeah I get things done do you know
what do you wanna break fuckin'-a right
oh all right now I getting the thing or
like when I'm close to being done with
an edit it's like I wanna just keep
going to get it someone says that there
were 34 Oh when they're Klingon the age
sex their Klingon sex and the location
is
it's so funny it's funny all right I'm
sorry you are you done for how much do
we want to stop for urine oh no I'm
still working oh you keep playing them
they still quote-unquote working even
though he wanted he just wanted to say
hi for a little bit yeah
you just wanted to come and say hey
y'all
there's secret memo the same
oh no I need magic I'm doomed
oh yay Jack tell rates to stop sucking I
will and also I'm supposed to tell you
that you suck people want me to play I
mean I'm saving my energy saving energy
for later yeah okay for Katamari if I
mean duck fails is priority number one
yeah sure I mean if we don't get to it
it can be next week yeah absolutely
hey but don't chicken wing what bird
buck buck treasure night that sounds fun
Oh money ha all right
pickle pickle yeah yeah I know I think I
do think it's funny in that yeah
when I play I psych when rich lazy so I
get it listen both suck I get it
or maybe that's just playing video games
more like cute Amaury all right you are
the cutest game mm oh yes I have played
card Amar'e before it is my favorite
game you die fuck DuckTales what um dr.
Jay really wanted to play duck tails now
Who am I to tell them I can't play
fucking duck tails on the stream I got
no patience for people who Jay I do I I
actually think ducktales remastered
might be a letdown after this game it
probably will want oh you know like this
this is a retro game done right with the
retro game with modern aesthetics with
ver with modern gameplay aesthetics
which is that's the way to do it oh my
god no that's that's nice oh it is nice
you can say thank you for saying that
I'm cute
Jack do you adhere to a dialectical
analysts analysis of history and class
conflict how our means when you say
stuff like that you guys should do a
vest of the worse with video games
instead of videos
no no Richard I have a video game show
where we play video games already we
might do a bad one in a couple episodes
the angry video game nerd he can cover
all of that yeah yeah there's there's
plenty there is plenty of that on the
internet if that's what you're looking
forward to some dudes talking about bad
video games you got options you're gonna
be fine maybe I'll need a Jedi to cover
that for you
Jack red or blue that's a good question
red or blue mm-hmm um I guess I prefer
blue blue blue is the somebody asked if
s to be like cake the band or the food
the answer is yes
Jack cake is a lie oh you're from video
games you know yeah rich knows I know I
hit the pause to give Jessi a hug you
guys suck ass I'm kicking right now I'm
sure you're doing very well
no how many times did you restart and
many many okay not uncountable amount of
let's see here
I like blue team just cuz they're you
know they're the the offensive team and
sometimes I like right listen guys
cake fart someone said you guys are buds
oh but I do you guys like cake farts
story we're all having a really nice
time hanging out all enjoying each
other's company Jack showed us that shit
and then everyone left it made everyone
uncomfortable no you can't Jack why are
you such a square it's because I'm
uncomfortable in most social situations
and I'm nervous around other people
that's all right I'm getting I'm getting
better
the Kings like yeah yeah if you want to
know where that's from you can just
google it yeah yeah I don't I'm Korean
Jessi do you know what us from thank you
okay right so that's why I thank you
oh no I put that look at that shit
oh my oh my god an anglerfish look at me
that's awesome
I get that trailer dog oh that treasure
I got died yeah I would do that social
anxiety and a grown man pathetic the
internet judges here I know you do and
that's kind of what brings up it's all
right I'm working on it okay
oh that's not true no I smell fine Jack
does not smell that I just smelled
myself yeah now he doesn't have smell
that I'm fine my breath probably smells
like nos energy drinks at the moment but
I'm gonna chew some gum in a second Oh
Jack how do you know all the fish names
because that's a very famous fish yeah
hey what free shots common that is a
that is a that's a famous fish the whole
fish with the dee-lee dee-lee light I
don't know how the fish is named I know
that one and I know
motherfucking Nemo is a clownfish was it
tough all that bullshit bullshit balls a
lionfish a flounder a stingray I sure
would rich whale do you guys hear this
bitch is fucking nail and fish names
over here a dying fish angelfish Oh
lemon campus in Spain has more talents
than all of you combined does not true
no it's absolute truth that man you know
what that man has Drive he's got a dream
you got a shovel then dog you got a
dagger
downward shovel them bonesaw like
they're getting me from the side yeah
but you got to get above and bounce off
from dung
maybe maybe if you could just play
better fuck with and I agree
Jessi it really is an angel it's true we
like Jessi a lot she's our friend
oh I know she's a friend now it says
that they say there's Jack Stern no
leverage play you know sometimes it just
takes a couple levels that's why look at
so this guy I've been doing pretty damn
good would you rather have a carpeted
bathroom or have a car that randomly
honks once a week absolutely and no one
wants a car my bad no that's gross yeah
that's disgusting yeah only ones a
Weedle I'm Jessi tell rich a whale is
not a fish he should use his brain
muscle that's great hmm you yeah
carpeted bathrooms whoever thought that
was a good idea does this I I don't know
I that's the people I've seen it before
I've been in houses with carpeted
bathrooms before really yeah it's a
gross thing like if I take a magazine in
bathrooms back when magazines were a
thing if I took a magazine into the
bathroom it would be the bathroom
magazine I would not leave until I threw
it in the garbage because I would think
it would absorb stuff carpets the same
thing to you yeah
I'm trying to keep up
sorry guys trying to reduce chat yeah I
think carpeted bathrooms were like a 70s
thing I totally agree with that
oh you can attack on ladders that looks
awesome
thank you I will not be your way foo
what didn't we go through what a wave
who is last time in the stream and I
forgot sorry
Japanese wife could be like a wife that
I don't know I will not I'm sorry
Oh whatever I died it's bullshit
whenever a Jack theis fucking idiot
yeah yes it's true okay what college did
you guys go to I didn't go to no college
not the sound I know that's all that's
all I got I did I took I went I went to
UW Waukesha for a half a semester and
then I call bullshit on it
Mountain College in general it wasn't my
thing
hey work it works really well for some
people it just wasn't my thing I don't
want to I don't want to be College
hating you leave an anchor yeah that's
awesome
not really I mean it's just cool you get
weapons what guys are cool
where is chiku Jay's working he's
getting ahead of time clearly clearly
the game fucked up jack is from the
streets it's very true
Tim school prepares you for life film
school prepares your projection yeah no
you know what they're here ha ha as
someone who has given talks to film
school said someone who has never been
to film school here's what I could say
there is some really good things about
film school and one of them is the
people that you meet you will you will
meet a lot of people at film school and
that you might end up working with those
people later on and so making those
contacts is a really important thing but
you can also just do that outside of
film school ok yeah guy never Trump's
Jack this traitor
family school prepares you for film
school
exactly exactly I don't know why that's
funny to me but Jack went to farm school
if I had a workout routine it would
involve me raising the jambs it would
also involve me jimmying some sort of
who move up you mean that I can network
without crippling student debt yeah
listen some people will really enjoy a
film school and have a good time at it
and learn stuff important stuff again it
just wasn't for me
oh please shank all the way down rich it
was supposed to come back up can't go
down can't do it the game the game
taught me that acres go better you come
off my anchors so I tried to do that I'm
sorry
Oh Jack why did you leave the farm was
it awful
I loved the farm not by my choice I was
young and I believe we left the farm so
we could go to a different school
there's a better school district in the
suburbs so we moved from the farm to the
suburbs and and we hated it because we
had neighbors and so we moved back to a
different part but I lived in the
suburbs
don't hit those suburbs for a little bit
and that was weird
yeah suburbs is a weird yo oh rich
they're telling me not to tell you not
to jump into holes oh just uh just a
friendly edge of the screen equals death
yeah so as a usual video game thing Jack
were you Amish Jack you ever smoke weed
hash tag 420 Yolo swag
I by the way I just read that I loved
because I liked the hash tag I don't do
drugs do I have an occasional beer and I
drink a lot of caffeine I don't do drugs
not anymore what yeah sorry whatever
Jack was your farm ever attacked by
Raiders Jack were you do it no I was
gonna do it I was Catholic he'll it was
a small farm we had a cornfield in back
we had some cows some chickens and some
horses you're the only person I've ever
met that has worked on a farm yeah yeah
it was farmers it was a small part like
we had two cows I want to say and I got
I had to milk the cows so I milked the
cows we had chickens I don't think we
ever killed our chickens and I don't
know why but we had their eggs and and
there's a cornfield that's all
Pete I fucking hate everything yeah
alright I officially suck worse than
Jack yeah it's happening rich sucks oh
oh yeah I'm okay rich you were out of
the room when I told Jack this but
spikes are bad oh oh so just so you know
Jack did you ever use a shuffle on the
farm if so why do you suck that's a good
joke I like that
very funny okay we're in Wisconsin did I
farm way and on the south side of the
state close to the illenore in the
Illinois border Hollander
did you ever pet your cows sure well
you'd have to put you up to brush cows
every once in a while so I would brush I
have become suck Oh No
yes Milwaukee is apartment well I know
it is so pretty if it's agree what no I
disagree with you that Milwaukee's a
farm yeah oh you know there's a lot of
farmland genera in the Greater Milwaukee
area actually yeah I don't think
anything in the city limits is a farm no
Milwaukee wise but we have a lot of
farms another cow
yeah cows are weird cows are great
though they're very docile and then just
fake just hang cows like the hang I
brushed my cows it's I know this must be
weird for a lot of people like it's not
this is where the food comes from it
comes from farms this is why like I've
never had a problem with being in a
meat-eater
I am very particular about where my food
comes from and in general I know I know
the farm that my eggs and my meat comes
from because I like knowing that kind of
stuff and it's important to me
and so like i go to i go to spit very
specific butcher shops that I know where
the farm comes from and and now we're
gonna stop talking about farming I know
I never could you know cuz I grew up on
the farm I don't need to pretend farm
kid jack have you ever killed an animal
yes yes here here's my animal killing
story so after after I was I'm going to
hate you know it's this was the part
mother I know where Meg's come from I
know I do different you know why I grew
up on a farm that stuff is important to
me so here's here's my animal killing
story I'm gonna tell it okay I'm gonna
tell it because I have no shame in this
I know I have six six six gold I have
two oh praise Satan and all through this
level No thank God please praise Satan
give me the almighty power alright so
after the farm I was a butcher and I was
a butcher for a couple years I had a
really great butcher shop know Satan oh
yeah and one time they let me kill a pig
and I killed them with a bolt gun the
kind that you see in no country for old
men and then they showed me how to bleed
it and cut up all the little pieces and
I got to keep a pork tenderloin and I
cooked it up that very day the very day
that I killed the pig I cooked up the
pork tenderloin and it was great and
that's my story about killing a pig I've
done
you see that yeah okay I'm supposed to
do this I'm supposed to do okay
no be gone okay oh wait I think I'm
gonna leave the pig did not tell me
about its spider for a friend
did it feel pain I'm sure for a
microsecond it doesn't matter though
because it's dead because it's dead and
I ate it and that's that's how life
works and that's how that's yeah what do
they hate you no no no people are asking
question can I tell another boring farm
sir I know I want to stop talking about
the farm but you assholes keep asking me
questions about the fucker you ask me
different questions and I'll tell you a
different story
oh yes so I removed the pig skeleton
thank you that was good yeah I did I I
was the chicken guy at my butcher shop
most of it I'm sure you made some boat
and pork chops on it yeah absolutely
I was the chicken guy at the butcher
shop and so it's my job to to process
all the chickens we get whole chickens
and then you know I'd make those little
pieces breasts thighs wings debone that
sort of thing
Jack tell us the story of how you met
rich my first I met Jay Mike yeah and I
wanna I wanna I I met you because you
met Jim I yes some point a mother Bri
I'm sure I'm trying to think of various
not spectacular story you know what was
the very first time that we were
together probably feeding frenzy I
played Larry and feeding frenzy and so
that was probably the very first time no
it has to be before that it wasn't I
don't know you were here for a couple of
Grabowski weren't you just one of them
one of the alien okay no that you were
in that one no I was not in that why
so ya must have been feeding frenzy so
yeah I met I met rich when we were
shooting feeding frenzy and that's
that's it and then slowly and slowly he
came up to Milwaukee more and more it
Mike Mike and Jay were living up here
before I was
yeah yeah
don't never drink how much why don't I
have a dream I'm mad I didn't get my
dream Jeff stay there for well no well
you usually get the dream before you
wake up maybe maybe it has something to
do with like how well you did on the
level and you only get a dream if you
don't know jack rich do you like sushi i
love sushi largest seafood richard
Zulueta do seafood they go Jack how long
did it take to film hey pass me a beer
the first one we filmed in one day hey
pass me beer one we've literally filmed
that in one day just driving around the
city to different locations the second
one we went all around the state of
Wisconsin and it took us eight days we
drove around the state of Wisconsin for
eight days going we literally just went
around the border of Wisconsin going to
all the landmarks that we could and it
was super fun
we took an 8 day road trip
Jack are you fucked by five thousand I
am I think we've been through that and
on the stream before
Jack are you enriched going steady now
absolutely I gave him my ring and he
gave me his love Letterman's jacket that
is completely false completely but got
your mind blown by look come on Luce
hey member great oh that's awesome
fleshie acrobatic useless oh that's
really funny when eating gold so that's
the hook
you only have 32 that I had way more
gold than that why spend them on some
other spell at some point okay and yeah
oh you can go back to you remember the
swamp you can go back to the swamp and
fill up those goblets with with magic
potions and stuff there's something they
charge probably something I probably
forget what it was
let's see here I want gold now
all I saw was someone saying of course
they have day jobs we do have day jobs
it's making Internet videos
skin looks great I'm really happy with
this game so far I'm really excited to
play this more I like the state of
Wisconsin in general I don't know what
that question is supposed to mean but I
enjoy living here
I don't hate Mystery Science Theater mm
I didn't have cable growing up so I
didn't see much of it the episodes I
have seen have been very funny I've seen
about two episodes and I've actually
avoided it since we've been doing best
of the worst cuz oh I don't want to see
one of these movies that we may end up
doing sure you don't want to you know I
take joke Sam yeah okay that's fine oh
yeah I've seen a couple episodes in
there well I want to take jokes and I
don't want to see the movies either sure
sure yeah I gotta stay fresh I guessed
it you know what guys gotta stay fresh
um here's what we're gonna do I think
it'll break yeah we're gonna take a
little break we're gonna run a
commercial and everybody be cool
