Episode 010
Katamari Damacy - With the Gang
August 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jh140XkYVKY
___________________________________________

and neglecting my love for weird garage
scream rock we can listen to that next
Vanessa Carlton's over
listen they notes okay alright we're
gonna oh my god
you have to fill
I find while I find some garage a scream
rock here we go
here's some variety screamer support for
your uses this is
it's called they're called call me
Lightning hopefully you can hear it I
can't la
mr. Flannagan
once you figure out the hole this isn't
gonna be the big test is once we start
playing the game
let's go happen
a bunch of
in 36 I
I steal they said if you've done
guitar the cabin
we're gonna get
guess we all really
there you go
I woke up
oh seventh on a good bird
give me over my video that was funny
yeah
you're talking to me
oh that's not true this isn't anything
like Mumford & Sons you guys are liars
that's scary in a play the song is
almost done and if to say if we if the
music isn't playing while we're playing
Vanessa Carlton on a loop
that's how it's gonna work okay so let's
see if the game music works the game is
against hearing something
right junk exercising is a good thing
Oh
yes yeah music can't work so it was it
was whatever I got this thing for open
broadcaster this is for anyone for the
12 people that came out Sunday we're
disappointed by no game I got this
plugin for open broadcaster which is
supposed to give me a bunch of fun tools
like playing noises when people
subscribe all that fun stuff it because
of that plugging now we're gonna gain
music
yeah everything say okay thumbs up okay
great
too loud you can't hear you I'm sorry
we're working on it we're getting our
audio levels no if you subscribe it
won't make a noise now because I had to
disable that plug-in if you subscribe
I'll see it and we'll say yay thanks for
subscribing and you'll get to use our
emoticons and you'll get a pizza roll
okay music is not down me music is now
down Oh fuck's seventh on I did get
dynasty warriors and a second controller
so we will be blind dynasty warriors
three later I found it at the local used
the local used video game store for two
dollars amazing chef is pizza beer and a
beer okay yes he's been playing all
afternoon because she didn't want to be
bad but spoilers
there are cutscenes in Katamari but I
think we'll watch it just because
there's so much fun - you wanna go for
it you undo it facecam is never gonna
happen you know how much shit goes wrong
without face cam
for example
right now the controller's not working
yes I'm not ready but not ready what to
do everything was working fine until you
got here
a scam is not gonna happen
hey now hey now steel that's not gonna
happen
rich and junior here they're getting
some work done they're gonna be in in
just a couple minutes here we go
yes
it's awareness oh I do my job
I remember I remember getting this game
I think this was my first foray
I don't even know this is tend to call
them
this was the first time I got a game
that wasn't like a major game where I
felt wasn't a major game and it's just
the last game
there's so different but this is this is
the most Japanese game ever created
which is great and here Jack over again
it's it's squared ish squared ish away
yeah well just do that yeah we're here
okay the microphone is now dangerously
close to my face so you can hear me talk
you should be able to hear Jesse just
fine and the game music will go down a
little bit
how's that how's that everybody now we
can be quiet cool intimate we'll talk
about the good times I haven't signed
any space got posters reason oh how I
can't there's a stream I got actually
Jesse just told me am I am I gonna go
sign one right now
okay whoever has just asked for us to
sign a space got poster Jesse had forgot
to tell me earlier and she's telling me
to do it right now it just so I'm gonna
be right back
okay there so you just you just heard it
live whoever just requested the signed
space got poster I just signed it that's
it
let's see here what oh no Oh game audio
up what well yeah she did she could have
told me earlier though
that's true yeah Jack can't sing I
cannot carry a tune to save my life that
is that is very much the truth
I have tried singing in the past and it
does not work okay
so now we're gonna start you start
playing I'm gonna just watch and enjoy
I'm just going to yeah no that's totally
gonna happen too because then you guys
are gonna be like it needs to be lower
it needs to be louder audio is fine yeah
I'm no longer messing with the audio
that is just what is happening Grif oh I
don't know what that is but I don't like
it stop doing stuff like that thank you
this I don't know what that is I think
if if my screen was a different size it
might say something but I can't read
what it says so stop doing stuff like
that but Jack sounded great in the
Western or musical yeah I can do like a
funny I can do like a funny singing but
I can't carry a tune like if you asked
me to sing a certain note I can't do
that oh you have to redo all the
practice oh man okay good
never stop rolling eats a rolls already
knows do it oh my god oh yeah then well
the king of all cosmos talks a lot by
the way I cannot do a fuck bot
impression oh no I just do the
motherfucking voice I don't do an
impression is that a real question
animal Primus how did I lose weight I
went on a diet I went on a diet and
exercise regularly it was a it was a
pretty strict diet and I lost about 60
pounds and so that's why in the first
couple of best of the worst videos it
kind of looks like I'm swimming in my
shirts because I didn't buy new shirts
but I lost a lot of weight and so far
have kept it off gained a little over
the holidays because you know what it
happens it happens
get there I'm flipping it around yeah I
think you're absolutely right I would
have lost more weight if I would have
just removed my skeleton no no I don't
think I will ever grow my beard back I
think especially with how bald I am I
think it looks better just kind of all
shaved when I get lazy I don't shave but
it'll it would look extra weird if I had
a giant beard and shaved my head you
know maybe just grow a little bit of a
beer yeah keep it like trimmed up things
like a Van Dyke oh yeah you know like
Chi now you have maybe just a tad bit
longer sure and how you there right now
sure maybe that sounds like a lot of
work yeah
how's everybody was that okay did you do
it
dead oh that was here oh it's just it
just does
you'd I mean wow Ju mostly I love that
part I can't grow a beard yeah oh yeah
it's a whole thing now it's happening
it's real yeah Heisenberg might look
good I don't know Eretz were fighting
we're playing it we're streaming hey hi
hello yes sir yeah I just - yes yes
drags I transfer all of my beard powers
to you they want me to grow my beard
back i J I would love your beard if you
have no idea how jealous of your beard I
am J has the manliest beard in all of
history and I think everyone can agree
with that I don't know if Josh's counts
just because his is so massive it's
almost cheating you know it's not like a
real beard H did you see our new
emoticons oh it's your face it's your
face from the patreon banner Oh No yeah
I mean we'll write anything you wanna
stir well almost within reason
Thanks I will hijack Dec will write
anything you want on your poster that is
a guarantee will you draw a dick well I
draw a dick if you
if you ask for a dick drot night I will
draw my friend dick paws for pushing
couch forward
oh we're watch she's bomb okay all right
farts yeah I'm just trying to read what
people are saying and that's okay I'm
taking care of reading you and Jesse
take care of the game yeah we're gonna
move the microphone you take care of the
voice I could encourage yeah I mean you
know what I will play this one you can
win the next one
oh okay okay for more fun if we could
hurry whatever is there two-player mode
on this for the first game I don't
believe it was it there is for the
second guys for a second there might be
for the first
oh sorry chippy you bring that second
controller I did what happens
oh I will totally draw Frank Stallone on
your space cat poster if you want me to
okay someone asked I would drive Frank
song the answer is absolutely Frank
Stallone is awesome and everything he
does
I you know what I'm doing it it would be
helpful as people
I'm the same but how about you roll that
ball over there and pick up that stock
I'm trying are you is this all just yeah
I'm prone to pick up stuff I'm not too
concerned with really just take my time
and I wish oh you know what we probably
can't draw Roberts of dollars King this
base coat is there's not enough room
it's weird he's you know if you're
looking like a plant at the background
you just run like a little agree but
it's not even large it doesn't even look
human
that's the problem is his entire face
does not look human
so Jessie what's your camera or any feta
cheese roll things oh that's what my
goal here you're out of here King see
this is the one part that just drives me
nuts with the King pops up no I love him
but he yeah you know he's overbearing
yes overprotective absolutes
this is more fun with other people
I was playing by myself and no I was
liking it
oh sure you know what and for anyone who
doesn't I see a couple people with
questions about the game for anyone who
doesn't know what this game is you're
watching it the king of all cosmos got
drunk and destroyed all the stars and so
it's your job to roll up all the stuff
on earth to make new stars just try to
make the biggest Katamari ball that he
can and you do that by picking up
incremental a larger item so you see
right now like this is finally able to
pick up those boxes and soon she'll be
able to pick up bigger and bigger things
and Erica Mari
and that's the game very tense
I already made my bridge is it better
than you need to work on that cuz we're
doing everything wrong I mean I was
learning yeah you played anymore no I
just had a carrot downtown I haven't had
a chance I haven't had a chance if I'm
busy that's game I'm ever made I'm
really looking forward to playing it
more I really am well we had you know it
was a big shoot saying that all editing
again you know what I have to get the
next prereq that's I've just started
listening to the game listening to us
talk about a game we talked about a
month ago fighting first place editing
editing which game return but already
now want to let people probably know but
just in case they don't it's not topical
way no no the other one
everyone's oh oh oh yeah yeah that one's
done and waiting to be posted the other
one which we talked about at some point
believe it it will leave it up to peep
is it because it took us like three days
to play all the games and rich is gonna
play this next one because I share I
didn't know homie mind you click them
down click them down when you want to
change your position I'm like oh ok ok
what people read this or we just
skipping through the dust nobody cares
about
oh yeah difficut sans if if those
cutscene yeah skip it all over cutscenes
it was actually offending Houston
offended I was just wanted to play the
game it's then the next titanfall
episode is done we've talked about that
it's done
DUP bloated we're just we're just you
know we're doing we're teasing y'all
we're just waiting gonna come up in
early episode after that one is all shot
in turn the vibration Oh rich oh they're
saying you should hunker down did you
see that is you see the your face on the
background agreement peckerwood Green
Bay fans such assholes okay thank you to
everyone who puts Rich's face on a Green
Bay Packer player you shouldn't be mad
at Green Bay Packer fans you should be
that Mike I mean I I know I'm living in
Wisconsin I've been nothing but
respectful I know I own Green Green Bay
steam here we go no no that's fine
that's fine I quietly my own team and I
don't give anybody shit and then that
happens it's really just kind of loose
kind of it's really funny I was just
rude and hate speech it was I want you
know rich is actually suing us over this
no absolutely
I can't really I'm really sorry
I told him to press the joysticks
together to turn he knows well yeah I
mean he knows he just chooses to not
listen why want you to do that because
it's more clutter it's faster and it's
fun it's a switch down because your time
you only have five minutes left
oh and did you tell how to rev up
hey great job great job
well if you're big enough then you can
rich what team do you root for in all
sports in general like name all the
sports teams that you enjoy uh
strawberries for white sox I enjoy I'm
from Chicago Bull listen the minor
league independent Thunderbolts Oh rich
you can you can like any sport you want
cuz I don't pay attention to any sport
and so it's like any sport you want to
watch you go right ahead
you enjoy that the music in this game is
just amazing
get the soundtrack I don't think I I
don't even know if you can buy this
sound drag fun you can find it I mean
just make sure not to you can get a
series
is Jack or wizard taller this has been
bothering me for a long before too long
they're the same height
you should down there they're exactly
the same height down to the last week
we're all the same place where all the
exact same height and also you should
worry about different things and there
there are much more important things to
be worried about now I'm taller than
Josh oh yeah and get outside if you can
oh come on our digimon pokemon all the
way who plays digimon get out of here
the correct answers thank you rich be
quiet we did not pick up any skeletons
hey trust Jen thank you for subscribing
you have a pizza roll by your name now
we appreciate that I'm convinced Jack
and dunk if I ever played a sport I
might be able to dunk I'm kind of tall
not very tall but I'm kind of just push
push oh no a steady push nothing off
oh yeah oh yeah
if Jesse was a Pokemon would you ever
use her in a fight yes she would be my
main all the time she could kick some
ass he oh oh oh I'm gonna no I don't
want to compete against you it's this
we're on the same team
what two subscribers get that we don't
you get a pizza roll next to your name
and you get to use our special rlm
previously recorded live emoticons which
is the the Showbiz Pizza bear a opening
can of beer the words hack fraud in
bright green and rich Evans lovely face
oh I just we just got we just got more
subscribers so I got to make a couple
more emoticons and if we get I think if
we get like three more subscribers I can
make two more motive cons I don't know
yet you have to tease them oh they're
gonna be something really cool help me
up there they are you see all the all
the emoticons that you can use and I
don't know that much about twitch can
you guys use these emoticons in other
people's streams
does that would be really funny if the
Showbiz Pizza bear showing up in other
people's dream
yeah oh that's right and and when we
play XCOM you get characters named after
you that I kill fuck that four thousand
I don't know what's your what's your
casualty was it like ten yeah no fun
let's step back no I only I want to say
that for me cuz you're really good at
the game I think I only lost five or six
oh maybe it's smiling Jesus emoticon I
don't know if I can use that one I tried
which one did I try it what's it what's
his name Rick McCallum Rick McCullen I
tried to Rick McCallum face and it got
rejected because it's a celebrity's face
so I don't know if I could do that
because Jesus my count as a celebrity
face offensively portrayed religious
figure that's a good idea
you know what maybe the next emoticon
will be a fuck bottom oh no that's a
good idea okay yeah it looks like you
can use people's emoticons in anything
is nice that's a cool feature thank you
take the birthday boy I'm glad you
fought valiantly for me an ex-con oh my
god
cork 9:04 and melon method M is just
subscribe thank you I couldn't read his
name please say those are a lot of
movies it was going by too fast
oh yeah we should get a Frank Stallone
probably for being too awesome yeah you
know it's true
I will ask Jay what he thinks about
movies after he's done getting some work
done Jay doesn't watch movies spoilers
he doesn't find them entertaining Oh
Mitt Romney I'm sorry in this deer the
the Mitt Romney's 69 which is a very
funny username um thank you for
subscribing as well I I try to catch him
up the chat goes by really fast which is
why I wanted to download this very
special program that would have played a
little ding sound every time you
subscribe it would have been really nice
but then they couldn't hear the game
audio there were so many things there
are so many dings from all of our tens
of subscribers yes push commander for 20
I will ask Jay about that when he's done
working I will remember
right Jay is getting some work I did
play guacamelee and I really enjoyed
guacamelee rich did you have it around
you do if somebody doesn't ice left you
oh it's really well camellia is a really
fun game
it's a platformer brawler and it's it's
it's really so it's like shaking yeah
yeah it's a lot like shake and you get
to use your your combat moves both to
reach higher platforms or for combats in
it as a really neat a combo system yeah
guacamelee is super fun
highly recommended I got it for that was
one of the very first games I got for my
Vita and being able to play a game like
that on my beat it was awesome Birds Oh
impaired pacing impaired casing thank
you for subscribing I can read to want
this like I'm gonna take you sometime
rich rich rich oh oh if that's true if
guacamole is free for Xbox one and you
guys are Xbox subscribers get it and
play it and real and enjoy it
escort nano for work equals videos
Renko 77 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh you know what yes that's right I do
get to play a little bit of puzzle agent
puzzle you know do you ever play
professor layton nope or just any of
those kind of like it's basically just a
series of logic puzzles with a loose
story wrapped around it
oh I really enjoy this kind of game I've
never even seen one yeah oh yeah no
they're super fun they're you know it's
like if you if you like if you like
logic puzzles you know it's like one of
those words like I kind of think of one
from puzzling again very it's like you
Amy beats Rhonda someone beat someone
taller and someone else beats someone
shorter and Rhonda is taller than Amy
and bigger everyone I don't stuff like
that that's a really terrible face
family met yeah it's a little man I'm
fine with Matt I appreciate but it's
cute it's it's really cute
I was ill a gym professor late in games
like that I did I got to play about 20
minutes worth of puzzle agent that might
have been this afternoon yeah yeah
guacamelee did have a lot of like meme
stuff but it was fun it's fine I'm not
going to ask rich about Mass Effect
I'm sure hated the third one there you
go
yeah ruin the series for me all right
we're done ruin the series yeah like if
they sent me a copy of the Wonder Woman
unknown for free yeah I would put it on
a paper shredder but really yeah I have
no interest in what they're doing with
series that's that's very surprising oh
by the way I am writing for whoever
recommended abyss Odyssey I'm writing
that down
when is the space count video game
coming out but when someone makes it is
the answer for that who's working on
that yeah yeah they're gonna they're
gonna charge by the minute
that's play the game okay buy the full
price game first and that's that's $50
to sprout a one-year subscription to be
able to play the game you bought jerk
sure not guaranteed to last the whole
year
it's not far food names Odyssey no Abe's
Oddysee is a different game and I enjoy
those games did you ever play any of the
odd world games I'm interested oh I
liked them there they're very there
they're very kind of like
point-and-click adventure II yeah
possibly
I know but it's it's more of a thing
where and I don't know which one I'm
thinking of not Abe's Oddysee the Abe's
Oddysee where it's like it's all kind of
like imagine a stealth game with a
point-and-click adventure mechanic so
you have that you have to get all of
your friends out of this area
and you have to get around guards but
you can only move them like in big blue
or one at a time it's need they're
really neat games
I remember way back in fish straight up
plastic right on the 2d version the 2d
version is the one I'm thinking picture
really it looks like a platform ah look
into it get into it rainbow oh yeah I
have not I don't know I've I only my
only time ever playing any of the
LucasArts point click adventure was
maniac mansion for the NES and I hated
it
why you hated oh yes because moving the
mouse on the NES was it was a pain in
the blusher I'm sure it would be really
fine on a computer
oh no wait I did play the a tentacle
nice nice
whatever ain't no nice halo what you
what let you feel thanks for subscribing
what do I think of lars von trier that
sounds like a funny name no yes alright
that's a tough one and only it's ten
minutes oh my god well I'm sure I'm not
open to children
see ya oh it's there oh yes we are gonna
have J play one chance he wants to play
that game alright if we do we not gonna
run by last night
but the deal what happened I was too
busy one of duck tails yeah J kicked ass
at duck tails I just couldn't get into
the nes version of maniac mansion it was
really weird for me re I'm sure spike
said no spikes are not bad in this it
doesn't matter if you it spikes
go back up to free water they're dead
there's a lot there's a lot of stuff up
there slow-mo types are guys chat was
going by just a little too fast and I'm
trying to read what y'all is saying I
did a solo tf2 stream awhile back I'll
do another one that was a lot of fun as
well that was a lot of fun because we
all got to we all got to play together
and that was that was a really fun time
so yes I will do another tf2 sorry
but steel that's one of my favorite
questions is do you guys all work at our
LM full-time everyone works at our LM
full time except for me I'm not allowed
I'm not allowed here honestly I'm just
I'm just kind of bigger than everyone
else and so they are all the same same
height we're all the same height those
books geeks only when there are more
than four of you watching movies for
Best adores how do you decide who gets
to be in the discussion table you take
turns
yeah it's like a no one so does depend a
lot of them lately yeah really easy
access oh yeah or if you if you have a
lot to say you know yeah yeah
and I'm in nearly all of them to do you
are in a lot of that's okay there will
never be a webcam there will never be a
facecam here of course you can join me
in - yep - I like playing with other
people
I don't get a chance to play too often
just because I'm working on some stuff
right now
I don't get to play too many games
except for when we come here and do the
stream it's our excuse to play games
five God's name did you guys move a walk
in her but that's a good question
feel like the only people that asked
that it a really nice thing I think it's
a great city I think it's a great setup
for that bear I think it's a perfect
size spare Dania why I know
well they push you and then back all
your shit off
yeah I get that water knowing oh we hit
it you may not be able to get it Steve
you can get some cucumbers you know
there should be a couple tf2 videos in
our past broadcasts one of them is
probably longer than 2 minutes what
I'm not big enough to do anything I'm
just asking if that was the illegitimate
version you're never going to finish are
you yeah I have a bunch of vintage this
is some tf2 talk sorry for anyone who
doesn't fight it - I have some vintage
items I have a painted Bill's hat maybe
earbuds which are very nice but I don't
care too much about that kind of stuff I
just like getting all the weapon in this
but I do like my my painted Bill's hat
and my earbuds but I only have your
books cuz I have a Mac I got them good
gee rich breakdancing with Mike that
already happened
okay rich in XCOM when the MEC robot
turns that that look like e ed-209 any
tips for facing them you know what
disabling shot from the sniper iterated
skill goes and basically take them on
for one term
bad and these are your best friends they
they do a little bit of extra damage on
those V if you have heat ammo heavy
these Rockets especially over the
shredder rackets that make everyone else
do extra damage on a sec go bud so yeah
there's some quick advice that sounds
like really good advice I know I don't
know what any of it means but it sounds
like really good advice
that's someone asked what my favorite
project that I've worked with are LM so
far
I enjoy best to the horse I think that's
a lot of fun is it mostly I enjoy but
best divorce because I don't have to
edit it and so I just I get to watch the
movies make the jokes and then magically
magically someone else puts it together
and makes it funny but that's why it's
my favorite I really like previously
recorded and I really like talking about
video games hold on I have to edit that
so it becomes less fun that's our system
that's the worse is great it's some of
the most fun I see what's your favorite
thing in general yeah this like Katamari
this is my favorite
or something I'm not big enough to even
get out of here come on man yeah working
on it you have two minutes I gonna let
rich I believe in you I take back all
the sass I believe
yeah I've seen Planet Terror are you
talking about they talking about the
rubber Rodriguez movie planetary I
thought it was klonda I enjoyed the
theatrical cut of death freak better if
you can find the theatrical cut of death
group I really enjoyed that and I
actually really disliked the director's
cut of the DVD cut so much garbage but I
saw I saw them both in the theater has
the double feature
doot-doot-doot yes
yes he really is the next click
interview is actually it's coming out
tomorrow it's coming out tomorrow and
it's going to be what do you want to say
it is now sure
oh no it's actually you know what it's
it's the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean
movie does that totally ruined the scene
here you go oh wow it's Dec would you
like to try oh yeah sure no you have to
try to beat this sure you guys should
have been raising the gym okay all right
how many control now did you lose but
must academ are yeah well she can't
worry how'd you do an ex-cop you know -
Shay hey raise your calamari and go to
earth welcome to her was everyone just
yeah start for think it's on the bottom
somebody poured out the salt courage oh
you know what I think that's coming back
don't you remember had in the 90s people
would call each other so oh you don't
I remember that yeah people would call
each other salty they were like when
they felt like they felt done with us oh
you worse and I think it's making a
comeback
no no why do thing I don't recall this
ever might be reading I don't know
ending things to earth it does sound
like arc mothersbaugh the guy who does
all the amazing sounds wrong
he did not do this not exactly I'm Mike
mother's well can I give you a bill over
you see all those guys just standing
just wait for him let up I like doing
all right this problem I mean I think
Adam Ari is the giant ball did I find
the path and quick turn oh I can pick up
the broccoli Oh parsley I got parsley
yeah
there we go yeah oh no ice
you're mine now mice haha lipstick you
are mine now your shade you look good on
me yo VIP let's kick it
some reason you decided to keep that
word let it die I'm sorry what that's
too hard for my dark tour
Victor oh god I got a basket chasing me
I got a basket chasing me we're getting
here can't get the gun you get the gun
balls gonna get you Birds
okay okay okay back in there oh yeah
books will eat all the books containing
more flooding us well I'm working I'm
worse than you when you go gay there's a
concentrate okay I have some more hours
in don't even know music it's true I
play I just played this game once why
swim that made me an ass also maybe you
would have I like this game so much
because it's adorable
that's cute and it's fun and it's it
Dean
you're not in doing it it's right my
copy of the game I tried once I couldn't
get into it it's in your country the
game yeah for you for a little bit once
again it gets old really quick yeah but
then it's like yeah I does did you play
it when it came out or yeah oh no this
is so this was so weird I just don't
have the receipt in the box where did
suggest was 2003 2005 Peabody
yeah guns and guns yeah get those
fighters fighters
folders are jumbo man action figures yes
yes things are mine now Oh pigs
I'm gonna get those pigs toilet paper
well go okay at this point you should be
at 50 at this point you're halfway
through yeah and you're not you're not
there whole look at me hope you get it
it's exponential growth I mean it's true
sure I'm unreliable
hey get other things rich all these
things you know what I'm doing I'm a
fucking kid oh oh one person believes in
you
hey thank you one person person's gonna
win what do they get they're gonna win
is what they get they get winning I look
at when I need to get to one meter ball
needs to be one meter I'm gonna get to a
certain size okay so you see I have four
minutes on the upper right hand upper
left hand corner is how big my ball is
needs okay you know what I might believe
in you hey Jesse my partial hey I wish
that okay you might make it to her a
little bit but you're not gonna make it
bigger - like really impressive so we'll
see
I just got cans I'm not worried about
the king of all cosmos as much as I am
getting the people of Earth you spread
people
oh you know what yeah I got three
minutes this is true okay I take it back
everybody
you can meet my friend again let's do
the friends ah one meter oh wow
make it bigger let's go I got three
whole minutes oh I'm fucking shit oh
look I'm totally gonna hit this guy he's
running away when they run away that
usually it's some lady where did you go
am i moving a little sorry
anything that's sure people are just a
satisfaction oh this actually yeah well
and then they the big yeah before those
charming you a star I guess they're
worth huh well I'm totally gonna get
that lady oh yeah I got me yeah that's
like the daughter so I'm killing their
child Hey killing children well yeah
that's the game people need stars more
than they need children you know what
Jack you did a great Thank You Jesse
you're awesome
okay Jay nowadays dollars worth what do
you think about the movie bottle I'm not
totally done is it okay I wanna ask that
LICO
not my favorite Wes Anderson the least
favorite was in it's a good answer it
did it did a lot to show what he was
capable it was it was one Wes Anderson
was still kind of grounded in the more
reality to them we got more gold and
fancy yeah but you can see
I got long brush yeah that's what to
describe what fantastical fantasies
they're like fairy tales
yeah fantastic
fuck you too asshole over yeah yeah so I
mean you know make up our mind on
customs can we do that yeah you can skip
on no you can do whatever you want to if
you have the controller you can do
whatever you know just leave it on this
wash I have the controller sure I mean
Ezra playing shovel Knight
it shouldn't on my screen it says we're
playing Katamari Damacy
and let's see what it says
I'm gonna double-check what it's already
lost yeah they then go and shirk now
your it says we're playing Katamari
Damacy whatever you're reading a room
you were you in the stream before I
updated it because and you just need to
click refresh on your girl don't look
now now you know some people like to
facecam some people do the face and
we're not gonna do the face and welcome
to the chat you guys for anyone who's
like been through a lot of these you
know all the technical problems we have
and literally the only thing extra we
have as a mic we can have a video game
and a microphone and still we fucking
there's problems every time those are
problems this time yes yes before before
the street we we started out before the
stream started oh that's good so we'll
defer this dream the first hour of it
wasn't you trying to figure out we had
problems right okay well that's an
improvement
well he's the prince of all their rulers
of the line well no people get oh here
you go
oh nevermind Katamari actually an
ancient japanese word which is roughly
translated to me Ock fraud I saw
something like that come thank you joke
is there somebody somebody good job
somebody
shyam thank you I know you're a woman
even mature relax I know you're a woman
woman Jack what are all the reasons that
Vanessa Williams is better than Alicia
Keys who's Vanessa Williams well I think
this is sinner
oh well then Alicia Keys is better
because she sings at Lisa Bonet or la
moon Frye that's funky first ya know I'm
thinking Raven Simone Simone she came
later yeah yeah if I'm not mistaken
you've worked with ravenson have you
know I have she's look I haven't waited
so raisin actually she was serene I
thought we did a we did a little bit
with ravenson mom and she was really
nice to us and in person she was she was
so like this is gonna sound really weird
she was so what building was he is an
adult well yeah but I mean like I I ran
into her and war bunch of chumps you
know and so we were we were like being
assholes and she's like I think this
would be lovely I would love to be here
Wow have you been doing like the high
five things of the trick bowling or a
trick bowling or whatever for people
give me know if you explain what you're
doing and they just have no idea what
the hell is going on
almost everyone okay oh my god
oh yeah yeah it's oh yeah nice one yeah
get that stuff oh yeah like there's
there's some people where we explain the
premise like we with the high-fives
we've worked with more celebrities and
we explained the premise and we're like
okay so these two guys are gonna
high-five and then you look at the
camera there they go okay and then what
like nothing then we cut that's the bit
and we and then and I just and some of
them some of them get it right away
where they just like that's
oh my more shit no one can help you only
you can help you rich this is a life
lesson this game is a life lesson what
the hell are the police even there for
rich is not amused with the whimsy of
this game by the glorious game shut up
oh yeah I can't see what's going on I'm
stuck in here I know I know okay that's
the again else
I hate when the King pops up and you're
trying to do shit box it Oh a black some
shit alright
which this person says to book up you
should probably do it we're not gonna
play doctor fire and later we will save
the doctor Mario stream for another time
we have some other games out of other
games we have mr. mosquito which looks
terrifying I've never played that oh
wait here there's the back this is my
favorite I'll go I'll read the whole
thing okay okay so you are mr. mosquito
an uninvited guest in the Yamada's
family home you will need to drink as
much of their blood as possible to
survive the winter they know you are in
the house and they plan to take you out
and these are the bullet points for the
administer mosquito games fly through
and explore the twelve levels of the
Yamada household searching for victim to
use stealth to prepare for air comment
as you do battle which human inhabitants
breathe watch the family's relationship
disintegrate and as they take their
irritation out on each other what so
your job as the mosquito is to break up
a family while collecting their blood oh
and that's a naked lady in a man it's
not overtly sexy but there is some
creepy voyeuristic you know well so we
have that it looks like we have a Roman
game a gun grave another gun grave and I
got dynasty warriors
yeah this is this was a game that was
designed and I believe programmed by one
view like this is a very small game even
though it was published by Namco if
there's just one dude bad this idea yeah
you've got um Richard doing a great job
thank you oh you're getting people now
you're killing them all yeah we have we
have some games that we can play it
tonight I want rich to play dynasty
warrior just cuz he hasn't and it's the
most ridiculous video game the world you
play a giant person with a giant weapon
and you will know down hundreds if not
thousands of innocents doing well
they're not civilians they're they're in
the opposing person's armor but you mow
them down it's the dumbest game
oh I'm sure I'm sure I had a team I just
know this was this was a game that was
kind of like created by one man this was
one man's idea
it probably had some support behind it
but this was a smaller game I remember
this game being very hard to find for
the first game I want to say when I
first got this game that was in like the
bargain bin because no one had ever
heard it sounds like a terrible thing
I'm sorry
now can't use the best cow
yeah yeah you maybe it might take more
than a hundred dollars
absolutely
oh really this was this was released as
a darling I mean normally games are like
50 60 oh this is this was a twenty
dollar game ever that guy I hate how fun
because it's whimsical it is really the
thing about this game is it's very
satisfied because you start off picking
you know picking up little gum wrappers
and yeah and then by the end you're
picking on people and yeah well seems
like a relatively simple games bar is
this is your mission yeah yeah there's
not a lot of twists and turns so I can
see it being one of those sort of
wrapped up in
would you like to give it a try, Jay?
I wouldn't sit right out a little I
think it's Jesse's turn okay I'm gonna
get one more beer okay and that's gonna
be all my dear friend
all right and that's what okay
my duty switches there's nothing to say
I have father's to concern I mean unless
the headphone can on the TV might have a
headphone okay watch out there's the
king of the cosmos so if you have a if
you have an extender and a headphone
thing long enough we might be able to
hear it oh yeah critters to the giant
critter ball that's exactly what that is
Jack what was your least favorite work
experience in any job I've had a lot of
jobs over over my life I'm not just
you've had like weird job I can get into
a lot of it well you got a workday
yeah I know but I end up like in high
school I worked at Kmart that's all I
did
um what was the worst probably the worst
was for a while I was I was a dispatcher
or a or a courier service and so it was
it was kind of uh it was city-to-city
logistics which means like oh I need a
package delivered in a half hour to the
other side of the city and so it was my
job to be a dispatcher and actually
dispatching was a crazy amount of fun it
was like a video game like figuring out
where all your drivers are who can get
later what are you sorry it wasn't no no
I mean it for oh I'm sorry I asked me
what my least favorite job experience
for and there so I'm gonna start with
the good stuff is being a dispatcher I
was really fun because you got to like
figure out where all your drivers are
and then one needs to get a package and
deliver it but then each package only
gets them a certain amount of money and
they won't do it if it's for not
enough money because the tray all the
drivers were independent contractors and
so like balancing like jobs and chaining
job you know sounds like oh there are
three packages on the east side downtown
and Bayview and all three of them need
to go to a stylist Wauwatosa Waukesha
that's a great little run for someone
you know like that was super fun
but all the rest of the job was terrible
like I had to sweep a warehouse every
day you know take packages and sort on
the grimy butt and I worked from be in
the morning I started work at 4:00 in
the morning got out and so it was like I
could never stay out late yeah and by
the time I got home everyone else was
that worker at school so there was just
no one there's just no one to talk to
all but it was it was mostly fun and
they and those assholes because Wells
fired me they got I got downsized and
they fired me on a Monday but they knew
about it on Friday and so I come in at
4:00 in the morning I'm a bus that's me
now says we got to let you go and I was
like you could have told me on Friday
and I could have slept in asshole what a
jerk you get an extra weekend Sunday
night I had to wake up ass earlier that
was that was a weird driving
I've had many jobs I found fun and most
all of my god I applied a job I didn't
get but I applied for was one of those
high-rise window washers I'm sorry Jesse
I live
but I apply it you know to be one of the
people that like hang off of the
building and wash the windows of scary
please I didn't get the job I don't know
why probably because they were just like
are you okay with this like hanging off
of a building and I was like yeah sure
we'll give it a try and they're inside I
don't think they thought I was serious
yes I'm sorry dick the birthday boy I
will stop talking about all my packages
but I do like I still think about making
a dispatcher video kind of like papers
please we have to keep all of your
drivers on TV and you know you know what
it would be really great it would be
either a really great DS game or like an
iPad game where you'd have to like draw
you know because I yeah I'm making the
campus rich what was what was your oh
yeah fine people know about that one
time you had to mop up green goop all
day
no no what's bad like what's it what's
the worst job you've ever had the only
what a lot of sick angry people who took
it out on you and trying to read fucking
doctor's handwriting when I was what
because I was in construction slow down
a fire sprinkler I I installed fire
sprinklers okay always always been cool
about that anyway
whereas villain I'm sorry building and
their freight elevator was down yeah so
we got in our shipment of pipe the job
and it's a business so my trumpet
company it's got these bundles of steel
pipe and felt like a bundle like as far
out as the feet ball picture ten feet
long a semi truck filled with them and I
have to carry all of that shit up five
stories in the middle of July my up up
the stairs trying it like a narrow
stairwell like trying to hold this ten
foot long things go fight off my
shoulder nearly with vertical whoa we've
only got around the stare at attend all
fucking day just to get her at y'all
just unload the fucking truck and man
that was the hardest I ever worked in my
life I after after work that day I
stopped at the McDonald's and I think I
literally drink to be able to supersize
sodas oh Jesus oh I like that I just got
a soda
I got a larger size come III think I
downed three of them like I was just
utterly dehydrated and overheated and
exhausted I mean there's like 90 degrees
off did you think do you think about
drinking water I say you know some is
the exact opposite of what I don't know
these things okay next time you'd be
hydrated try water I did a 5k and I was
so exhausted that I just was chugging
coffee I actually do with that that one
is my super target I think that's the
last time I share stories on the same in
the future you're saying we didn't get
it oh we need to find them right yeah
well they're on the other levels yeah no
we're sorry everybody we're joking with
rich Evans because he's our friend
like it's like when you're in the same
room with someone and you're friends
with them you can make kind of these
kind of jokes no no that's true yeah we
also all hate each other I know you all
that's not true this game is fucking
weird I agree but it's great should we
be commenting more on the game when we
do this and people have already said
they don't care I'm pretty sure - nobody
cares they just want to hear some dad
and watch and to have some visuals and
some I mean it feels like we should if
you want if you would like I don't know
I don't know shit about calamari what
did you say about this game exactly it's
a fun game to play and you know what in
between these stories we tell it's not
fun liar this game gets boring so quick
so quick by the time it's boring it's
over it's a very short oh God
okay oh yeah so now we'll move on to
Justin Jesse have you ever I've only
worked at places that I wanted to work
at a job and I would keep it yes yeah so
I got downsized wait I've never been
fired I was actually in a position once
where I have the authority to fire
people I'm so excited
no I never got a chance to fire anyone
all I wanted to do was fire pieces
powers all I wanted to do you're a
monster it was I just could not wait I
was actually in a position where I could
fire someone and do it and talk to my
eyeballs
we're great it's always late every
single day and his excuse for being late
or am I supposed to do being late like I
don't know be here on time that's a
really good answer though like late so
you talk to your higher-ups and they
didn't want to fire no they had enough
fire oh the night I consulted with him
first although I didn't have to fire him
on my did you say I want to be the one
to fire something
no no cuz that at that point then you
know once I discussed it with the higher
up you can fire me check your fire
bridge I was just gonna say Jay if you
wanna live on the stream you can hire me
in and fight me if you think that'll be
interesting be real though no no fire
rich then you won't be an asshole that
shows up 45 minutes late and when I say
hey you're late again and I know the
response is what am I supposed to do but
what was he supposed to do show up on
time it's you know like a chump
everybody's maybe this isn't job-related
my school yeah there was a spark for a
part it was the greatest job because I
would get a list in the morning if
things are supposed to be if you're out
today now get them done in the first
hour and then I'll just fuck around the
rest of my shift oh but uh they catch
someone shoplifting they come to this
back little room and that's where they
have to wait until I showed up I always
need it secret shoppers sometimes they'd
have to have somebody waiting could just
be him
doesn't they're waiting one time they
caught a guy steal players and sitting
there for the cops that silence and
after like five minutes the guy just
goes I would have bought it but I didn't
have any money did buy nothing you just
felt the need I really liked that access
where it's like well yeah that's kind of
I think when people steal right Oh sir
what the maniacs
yeah
no Jay is not being censored a I don't
know why the audio keeps cutting out we
have a we do have a what is it called we
have a gate on our microphone and so if
we're not talking the microphone will
shut off so you don't like just pick up
the hum of the ambient noise some
perhaps the gate cutting people off foot
farther away Jay is pretty far away so
he might be getting cut off here great
I'm gonna fix it
oh my god I just microphone slightly
closer today but then I block the TV
sorry Jay Jay don't care you don't know
Fox that's a weird question the best
concert it's a weird question what the
best kind of thing without even thinking
about it yeah
I've never left a concert touch you
where where did you see him it was at
Riverside all right we're gonna get up
Riverside okay
yeah yeah oh wait no yeah not like a
creeper I just
my grandmother was okay
she could she could like never let her
sights
okay and so when I was younger I was
forced kicking and screaming to go to
both a clean Newton and a Lisa Minnelli
concert oh my god I'm so sorry I know I
know
best concert I was the only concert
story I had oh it's the worst part was
the fucking wing there were there were
posters all over that bed that concert
hall like George Carlin was it was just
rubbing it right oh my god damn face I
never got to see George Carlin live
that's my big regret I saw him twice
fuck you I was actually thinking about
the other night I got really sad
thinking about the fact that he's dead
yeah George Karl you just start six yes
ah no it's great no I really I'm a big
fan of the Barenaked Ladies and so I got
to see I got I got pretty decent see I
well I didn't get decent seats but I
stole some see well I just moved out and
had decent seats to see them at the
amphitheater really great um with the
full lineup before original lineup for
anyone who's that'd be an omen my
Spanish teacher in high school was
really big in the Barenaked Ladies
before anyone knew who they were
that's how I first heard about them
that's a weird name for a band yeah
those before they were big I don't know
yeah before one week they were just one
of those bands that
we're the constant and so just everyone
knew of them and loved them because they
had been the million dollars today's
youth I don't know if I heard a very
good song but I remember seeing that I'm
really like but I I really enjoy smaller
concerts there is this really amazing
band out a minute so I called gospel
gossip and they put on a show in a small
club here in Milwaukee that made me let
that made me feel like I was on drugs
even though I was done it was one of the
best shows I've ever been to triplets
you guys rock wad I've seen new contents
Bette Midler and chair things I did for
my ex I can see why that is your ex
that's so terrible I'm sorry I guess if
you're a mom that later puts on a show
guys you know what I saw Weird Al and
Addison on my birthday one year it was
nice 20th birthday I was like what a way
to end my teenage years it puts on a
good show missing you I don't you do I'm
sure he does look what the same a lot of
costume changes he hit though I don't
know weird out earlier today I know it's
kind of crazy that he's had longevity
and career that yet
he like does it I guess I was reading
someone else's comment I actually did
not go to a bedroom of their concert or
a shared confident butterfly oh yeah let
me clarify that I was telling the person
in the chance that I was sorry for them
that and I could see why that is there
that's why what I saw I saw a super
great show I saw they might be giants
when they were in Madison I want to say
at a smaller venue at Madison when they
were when they were supporting mink car
and they might be giants puts on a
motherfucker of Machaerus Enid I would
like to see I don't know if they still
do it this was a while ago this was I
want to say when I was 20 or 21 and man
did they put on a good show they had a
segment in their show where they just
turned on a radio and would would like
find a station and to start playing
along with the song Oh after 30 seconds
they would just change the radio just
because they could because they're
fucking awesome a mic enjoy those rich
Evans like shellac or the Jesus yeah we
need Joshua Lac I liked what I got yeah
they have a song in Pet Sematary - oh I
know bad yeah I would also consider
myself a manager I I never I have never
searched out on you yeah yeah I let it
find it I don't like I used to but I am
Joey musical but you know I wait I wait
for it to filter through everyone else
except for live music I will go see
about any band live because I just enjoy
life even if it's crap but if it's bad
if I'm gonna
I've seen that bad I was gonna make it
that's a banjo yep
stir phones oh that would have been to
the wharf to word oh I saw actually the
last year over to the work pure dumb jet
plane and that lady is badass she put on
a great show
here's the thing I just don't believe
good name any Joan Jett songs I can name
one doing good so I just I love Ronald
rock'n'roll that's actually that's the
thing is I knew of Joan Jett before
going to the show but she started
playing these songs and I knew every one
of them I just another thing I know she
put on a great show
ok then I mean lips concert was in
thousand and ten yeah and then they came
back again for Summerfest I think that
was 2012 yeah that pale there yeah yeah
it was right show yeah yeah oh yeah
Chris Flaming Lips shows Oh or Loki he
went to an MC Frontalot concert that's
awesome other people I don't love him
but I enjoy Ashton is a nerd rapper
he's a nerd rapper he's in a good movie
called nerdcore rising its documentary
about nerdcore rappers how they don't
get no respect
you nerd music I like captured by robots
captured by oh yeah that's the one guy
in his bag abandoned robots that he
built himself his animatronic yeah yeah
I saw it all the banking members or
administration I believe one year he did
it was all Star Trek characters when
he's the drum he's the drummer right he
might do different things I'm I know I
did I think one of like one of the very
early shows he was like the drummer but
he was like he changed okay come on you
might change instrumental needs every I
agree MC Chris I do believe is a
legitimately good right oh yeah there's
a lot of his stuff he's a vendor okay
it's it's a nice movie just because it's
about people who are trying to do their
own thing and you know like he's going
out on tour and being a nerd and being
like I might not be able to make my rent
let's put out a nerve wrap the meat a
little back here okay I'll make you
could you also share to play my big
station Oh Jay is a hot chips and hot
shit Hot Chip I don't know they have
really oh yes
yeah hey Billy get up this now because I
couldn't really get BAM but shudder to
think
yeah Craig weather and music for David
Wain stuff Oh score and music for a lot
of their stuff but he's in a band called
Saturday I don't have just one bill
disposed on I really have one off of
every of them
i user the other the other day Jay
commented on some wonderful hip-hop that
I was listening to and did you pick up
any after it
Oh Jay we were listening to some Aesop
Rock Aesop Rock that's right I was going
to and I forgot the name the Aesop Rock
is glorious hip-hop but they're saying
shudder to thinks 50,000 BC is great
when if that is an album or a song i you
know what i really like metal I like
metal live like there's a lot of bands
that I will go see live that I would not
buy their help like I really like chunky
trashy stuff live because they put on a
good show and it destroys my eardrums
and I enjoy that but I like I would
never ever buy like a hardcore
a ASAP rocky yeah none shall pass is a
great a something a stop the rock good
you know what I have actually I have
wanted to really listen the Nine Inch
Nails
oh I listen to a lot of Nine Inch Nails
flight out of grade school which tells
you a low lamp I was never really in
tonight I mean they're fine they're good
but I really also do I say I listen to
the downward spiral several times a day
that was also the summer that I wore
Jenko Dean oh you just evolved too much
information it was just one summer and I
realized really quickly have no my look
oh Jesus but for one summer I wore Jenko
jeans combat boots and black t-shirts
okay that's it it's what you do when
you're out when you're when you're in
eighth grade ok it's true ok the year
between 7th and 8th grade junior high
nice goal is where and you get the pass
for dressing stupid yep so that's what
we're doing we don't have to do anything
anymore on this that's a good one rich I
did a good job and does anybody like hot
snakes oops
yeah do guys like Huxley oh my god guys
oh my god I'll play some right now you
nuts are we doing what's next
bhana we have to place why you brought
that up fast
yeah step step
this is back to the casino wally was in
this game I'll make you
um okay here's what we're gonna do for
realsies we're gonna take a little break
we're gonna run a commercial we're gonna
figure out what game we're gonna play
next so um have to go over to our and I
am and within the hour there'll be a new
video posted on YouTube
what isn't won't be the most exciting
Bobby a video it might make people
excited upcoming oh okay everyone's
hopefully starting I'm trailer it's not
the Space Shuttle they're looking super
exciting just you know but it is
something it's behind the scenes Ethan
yeah
well I'm excited well okay so hang out
for a second guys we're gonna play
commercial and figure out remember
