Episode 014
Jet Grind Audio FIXED
August 7, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2gBwS1DUKk
___________________________________________

I have no written nothing but rhythm I
feel the rhythm
I feel the rhyme I'm just waiting and
looking at the stream I think people
here you know people should be able to
hear everything early audible right
people the Internet
we're just gonna make sure you can hear
us you should be able to and you should
be able to hear everything I'm just
gonna start playing you guys press Start
button new game yeah
first channel 5 was a rhythm game that
was on the Dreamcast and I mean I'm sure
there were DDR machines by the
what I yeah is this not enough light for
you this is too much I know nobody's
nobody ever went cares what our lighting
situation but entrants are ahead yeah I
need harsh light this room can people
hear us I don't know nobody's answering
hey ever but everybody can you hear us I
have those on let me see if sound comes
through the headphones meet somebody
sure oh my oh my god you didn't - no no
I meant to turmoil there they're right
here light doesn't work
no it doesn't work so buzzy everybody's
saying that buzzy Buzzle again son of a
bitch
I got 50 buzz I don't have debug Harry
it shouldn't be buzzy this is way more
comfy this is buzzy again where you
can't plug headphones in there there you
have to plug headphones into there no
end of it and that means the Kokiri
that's why I'm not that computer though
back there oh yeah everybody the other
speaker there's a headphone jack is it
back I'm the speaker let's be real Yeah
right
jessie is not happy this looks like
tales from Genesis space buzzer efforts
no one will get just yet
they've seen it on the wheel then oh now
you spoiled something J I'm spoiled this
looks fine we're checking audio issues
people sorry this fine Jessie says it's
fine
Jessie says he I'll be trippin okay can
we skip this cutscene just dip I just
skipped it y'all came out slammed I died
in LA well we have other games Jake
these people don't care what games we
play so there's something else you want
to spit nigga sort of do want to hear us
say stupid bullshit that's it okay in
depth conversations about a game that we
are playing they're like we know you
can't have in-depth insightful
conversations about Eddie that's true
nobody knew deep insightful
conversations and everybody wanted just
bullshit I just had a baby insane you
know
it's a slight buzz and that's what I
don't hey if you want buy us a new
microphone so and and everything you can
do that and then there won't be a bus so
it's all on you they can't listen to
anything right I figured Oh
I'm gonna okay now I gotta try and play
while this is going on I don't know
what's going on so what is this family
it's a I don't know it's some kind of
rhythm game you have to dance and the
game yeah you have to follow the button
prompts but I don't see any prompts I
think we just lost that's why Queen
restart this not every start was what is
going on
tell me play in them all right plan
we're gonna start from scratch
okay we're do this right and my right I
mean wrong
all right give them the old college try
space aliens yeah yeah
all right time to dance and son
that's fine I don't know what they're
talking about with the buzz we're not
gonna go bugs are and apparently
oh there is a really bad buzz
I have no idea what that is
Jack's still working on the buzz then I
apologize I'm gonna watch a little walk
well apparently nothing happens I'm not
someone who's buckling the input
yeah Oh God here we go here we go
do something what's going on huh is
there maybe it's like a sound input I
can't hear because we got the volume
pair Lois are they giving you directions
cuz we have our song turned down and I'm
assuming yeah
okay I can't hear the obstructions well
that's the problem I think we should
just play something else as I'm gonna
turn off his face channel 5 this was a
plan I'm supposed to yeah but I can't
just only one to clap and I can't really
hear it there you're saying the bun is
you should press yeah all right damage
do game Duke it oh wow okay thank you
quitter I can't okay
some muted and they're giving you audio
instructions I can't help that but he
just says to copy those motherfucking
aliens
alright fuck jet grind radio these are
your games rich yeah why did you buy
that one Karen oh okay
you
hip-hop cyber punkish rollerblading game
remember cyberpunk that was like a
nineties thing right there's all those
bad movies technically it's still around
sure but I think of the term cyberpunk I
think of all I think of like Johnny
mnemonic
yeah like crap you know this is where
you fight the man and you spray graffiti
because you're a free spirit and you're
not with that damn totalitarian
government yeah destroy that public yeah
yeah that'll teach someone something
okay
well it is it goes I'll give you a
warning here and you know batesy oh I'll
go with that can be art sure sure
have you seen exit through the gift shop
a documentary now which one's about it's
Banksy yeah that's good
I might have
new game surfing a Banksy and I'm not
playing this game but cuz nobody cares I
played this game they'd rather have me
talk about Banksy but I feel like I
should be playing this game dad take it
off phantom power fix it hey hey guys I
had phantom power on the microphone was
and that was that was going into a
powered audio preamp and that was making
a really bad buzzing this is Jack I'm
really sorry about that so it was the
Phantom Menace no now you now you've
gone and done it let's talk about the
Phantom Menace oh my god remember that
part when the thing poops no and then no
it didn't poop it farted in jar jar's
face remember let happen in the movie I
do
honestly I don't you know remember when
jars are got nobody else so before the
podrace a creature farted in his face
it's like homos lasting an image from
that film that's a fart joke that didn't
make Jesse laughing I mean I'm just
saying it was bad yeah fantastic okay
good all right ma'am we're not starting
this game here oh they're giving me
instructions I'm not doing this this
like tutorial asking what once again
everybody really sorry about that we're
we're figuring this out as we go along
we are professionals we're not
necessarily professional streamers oh my
god you're playing a rose getting game
you never play jettster currently Oh No
any form of this I think I like the
graphics in this that last game looks
stupid pants oh good
I got you exactly oh fuck this I just
want to play the regular game I don't
want to go through a stupid tutorial let
me fuck around skip the tutorial
apparently not okay oh my god do what
she says now God sounds so angry today
is everything okay it's all residual
from that last best of the worst it's
really true it's really true I was in a
foul mood if the past two days another
way we're even though we're saying it
was horrible and uninteresting dick will
want to see it and they never will oh
man maybe it maybe they will it's quite
us now we're given a moment maybe never
but maybe never it'll be one of those
two slightly maybe never but most most
likely almost certainly it's possible
that I will never be also to the people
who are saying that jack is the worst I
absolutely agree with dude I mean but it
is really true that way that was nice
what audio technician okay yeah yeah I
agree with that yeah do you think I'm
the worst audition yeah well maybe not
ever sure yeah I've heard worse yeah so
you know what Jack I disagree with them
for whatever that's worth
oh shit area
seeing people are saying that you're
good in that you're the best yeah well
how can you be the best and the worst
these people need to get their
collective opinions is the best of the
worst
oh my god okay okay
so when was the Dreamcast a thing 99
okay why does the trip cast a thing
technically it's still a thing it's
still a physical object already I'm like
what did think about this competed
against PlayStation right the first
PlayStation with the first place okay
hey and I but I think it was like if I
remember correctly this was like the
awkward this came out slightly before
the ps2 bully with everything out of the
water
okay this rule came out shortly before
the ps2 and was killed large was because
people were anticipating the ps2 didn't
get a Dreamcast because they were
waiting for the ps2 okay what button is
the spray paint they told me to do it I
don't know what was the first system to
because I saw some of these games you
can play you can connect to the internet
what was the first system to make that a
thing where the Internet
wasn't the Dreamcast oh we should do
that we should plug in the internet
browser and see if we can go to any
modern internet site no you know what we
don't have a physical connection doing
we need like a oh sure we need an
Ethernet kid oh yeah we probably need a
phone line this ole I'm not kidding is
it dry yeah looks like a phone line
drink was worth boring we're not
entertaining anyway this Dreamcast was
the I'm learning bio Dreamcast so maybe
our station is where England
okay Jesse give us some material we need
it we need a phone line and a dial-up
modem in order to get on line with the
Dreamcast but if we can make it happen
we will go to red letter media calm and
check out the Space Jam website which
they redid pretty simple online no such
bullshit yeah I know it's worse the fact
that they redid it or the fact that they
felt the need to do anything like if
you're like why don't just get rid of it
all together a promotional website for
Space Jam ah they're still selling the
DVD though so I saw it for four dollars
at Barnes and Noble to get it now that's
too much for it you can turn this up if
you want to hear what's going on I
really need to hear what's going on for
this no just kidding music and whatnot
okay
the sweet Jam oh my god so so is this
like a like a Tony Hawk er like a Tony
Hawk the goal once we get to an actual
level is to spray-paint things sure then
there so this is just like a prelude yes
yeah this is all just really
you gotta collect all the spray paint
cans yeah hey AJ do you ever think about
making a guerrilla interrupted - we've
talked about a media agency got any
ideas for guerrilla interrupted sequels
that will never happen
how long were you built the Love Machine
yeah well we talked about all the sudden
the girl interrupts into the commentary
track but we can repeat it here yeah
immediately after well not immediately
but after the first girl interrupted
Lisa leaves you for Mike yeah
and you're upset about this so you end
up building a Love Machine that will
force her to love you but that is taken
over by the Christian group but it's
gonna force everybody to love Jesus yeah
it's an organization that creates like
bible man site videos so we're gonna
have a bible man type character in it
awesome and he was gonna show up at the
end I'd like to try and help save the
day but because he's just a crappy actor
in a dumb costume he just gets killed
immediately it was gonna be a horrific
death using a bear I'm one of those
rubber costumes yeah and the rubber
caster was gonna be like melted into his
flesh that was gonna be his face and the
head of the company it turned out it was
Jesus right yes and then Jesus disguised
it's like a sleazy businessman that was
gonna use the Love Machine to make
everyone love him again world had gotten
so crumbs and then we also had the idea
for the spin-off movie not exactly a
Girl Interrupted sequel but it was going
to be just about SID
Mike's character said there was gonna be
called sit napped it's stuck in like a
crate and ends up in Australia and he
starts boxing kangaroos sort of like
underground Fight Club where he has to
box kangaroos Colin brought a car we're
supposed to grab a car in about how oh
this is terrible I'm terrible and
everything is terrible then why am I so
terrible how do I play this game Nate I
think we need a lot of money we have to
go to Australia to make it and we would
need actual kangaroos sure absolutely
somebody has a good question why would
Jesus need
how many folks it's a comedy because
it's the sequel to gorilla interactive
that's why could we you guys know the
movies called guerrilla interrupted
right I don't know how to pitch right on
the car tell me before the thing I'm
supposed to follow did it and it's not
don't let me went but I press to do that
so no I don't know everything sucks
it says they say in the stream press the
grab there's no grand but it just
doesn't he just does it automatic stream
people there's no crap button oh just
paint cans up here I grab where the air
they are all right I better wear that
they're just floating in the air why
does nobody seemed to notice this
because they're too busy being
conformist oh I am sucking so bad today
oh god that's the thing I got a paint
where's the thing I got a paint somebody
says that you have to press the button
okay you want me to answer that
yeah
transcription
I'm sort of thing
fifteen minutes
zero yeah I know that's an old lady way
of thinking about yeah
what else come on you played this game
oh my god I have no idea what happened
to the audio
why is everyone complaining about the
audio oh yeah I don't know he's a
buzzing again I don't know do we
we literally refreshed nothing folks
hold on did you know
oh so we down there okay I I was sitting
on a couch I didn't fuck up anything
it's very soft box we're two headphones
we go oh oh wait that's not bad oh you
had them West right there oh they want
my Jam's it's fine that it's fixed now
what hey people take a jump kick people
to chat what happened the sound just
looks bloated but it's fine now okay
that's strange we're still working out
the kinks here folks
yeah then we work out the kinks for a
while okay okay now I go back down and I
spray the thing and everybody's happy
and I get hit by a bus and I don't die
does that it ghost bus I could see right
through it ah yeah very trick no look
out for the ghost vehicles Matson Creek
Jackie's bunks reason I am went down the
wrong Street so I don't think Oh God I
like this game at some would touch skip
don't show you how to do it again okay
let's keep the headphones for you in
here okay I guess
that folks yeah okay oh my god maybe we
get hey guys everything everything's
fine everybody let J talked about David
Lynch oh I love David lunch Jay stop
talking about David Lynch you're fuckin
up the stream okay no go ahead talk
about technology Oh what do you want me
to say I'm very excited about the Twin
Peaks that that's coming out and the
hour-plus
of deleted material from fire walk with
me I can't wait yeah yeah hey everybody
pekes is mostly an amazing show man in
that second season gets rough though
yeah really does but it picks up again
at the end even when David Lynch comes
back but that's well the last episode
that's yeah and maybe my favorite thing
David Lynch has ever done it's so great
yeah he's so cute - he is so adorable
got that voice yep I love his uh his
character in Twin Peaks - oh yeah the
commanding officer that's hard of
hearing yeah this is constantly yelling
I looked a little bit in fire walk with
me when very early on when there they
have a school bus pulled over and
there's all the kids on the school bus
screen crying and they have like hookers
or something trying to envision what the
scenario is and how it happened how
those two worlds because we never
learned
and I really love Eraserhead sure what
do you think the worst thing blechh has
it done um I like all of his movies
pretty much maybe dumb lambs that cart -
I'm not few ever saw that I could never
get into that I don't why do you ever
see double oh no I haven't it was it was
a online cartoon thing you did I could
not get into it but as far as movies go
my least favorite might be Lost Highway
you know but I still like it a lot but
if you had to play them in order that
would be your and the way they last as
most people would probably say Inland
Empire but that movie is just so insane
that you can't watch it you have to set
your day aside to watch that movie it's
so creamy - 90 % of the movie is
close-ups of Laura's face awkward
unflattering close-ups of words but
listen guys I don't wanna I don't want
to give too much away about the next
episode of the grab mouse keys all I'm
saying is it takes a dark turn
something's something's in the are you
gonna do this - no offense the people
who like the girl the script for a girl
skis feature that we never made then I
didn't want to make it Mike wrote the
scripts oh I didn't really want to make
it I don't even remember something
happened where Santa accidentally got
into like a hot air balloon and flew
away I really don't remember the only
thing I remember that was funny in the
whole script was that at one point cliff
Kapowski punched a guy it so hard that
he flew into outer space
that's the only thing that it should be
yeah that's all it should be because
that was clicker Buffy his power was
that you he punched people right people
are asking about dude bros why do you
throw it was a failed thing that we did
I only recently like last week watch the
dude bros that was my first time
watching a dude bros was last week
oh yeah what did you think of the new
broom now I finally get the eat it with
your mouth Jim oh yeah that's all that
started let's think it was an improv
that's that's funny that's the only one
of those I like was the Oreo cake store
one yeah the other two didn't quite work
somebody asked where fuck pot is stored
in the roof he has his own little
containment unit yeah it's kept at a
certain temperature to preserve
yeah it's humidity control yeah yeah how
old is fuck five miles
Oh God three yes four years is still the
original cardboard box which might be
crumbling no it's still he's fine no we
made those updates to on but yeah every
like whenever we bring fuck on out it
always takes like like three coats of
aluminum foil tape and aluminum foil and
duct tape and we have to change the
batteries and all the blinking lights up
in the space cop no no no probably not
space cups a real movie guys and a man
we can't afford him for it and fuck
bodies I might I might steal fuck BOTS
arms I'd like to start doing the bye
like my five point of view buying that
so I think I might go get fuck BOTS arms
someone's know where your stored rich
lives in a shed behind the studio it's a
really nice shed no yeah oh my god do
you guys hear the Dreamcast chugging is
that what that is I heard that noise
yeah I wasn't sure it was 1999
technology it's an old piece of tech Oh
someone said if they're charging up
Georgia Carrie Fisher for Star Wars then
we can put the fuck button space wow
that's very very harsh for perhaps fuck
BOTS will make a very special cameo so
you have to buy the blu-ray extended
edition of space copy and in the
extended cut you'll be able to see fuck
BOTS okay yeah oh my god why is that guy
shooting it up and I'm trying to rapini
the place so they shoot at you for
graffiti yes oh my god very strict I
guess oh god get away your way don't
know what I'm doing I'm terrible
oh my god
good mate
oh it looks look like I know that's an
exclamation point but it looks like
you're thinking about a hotdog oh my god
even powers oh I suck so bad it is true
that space cop is already getting Oscar
buzz oh yeah can we do the same joke we
did last week sure a space cop is
getting Oscar buzz and that's very nice
of Oscar to talk about her film like
that he's a very nice man it's still
funny by the way okay
still a funny joke I forgot about it I
think it was like an ashamed aside
doo-doo-doo
sorry what do you think about jet
grinding radio oh your graffiti and
final yeah AC happen I am kind of in
control I just sucked not bad so you're
repeating over other people's graffiti
yes there's turf wars on the cops okay
alright because I never answered my
favorite movie question they said that
my favorite movie is Mike I can't speak
for Jessie but I know what people always
ask what's your favorite movie like I
don't know how to answer that yeah I
don't know yeah there's a I mean do you
go for all time do you go for well I
mean even then so I couldn't go about 50
yeah I have like 50 favorite movies
second kind of mood are you in yeah
certainiy is my favorite movie is
samurai cop another days its Eraserhead
the person who said that they bought the
space cut poster today I know who you
are because I filled your order oh my
god we know where you live you might
want to see the person who keeps
demanding that Mike come into the stream
he is literally in the next room and
we're not gonna ask him to come in
because he doesn't give a fuck about
videogames
oh man you're actually grinding Radio
jet cranberries oh all right hey this
and you grab those you're about as good
on rollerskates in this game as I am in
real life oh it's the dirigible
somebody else is gonna start playing
this game yeah holy place getting here
oh great how do you fight a glad you're
gonna see that you want to vice you want
to see the the thing yeah they won't
remember groans oh uh you got a at such
a screen okay that jumps that doesn't do
anything that doesn't do anything
oh that goes faster oh Jesus Christ
Wow okay right trigger is - okay why do
you give you doing that one left trigger
spray paint things okay and a button
there's to jump and do I want a sprint
without the green arrow is yes okay
it means break my balls or even f4 okay
how do I control my rider cuz I don't
seem to be able to do I can't control
where she's going they're doing and you
doing just fine I'm doing just fine
everybody enjoy I can't seem to move her
left or right that's the six yeah you
know
we're just fine great all right great
I'm doing it there's probably way you
can get up there for the other way sure
somebody's selling me out here it's like
a hard level but I gave you I didn't
know that okay well it's fine it's gonna
be fine
we okay I'm doing I'm doing it guys you
don't need to worry about it oh that's
fine that's fine
I don't know if I am oh and I was going
downhill though
oh shit yeah tag get tagged it tag it
jumping
tagging @j okay you don't even know I'm
tagging you're right I don't
yay shit shit shit go get up there nope
oh hey things I want those
to to to to to to to to
oh I do have a time okay that's just
like can I just fuck around forever cuz
that's probably gonna happen I I have
quite a Metal Gear game by I think
they're kind of bullshit oh the
controversial opinion isn't the
conclusion does not equal good I don't
know what that means cuz I'm anything
about the game the plots in those games
are just kind of batshit crazy okay
games for the sake of conversation I was
about to ask everyone how their Memorial
Day was but then I remembered what
everybody did on Memorial Day yeah and
you already s when you came in while we
were watching the movies really came
back the hot dogs we're in the middle of
watching those miserable yeah yeah we
watched terrible movies great Jackman
real day is the day I discovered that my
tolerance for alcohol is much lower than
it used to be yeah you were kind of
crunk you're doing the one half I
clothes thing oh no no maybe
I'm gonna do it guys I'm gonna do it
no not gonna do it a date with rich
Evans costs one hundred and fifty seven
thousand dollars freely just one day
then yeah that's it that's that's
actually kind of a bargain I know you
could charge way more than that rich if
you want a handjob
it's gonna be that's the stream
everybody that's what they'll be saying
at the end of the day funny get outta
here go go go
we how do you do tricks Jesus jumping
does the trick video multiple jumping oh
yeah okay hey that's okay hey guys I
just fixed it everybody cares about the
video I just fixed it or maybe not
and by I just fixed it I totally fixed
it I don't think it's fixed it's totally
fixed it's not amazing it's totally
fixed frozen fix fix
hey you relax if everybody could just
take a moment and settle the fuck down
it looks very though well this game
doesn't have any Jimmy James no no this
game really doesn't have any Jimmy J no
we it's because we know what
everything's called it spray painting
yeah it's very glitchy now
it doesn't have any Jupe Jupe Jupe dibs
okay hold on everybody
fix the stream again this dream that
keeps getting broke fix the dams yeah we
go you know what we're gonna play
favorite thing
oh yeah raise your jimmy-jam yeah the
stream would have been perfect if only
these guys were better in video game
we're terribly
we're very distracted with each other
and talking to people oh yeah yeah I'm
bursting yeah of course this is a game
we're plating god this since 1999
you plot I'm just surprised you played
it in 1999 when will the worm a
Dreamcast was held sure right I wanna go
stay in one with offers it was fun well
you know this was like the first major
game that had associated yeah yeah I
think that was like a first for this and
that was probably the major reason I
bought it because oh this looks the meat
it does have a very nice art yeah and
yeah I like the style of this oh my god
it's a pretty game it is a pretty game
we play FTL we love that we love FTL
that feels just amazing
yes what does that feel faster than
light start search the game okay it's
you get to be captain of the spaceship
and you have to still looking pretty
good over there
yeah what is it what is it like pregnant
just could be our internet connection
this is our connection is the stream
looking good or straight and it's
Thunder eat you give a shit is the audio
also stuttering this is the question for
everyone it just could be you know we're
sending out the signal and getting the
signal bang you know we're using a lot
of the tubes here which is a totally
real thing Oh team G or Deep Space nine
totally TNG totally ts9 but I just find
stream looks good oh yeah Deep Space
nine is I don't know it's not my go-to
which one had Bakula on it that's okay
any one of those you know there is an
episode where he's on a beach playing
beach volleyball with no shirt I know
that's like the best movie on demo spa
there was a woman in it that looked
really familiar I was like who is this
woman so I looked up on IMDB and it's
got back it was wife in real life she's
in death spot Scott says I'm not that
lucky
oh because he's been down Smosh she's
lucky in life stop panic you'll erases
Jessie's Jimmy James you can go in here
whoa
crazy you guys just crazy this is
awesome
are you enjoying this is so far yeah
okay oh yeah oh yeah oh my god that's
what sheesh I in a wall guys okay
favorite episode of TMG who watches the
Watchers is good oh yeah that might be
the best so what's the one really make
first contact with the civilization and
like the car and bikers like this guy's
one of the aliens and he gets into your
face in the hospital and they're all
freaked out because they've discovered
an alien oh that's one da a.m. that's
called that's another excellent episode
yeah it's a great one
you know you know what episode I totally
loved is um oh my god I'm gonna forget
the one where Picard is stuck on the on
the alien planet with the guy who speaks
really funny darn doc oh thanks
the most nonsensical alien race though
but yeah that is a brilliant episode
where they can't fit they can only speak
in metaphors they can only speak in
metaphor and no and that's why no one
can figure out their alien language
there's a third alien language and they
never should have been able to get off
their own planet
yeah but it's a great episode that's a
good classic Star Trek and darm dharma
dharma continue go ahead tonight or
whatever that's alright you just made
these names up I made the second name up
people are saying that yeah start
walking to it to not glitter it's a real
thing yeah okay I don't think ye that
race because well yeah it's the most
nonsensical yes
language at least ever it's a it's a
dumb alien language but it's a great
life
Picard having to figure shit out and not
and be non violent episode jalan-jalan
that's it fucking tonight July at
Sinagra Darmok I just whispered
something oh yeah oh my god there's a
helicopter shooting missiles at you
burger feed yes this game is good but
you don't completely suck oh my god get
out of here get out of here
no you know that was eyes open oh that
was a great episode I just recently
re-watched a whole bunch of next-gen and
that episode came up and it is a killer
it is a killer one patty go where am i
oh I don't know what it is I'd never
watched Star Trek yeah but every time I
hear any of you guys describe the plot
of an episode of next gen and like that
sounds interesting I should watch that
you never I just never do I don't know
why they crazy hold up they hold up so
yeah yeah I gotta get out of here I'm
gonna go to a different area
I don't think next gen whatever novel ha
ha
until we actually get to the far future
foreseeable future next-gen will
continue to be an amazing TV series
somebody has to leave now
shame it was pleasant heavy yeah well
maybe it was so Thanks
Benton boogie love trap master kundo I'm
gonna do betting Joe I don't like him I
like being the ladies in games I know
that one that was the torture episode
where Kurt was caught by the Kardashians
and the torture Michelle was a three
lights but they run are four lights and
they wanted to say something then three
or five just a break-in
oh don't do it listen it's I think you
can't expect to know all of the things
there's an important question
okay um Scott Bakula is hotter whoa then
who then Mike Brooks then Mike Rowe yeah
is way hotter then micro absolutely
micro is a very attractive man jobs
dirty job you ever watch dirty jobs on
the Discovery Channel
no back when it used to be the science
before for science gel all right after
after I guess I was the beginning of the
end shows like a dirty job you know I'm
okay back to that let you and your your
ice road trucking
but Bakula is a very handsome man I am
doing what you are asking me to do Jet
Set Radio Scott Bakula is really
handsome Scott Bakula is incredibly and
he's uh he's a singer too is he yeah he
does some like stage plays well you
can't forget stuff like that good good
friend he's what you know what he's
working oh no I fell down oh okay oh my
god somebody says if there's a dick dick
Scott Bakula dick pic fine you guys
we'll be right back Jesse needs us to
shut the stream down for like five
minutes
somebody please send Jesse that dick
pics by the way could you not far as
other games I might like the stream I
would like me more girls come on weeps
great to contemplate holds up I need
that I haven't watched quantum leap
since it was originally on I need to
revisit it it's one of my all-time
favorite shows yeah yeah I believe it I
got to imagine that was if not more
expensive at least some more difficult
Star Ferry no somebody said every every
other day there's a denim period piece
yeah but no sets cash like oh he's a
different set of practical location Oh
practical patience sure set sets are
expensive dog
I really have no idea what I'm doing I'm
just I'm just tagging is that the game
okay there's some boss battle you things
but you have like tagged of the bad guys
back uh head and we're skating around
nice are there you Tron video games it
seems like that's a yes like there would
have to exist right yes
arcade game play some video games
Jesse what are you out knowing about you
can't oh no and then not say what's
going on directly are actual video game
sorry I'm sorry
there's something about Scott Bakula
yeah let's go back you long I'm out of
here
yes you just let's turn this into the
Scott Bakula livestream just talk about
Necessary Roughness nice nice I don't
even remember that very I think I saw I
remember oh what the fuck
Oh how do we get out of here jump on
that band least oh god you gotta run oh
hey there's some things run
Oh fuck-you arrow tell me the wrong way
to go know that think that is the way I
want to go is it yeah oh shit don't know
they're all Rick rolls over there just
Rick rolls so I should not have stopped
the tag this I should not have stopped
the Tagus Rick rolls isn't a thing
anymore it that's like a decade old at
this point I'm many decades oh you were
totally right get on that thing and
spray that spray then I can't go back
and spread no no I just wanted to get
out of here okay I got out of here oh
you got I think it was the thing you got
spray is the other way what's funny
there's plenty of things to spray we
okay why are we not watching the flat
pocket oh because they're probably
getting loose use the regular use they
are using use they're all using all
those sports people they're just using
oh my god I don't want to see the black
box news
Oh Oh did you hear that sound effects
what's your sticker Lynette's car sound
a photo of it yeah oh yeah it's great oh
it's fun oh oh oh I am somewhere oh oh
okay oh hey oh I got a special thing
oh there's another one there's just a
large paint can I'll take it
yeah okay
you guys I am pretty much killing it at
jet grind radio I'm not gonna lie what's
the name of the huge jet grind radio
okay Oh puck we released on the Xbox as
Jet Set Radio yeah they changed the name
I don't know why cry nope they thought
the word grind was too aggressive are
you gonna go look up Scott back up the
big banks you guys just ran out of this
room so she's looking Scott back Jesse
turn on private browsing at this stage
is still stupid enough to send dick pics
or like like like the actresses and
stuff it's like yeah it's certainly it's
going to get out it's a given
what are you right up on my mind I try I
try to touch your eyes Jean near the end
of that ramp Jack I tried going thank
you great there's an arrow behind but I
turn turn don't know Wow yep yep
Oh Jet Set Radio was the original title
that was changed for the English release
oh okay
Oh any mark I played a little bit of jet
set radio on the Xbox it seemed like a
rebate to be more secretive so jet set
was a sequel yes it was sequel I know
them a little bit I never heard the
other things I could be wrong
wrong about anything that was a doofy
laughs sorry I have um a dupe everyone
know I'm gonna take this first oh oh oh
oh I thought they were it's a herb stop
in your zone they said oh you got away
you're mad yeah
finish we don't want you to get away we
want to bust you for being dumb
graffiti yeah for a while
pretty much pretty much run if you guys
want a rich Evans laughs you're gonna
have to fucking baby
I can't think that shit I try people do
think it's fake - no it's our others
comments about that hello here you go
Jay what's the best Friday the 13th
movie o4j oh that's actually a tough one
because I like a lot of them for very
different reasons as far as the best
like actual movie horror movie probably
Park for most entertaining is probably
part six trend was for was that sores
the one with Corey Feldman okay
reshape the set at the end to confuse
Jason that one's actually pretty good
movie it's got weird stupid stuff in it
but for a Friday the 13th movie it's the
best put together it's got the best
what was three things like what three
was the one with Corey Feldman Oh three
was 3d 313 I was yeah I was the one when
they're in the farmhouse
I guess sir the farmhouse in a lot this
one was only done three D gimmicks
that's the one REE Jason gets his mask
and part 4 has the the Crispin Glover
dance which may be for no other reason
that's why it's the best and I just
remember your birthday you watch them
all was so great it was a marathon is a
birthday I'm hurt a hug yeah but not
just not just watch them all watch them
all on the set I'm the point consent no
I guess it wasn't like it said but it
was the dock of the dead house set which
was covered on fake blood at that point
yeah so the windows were boarded up so
basically what we watch them out on for
a movie set yeah yeah oh it was utterly
rain it was 90 the 13th movies on Friday
the 13th all day you have to tell people
be careful don't slip on fake one oh my
god no no birthday and for the rest of
my life will ever top that yeah well and
it was especially creepy because you
know like it was a living room set yeah
and then when I got I forgot you were
other son you wouldn't forget her on a
second or a while and then just look up
and there's no ceiling it's very weird
it was really unsettling but I think I'm
I have to tag this guy but I already
tagged him once somebody is overjoyed
that I have this promise to work Oh
looking good
do you made someone's day hey can I
oh is this the thing I need to do well
people are other people are running
bye-bye
thanks for coming how many people are
watching right now just explore about 17
people who the last minute yeah
you know why too much shit that right
here yeah oh I have no idea where I'm
going on what I should be doing also not
like that's different than any other
time but every Sun you got a knock that
guy down okay how do I knock him down I
don't recall
I guess you jump on his back I don't
know okay try charge economics bags what
happens okay I'll find them okay
how are we not going sky down
tell me three seconds ago Oh every
people are saying that everyone is
leaving here to go and look at Scott
Bakula see I claim you know that's
really understandable no you didn't
bring up the dick pic you didn't even
know I didn't even know somebody here
told me oh she made it seem really
appealing though I'm sorry well really
how do you make Scott Bakula dick pic
not sound appealing right okay okay all
right that's okay
we want something else well I mean I can
keep playing this is really fun or
unless you wanna play 5j do you want to
give did say you want to give another
game a shot I don't really want to give
this game a shot okay well then I think
let's take another break juice up and
come back for some four player Power
Stone - what controllers you know what
we'll see if we can drag Mike in here
everybody takes a break we're gonna see
if when you drag Mike in here for four
player power stuff we're gonna take a
break ready to be disappointed no but
we're gonna try and you will ask if Mike
will comment
hey don't sit there also guys I said I
was gonna do some literally man I'm
gonna go drink some juice like that not
steroids
