Episode 015
Mike's Power Stones
August 7, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJB0gsh6C8M
___________________________________________

Hey mics are on
powers died we're back with power stone
oh wait we have power extent to which is
a four-player years okay we have a we
have a four player game it's a fighting
game and we we actually have Mike in
here Mike do you want to play Power
Stone with us no I do not want to play
any video games all right I'm leaving
okay yeah Oh Mike all right
there's nice seeing ya goodbye all right
I need a controller bye you just told
everybody to go fuck off Jessi would you
like to point
no rich this is my first time playing
Power Stone X button do X's punch is
jump you want to get all the power
stones so you get Jessi awfully
powerful okay unless you have you can't
oh you can but they help tremendously
okay so is jump X is punch y is kick and
B is pick up stuff okay and I'm assuming
there's combinations you can do yeah and
then when you pick something up you
press the X button to throw it okay X is
useful I may not be as useful for
picking things up like they'll be guns
lying around you can pick up a gun and
fire a gun so keep keep being mud
arcade-version
what B is my favorite vitamin so it'll
be easy to remember don't go our kids
it's one player is it it looks like it
oh oh no Jesus crazy press the start
button okay so we got to do it
separately how do we pick who you give
to me well you had to do it probably
before oh here comes okay okay new
challengers here - whose - I am - we
know what that means this thing around I
don't want you are for Jessi all right
you're all three three okay Wang Kang
boy I don't know who to play just pick
somebody for me you have looking it is
gonna be confusing this your no jack
okay your Jack okay so Jack is the chef
Jessi's Jack Jay's Wang tangling where
are we going oh my god holy up with the
tip of your thumb and not like this so
you can get the punch button easy I
don't know what I'm doing you're holding
the buttons wrong oh my god let you know
what I am I look at me yeah sucks your
voldar hit you oh oh Jesus somebody's
picked me up and do it anything missiles
at you shoot miss azano oh my god oh god
God here what am I
oh wait I fell on my butt yeah spell my
but I fell down the hole because I
didn't you guys there's so many power
stones no idea what is happening no I
did - oh my god how am i doing the worst
is dissolving oh hey hey hey I didn't
know you're fighting in okay now
fighting dick I pick something up with a
why with with the B he picks up oh oh no
how do I use whatever I pick up oh okay
ah you guys are gonna get it by soon I
don't want to get a nice little wait I
did
no I'm dead you know I didn't die soon
I'm hiding in a corner continue to not
die next page fuck are we we out
completely yeah I think that's just
suggesting jack been there right
are we sure about that I don't I have no
idea the answer yeah oh please wait this
is bullshit bullshit yeah yeah I'm sorry
I'm better than you I'm really sorry I
don't even know what I'm doing
Oh Oh you start button for Jane Oh what
if I don't want to play that well you
don't have to I'm not gonna be wing tank
I'll tell you that much Oh little PD
look at Pete Oh Petey he looks he looks
completely useless so I'm gonna plan
just to blow everybody up main it bill
whoa oh my lord
oh wait I gotta go fight girl that
corner oh Jesus
yeah get over get away get over here oh
shit don't mind me oh yeah yeah I'm
gonna fuck up your world whoa oh my god
not doing that I'm not okay
like sensory overload for me yeah yeah
it's a little munch Oh
I'm just gonna swim
oh there where my guy is oh my god oh my
god oh my god mother's bed it is sunny
on fire that was very rude that was me
damn burn bitch oh my god doing it oh my
god
everybody get my suit my dad Oh dad
again oh how did you survive that by a
sliver in a prayer nextage power suit
you're fighting me I'm a chef okay yeah
and like I didn't like little Pete
gunrock gives a little too masculine for
me you know start surface area all right
no we go back that's great
hey guys fucking nice fucking work
you hear the pretty girl fuck you
this guy Falcon yeah alright
oh my oh my oh my who's that big guy
that's me
well that's the stairs Jesus James
gunrock and it's not gonna make a
difference he's the horrible monster
he's the gentle giant sure if that's
what you would like to go I would like
to call him the jumpin Joe rather than
the idiot chef that make soup dog you
can't you can't fuck okay I can clean
course you can't folks if it's a fluid
spikes
I just keep hearing someone say when you
get new persons when you go that's how
it's time to get to be powerful we told
you about those I know but I don't know
what the hell is happening - oh is that
I kind of climbed up this wall for like
Nooyi oh my god got in there got of
there oh I did something he hit me with
a thing with my fist oh no and then I
fell down a hole
am i dead oh there I am that's what you
get for fucking on Jack superwomen Wow
everything is coming up where Milhouse
is coming out yeah I didn't want to
necessarily do a Simpsons thing and
sound hold on now we are going to
quickly check the stream and see if
anyone has any say now that we're in the
middle of playing let's see here and
start button Jay fight for your freedom
I'll be gun rock again why not
you know what guys we all wish Mike was
here this is just price we asked him you
heard it
video has been frozen for like ten
minutes is it no no this videos fine
fine that's a problem on your end sir or
madam or in between oh yeah
who's the cowboy me I'm now a cowboy
you're a cowboy
congratulations I'm gonna go over here I
was gonna be over here oh no oh no go
over here we pick up this goddamn bolt
there oh shit oh no it's gone again
do you guys want any no oh no this is
yes entire game oh no oh no yeah we all
know I'm going bonkers here
come out of here
most people did it's all right how do
you feel about Gatlin go see one
dinosaur sir when he gets the car
where's the chef wearing it's like a
clown outfit all rich you're an angel
sorry I guess I interrupted this lets
you in let you get a new player in the
middle of the fight that is retarded
really yes that's exactly what happened
I did not think I didn't know what
happened now are we starting over
apparently I don't know let's go to this
no no I go there I guess I did not know
that moving selects the level where do
you want to go next I wanted to go to
the one that looked like an island this
is this is scary
oh no Jeff samurai rock monster and
white guy and guy and frog my strategy
for this game is to get him this gun and
just shoot this shit out of everybody
and these goddamn Eagles oh no oh yeah I
was in that thing for like a second
yeah and then sue happen oh you fucker
you can't can't stop the suit you guys
you just can't stop it go go where
Oh Oh my shoe everybody that's a good
point
that's what that's what y'all rambo does
at the end of the rainbow that makes all
the other mercenaries do shit just hides
behind a giant fucking gun cuz rambo
smart you guys were fly fighting or it
would be if i could figure out anything
did you guys want some frank Brit so
he's yellow oh he's yellow yeah I'm
great oh where am I oh there oh fuck
yeah that corner
Oh No my strategy shoot everything
that's a good strategy
yeah I'm gonna die in like two seconds
there I'm done uh which should press the
button did I always survive holy Lord
I'm the leaner all right now what now we
pick a different level
okay so Ju we're under the one that you
want to pick I'm gonna go to the island
go everything is jamming Janice I like
some J's gonna choose the level someone
we get to that point nobody nobody
choose a level
man that thing is loud that's fine
it's all bitch what the hell is he doing
Barry we're going to the island oh this
is the worst level on the game it's okay
Oh fucking boats
hey you picked the Louisville I thought
it was an island
oh it's barely not an island some Island
in despair
I'm getting out of here oh god don't go
in the water
what happens in you go in the water you
you die
oh I'm not dying you get hurt I'm gonna
be over here and I'm gonna that's fine
that's my strategy
oh you can get a shield I'm never
getting out of this get out
no you bastard they're taking away my
only joy Oh No oh now we're on this one
okay oh no I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
in two seconds cuz I gotta fuckin to10
Oh bitch joking
change the button now you wanna hit stop
everybody from playing button yeah yeah
I think I can help you oh yeah come on
whoa little thing bingo oh thanks you're
welcome
hey guys are this thing out of here oh
my god
what the hell is that I have no I I wish
I could tell you this game this game I
love this game I'm starting to get the
hang of it thank you twice in a row yeah
I can kind of keep track of what's
happening now press Continue yeah that's
right my compassion doomed me I wanted
to make sure to play I'm gonna be fuckin
PD oh no really
I think he gets a giant robot oh when he
turns into this if you get if you get if
you get all the jams you turn into a
giant robot
okay Jimmy James do we need everybody in
oh yeah we're all okay said Power Stone
is fun everybody
yeah our stone it's super fun because of
the chaos they need to be release this
and make a new one or something
if I was in English oh oh oh I'm sorry
did I get you into box good shit oh my
god what no that's awesome power I just
want that giant pool oh no yep
oh I guess I should be going up there
now really already guys I'm gonna hit
the button
pity you little dweeb I'm gonna help you
oh thanks
oh no I'm dead wow you almost have
killed each other as I was doing pretty
bad really yeah anything exciting going
on in the chat we don't even know what's
happening yeah sorry everybody in the
chat we're we're playing boss is way too
intense and by the way we are not going
to play beyond 2 souls or heavy rain
those games look like fuck ass
I was not consulted on that yeah I was
not oh I was not no Richards not
consulted on that that was that's my I'm
not gonna maybe ritual do it oh no I
don't want rolled ain't the wrong button
Oh what you got something it's woman no
I just didn't want to be robe sounds
like you got something against women to
me I got something against people named
rogue um girl power
yeah somebody asked for Julia so no I
think I don't know I kind of read that
let's go here okay nobody else is
picking so yeah you think it's cool if
you know what dark is cold ah really
Julie's you skip a little dress oh yeah
apparently it's Rouge broke they keep
saying it's wrote in that room it's
right in our own what does that mean he
says listen right know you fucks
oh shit oh shit hey we're trying to
shoot me with a Gatling gun it will
there we go
oh no oh yeah make it jump on me okay
that's my bike in there
you hate this jumping know where they go
there
you just beam me up
whoa whoa whoa stop
what is that by the way apparently if
you present both triggers at the same
time you get a different attack what I
wish I were still plays I just impale
somebody Oh pizza right
baby with me it's not just all right
anything interesting going on in the
chat um or they just been boring
oh my god you guys I would love to play
Super Smash Brothers all the time I love
Super Smash Brothers I don't tell you to
be anyone everyone ever played yeah you
can see what anybody who wants a lot
like this it's all somebody else just
raise it to Mario Brothers characters
yes not related like Sonic oh okay it's
fun it's super fun we should all play
the cjj Solid Snake us I've heard you
say it where we on we're going here this
fucking why not oh we got two beats yeah
Mario colors
Jessi's record your style oh you don't
know it could be anything I wanted to
mirror you can be a string anything
automated that's really
me the law what the bull Wow we're just
we're not but it's not what it sounds
like
boxes this is the best credit getting
too crazy am i red or green I think you
are ready
oh the shelter buddies do new stuff when
you're not when you're not powerful
finally no one's a check
which one oh shit I'm red I'm red yeah
yeah yeah you like her power sighs fine
now sorry Wow hello bored stop doing
that
you're waiting for me this time
wait Anna be such a jerk
no that was Jack who said that's what it
sounds like Jack was being racist
against Asians they made a sound and I
made a sound that sounded like their
sound and so I'm gonna do this one more
time and then I'm gonna take a break
from it that sounds like a great idea
it's getting a little late yeah it's
getting a little late I don't want to be
have we been Julian I was Julia oh fuck
it you get okay my brain it's starting
to fall out of my head
oh look at our pretty dress yeah where
we're going gonna fight people in here
apparently you can okay well pick one I
think you think no more arcade mode go
to vs. mode but isn't this kind of
versus mode no I don't understand
yeah it's fine you know guys it's all
the same to you know what they probably
doing okay the versus mode probably
don't do them levels that partly restart
favor we're just right here do you have
an ad the gyms and we're sorry I'm back
oh yeah
no get up get out of there here you're
frozen my god how do you make soup the
right figure but you have to get out
themselves
oh my god Ross no it's weird what is
happening I can't see anything
that's what's happening oh my god turned
into something else what the fuck am i
why am i a different thing now I got all
the Jimmy Jim doesn't that what does
that mean though that means you turn
Super Saiyan and and you have to hit the
hour button or the L button the what
button so turn to me triggers I I'm
holding a giant flaming skull and you're
doing great what oh no oh no let me out
of here fucking dad but this guy what
the Oh how'd he make soup
somebody said that was funny thank you
it was pretty oh you you show up at the
next stage day yeah that's the big gain
is one without using the triggers before
because he's just that good I guess I
didn't know there were triggers I have
no idea what I'm doing I'm at the very
end there though a four hour livestream
might be long enough okay I mean Chris
do you want play anymore I'm always good
from color stuff see if anyone has
questions and okay line down is what
we'll do here okay guys we're winded now
Jay is looking at the chat oh I'm gonna
be a character rich and I are gonna play
one more round ask your questions
I like PD I'm gonna be PD
and when are you streaming next that's a
good bet by the way that is a good
question I don't know whatever we're
free next okay maybe next week Wednesday
so far it's been Wednesdays we'll see
we'll see more free next yeah follow us
on Twitter there's a Twitter link to the
Pre Rec Twitter and well we'll give you a
heads up before we stream it is this
enjoyable
so they said Mike is going through a
God's face very likely remember god I do
remember how did the watercooler fit
start with Jack and Jessi Jessi probably
know the answer to that we just came up
with it just to be goofy because we
always need a little goofy things
jokes Jessi and I are in real life BFFs
yeah and and so yeah we needed a thing
where two people hey fuck we're not in
the scene we're doing something funny
it's like oh I do all this can I are
BFFs so we can just do a thing that's
yeah
so sorry if that was a disappointing
story but that's all we got now we're
chocked full of disappointment never
planet I think we answered this last
week ever plan on doing a live best of
the worst no I mean exists an editing is
what makes those those episodes yes yes
we cut out all the boring stuff but
there's a lot of it yeah there is so
much boring stuff it's it's three movies
you guys and so just you know that's
that's six hours of mostly boring stuff
you get hot do you guys want some toy
soldiers ah and look how much health
back out PT fucking champion of the
world
my brain is gonna fall out man I just
wanna let you know oh hey how did you do
that that was cool
which do you like scoot it around me
yellow and scooty you know I don't know
what I'm doing okay
Oh fucking keep your head oh okay this
is okay you're done
my face is melting boy but hey guys
everybody thanks for coming and watching
us be be dickweeds why are you such a
pimp because I'm ballin chuckling 24/7 I
I don't know what any of those words you
just said is that a video game saying it
was the the barking
so you can set it for you no no okay
okay thanks
