Episode 017
GUN(what)GRAVE
August 10, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM0LMf-QSOg
___________________________________________

I
these are real
okay I'm not listening would you say
stop with
bitch you suck where I'd say to deserve
this
a lot of people do sunny things
your nose no that's the sequel do we
want to skip cutscene e-type suffer yeah
I do like cowboy bebop I haven't seen
much of cowboy bebop but I enjoy the
style of well I haven't seen it but I'm
pretty sure it's the same guy who did
this song oh okay oh yeah that's
definitely not Erica Muppets okay with
the cartoons in general very keep
hearing about it yeah it's like you know
it's it's pretty standard as far as
anime is concerned where it's in the
future but it's also the Old West and
and spike who spike is the name of the
main character and he knows karate and
he's better at karate than him
Louise it has a spaceship okay in the
dark I scratch again white karate
he fights goddess isn't I don't know
what that means it fights karate with a
gun and he's really good at is it an
overarching story then or is it just fun
a non-related episode of misadventures
adventure with an overarching sorry no
and I I just want to see people are
gonna gonna shit themselves with them
already it's more than a cartoon Jack no
it's not it's a fucking cartoon with
it's a good cartoon but it's still
cartoon it's an animated thing about a
cartoon is I like like anime but it's
occurred to
cuca look I should know another bite
yoga that's true he fights yoga with
Ronny see fuck someone didn't I see
someone did say that you would like it
rich cuz it's basically uh on solo type
oh yeah yeah oh yeah that's right
they're bounty hunters they're they're
bounding up well that sounds fun
it is no it's it's a legit good show I
enjoyed the bit is an amazing are
usually ridiculous or completely fucking
full of it and you know yeah it's it's
it's melodramatic I don't know enough
about anime where I could comment a big
dramatic but it's fun it's a good I
think it's on a cure of I was in high
school in the animation is beautiful but
I fucking hate people love accurate yeah
yeah oh yeah I don't remember anything
about it I don't remember a single thing
about it
yeah it's been so long
I've never been into anime that's a
cover some people can't do it I you know
like I remember the first time I saw a
ghost
Tara hey just about shit might be now
and I saw that at the audience really
had various computer just yes
okay so should we just shoot everything
you shoot everything guns its while
carrying your confident today you get I
mean those six style points for
destroying things and continuously
hitting things about missing a be
business I mean it's pretty much you
know like dynasty Warriors we're good
as someone who hasn't become a Texas
get into anime person
oops cranes down I knew like hey man
look like five bucks give them $5
five bucks let's take over the woods
they're gonna be zoom those fucker
that's we did I deer the zoo they do
everything you're saying right now is
wrong well you know why yeah I know it's
definitely a a style over substance
okay
you don't want to look in hice like if
you started someone saying to turn the
game audio to me yeah fuck you okay well
there's a lot of loud gunshots people
they fuckin complain about the I don't
care see people complain about the audio
then I see people say it's okay look at
you stop first
you start doing that shit here's my
problem when you guys tell us to do
stuff I can no longer trust you I move
skeleton skeleton invested in resistance
resistance on Sunday when the game audio
legitimately wasn't working I saw all
their messages saying the game audio is
not working I ignored it please have
your fucking fucking point cry Wolf's
bitches I don't know whether it's going
on boys cried skeletons but that's all I
know so it okay the game on Ellie is
turned down
a problem kind of her beard ya know they
talk about Evangel tennis is not you
know like cowboy bebop is something
where if you like cowboy bebop is a good
place to start now
it's really stylistic it's got a neat
story that's a really good place I will
have to take your word for it
yes I I don't know that I want to start
to tell you the honest truth it's just
it's just like any other movie or TV
show
dude it's like anything else
what's it like this this is the listener
problem I run into a lot where it's just
like people are like if I start watching
anime that I'm going to be someone who's
into anime just a part it's just a movie
if you just happen to be Brad
if I start watching this comedy film I'm
going to watch hunter watch more comedy
film that's true then
okay I think that's how worried about
peepee and empathy I want watch go
through the spell
I may have seen ghost in the shell' high
school
I don't remember that you think about it
just like a cure okay doesn't fall out
of the category of enemies I'm sure most
it but you know what sometimes that
paper dramatic
my big idea over the top stuff is kind
of fun yeah that's a little schlocky but
as you can fuckin sweet kick-ass karate
fight see that's what you do
bunch of karate place I played one level
he played well tilaka we'll talk about a
little bit of really good part they just
opened a beer we'll let him finish his
beer how are you guys getting ready to
finish y-yeah I don't know we have no
what everybody else wants to do I mean
you do everyone we have nope
I don't know I don't know how exciting
this game is or isn't people who cried
wolf but I guess what we're saying is
we're probably not going to do a best of
the worst probably no yes I'll Studio
Ghibli films counters animate but those
are nice too
yeah well that's also another good place
to start like ano and a neighbor to toe
oh sure that's it those are super fun
owls floating castle
there's a lot that good that's a good
okay you're right let's stop talking
about animators but what should we talk
about now yeah give us something
Jaeho kind of beer you drinking oh Jesus
Old Milwaukee sorry
no word along we've talked about doing
that yeah and the Super Mario Brothers
movie isn't given well we there's other
trio of those who wanted to do that well
I don't know if we've changed our minds
I don't wanna talk about sure yeah
there were some good at least preview
wise there's some good suggestions yeah
like not necessarily like any time on
the message board on the best okay I
think I must've missed it weren't video
they weren't movies based on video games
but video like trapped inside a video
game oh I did see that someone mentioned
our cake yeah in the arcade there's
mostly boring that's a full moon okay
which means that it has kind of a funny
movie concept but it's mostly boring a
lot of their movies are like that
there's one called like when game box
game box we only have that - yeah that
looks yeah I know the Raiders of it kind
of old friends of mine I haven't seen
I know Topanga from boy needs oldest oh
then let's watch it I love Topanga he's
back that show is back well says it at
canceled already it says it even started
yet I don't know no no Oh J any plans to
continue with the quick oh yeah not
probably yeah they will anyone can do a
quick cuz I'm just been Jake I'm gonna
see what everyone's done up so I I
talked about doing one from frozen oh
yeah and they're there are movies that I
could have done one for and this busy do
another crap I just don't get around I
would I'd like to have done one for they
came together
David Wayne's new film that just came
out of its Sun then some theaters but
it's also on on-demand Amy Poehler and
Paul Rudd's
funniest movie I've seen in their voices
thank you
oh yeah
I can't understand the words in the rest
of your sentence but any favorite music
videos oh that's a good one
there's a music video that Eric Wareheim
directed and this song is called we all
know it's we are water is it like I'm on
a school football field or something no
it's the one with the girl being chased
by a guy with the big machete is it oh
man we are water people look it up it is
trying to think of all time I don't even
know I have to really reach back into my
brain recent ones there's a video I
don't even like anywhere the name of the
band there on epitaph records but I
don't care for the song that much but
it's called I don't want to be an
asshole anymore hello the video the
video supposed to be funny but I find it
more adorable than anything
it's Jason Voorhees isn't it okay and
he's trying to turn his life around so
he can talk to girls that's the premise
of the video and it's really cute
you seem like doing situps and it's it's
I know it's supposed to be a comedy
thing but I just thought it was kind of
kind of adorable incidentally mr.
completely nice I'm trying to think of
all your videos cuz I hadn't I've seen
so many music videos when I grew up when
there used to be music videos on TV oh
that's a health health is the name of
the man Thank You Jan health we are
water look up yeah music videos are
tough so it's like maybe they used to be
you know weird bitch thing and then
everyone did them yeah and now no one
cares about them though they're kind of
good again because no one airs but yeah
I mean all the single wing couldn't even
tell you what the video for that is not
joking it's your fiance in two days
their ass
now raise your the worst video is that
Robin Thicke
Alan Thicke son oh that blurred line the
blurred lines video
yeah the Unrated one it is literally
just boobs look it is the most pathetic
thing I've ever leaved we're gonna be
dancing around these boobs okay that's
cool right and it's a stupidest thing
seen so many of them I really like
height Williams is with stupid ho no I
really was directed uh what's her name
the rapper his name not little Kim who
wants to play help you it was stupid
help she also my god what's their name
chant what's her name you stupid ho for
you like that
she also has a sign of super bass
because that boom badoom boom boom
badoom boom face Oh Nicki Minaj Thank
You Nicki Minaj video for stupid hoe is
really amazing and you would never guess
it because the song is so stupid oh oh
you know is the best video trapped in
the possible I will not see my first
volume of that the first DVD and it
really is the most amazing thing it is
so insane and it just keeps going oh my
god okay
there are so many really
I think though I wanted s to do with and
oh man that we were talking about
earlier that had a pony head boy band oh
shit Hatchin yeah Hot Chip Ezra
come on I got I got like collections of
you it was like you know like like do
you remember all the old like Michelle
go oh yeah there's DVDs was like that
spike Joe Pikul spike jonze collections
right leave it that you're making here
yes yes
like Michelle countries are always like
kind of you know similarly whimsical
yeah that spike jonze
yes Victor instead the video wax
California was a song with a guy running
down the street on fire - Vegas that was
a good one he also did the sweater song
one shot which I don't think I have ever
seen on the stage you always talk about
that video I don't think
it's a small one shot me down beautiful
yeah
yeah
when you grew up with it we took these
videos for granted well I guess you
didn't have cables really be an MTV I
think I took music videos for granted
until
you should definitely look into a really
great music video is mr. Carlton did you
play that at the start of the stream I
did okay of course it is
she's playing the piano on the back of
truck and driving down walking past and
she's home by Chris Cunningham yeah he
was yeah
this dr mark romantic he did a bunch too
and that crazy to think that there were
people that like no makers and artists
doing music videos you never think of
that anymore yes the music video it's
just like someone made it yeah there are
people like Michael Bay he did it yeah
ripped off David Fincher's music videos
I think there's any on YouTube of that
of people comparing shops from intro
music videos to shot some Michael Bay
music videos where he's just lately
ripping off the neck David Fincher David
Fincher's got a new coming out the
trailer for came out the other day
that's cold
go on the girl it's not a book I'm not
right look but the trailer can I talk
about
oh no disappointed I was with the girl
with the drink yeah you know I we saw
Eaters we actually didn't happen the bag
on it okay and I liked it well enough I
rewatched it last winter and I really
really liked a lot more of a second time
it's fine well I'm glad you you spoke
your mind now there was
so much height for that movie and like
the weather and everything like it you
know it was one of those things was like
the focus British version of the movie
the American version of the movie and
it's like it's a fine but it's an
episode of CSI you know it's just a kind
of a really shitty crime story it's you
know I appreciated the little details
more the second time like I loved the
setting of it like this Jordan whole
family lives and all these little houses
in the stable area and yeah I really
appreciate it a lot more the second time
than I did all of the build making
element very welcome yeah I think that's
what I said the first time I saw where I
appreciate it morning they'll make you
my Boldin on the storytelling bubble
well because the story is simple as fuck
it is yeah and really confusing this
fuck too because like spoiler alert
we're gonna talk about any of the stream
people lose the stream he's like he he
starts having sex with the girl with the
dragon tattoo and then goes home and has
sex the other lady in The Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo is mad yeah but why is she
mad like because she opened up to him
and that's actually different than the
original one that's not the ending of
the park
yeah but it didn't make any sense
because like he was having sex with a
lady first yeah other the girl Dragon
Tattoo what's her name lost that one
sticker ruled the Dragon Tattoo yeah no
she starts to have feelings for and she
dies in this bed is opening up to
somebody and she's always been so closed
off right and in sores but he's still
there it's not like it's not like he
told her to go fuck herself he's like
yeah he came to see what they have it
what they had was special to her yeah so
when she sees him with another woman
she's like oh her it's broken that's the
way nice a movie that's the end of the
movie whatever it's okay it's a that's
the thing it's okay so it's a really
beautifully shot yeah and also a great
looking movie episode of CSI sweet but I
prefer as far as recent day of Pinter
movies go
hey Xena I haven't seen oh that's really
good scores great I really like that
I've heard nothing but good things well
away from Jurassic Park isn't oh boy I
don't grown up now I didn't even know it
was him until much later not sure if I
care for that general Jesse Eisenberg oh
yeah he's perfect for that role you know
I don't like Michael Cera oh but I think
Michael Cera is completely he's stolen
anything that's a good question he's got
really weird looking but uh Jesse
Eisenberg
you know honey fits certain types of
roles he's Lex Luthor a Batman vs. Billy
boiler Oh under the skin yes I watched
that recently I thought it was great I
really really liked it no mood like the
atmosphere I'm a sucker for low humming
ambient droning sounds a lot of ass
I thought it dragged in places a very
slow-moving movie especially the first
half but for all I really liked
especially the ending
I heard about this movie under the skin
gentle Johansson
that's the one thing I kept getting it
confused with Lucy that's the other
movie she's in that yes I'm able to use
10% of their brain oh yeah I saw the
trailer for that and I kept thinking it
was just under the skin movie that I had
heard about which is this list you know
more sort of artistic film I was like
this is the movie people are raving
about it's a different movie
okay now under the skin is like this
really creepy I think by the way good
for Scarlett Johansson that you can do
that yeah and so she's like okay I'll do
I'll do the badass action
yeah good for anything else good my
people people
but it's commentary funny good night cut
oh I think you generally can comment
oh yes I didn't know that was actual
Matt and I thought that added to it
that's all thing is she's driving around
she's an alien and she's she's picking
up men and luring them back to her
quote-unquote apartment
the catch is where they fuck all the
meats out of human body all right so
she's picking on these strange men in
van in her van but it was a lot of
hidden camera stuff and she's
legitimately pulling up to people and
asking them to get around and a lot of
them weren't actors so they're sort of
like the arthouse version of bad grandpa
you were just like bad grandpa you're
the only person and I should be really
proud of like bad grandpa if you like
bad grandpa you'll love under the skin
is what I'm saying
luc besson the record under skin
to that oh that's Lucy beside it Lucy oh
oh Jesus Christ people yeah unless
they're doing that to be funny
oh it's your baby no not fuck all the
meat out of the human body suck over me
damn it
they get sucked into this black goo just
like my gooood Prometheus and all sides
are sucked out and all what's left is
flabby living skin
there's some great visual Hey Jerris is
crust thanks for subscribing I hope
you're enjoying the videos and the
conversation that does nothing to do
with the video how do you feel about
this Chris I like this game yeah Richard
that because you get to play video games
I get stop if you want
yeah I know I think it was just all of
your brains hurt Scarlett Johansson so
you immediately heard fuck
and even though Jay says well that's
that's been a big deal with that movie
is that she's very very naked in a lot
of it so that was a topic of
conversation which is also I was
confusing it with that Lucy movie is
like this is the movie that you decided
to get naked for this dumb action thing
they gave her enough money where she's
like I'll never have to work again
sure here are my tits she's already got
injures and whatnot she's doing
yeah under the skin and enemy you're
probably the two best movies I've seen
in the last week I think I'm talking
about any last time the big Gyllenhaal
yeah great you think great both sound
very nice we're good
someone just wrote I like to imagine J
is reading my Chapman I'm sorry that I
read that but whoever said that guess
what I'm not us so sorry
I mean J has responded to the jam and
yeah I agree to October 22 this is how
video game streams work sometimes where
the video game is kind of just the
backroom it's the ambient noise this is
common for strange I don't know anything
about other people's videos yeah is it I
have no idea it is okay I guess I'm the
only one that watches
I've never lets play videos I never
watched a stream the I I don't want to
come in live streams i watch a lot free
previously recorded let's play video the
live streams that I have seen yeah it's
just this like people talking up shit
and every alright now back to this shit
up oh here we go his r1 taken a position
regarding edge of tomorrow you will find
that out very soon oh good there you is
that the time
yeah very soon you knew that there's a
spoiler are you trying to say there's a
secret message in the time lapse video
regard now in a big review will be out
anymore
oh no piercer what does people are
asking us about snowpiercer I don't
think I haven't seen it I don't think
any of us have seen I'm curious
oh I honestly I know very little about
it I don't even think I've seen the
trailer but lots of people are asking us
Tom Cruise played Tom Cruise in that one
yes he does
that's all I'm gonna give as far as my
opinion goes but Tom Cruise plays Tom
Cruise as Tom Cruise Tom Cruise movie I
don't think I like our dislike leaner
DiCaprio as much as blanket tell me
about it
I like I don't remember what it was it
was one thing Mike had to say about it
some kind of aspect of one of the
prequels and I don't remember what it
was yeah sure yeah no illusion I thought
it was kind of stretched in it bit like
as a big deal but I were mad no I still
haven't seen
the reviewer in the movie movie that's
all over here
they just never play my dick around you
know there was one cuz I came out I was
in high school and it was the biggest
movie it's like I don't fuckin care
I avoided it for the longest time you
know sick of hearing people talk about
it and then finally it came out on video
you just heard cannot see this to tape
video and my mom bought it I think it's
like an impulse buy at the grocery store
or something
I finally watched it I was like tell us
is okay and then I never thought about
it again since that was that's my review
Titanic yeah I'm kind of think so it
wasn't I I was expecting it to be worse
than it was and it was fine I was that
was all I ever thought about the timing
I haven't seen it since I don't care
what is there there's there's the
perfect movie
kind of think of all flicker oh you know
what I really disagree with the babies
day out review I think that movie is
great you know it's just what I think I
think it doesn't understand is that it
is supposed to be slaps yeah yeah
exactly it's not it's not grounded in
reality
right that film it's supposed to be a
heightened reality back in the vein of
the Three Stooges and I think he was
just too focused on the real world
aspects of it and completely missed what
the million was going for and if you
look at it from a certain perspective
the theme of the movie is hyper reality
combat in certain shot compositions and
character yeah
oh did I miss my chance to do a fuck
that was every soul in theater right
that's right I mean you know what
it's so long since I watch it I can Jack
you're the only one I know them that
just doctor koop tomorrow oh you got my
soccer whoo oh no are you talking about
Tiger you can't terrible terrible
I think I think the first like seven
seasons of the new Iran are brilliant
and wonderful and loved it I got nada
there was some good stuff as anybody I
know you said you've tried to get into
it yeah I just didn't work no I I
remember watching the firt the first
episode of the new run is gross and I
remember watching that and think that it
was so terrible
and everyone who loved Doctor Who is an
idiot
I watched it with my wife and we're both
sci-fi people irregularly rewatch next
generation yeah oh yeah
er we are nerds and we're sci-fi people
doctor who was to be the savior of
sapphire yeah
and I watched her rose and we turned it
off and fuck the shit about Doctor Who
it's close commander Blair mannequin the
fucking mannequins it was done those
cheesy the effects were bad yep then the
character made no sense and people young
people kept saying the show is so good I
kept trying to watch it after that I got
an on think it got like half way through
or more than half way through that first
reboot season and and see that we just
got eventually I pushed through and at
the the second episode remember the
second episode I don't remember the lady
who who's just a face yeah her skin
estrus tone and she's the last human and
she's just a face with stretched out
skin that episode I got it was like Oh
it made more sensitive you have to
doctor who has a little you need to get
no I even like Matt Smith on his first
season because he claimed he played a
good doctor I mean still
first
Eccleston that's who it was Eccleston
was the Christopher Eccleston who played
the dark L the main dark elephant but
you'd never know cuz I Coulson is my
favorite doctor played a great doctor
everyone loves Tennant and i reaiiy Evan
liked Matt Smith but I got they got too
crazy about dancing crazy fun they added
so you know doctor who's always the
doctor in
they added a engine not very good
characters but they kept telling us was
really interesting but instead of the
character doing really interesting
things they were just
where you get you get as far as I'm
concerned you get seven really solids
and if you can make it up two points I
want to say is
he'll make you believe take your word on
it I mean yeah there's this and there's
something like spotty episodes here
there but there's an episode called
blink and you put you know unfortunately
you kind of have to know the doctor
first order to fully appreciate it but
it is just one of the most amazing
things I've ever seen okay okay yes yes
I'm sorry I'm talking to the chat here
the same words
it's good yeah yeah I stopped watching
thank you I think I'd be talking about
this last week I still have friends that
watch Doctor Who just out of habit and
agree that it's a terrible show now but
they're like I guess doctor who's on it
works now you have to watch it yes
exactly yes that's right Martha Jones so
it's either the third season or oh is
Martha main one season yeah
no more doctors are Hey well okay one
more text everything cuz it'll lead us
into an Edward Dickman says it's not
like I dislike Doctor Who it's just that
I hate their fans oh yes that's a thing
I think we were talking about that last
time worried how fans tend to ruin
things because you because like if fans
are assholes you don't want to be
associated with asshole
yes so it's that's that's part of the
reason I haven't gotten into Doctor Who
is I know so many people that are into
it not they're passionate about it which
I guess is a good thing but in a really
sort of aggressive off-putting way it's
like I don't wanna watch this because I
don't like the way you're talking about
yes you know it's good like the way you
learn no elements about how I need to
watch it yes yes because you don't
soccer like they will never obsessed
with the World Cup sure yeah yeah and
it's like they're within II mean you
know and um that happens well which
which by the way is maybe the let the
lesson we should learn from this is if
you are a fast be cool about it yo like
it I was talking to the just about to
see other day we're talking about The
Boondock Saints that movie and how I
have them actively avoided seen that
movies since its release because of the
specific type of people that keep
telling me that I need to watch that I I
dislike everything about your
personality and there's no way I'm gonna
watch this movie yeah yeah as a result
of that do need to be a responsible fan
and you need to foster
you know if people are willing you guide
them in yeah I'll come through it but
can't you can't push it girl it's like
when I hear Mike or any of you guys talk
about Star Trek next generation like you
talk about in a way where it's like oh
that's intriguing I want to watch this
okay when every time I hear you guys
talking about it you talk about in like
the way where it's like oh that sounds