Episode 018
FINGER DEATH PUNCHED OUT
August 11, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O-jXuhw9zA
___________________________________________

hmm oh it's ready to go it's ready to go
well listen we're having a conversation
about an old comedy show so nothing's
more important and nothing more farts
that microphone that's right damn I know
I'm just playing okay I didn't know if
you were gonna do it any times I like to
check that they have the battery and
switched off position that's a good idea
out of time for just a month yeah
what's the batteries I don't know if
you're gonna be like a close-up mic bit
don't okay just for tonight
sure oh here's a message for you Mike
Mike your woman is getting out of line
you need to put her in her place
no she's trying to vote focus is trying
to vote yeah put me back in the kitchen
right yeah well I stay home and I make
sandwiches and then Mike says I'll put
your vote in for you and they say okay
okay
should we start playing one finger type
lunch in the in the video game let me
grab a so okay you grab my soda
I'm gonna take I want to take your place
yeah we just had something playing in
the background yeah I'm here we can
converse no he'll want that light back
up here yeah this is gonna be inviting
as opposed to the harsh fluorescent ah
it's kind of brightening hair is he you
know it does not bother me student I've
never played this game before you guys
know that
every press matters by mashing will kill
you okay we're gonna figure out how to
play don't wanna too
any man who's owned it okay Alison
Ritter who think it's like a rhythm
thing oh well but it's not really
because they just sent you like a
beatboxing everybody knows I have no
rhythm
oh that's nice oh my ex PI for 60 thank
you for saying something nice AME no X
in pinyin
and press wrong butter you do tell me to
button suppress I haven't but now what
you do I don't have to be when you
should process you get hit I know guys
this is kind of dumb I'm sure I'm sure
there's more to it maybe it gets more
confident I'm sure I mean I must someone
wants to know about nanu let's serve it
no she's dead the first thing to know is
its any and then oh oh
nanu not nanu nanu they like my
beatboxing everybody does no good
nobody does nobody does this looks too
simple
this is I don't know guys
I'm pressing two buttons
say this out loud
Jai remove your skeletons what does that
mean thank you Mike
oh is that in this game no it's no
what's the running thing it's the
running day people give us bad advice
that was that was bad advice we got
during the stream that's pretty lazy
character design man yeah so they're
supposed to look like a bathroom like
men and women sign from our bathroom you
know what looks like yeah just a
stylistic thing I guess I haven't
it's stylistically designed to be that
way oh my god Mike I can't believe you
just said bad what am I supposed to do
here tiny little brushes this is this is
a human time waster
good eye blood that's cool yes I mean
it's kind of neat I just don't feel like
I'm doing anything I'm pressing two
buttons not even left or right now sure
no it's just two buttons thank you
I'm sorry I was looking for the car
button I didn't see one no there's no
kind of fun I guess I won maybe it gets
harder
Oh guys guys this game kind of sucks I'm
not I'm not super into this game yeah
when can we play Katamari no that's
gonna be next time how is that yeah this
is that next time if you want to do it
right now no I can't just gotta go I
have to leave but I'll be back I'm only
leaving for a little bit how long is
over uh however long it takes me to get
tense up I'm just kidding that's just a
joke right someone wants to know about
the Windy City Thunderbolts really yeah
I like them when you say Thunderbolts I
used to I used to live like five minutes
from where they play or what the games
all the time I I enjoy baseball quite a
bit minor league baseball is the best
though we should get front-row tickets
for like oh my god you just lost half
your audience I love baseball
shit I like minor league baseball
semantics of of my baseball I have not
had any drinks this evening I saw a
championship winning game the shit only
cost me 10 bucks it's great you have a
lightsaber yeah
I'm just pressing guys this that's kind
of a why than the title was it was
called one you know finger punch right
it smells technically I could prints two
buttons with one I guess I am Tony I'm
only using my thumb so okay rich is a
White Sox guy for those washed yeah yeah
a cup site and the Brewers done
excitement and riches a Green Bay
Packers fan as well
no yes he is no I'm not yeah he is no
I'm not no spoilers
he is super spoilers on Photoshop
challenge everyone rich Evans look great
package that you do that post it cuz you
know they will I don't think anybody
will actually I don't think anybody will
do it
Photoshop you and Green Bay Packers here
and then post it on our Facebook page
I just don't think anyone will actually
do that was getting better Jack oh no
he's been photoshopping yeah there will
not be a million pictures of you and
Packers the tire on our Facebook page
yeah
so my background I get like I'm starting
to get it now I like I'm still on the
first two buttons here which I know it's
kind of a thing
you
Oh Italian checkers checkers is a time
waster you like checkers there just wait
what do you know you're like an 80 year
old man yeah so I like chicken I studied
the great checker champions ma'am and I
follow the rules just to see what they
do so that I can improve my checker art
that way till two or four eight is a
good game uh-huh
that's time waster to o4a yeah
economy those looks like an amusing tiny
waist right I find it yes an amusing
time waster I think is a really good way
of putting it I just I can't imagine me
ever making up this game again oh my god
what's happening well this came rolling
like two bucks two bucks is pure
understand I I want to say someone
gifted me this game so I'm okay with it
I think if I would pay for this game I
would have I would have felt cheated but
because someone gets it to me I feel
fine about it yeah
SB is the more on the story this is a
fun this is a fun little time waster
come on
I think megabyte is it all right yeah
that's the thing we'll play flappy bird
that's exactly what this is camera -
yeah flappy bird is popular I don't
think Mike would like FTL I think he
would be bored yeah and where's the next
one I think I think Mike there's like
video game
are they even reading the chat we they
work for a little bit oh yeah knit hog
that was on your thing as yeah yeah
knit how it looks like fun quick Judas
run oh yeah we'll just we'll do that
we'll do a quick Binding of Isaac it's
fine no like it's just yeah it's just a
little you know you just press the
buttons
the challenge is doing it faster and not
missing right it's a it's a game where
you perfect what you do right right
that's fine no I don't think Mike would
like the Star Trek FTL nog because he
doesn't like games he doesn't know like
video games he doesn't he wouldn't get
into it I think for someone like rich
and I who like Star Trek end video games
see I do that now it's something we
would really enjoy but I don't think
Mike would visit this yeah it's fine no
I think it's fine
spelunky I love spelunky spelunky is
great this monkey is a fantastic game I
got it on my Vita 100% of it and I loved
it
expensive spent a lot hours on spelunky
it's a great little great little
platformer
I missed prime will press the buttons
that's every game Jack I know but this
is only two buttons I unless I get it
it's just it's not my thing it's fine
it's fine
time jack would you consider streaming a
board game play if I could if I could
figure out how to do it I would consider
that I think that would be fun I think
if we could do it like a top-down angle
on the board if we do a top-down hang on
the board it might work that might be
extra boring but we'll see if we can
figure it out I would love to do a board
game stream just because I like board
games
oh god losing losing losing
listen you can you can defeat Oh Mac you
just got what you got work it you gotta
want it it's going to get into it isn't
everything fine with EEM no Muslims are
fine with me there are some things that
I feel insulted by this is fine this is
not offensive to me yeah this game this
game is not offensive to me it's fine
think it gets better on the later levels
when it's more complicated yeah that's
hitting yeah yeah agreed because I got
they switch the other side you have pay
attention of that yeah so I'm sure it's
fine you guys should throw some money at
the stream maybe some cams cream that's
cream pride no we don't want to do
cameras well you know well think about
that one day maybe we'll do a thing
where like after after play in between
play we'll do like cat yeah Kim's for
chats but it's not gonna happen anytime
soon
Jay is finishing up an edit he will be
in momentarily
Mike hates video games oh my god
I think that you know what some of
someone is missing
someone is saying we should play Trivial
Pursuit on the stream I think that would
be the most boring stream ever in
existence I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's fun okay thank you
yeah a lot of people want like a facecam
and I don't understand why anyone would
want to look at us more than they have
to just and it's more work it's another
it's another wire when we already have a
zillion wires in here why is Jessie
taking like 45 minutes leave because
she's got shit to do dog and get ready
to leave yeah bye okay can I talk a
little bit about cards against humanity'
have you played that card cards against
humanity'
I have nothing what that if you ever
played like apples to apples yeah yeah
here's the thing these are not games
everyone likes to play these games at
parties
they are conversation stimulators cards
against humanity' is not a game it is to
play it's an excuse to say weird things
and as someone who says weird things for
a living it bores me cards against
humanity' bores me because it's not a
game
I forgot to update that we're playing
one Finger Death Punch and you know it's
one it's one of those things that
everyone likes to play when we are in a
social setting and I grit my teeth and
I'm just like okay sure I don't think
it's a game I hate it hey I don't hate
it I do oh yeah see your cards against
humanity' bothers me that insults me as
a gamer so there's stuff there's
something that I don't think is fine
there you go that's my thing
DuckTales is coming up we will play
ducktales
that's right kellam me see like if
you're 14 years old cards against
humanity' I'm sure is hilarious you get
to say weird stuff and it's really funny
for for kids so you're good for you but
not my thing Jack hates everything it's
true
um Jay is editing J is anything you will
be in shortly
I think they know Jay is having if they
I'm asking at this point they're just
kind of fucking with us yeah when I
forget I forget sometimes that you guys
fuck with us sorry
yes cards against humanity' is like a
marketing persons version of a game
exactly exactly and you know it in in
like a party situation it's fine because
like maybe like it gets the conversation
going and it gets there it's the it's an
icebreaker it's not a game it's an
icebreaker
you get to talk to people and that's
fine it's just dumb I hate it it's fine
but I ate it yes it's a lot of doorbell
my favorite type of burger is the meat
kind I had a great hamburger this one
time and it was a it was a hamburger
patty and on top of that it was a bra
patty all on a pretzel bun with hot
mustard it was awesome I forget where I
had it but it was great regular meat
patty brought patty on a pretzel bun
dough cheese burger with lettuce mayo
tomatoes and onion yeah it's good to the
California bacon and bacon is a bacon is
a lot agree um Jack will you ever stream
some classic doom I don't like the rich
like do a lot
I might make Jack with I think Doom is
ugly and dumb no so I like those or a
classic yeah is that a thing yeah okay
would you be interested in playing
brutally maybe Mme
why is yak obsessive calling things
non-games because some things aren't
games Jackson Jackson Nancy ah ideas a
Nancy then has a narrow definition of
what a game shouldn't can't be no I like
a game already has a definition of what
it should and can be and some things are
not games I would not call a choose your
own adventure book a game I would call
it a and choose your own adventure book
cards against humanity' technically is a
game but the rules are subjective
therefore it is not a game there are no
concrete rules I like my games to have
concrete rules that I win and did I lose
that means that can use strategic and or
lose cards against humanity' everyone
has a subjective opinion of whether you
win or lose therefore it's not a game I
dislike I kind of like this game I'm
sure this is fun no this one finger
death punch is fine it's not Myka
it's not my kind of thing but it's fine
Richie's really enjoying I keep I get it
rich gets it likes it it's not my kind
of thing
right that well that's what I am wolf
thing that's why we were talking about
earlier we were talking about the
Walking Dead video game and I don't know
if that technically counts as a video
game it's an interactive story and but
they don't there's no market for an
interactive story so they have to call
it a video game so people will buy it
and some people enjoy it and then that's
fine you know that's not how games work
Jack what's not how games work you have
to give me more than that
there's scoring in what cards against
humanity' car the way cards against
humanity' works it's like apples apples
you know you put two cards together and
then someone says which card they think
is the best but there's no there's no
concrete rules yes it's fine one finger
death punch is fine
the rules are country you choose the
card that best suits the person picking
the best card so you are able to use the
knowledge of your friends personalities
to win but that's not kind of create
like it can change it can change on a
whim I think is dumb I don't like a
virtual novel is a great way shut up
Jack you nerd I'm with you I'm not
liking something like apples to apples
Bob it's a game it's technically a game
it may not be a good one this is one
thing because the rules are not as
concrete as I would prefer I just like
it this is magic I bet I think I called
this game fine
Jack to you
in a perfect world view would never stop
playing the game oh one of these streams
I'm gonna make him play no more here
listen he's gonna watch cutscenes ah
fuck your returns and your cutscene
bullshit
- you ever played cards against
humanity' yeah yeah that's what you
think it's amazing is that fun I just
like it then I can play it with you
you've played it with me at my house if
I play it a few times I like it yeah
floppy boy I got I got I dislike I just
like it cuz I don't think it's a game no
it's something to do with friends a
social setting for fun yeah that's fine
it's an icebreaker is what I'm gonna
it's a fine icebreaker I don't think
it's an icebreaker because you have to
know your friends in order know what
kind of stuff you can get away with hmm
and what type of things they were spun -
sure George oh it's the exact opposite
of an icebreaker Jack it's a great
icebreaker because then people leave my
favorite kind of icebreaker half-life -
that's a great example of a game that
tells you the story without you ever
leaving the game Metroid Prime is a
great example of a game where you get
story through playing the game these are
good games every good game good game
game damn right oh man we're gonna get
some rain for some duck tails oh man
we're gonna duck tails Jack doesn't like
it because it requires him to be in a
social setting yes that's also part of
it I think
well no I think doom is ugly
I think doom is that I've made over Sam
stupid
we've also it's one of the best things
about it so you're wrong absolutely
wrong
absolutely I'm absolutely wrong all the
time I'm wrong all the time someone is
saying Jack linked to the pastor ocarina
of time I had enjoyed them both like the
best easily I'm you know I have not
played either in a while I remember I
really and you're probably asking that
because of the new sequel itis that came
out how I get on Oh all i reaiiy were
good morning ducktales yeah yeah let me
move to a process let me move to video
yeah
uh I enjoyed both as a kid I I really
like Sophia you're good to turn that up
how do I turn this off so he doesn't
want me to leave
well press this don't clog the computer
unplug the computer this keyboard we're
trapped
oh that's it huh just from moving it
back and forth a button fell off that's
what happens I think I think I like that
Karina and he made some really good
points about why he dislikes it that's
all I needed to finish that thought just
don't we're not gonna yeah Jay really
likes Macarena of time but the debate
chair all right the duck chair you make
things happen things should be happening
are they gonna do a thing oh my god
yeah we want steam to configurated steam
we gotta fill you guys
remove computer Jack what do you think
of ego after ah I think he's a good
animator and I enjoy his sequelitis
series that's oh yeah he didn't he's the
one that does this decline this is you
would you would like it because I saw
something when he was shitting on the
new thief he shits on ocarina of time in
favor length of su you would really like
the franchise