Episode 020
New Super Fugg Brothers U
August 13, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrt8ZbGSOVE
___________________________________________

Episode 020
New Super Fugg Brothers U
August 13, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrt8ZbGSOVE
___________________________________________

see you guys we talk word erm we just
had a really interesting erm
conversation okay we've had it before on
the stream I'm sure right now Jay has
black eye really
oh sure is that we can be but what we've
decided to do is um maybe yeah that's
good makes nothing okay um I have a new
super mario brothers EU which I haven't
played yet I'm gonna play that cuz rich
cousin marker real claim left for 27
hours and I haven't played in years of
my rozier yet so this is the newest just
regular no super mario world 3ds yeah oh
my god I would call this a regular Mario
game no it's nothing newest oh is with
jazz
I think I think 2j know this this the 2d
side-scroller is a normal Mario game
just do me - no newest new a new list
there there are there are a few newer
ones than this this is a new worse
yes
guys what SpotPass someone tell me what
spawn passes a surface that may be a
Washington place
no the mic the mic is cutting up kind of
no I
we can't change you guys literally
nothing we can do it really can't this
is an impromptu stream for the 37th time
is it an oyster is there a way to change
that
we the only way to change the noise gate
is to stop the stream and start it again
it might be lets you know what fucking
that's what guys we're gonna stop the
stream and start it again
shit's getting crazy shits good great
look at here this is it mess it up your
things putting it in LA
oh my god hey that might have broken it
I didn't break nothin I said so much to
drink folks one beer everything's going
shit then one beer where's my noise gate
no gate noise gate yeah people are
saying I don't I don't even know how
this noise gate works how about that can
we nice gate automatically mutes the
inputs it not once it goes below the
clothes threshold of the gate okay so
there we go like here okay and when it
goes above the open threshold
what
fine
okay so we can go at the weight and I
don't use it when it goes above the open
threshold
okay
okay
I think I think I figured it out
okay how's this I think I figured out
the noise gate that once we figure out
the noise game we got to figure out the
spot pass oh why as if someone told me
what spot passes yet wait what
you
if you are you guys no you know what we
have to keep the noise gate on because
during the first couple of streams
you guys were complaining about a
humming noise that is the general room
tone
so everybody complains about everything
so this is what's happening let's be
pass spot pass detects hack frogs Oh No
okay but what does pop has really do
you're not gonna ever be sure I'm
assuming it's some kind of deer or
anything I don't think it's a drm thing
I'm gonna cancel I'm not gonna do stop s
okay okay you can be changed anything
great
what the who love what a plays Tony why
wouldn't the other characters be like
like peach and and Daisy nosy Yoshi here
Daisy or Josi obviously I meant Yoshi
don't don't be an asshole
why are you such an asshole because I'm
a middle child I think and so I see at
crave attention
okay select over yeah no you understand
but wait is this anything like you need
to have two for two players buddy plus
gamepad so it's like if it's just the
two of us okay
enjoy you guys were doing it did I just
do you I have no idea I think it's just
you I've no idea I have no idea what's
happening oh we should update the game
you
super my rose you so we're ships don't
have their faces well then that way they
know we're trying to get into oh oh oh
that's adorable
okay well I guess that makes sense why
peach isn't in it
yeah they couldn't have written that any
differently no no they're kind of locked
into that logic yes we're we absolutely
that makes perfect sense
oh my god so much plot can you skip this
baby skip cutscene stay drink
my owner was the reason this is the WiiU
right yeah
what's the we still in four by three and
then yeah the we was yeah we must was
even that long ago we was standard FA
was a long time ago
how long when did the way come out seven
years ago really we get some kind of
higher death no it wasn't sure high def
but there might have been like a wide
screen say maybe it was I want to say
its standard definitely and I think it
came out at least seven years ago huh is
this only one player I can do boost mode
I'm using the gamepad okay oh no family
rich is pretty bad at this game did you
try everything don't you
the game's way too easy let's get that
coin yeah they're going not oh wait wait
look what's this doesn't it start that
can't even touch it
oh good somebody joined yeah I'm trying
to oh it's not letting me join with the
gamepad dog I have to dine with Jim wake
me up and jump on my head
yeah I'm trying we saw each other we did
I knew I'm coming can you choose not to
go in I mean that'd be a deadly monster
man
you're talking about the game right
apparently you can't choose not to go oh
here fuckin goombah oh I got a horn what
does that do imma flanks oh I'm a flying
suit can do girls yeah but look what I
can do can you do something with this
flower this farce too weird to not be a
thing I can your can your goofy sir do
something I'm gonna I'm going to assume
that that is just background I think
it's just background looks like oh you
can you can stop a fire wait did we do a
double what bouncer we sure did and it
did extra extra groups so this is
basically a classic Mario and side
scroller yes with a new super mario
brothers you
well hey you jumped up on my gym I don't
like the little the singers in the
soundtrack though the little Bob Bob
well that's just the first thought I'm
very good used to it no I think oh well
you know this is just one of many things
over here get them before you can
there's like 10 million new super mario
brothers games and this is the first one
jaysene that's true but it is
oh I'm not seeing a Mario game in
probably a decade reach you know you can
do what I shake the Wiimote and we got
up oh that looks a lot better than the
flying suit like this yeah damn damn I'm
filled with joy I don't I don't like
them suits that make Mario look too
goofy though yeah I don't know
fireflower Mario's what is fancy is that
like Mario look kneeling the little
raccoon suits the meat you flying so I'm
not very more complicated than just the
ears and peddling weird cat suits spring
soon after if he looks like a fucking
penguin I hate ollege I like the frag
the frag suit
what's the Franks
oh why would you say it is like Fred
Fred Oh cuz that was being funny I said
Fred I said frog and it's like fake
saying things in a different way it
didn't work the countess is being funny
if nobody understands what you're doing
I mean it's still funny to me doesn't
you know is a bad joke still a joke yes
but it's just a bad one right it's like
Rain Man was creepy sounding
you could be a jerk Wow
[Music]
oh no I kill him for you sorry
everything's fine everybody whoa whoa
yeah I'll come back over here what
happens whoa I need that one up because
I apparently suck its you here's what
I'm gonna blame the Wemo yeah oh hey I
was busy working and you fucking finish
the course I'm pretty good at working
someone said by the way Mike audio is
great now well great do it do you want
to join you not really a later date I
would like to play this but right now I
don't feel like putting in the minor bit
of energy it would take to play it it's
pretty fair well what happened Oh
well what left okay yeah no I think we
did it guys Oh God don't go dark what do
you think Bowser wants it for my are you
still fighting Bowser in this game oh
yeah oh my god they should come up with
some new storylines really Mario's been
around for 57 years come up with a new
story more people would be upset that
really how many times if you fought
Bowser every move every time that's how
many done dolls are nothing - oh right
cuz - was a - so what super wasn't even
really a Mario game right it was
something that changed - Mario game no -
was really a Mario game Doki Doki Panic
was not a Mario game Super Mario soo is
a Mario game sure took a different no I
I hear everyone say that we're twos no
real Mario game like - is where all of
Mario cannon comes from that's where shy
guys are from like every single
interesting character comes from Sylmar
brothers - besides the cupola
I would say more it comes from the first
Maori over the second one there's a ton
of lore from the second one aside from
the show you guys I want to say yes can
you do that surely oh it doesn't help
you what you okay it's true
I'm terrible funny head thanks big
brother was actually
they felt really close they fell you
disgusting really good for you you've on
out that bubble come here
no I I thought you were coming here come
here shake it shake every month and you
can close it I thought you were coming
closer to me I'm over here I'm over here
jamming it up wake up to power just for
the points didn't have you won the
points well well
oh one coin left boss
oh man what how did you do that spit
just let me know that spin shape that
does the spin ya know how do you pick it
up shakes just just do shake no that's
how I did oh well stand next to it Shane
I did it did you jump and shake you
stand next with one one one four shake
I guess I always see you have to Tokyo
Drift rich rich is so pro he doesn't
even realizing something oh my god
we're playing sorry I was reading chance
oh god everything's terrible I died I'm
running I'm running away this corner did
you fight him yeah we beat the whole
game just seems super easy
well I was Yoshi is Yoshi show up in
this game no no a queue I don't want to
share barging in here with that shit
game oh my god fabious save the game
yeah don't worry about these other
bullshit did you have fun Sheraton
miiverse draw a picture be cool cool you
guys be cute just play the game
I would really know everything has to be
a social experience but seriously
where's the ocean you say you hate your
train you are stupid
no he's advisor to happy dinosaur friend
shut up in the bow
speak of the devil oh I lost them it's
okay he'll come back
Yoshi's gotta say though he seems less
special now that there's two identical
Yoshi's it should just be two dinosaurs
one can be Yoshi but they're both just
to the oh she's no he doesn't feel even
deeper interesting well he was always
kind of you know
well I went down the pipes Kim that's
probably sure you know what Yoshi wasn't
necessarily special and super my world
leader because there was a really album
was it I mean every time he died I knew
you Agri pop up that's what I remember
those I always think of Yoshi's the
green one even there were other colored
dinosaurs yeah but I mean like he would
kill Yoshi in that a New Year's you show
up yeah you die you come back to exactly
what I did you fire uh if you didn't if
you did enough jams
it doesn't really help you know because
I got Yoshi so I cannot set fire to your
face on fire
not being able to walk past each other
is actually a really upsetting no Yugi
no
flower power everything sucks
Dinah's over a gym oh hey
special pipe you're coming too nope
don't go down a different pipe get him
yeah we did something we got a coin and
we did something you shop
Oh Yoshi Yoshi I love you ah
Yoshi I'm sorry you keep getting hit
under my thumb with me
look at that you found a magical world
this not much of a war but okay but you
find it
oh it's a porch you found it why is Jack
so drunk tonight
here's the thing he's not I'm really not
he's just weird
drunk on Hawaii I'm a little
discombobulated it's been a long day and
so for anyone just joining a stream
rich and I were recording gameplay
footage for Mario Kart 8 oh my god we
have a friend now apparently Luke and I
were recording gameplay footage for
Mario Kart 8 earlier and my program
crashed and I think we have to keep them
alive
oh you hold on to him Oh
just start the level sorry tonight were
recording gameplay footage program
crashed
we lost oh shit that was a complete
accident
oh sorry we lost about two and a half
hours worth gameplay footage and it
really really made me feel bad and so
little extra goofy is just thinking
about some work we put in and that work
might not be for anything now
everything's terrible
I just died tell me you know this feels
good after you up your front of Mario
Kart bullshit dragon Mario Kart I am NOT
parently at this game look damn this for
me guys I'm
that's lost a grand total of one wife
Jack I don't think I am
terrible Jackie hack fraud it's very
true we are playing on a biggie no no no
first you have any control and this
reverses on me can you choose where to
go no that's just it
the question being asked in the stream
is why do we record hours of footage
when all you need is just rich going
yeah this is true you're absolutely
right we are gonna rethink how we do how
else how else is rich going to say and
unless we play the game
think about it like that how is he gonna
know whether or not to say out and I
know you're thinking our mind is made up
before we even play the games we tried
to make generally informed decisions
about the opinion
we gather oh I forgot that we had
firepower do you do isn't this isn't
this a world of difference from Sunday
oh my god right all the jumping seems to
make sense it's not random memorization
I haven't played this before
no no it's almost as if the levels were
designed around jumping around and
shooting enemies not not around you know
going fast arbitrarily and that's you
know let's be fair you know sonic is a
30 year old game sonic is a 20 year old
game so it couldn't get everything right
you know my brother's good and that's a
25 year old yes oh shit
oh also by the way stream we have
received at red letter media zero
handwritten resumes and I thought the
dam was going to be you guys sending in
resumes this is great I like this
getting showered with coins there's
extra guy who jams to I was told by the
stream that you are going to send in
resumes handwritten resumes and the best
resumes we would read live in the chat
and according how many Bowser's did you
accidentally hit apparently many Jesus
Christ jack according to sources at red
letter media zero resumes have been sent
in so what the fuck guys did you explain
the details of this because we don't
want serious resumes we really don't
we're not looking for help no they're
gonna think that now I have to be very
curb explanation many many times to
streams not everybody is in the stream
everything didn't hear the idea is to
send us joke resumes genuinely Sunday's
resume right he was very adamant about
news he was a little pushy a little put
a little pushy and so we thought it
would be funny if people the stream sent
us joke resumes to the P o box
handwritten of course they have to be
handwritten and the funniest resumes we
would leave we would read that live in
the stream and no one has sent in a
resume yet you guys are hacks also frogs
I'm sworn oh god you almost killed I
saved you you man no we're going to jump
off the jam I got I got jumping wheel
hey come here
oh you can stick them all oh that's
right you can jump up that forgot about
acorns am you know what I'm Florida your
flower I'm a fire flower okay that's I'm
gonna be okay with that okay
Oh save me save me a corn go boom whoa
but I can get this oh my god
well rich you got to watch out for me
I'm a wild card
no shit no shit what you knock me off
the thing what are you talking about I'm
Way over here
yeah I wasn't I ran out of room rich
Jack get your stuff I can try knocking
off the cliff oh I'm sorry I'm just here
getting jails could you come down here
get this I have my fire flower I'm not
all happy uh-huh
and then you knock me off at three times
I have no recollection of any of this oh
wait look how can you see this
oh no I'm a squirrel I was cool cat oh
my lord see what my wild card gets it
gets us treats
it got me anti treats well you didn't
need to stick around didn't stick around
for the damn Bowser's kids are in this
game yeah
Elaine most of the games now these days
the first one they were in is three
right yes
yeah then they made a cartoon series
boom which is much much better than the
captain boom oh my cartoon and then it's
almost embarrassing okay
oh my god
this is why rich doesn't like
multiplayer games when you have to
depend on someone else
uh-huh I do know a lot about Mario 3
that was the game I played that was the
the last of my video game playing who's
Mario 3
okay both will save files it's our play
a couple more worlds I'm gonna call it a
little later
yeah maybe two more we're gonna say
tomorrow I love Sir James things one
things not not the whole sand stages
Slauson buzzin not world you're right
you're right you're right you're right
you're right you're right
oh I'd say the fire one just fuck you I
take it I don't even know what fire is I
see orange yeah we called the safety
that particular thing Jan thank you to
Spain of reference I always police cop
coming along let's get there we shot a
bunch of stuff over the weekend yeah
that's all I have to say let's face
count that's P good we got good stuff
over the weekend we shot some good
scenes Jay please started discussions
you started a discussion yes tell me
what you want me to talk about I
probably won't help a brother out
get that fucking finger the killer of
Mojo Jojo Jojo maybe what Powerpuff
Girls come on stretch Oh thoughts on the
Mad Max trailer holy shit Oh God
I've watched that trailer like 20 times
no it looks great I'm so awesome it
looks really really great I have no idea
where your hype is coming from have you
seen the other Mad Max movies of course
okay so you've seen them and you see
this new one which looks like it's the
same director uh-huh it's got the same
weird-ass S&M; future costumes and stuff
yeah
it's got practical car effects how could
you not be excited
it's got Mad Max stepping on a lizard
put two headed lizard oh yeah I gotta
say the only Mad Max way that I really
love is the second one is road warrior
oh really big fan I left the first half
of thunder know always once he leaves
Bartertown and he teams up with all
those little kids I kind of lose
interest come on thunder don't was the
redemption of his character I suppose
yeah no it's I like them all but the
only one I really love his a road
warrior but I I love the look of this
new one Shirley's dioramas character
looks badass she's got a robot arm
that's built out of junk I didn't notice
that yeah if you look at her arm like
one of the things that's holding the arm
together is like a wrench that's welded
onto it it looks really right yeah I'm
super excited I've watched that trailer
many many times now I don't know maybe
it's maybe it's so maybe it's we make
sequel fatigue we're even well here's
the thing though this is my god like a
studio just rebooting a popular game
very objective this is George Miller who
directed the original three he's been
trying to make this movie for years
right you couldn't get money to do it
just started shooting they ran out of
money or something like that they set
all sorts of problems this is a passion
project so today we're gonna do an
animated version yeah I don't know I
guess that's what I'm saying is like I'm
not putting in two suspects how good the
movie would will be or the intentions of
competing but it's just general sequel
fatigue just this is another thing that
I've seen before exactly okay I guess I
can understand that but it looks badass
and that's all there is you know what I
really dug is the way that the the score
was edited car effects like it was all
like instead of instead of blah yeah it
was a higher to them
you know it was all the the crunchy car
effects I really dug the sound of it now
what's happening there's a little purple
guy that ran into the world we just went
into one let's go fuck him up what's the
I'm doing it to fuck him up I waiting
for long let's go fuck that guy up how
do we OH
I guess we use a cannon to go back to
the other world
let's do that let's go fuck that purple
guy who the fuck does he think he is
being a purple stone shit fucking oh is
that what he did fuck that guy
I haven't no I someone who decides about
the movie snowpiercer I have not seen
that many many people have been
recommending that movie to us I still
haven't had a chance to see it
George Miller being the first director
to return things on where he created we
do a good job maybe who knows let's have
to be seen with the trailers promising
but then again the trailer for
Prometheus is promise Isaac this here's
the upsetting part about this which came
up which came up first this or Rayman
Origins huh this is actually a less fun
version of Rayman Origins really yes
Rayman Origins is a brilliant platformer
that every once in a while has little
levels where you have to chase someone
so if this came out after Rayman Origins
I'm gonna go ahead and call shenanigans
I don't know people the people in the
chat nobody own user not you do Mario
it's been on since the DS right
you know versions of this I don't know
if they all have the chasing I think
though we version might trying to
remember anyone else no shenanigans on
this or shenanigans on Raymond did it
great Rayman Origins is a super great
platformer though the Wonder Woman
costume can we talk about the amazing Oh
new Wonder Woman cuz you know what the
fuck they're doing no they do know what
they're doing it's just that what
they're doing is completely stupid
they're doing Zack Snyder yeah you know
what I won the Wonder Woman costume
albrow ain't completely Brown oh no it
is slightly different shades of brown so
you can see her who's the actress
playing Wonder Woman not even ever that
is someone people like look I that makes
any sense yeah I know people were
excited about I mean I guess I can't I
don't know who I don't recognize her but
I'm not gonna fall to her I just think
the costume is so boring
well isn't it really even the Superman
costume has a little bit
it's all muted it's it's all dark and
heated but it's still something the
soffit is just completely brown lights I
think you can feed it yeah no let's
thought that Zack Snyder's whole world
is if it's if it's if it's brown it's
pretty realistic you know I rewatched
the Christopher Nolan Batman movies
recently yeah and I know that's kind of
what started the whole gritty realistic
superhero thing but those movies still
have levity to them and then a story
like it's not I just think a Man of
Steel now and how like ugly and old that
movie was well no one has a director
generally I really dislike Zack Snyder
now I do I don't think that man has
original vision he else things because
he thinks it looks cool yeah yeah that's
what I learned from the commentary track
for Watchmen I think it was every
creative decision he made was because he
thought it looked cool I will say it the
first 10 minutes or so that his Dawn of
the Dead remake awesome you know that
opening sequence like like the
newscaster like the world-building
sequence is great yeah yeah all the
stuff before the actual story starts and
I like the movie overall not kind of
like watch me too but after that no I
haven't seen anything Zack Snyder's done
that I've like oh oh you know what are
you talking about like the little girl
sequence yeah the whole opening and then
she runs outside and her the shoe
suburban neighborhood is you know one
fire and yeah people are freaking out
and driving away and hitting other
people with cars like it's wonderful
that whole opening ten minutes the chaos
of it is so well done all right I can be
done with that
yeah I can go as far as that anything
else in that movie is bullshit garbage
I've really disliked it yeah and then
you know the story we wrote that movie
that was James Gunn now everybody loves
because it varies the gouging bullshit
movie and it's made extra bullshit
because I remember I got the DVD
her - she bumped into each other stopped
over I was renting the DVD of the Dawn
of the Dead and he had a special little
director's intro would you address the
audience directly he said this is the
director's cut of the movie and this is
a much more personal cut excited that I
get to share my vision of the movie and
the only difference between the
director's cut in theatrical release was
like two minutes of sexiness okay and I
saw I know it's not restraining her so I
guess I learned that Zack Snyder Justice
League movies gonna be some bunk ass
shit calling it guys and I'm gonna be
dressed in brown yep every costume will
be brown it's gonna be raining the whole
time and everybody's gonna fuck
everything
I don't understand what it is well you
know I do understand yeah you can simply
yeah I understand exactly what motivates
man was Batman made a bunch of money
yeah but Wonder Woman and Superman are
not Batman nor should they be doesn't
matter you know has to look the same I
don't care about that Batman made a
bunch of money yes superheroes needs to
be like Batman and they're too deep into
production after Avengers made money to
switch gears yeah once once Avengers
made money and there's like oh your
superheroes can't be colorful and things
can be fun there were too deep into
production I don't even think that
matters I think it's just a Man of Steel
made a shitload of money
so now however every now we well in
Manistee Oh was of course inspired by it
the Nolan Batman babies so it's like
everything has to be like that no
everything has to be dour everything has
to be ugly and gray and brown and that's
just what we're gonna ride it bothers me
on a very real level that Man of Steel
may be good father it's sort of
astounding isn't it because that movie
is awful because like even transformers
explosions yeah and that's why it's
mindless and it's it's dumb and it's
flawed in so many ways but splosions I
can understand your your pain to see
robots fight each other yeah I i'd be
more upset if they weren't also making
right now
like guardians of the galaxy there there
is hope there's sure there's hope but I
would like a good Superman movie well
they made one in 1978 that's true that's
a good Superman boy yeah and there's
always you know there's the Superman
cartoon there's the old Justice League
cartoon which is fun oh all I need are
the Batman Returns Batman the Animated
Series that's all I need Jack's that is
the definitive Batman in my life
absolutely 100% absence yeah I've never
seen it I don't know if it was just the
intro title sequence all if the entire
thing but they animated with black cells
usually when you animate you use clear
cells oh sure but they animated with
black cells and painted over just to
make sure that everything was dark could
be wrong I thought I heard they almost
got in trouble for being like too dark
for television know that Batman they are
men the animated series was the only
instance in which Batman was ever a
detective yeah yeah that show is badness
he spent time and figured things out it
was great I think it's a really good
place ending ok and just just the voice
work Kevin Conroy
fucking awful yes he's a good reason
Wayne fucking awful he's a good root
that man's the important Clark Oh
Christian Bale can play a rich white guy
he's just yeah I'm just gonna flat out
see it was fucking awful whose whose
idea was the voice I got idols was a
geek is an actor twice or no I don't
care as an act
raishin of sentenced a man I believe it
was his choice because and Christopher
Nolan was just like sure do it I think I
believe his motivation was Batman was
like them and this is I believe I'm
remembering like an interview of his and
he said that Batman was like the monster
or the demon inside of him and so that
was his monster for me but it's not a
great movie because of Batman and Batman
is like the least interesting character
in all of those movies that is in all of
those movies that isn't all of those
movies that is in all of those movies
that isn't all
