Episode 023
Body Harvest is a game I guess.
August 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWT6JXhwar4
___________________________________________

hello that is weird wild stuff ha did
you just bought her a check but I know
she's not a boy beautiful Super Nintendo
had an ejector brother that's true
little hotline Miami for n64 would be
awesome I love hotline Miami body Arvest
body what is this crap yes how come
we're not getting mode not supported
resolution not supported to change the
resolution I don't know what's going on
it fixed itself when we played perfect
dark it's working here yeah I know
what's working there but it's not
working on our TV oh no don't say that
around don't switch your jams okay hold
on y'all we're having technical problems
again weird something might be weird for
a second I'm gonna it's gonna fix that
oh oh
maybe it's the RAM pack is causing
issues that wouldn't make sense that
wouldn't make sense it's cuz we're
getting it here yeah I don't know what's
going on well hold your jams no I refuse
to hold my gems all your games my jams
must be freed free the downs freejam
everybody hold on
okay what did you do I unplugged it and
plugged it back in that's what you
always do
always unplug and plug back in yeah
there yeah okay well not we're getting
it but now they're not old on oh this is
play oh that's right throws it away how
much starting device please wait
don't worry guys we can see if there you
go there we go all right yeah we're
gonna turn it up a little bit too if you
want to hear what is this game again
Harold it's called body harvest body
harvest
hey buddy harbors why do Ballas hit game
of 1989 oh my god this looks terrible it
looks like a - video game over money
a bug a bug weirdly a mid buck Jason a
poorly animated man lucky flurry n64
coital doesn't get any more exciting
than this he's been hit
look at those lousy particle effects
alright alright
well the gods hey that book real good
here you carry for a second
yeah hey Oh since is good I saw a copy
of giome on ninja or whatever but it was
like 40 bucks at the game store it's
because it's good people want to buy it
I'm not paying 40 bucks for a game
though geomod ninja what it's it's it
was the thing it's a game and I think I
used to have it but yeah this is this is
tales from Genesis face we do you get to
play the game this is not as good as
telling us to space away
he's just John moody your ass that's
great that's great
always looking at your blood in it oh
right Chris I'm sorry that you're so
scared
Connect latest a bug maybe maybe that's
how you play is maybe plays the bug and
you have to harp I want to shoot that
stupid guy Jesus Christ like stabbing
with my mic LARM
maybe going man I don't know how it's
pronounced I don't fucking good good
good news everybody Mike and Jay are not
dead sure shot 24 just subscribe you
subscribed for body harvest cuz grads in
Malaysia we should talk like bad radio
DJs more often oh yes oh yeah hi Jay Oh
what how's the stream going so far so
good good does everybody in the stream
doing alright how are you doing evil um
enter name jackets your turn
Mike and I would have been here sooner
but we we have to see the movie boyhood
which was 5 days long oh my god how long
was it is 3 hours
Oh seriously 3 oh wow yeah Calvin Calvin
like like like go I'm sorry Philip law
from the space movies you are alright
Calgon Calgon yeah yeah oh yeah I didn't
want that
I told you is your turn to pick are you
cool with this yeah okay no fucks hero
or easy yeah fucking we're going hero
cuz why not oh it's daytime everybody
wake up
I don't know if this game is just that
terrible because everything looked like
crap on the inside this would look so
this worse this is this is awful miss a
directive arrived let's see if we can
find out what's been happening here
try the village ahead check your map to
whatever well you get a map that's nice
rich hates it already
too much talking this is more
complicated than I want this thing to be
oh my god this told me there's a map
where's the map that's right right is
much that is great he's gonna go all the
way up there alright yeah you got about
17 days yeah yeah I know I know mr. bug
eyes oh that's right thank you guys
should change the string can I get in
this car so I can't wait there's a C
button yeah the C button do the almonds
then what was the yellow ones oh oh
bottom C button okay I see I see
thank God he can ride places oh I
thought she was gonna tell me not to run
people rewarding don't hit anybody I
mean that's a good morning the ps4
porting shoo-shoo what makes cargo back
why do you have an old-timey like a Ford
buggy you're using the fucking Model T
to fight alien bugs why does the camera
there I'm God this Nintendo 64 crap was
right about that time the Duke boys were
gonna keep the trouble nice oh that that
small sign was in your way where you're
trying to plow through bugs with the
stop sign got in your way Jesus this
looks awesome
my bees got shot there you go what the
fuck
that's a bridge I was not a bridge
because it's up arch that it's for boats
it's off I'm swimming it's just in the
up position
oh my god where am I going then bye sure
the bridges down I'm Trever traverse the
bridge what can you jump the bridge can
you read that sign can you do wicked
sweet jumps get out of a stupid car I
jump Oh guys look at
read the sign yell don't you I'm getting
just don't don't shoot decide read that
yeah you have to read sign by shooting
it your bullets read your bullets are
like series see tall master well then
told man finger toes shoot him
scheme Oh God look at that look at that
floor floor classic n64 know with all
that rumpus outside oh my God look at
that man hey it's King Louie v was all
the Roomba see here's what you need to
give me the sandwich with the meat put
it in my face Oh was it Marlon Brando
see what I have one piece the Pirates of
is about because my nephew gave me a
wallet for my birthday oh you just got
it everybody right now go right right
now just leave the stream right in here
go to youtube and and and look up Marlon
Brando acting class yes yes it'll be
more entertaining than body harvest I
don't know did you see those floating
windows you see that floating everything
about this great game is the greatest
I've ever seen we jumped through the
roof of your car jerk who's compared to
two big rigs often you get a gun in this
gonna shoot some bonus Oh Oh my
splosions
this is awesome Oh in between the treats
slalom yo slalom let's go back through
the trees
oh yeah exam entry though Oh Harvester
what mister wave I'm at my hip
why oh you knocked that one down is what
happened I can't drift okay the regime
will not be drift which is attempting to
Tokyo Drift is that fiddle me yes that
was like stock symphonic soundtrack I
think it's just telling you forward I
don't think it's all really let's think
it's four that's terrible I yeah that's
pretty bad this is really bad
Oh circles under the trap will you help
us defeat the bugs they took Brazil will
take oh my god it died
so it's like a Zelda Starship Troopers
yeah tell me once I get the tone doesn't
make me feel good getting in and out of
the car though reminds me evolution
watch your master
what orson welles during commercials yes
that's always fine other quality there
always caught my Carson was dead
oh yes Jack likes hotline Miami
I played Adama Vina and it was great Oh
game is this Bonnie harvests it's a game
I got Anna cheapy venom nevermind
starfox no damage yeah this is a Grand
Theft Auto I just jacked that car that's
great
I think I could have taken any car than
others what what's there to discuss
about how long it's a great cam I play
their lot and you should you should play
it people why games they want to hear
other people say they like weekend oh my
life again love game more so what you
should do is get the hotline Miami
soundtrack actually you should drop
everything and get body harvest rich is
having a great time actually you should
go buy that Twin Peaks box set you know
oh
during the car I did not recover the
previously recording Mario Kart footage
so it's gone forever
or we can recover it I found a website
that I gave them a sample of it and they
were able to recover the footage but to
recover all two hours it would cost two
hundred and fifty dollars oh so guess
what that's big no hey check box you got
250 bucks right nope
i've streamed hotline miami before on
the jack solo stream so I probably won't
do it again
McKenzie was the great hero Oh first to
approve the use of the tank he resides
in this area use the tank that's great
keep up kid great good you've done what
you're doing
my guess is a real twin peaks'
discussion won't happen for another hour
or so
I believe J has some work to do I
believe so yes what your name is J they
all want to talk about Twin Peaks not
yeah B not gonna happen it's not time
yet some work for the work to do no oh
no and yeah for the for the mariokart
footage we have all of the the footage
of me and rich playing the game we just
lost all of the capture footage of the
game of the actual game and so I just
won't have anything to cut - yeah I'll
kick started I think that's a great
thank you I'll get right on that machine
gun they go so like well we'll still
have me and rich talking about the game
but I just won't have any of the actual
gameplay footage to cut to so I might
have to fake that heads up I'm not going
to make a Kickstarter to raise $250 oh
and by the way someone's asking if the
resumes have come in we have not gotten
a single goddamn resume you assholes
were supposed to send in funny resumes
and none of you delivered what the fuck
was the peel box been check since the
last stream whose recent two days ago
yeah just maybe there's something in
there now I don't know maybe we so far
we have not gotten any won't let me get
out of the inventory I feel about the
same register
it sure is no backup no no Oh leaving
that room was the hardest thing I've
done in the scary
nice no objective checks man oh yeah did
you guys see that the kick started it to
raise a couple thousand dollars for
potato salad yeah that's dumb that's
funny yeah it's almost as dumb as Zach
Braff's Kickstarter boom it's true yeah
yeah a guy wanted to make potato salad
so he made like a joke Kickstarter
basically he's like he's like you know
he I think he wanted to raise like 75
dollars for all the ingredients for
really good potatoes and people just
went crazy over it and given like p.m.
thousands to like have a container salad
partner because it's funny yeah well you
know I guess for them it might be a good
joke but I can oh my god he's gone rogue
oh no you're behind a fence he'll never
be able to get the map Oh John kilo I'm
looking forward and John kilo said he
sent his resume last Thursday and he
drew the Showbiz Pizza bear I'm looking
forward to getting it we haven't gotten
it yet
you send your resume to the address on
the red letter media website yes send in
your resumes and we're looking for funny
resumes but obviously red letter media
is not hiring anyone so we're looking
for joke resumes and we said that the
funniest ones we will read live on the
stream as a joke because it would be
funny because a few streams ago someone
was being very persistent about working
here we thought a good gag to write joke
resumes and send them to the PIO box
handwritten they have to be handling or
tight I guess they could be typed in
print types they could be typed to end
print it I suppose none emailed no
emails that they have to be on paper or
reasonable paper effects similar oh sure
tailor skins
oh no more bugs why would I press the
trigger do you look behind you you idiot
is that what happened yeah
oh my god oh you got a hundred points
supposed to be bad well it's not
supposed to be bad is it it's exceeding
you know Jack Mac the sub money for the
twitch stream goes into the thrift
stream like we you know we winds and
whatnot we bought some n64 games today
because we thought it would be funny to
stream that you can't jump over the
fence so say yeah twitch subscription
money goes into previously recorded
it'll mean rich and I could buy games
it'll mean we can do fun stuff for the
stream and for previously recorded does
not give it to you so no no a new
speed-up McFly mick murderface this game
does blah
I picked the wrong horse oh I can only
imagine this has got to be this has got
to be better than then this pain Dark
Rift I don't know you have to play it
you have to play it for at least 15 more
minutes
yeah mind then I'll do Dark Rift about
that I'm enjoying it Wow door no no the
money won't go to recovering Mario Kart
footage that is not worth it I tried
some freeware like video recovery
software and none of them worked one of
them kind of works and then it didn't
and it really doesn't matter we have
routinize reaction to it and so if
there's anything I need to show I'll
just fake some we footage and do now so
now you know the story yeah yeah there's
some footage of we made me with with
rich and Jay and so I might have to fake
us making movies again or I'll just show
them is because I still have my fucker
blah blah bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh what
Jackie leo says what if dark rift is the
extra of n64 games it could be the
extracts from a game that we think is
gonna be really bad it is amazing it's
pretty bad yeah this is this doesn't
look terrible yet does it usually it
looks terrible sure what's ugly
I hate it you hate it yeah I believe we
started with some shiny gold 9 we rocks
Goldeneye for a while and then we played
perfect dark which is basically
Goldeneye with with a lady spy okay and
now we're playing this and then we
haven't gotten to Mario Kart no we've
not gotten to Mario Kart yeah
don't worry or do you want to play my
regards everything depends on how late
you're streaming wait we stream as long
as we're awake and as long as we're
we're not too rowdy in here you you
won't hear us yeah yeah so then we're
stream until we get fucking sick of it I
should tweet that you're streaming I'm
the official red letter media to each
other oh no these people are paying
attention to you right now right now a
380 get ready for that but go oh yeah I
have not heard it oh god I am NOT hurted
oh I had not heard that the crummiest
breeders song that was ever written mmm
fuck this time I'm still like somebody's
car hey you is this you cough sounds
stupid neo stupid yeah we're not gonna
play
Deadly Premonition we don't care about
it fly yeah it's no no it's it's like
it's like Miami connection where they
they deliberately made a modern game
look like a cheesy 80s action movie in
fact be the friends forever song it
plays during the end credits
oh no that's what's different is a far
cry yeah far cry Deadly Premonition
that was gonna look great right look
dragon Ellie permission is completely
different game even I know this I don't
know what dragon is Eddie I think so
we're not gonna play blood dragon have
another drink Jack I haven't had
anything to drink some eyes I don't
drink that often x-men so the crummiest
breeder song is Lady t-top I think you
misunderstood
yeah yeah tell me premonition is the
game people were saying it feels like
twin peaks' oh okay oh sorry
I bawled again I have fuluo Jews I have
played Jack is smoking everything all
this car jack so like that I'll expect
all the crack I spoke to all the drug
just got here and the kradic is going
sorry sorry
now lord knows after a movie like
boyhood you need some crack Ruby like
boyhood you need a map no no don't
review spoiler alert along innocent oh
good yeah refrain
I like that richard linklater alone
sometimes a lot what's his movies a
slacker and waking life before sunset
yet were sunrise and were that other
thing before the other thing before this
that sounds like well you know he's
taken a lot of chances and made a lot of
different types of things what's cool of
us we can act black I think that was
just really fun yeah he did a gangster
movie oh that's right yeah um what was
that called it was like its first bigger
yeah but he's tried tons of shit yeah
well good for him yes before midnight is
that what it's called
yes yeah thank you ho ass ho ho ass ho
is a new subscriber macho's has been
very incisive commentary tonight he did
your acid perk 3 before movie no meaning
to yes
Human Centipede in the karyesh
they like his philosophy for babies yes
yeah good like a movie I love the
animation in it but holy shit
oh yeah it's no slacker no and I've
actually watched his his very first
movie is on the criterion DVD of slacker
and it is just fucking unwatchable
there's a movie called something like
it's impossible to learn how to plow by
reading books oh it's yeah I know okay
the title alone is sort of like stoner
philosophy sort of until I just got
bored and fast-forward and he walks into
the room then he left side of the room
and he walks back in the bedroom he
takes a nap I think maybe there's like
god damn it stop
but slacker was slacker was already
fucking work of fucking genius
how much I like some flag I mean
obviously it's very episodic so yeah
portions of it I like if somebody don't
like as much yeah but I mean that up to
an overall sort of portrait hood I get
the feeling that it was the kind of kind
of portraiture of Austin at the time
as well and I saw it I mean I saw it
when I was 18 I don't know 17 like I
just I don't even remember how I knew to
rent it it was one of those things like
that I watched Twin Peaks when I was a
kid I never do that and I just you know
it was one of those things that I hadn't
seen anything like it at the time so
that helps a lot in terms of my you know
my appreciation of it I mean what am I
looking for
I don't know where are you going oh I
don't have no you should stop this sucks
do you want to stop playing no very
little
okay we can talk a little bit someone
asked us how bad our emails blew up
after the sanik review my my Twitter
feed was a lot of hates oh yeah people
you know what it got I think it got a
really good conversation started
and I think I'm really happy with the
sonic review thick rich and I made some
really fun points and had a good time
playing a classic game so you know it's
what's what's really upsetting is like
anyone who who tries to make an argument
or our ask us a question about something
we already addressed in the review
Mnet's like it's in the review we've
already addressed that that's my
response is oh that's a good question so
AJ what what previews played before
boyhood Woody Allen movie do a movie
every fucking years gonna stone in here
still yeah the trip to the sequel to the
trip that Steve Coogan movie oh cool the
trip to Italy yeah yeah yeah yeah pretty
good oh I'm excited about that I loved
the trip um
Calvary from a director of the guard
which neither of those things mean
anything to me no I don't know kind of
interesting it was like a priest and he
had a gun and I think that was it oh
well the guard was that one with Don
Cheadle and Gleason in it I've never
seen it but I've seen the DVD cover okay
use the explosive there we go
why are they asking what trailers played
before I don't know that's what they
asked and I know your question no I
think actually it's a good question it's
an interesting question I know so the
trailer for transformers 4 played before
for some reason the trailer you would
see me play a circle with that play
transformers 4 then the new mr. bean
movie which doesn't even exist that's
funny are there spikes in this game Oh
who's that someone asked it no it does
not look like they're I I think someone
like all the games in the very first
streams we play the head spikes that
would kill you
like we did sonic we did a thousand and
one spikes we did a bunch of games that
had spikes I would kill you instantly
and so it must be a thing I guess I
don't I guess it's a thing what is this
what is this game oh fuck right around
the corner yeah whoa shoot him with your
gun okay yeah so the garden is like yeah
in version Seven Psychopaths it's not
the same director but it must be the
same kind of style okay fuck the old
bean factory is not mr. beans penis
that's his father's penis
that's funny that makes perfect sense
yeah sure Oh Clem Fandango wants to know
when the new Plinkett review is coming
out tomorrow night it's tomorrow yes
actually the mr. bean movie oddly enough
you know bean factory like we we were
really excited to bring you that news so
the the unmade next mr. bean movie is
the next funky review that will be out
tomorrow yes tomorrow so that's the
great thing is not only there's new
Plinkett there we have an exclusive on
the new mr. bean yeah yeah mr. bean
movie was in the word and here's another
little bonus patrol they're releasing it
through a new video platform myspace has
created a new video sharing platform
that they have invited red letter media
to exclusively release the new Plinkett
review on yes it's called bean space
dot-org bean space corn dot ninja you
guys know that's real right you can make
you can even fuckin website that may be
tiny yeah yeah alright if it's if that's
not active yet it's coming oh my love it
yeah yeah
sir blindly yes we will do a mega man
night where we play all the mega man I
was like Mega Man game I played one
since I was a little done fuck him done
mega man night how many of those are
there Mega Man games sighing they they
made seven bazillion they made two retro
ones ninth
and so there's 10 there's 10 retro
Megaman games oh okay no matter X
blowing about Metroid do they still have
Metroid games have it in a while you
know you know what's underrated what
Mega Man Legends that isn't that's like
the Megaman version of Zelda 3d I guess
Oh weird
I love Megaman X Mega Man X is a fun
game but let's do that we can do classic
Mega Man's anytime dear the 8-bit gamer
I will take more beer what was the
question did you do you guys need some
more beer set over okay yes I mean sure
do you know if the worst problem is
about having too much beer what if too
much beer that's good I don't know if
you can send beer in the mail I'll be
honest we can yeah you can oh yeah we
actually got some from a family has sent
us many best of the worst movies that's
this right here oh oh they weren't
supposed to when they just got away
bacon go to the peel box and send us
beer sure we'll drink it yeah you can
you can send us wrap it very carefully
so it doesn't break in the mail I mean
sure way to get poison sent to us there
are there are certain states that you
cannot have alcohol send to Wisconsin
it's not one of them oh great done it
was until fairly recently surprisingly
enough you know what fuckin done send it
to a send us your favorite local beer
sure along dear sweet Louis so this is a
six pack of stag I'll drink that shit as
long as you love is it is it again
played at all right is it the exact same
thing over yeah like is there upgradable
stat sir nothing I've notice well I got
it I got a machine they're in the same
Model T could you make know that's
different 101 yeah I've gone through
three or four cups oh can you make a
different did you did you make it to the
place we're supposed to make it to yes
now there's another place go to place go
to other place go to other place after
that go to next place nice place
and kill bugs oh my god bugs are cool
that's the only thing I've been really
enjoying about the other the only
problem is it's like the exact same for
bugs right now and then you drive oh I
love render fog worse blob mutation you
do not need to put beer and dry ice
we'll chill it here yeah okay yeah okay
trust
Elvis delvis you make wine so if you
want to send us dry ice sure they win
well what what just happened it's still
going over here
I know I hear Oh reload I guess yes
we're a weird thing just happened so we
do I just lost most of your chat it'll
come back question mark getting
information yeah oh yeah it was just
Chrome yeah um oh there we go okay
somebody wanted to send this wine so
this your wine if it doesn't suck
send us your wine if a dead sucker will
still drink it I like wine red wine we
just don't make the wine out of your
testicles oh please what this is
commercial yeah that's fine then when
it's like so when someone comes new to
the stream they usually get a commercial
oh okay that makes sense everytime they
come in new to the stream I don't know
what happened everything's fine right a
weird thing happened all of our LM ever
yes it's pretty true it's really true
freedom you know I'm using Chrome
browser and it said that Chrome ran out
of memory I didn't even know it could do
that hey yeah I so it just sort of
happens all of us know this okay
send this wine and your music I'm suck
yes I make wine and play my mouth yeah
send us sexy music and your wine and
then we will drink your wine whilst
listening to your music sure how about
that we liked the musics live on the
stream okay let's
we want to be won't even be playing a
game what else we'll just dream that
this trick yeah that's good
stream us trick in your walk all right
man yeah do not send moonshine or if you
do send moonshine clearly label it
moonship oh man that shit will fuck yeah
I have I have it was almost
hallucinogenic yeah dumb drinking
moonshine is so mixed I mean we didn't
really talk much we mixed it okay but
keep in mind I have I have experience
drinking Everclear oh yeah
Everclear it's extremely extremely
efficient for being on the road for two
weeks because four guys and one bottle
of Everclear will last you two weeks
yep I'll see you at my mixer all the way
through what do you next what's the next
day when the agenda how do you were done
with this one have you guys talked about
guardians of the galaxy you know how you
can rescue an opinions on it I haven't
seen it so I don't want to do those
slits
alright alright let's give people let's
give people time to see if they did just
come on okay yesterday
everybody Josh Josh has ruined you
hearing my opinions on guardians and
you're welcome I'm pretty sure your
opinions will echo our opinions which
will which people will hear very soon
yeah man and then in the next stream you
can say whatever you want about it I
don't know how you sure I suppose yeah I
would like that's the thing like but we
have to wait till you're done you'll
know what actually the one thing I said
was I thought it was flawed but fun yeah
we're gonna wait till you're done
getting your work done and then after
this dream Joe Joe fun why would you mix
moonshine no I was mixing Everclear and
also you drink you mix every clear
because you do not drink every clear
straight it says so on the bottle
give me some corn whiskey I'll be right
all right I'm done all right just
driving around and shooting bugs and
walking on a building occasionally
sexily get out of the building and shoot
more bugs because no one in the Greater
Milwaukee area has a copy of Starbuck
well you know that's okay people jumping
big ol jump so you're done with this
game I'm okay guess what that means
we're oh fuck taking a break let's see
how No okay oh yeah we'll do it we'll do
it after that one okay so it's gonna cut
it's gonna cut out for a second and jack
is gonna play his other dime-store by
and this one's gonna be fucking awesome
why sure that's known as dark rift
augmentation used to do every clear in
Tabasco shots in college because that's
what you do in college yes that is
exactly good okay here at you take you
take over and read and chat have a good
time
let's see any plans of doing a best of
the worst with animated movies no
specific plans we would but I mean I
don't know whatever but he missed this I
think there's a set we have do we ever
saw that man that many ones there's no
way I know there's at least one movie
that's candidate yes we have some
individual ones floating around but I
don't think it will be I don't think
would be a themed one particularly
because I think if you've watched three
animated movies in a row that might get
really annoying yeah I can't and I can't
even necessarily say why that would be
the case that's like what's a bad like
you know yeah
what does see how many bad animated
movies how many best of the worst
candidate animated movies do we have
nothing does what I thought there was
one I was making a joke yeah Oh were you
guys seeing question answers no no no
and there's at least one Jessie's wrong
nobody cares what she thinks
Yeah right
oh we had to unplug it and plug it back
in again again it's true these are the
things these are the things that happen
yeah you brought the party yeah I guess
you're free to be in here I guess you're
free to be in here yeah I guess you're
free to be in here I guess you're free
