Episode 026
Rogue Legacy - Jack Solo Part 1 Y'all
August 19, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cdc0l2cEs0k
___________________________________________

hey everybody welcome to the stream
welcome okay good that's working welcome
to the stream welcome to the fun I
spelled rogue right this time I know I
did theirs rogue and there's Rouge
homophones right and is that spelled
similarly but pronounced differently
what you know what whatever here's the
game we're gonna do a quick audio check
I think the audio might be a little loud
so I'm I think I'm gonna turn down the
game audio a little bit hold on you know
what just hold on to your horses
everybody let's see how this feels
let's see how this feels Jack in the bag
how does it sound my voice the game
how's it looking
a pie for 60 I will not be so drunk that
I go on a five-hour rambling rant about
my personal problems
I guarantee that but hey welcome to the
stream everyone thanks for coming sore
tonight needs more echo the voice
distorting sounds good sounds good good
Rory Tate's I believe you that it sounds
good so I have been playing the rogue
legacy on my Vita and been really
enjoying it and so I thought I'd I
thought I would jam it on the computer
here to see if I can get it cuz I still
don't think I have a full grasp of it
yet that makes any sense you know I'm
not doing very well with it on my Vita
yet so but I kind of get up so this is
basically the basics of the game is here
this night and you go around in your
break shit to collect gold and you fight
guys
and you not die that's that's that's it
that's how the game works that's all the
game 100%
look
that's one of my favorite things is this
light down attack the ledge to make it
appear that's really neat hey just
destroy everything in the castle for
money
yes yeah this is rogue legacy it's we're
gonna get into it a little bit more just
kind of this is this is like the intro
nope here it is here is the legacy we
haven't really done much to the manor
yet okay so now we're gonna get into the
jam here and I'll kind of explain as I
go along there are skeletons there are
spikes in this game so you have to
really be room would be ware of spikes
an assassin has wounded my father the
King PS we're the assassin to bring
order back to the kingdom
he has sent my siblings and I on a quest
to save him together we'll venture into
the cursed woods and enter Castle
hampson that's the castle were in right
now this cursed cattle has stood on the
edge of the woods since time immemorial
but for rule must say that within it
dwells an item which will cure any
ailment tonight I will get a head start
over my brothers and sisters and so
forth on my quest while they lay asleep
to fail this quest would be an
embarrassment to my name
look okay okay we're gonna get this
first step out of the way of really
quickly it looks like once you see what
we're what we're up against here I can
explain a little bit more barber barber
I kind of see what's happening here
they're like the basics of it obviously
it's just like an action platformer
where the world is full of terrible
things and you need to leave the world
of those terrible things
oh and there we go there's our first
death
doctor who starts sucking I want to say
it's an eighth season maybe seventh I
forget okay so here's how it is so it's
an action-platformer emphasis on the
action and the gimmick is every time you
die you get to choose your air and get
to choose out of one out of three airs
and they all have different abilities so
here is sir skunky
he's a kanay of whatever that is low
stats but can land devastating critical
strikes and they all have these traits
you'll see like his trade is baldness so
I like him already
he also has ADHD s which means he moves
a lot faster and and his little special
power are these bouncing spiky balls
this is lady Charlotte she's a knight
doesn't have any traits and this is Lady
Talisa pretty good at everything
dyslexia has trouble reading things and
corporal Laila which probably means that
she swears and I like the side so I'm
going to choose the sides so this is it
you choose an heir the other the other
daily pop as you see here is you get to
choose you get to build a castle that
all your heirs get to live in and by
doing that you kind of up your stats
this is like this is like a section of
the levelling up see we have a
blacksmith here and if I bring the
blacksmith blueprints he can make me
stuff pretty neat we don't have any
money right now to get anything but once
we go in like you saw me do like I I
knocked down stuff in the castle and
defeat enemies to earn money and then I
spend that money to upgrade my castle or
upgrade my equipment and here's a really
neat thing is
every time you enter the castle you must
pay the toll and the toll is all of your
remaining money so any money you don't
spend upgrading your stuff get suspense
to enter the castle again so it's kind
of neat so yeah it's basically just a
really hard action platformer with a
unique leveling up system and this gold
door can't get into this is a teleporter
I can't teleport anywhere
it's a bookshelf
it's bookshelf it doesn't do much I'll
tell you one thing I did learn as you
see this how this area is darker that
means it's a secret yes there we go
treasure room right out the bat easy
easy whoa
that eyeball is some serious business
get away
oops
see it's basically survived and I'm not
doing a very good job of that right now
yeah getting some good loot though
getting some good money for upgrading
sounds like I should be able to do
something whoa that was very lucky
there's really there's you know a couple
bombs there's a tack and jump and then
special attack and then you saw me there
hopping on that do this down and attack
as I just like those eyes
here
see what's over here
let's see
jump-jump-jump see what's up here
oh my thought I saw that in the painting
there we go what what I end a bit all
right great
cools and goes yeah this is a look this
is very ghosts and goblins this is very
very zombies ate my neighbor
yeah little Castlevania II you know
broke like all that fun stuff the the
neat thing is every time you enter the
castle it's different of course let's
see here a knight my trait is that
chickens freaked me out all of that
let's see here
ooh Worf ISM let's be a dwarf well I got
a lot a lot of loot so we definitely
want to upgrade some stuff here
equipment up definitely want that what's
over here architects don't care about
that and change what you want that
enchantress just has the ability to give
you special magical abilities easy-peasy
look Oh Friday actually should have
saved some of my life for the blacksmith
here but guess not gonna happen so yeah
that's my special ability very
Castlevania that's that is the exact
Castlevania axe right there and now I'm
a tiny knife so now we're gonna enter
the castle again and it's gonna be a
whole new castle it's gonna be great
laughs
I was lucky oh my god
totally doing it you get some rooms like
this then totally totally F your day up
and there we go
yeah we have a lot of dick the birthday
boys are you guys talking about Jessie
and her love of a1 sauce and eggs it's
weird
listen I don't think things belong in
eggs maybe salsa eggs in salsa but yeah
I like the barbarian class barbarians
have a little more help all right let's
get moving
can you wait Hannah sake jet yeah yeah
I'll get right in on this egg can I make
scrambled eggs really great scrambled
eggs and then I mix salsa verde in with
it that with some spinach and beans is
my usual breakfast and so a1 on eggs is
a travesty as far as I'm concerned it
but I'd like I know people who do that
like people who like ketchup on eggs and
I think that is a damn shame leave your
eggs alone or if you're gonna put
something on your eggs want to put some
flavor on it
just being as conscious as I can't hear
and so I want to try to make it a little
further now that I have people watching
I guess
hmm get some dough
see where it can go from here
Oh
and dead alright balsamic vinegar on
eggs I have not tried that I don't
necessarily believe you mustard in
general I've I'm okay with mustard but I
mean I can understand someone not being
updated mustard like rich said it's one
of those things where you just don't
like it no one can convince you that you
like it I do so this is this is kind of
neat about the game as far as like the
fun selling points of the game so lady
Henrietta here is colorblind and so when
we play as lady Henrietta it plays in
black and white which is just a anita
little those are fun little things
all right we should unlock that
architect but I also I can develop I
don't understand what the point of the
architect is yet the architect can lock
Castle down to prevent it from changing
and I don't under necessarily get what
that does maybe we'll be able to try but
I also want some more Health blackened
in the health department is good so so
yeah now my ladies so here's here's a
lady she's got lots of lady stuff and so
I can buy this stuff from this lady and
get special bonuses like oh actually I
should have got something like this
which is the the double jump or this one
is a is a - could have been nice to have
so as we go through the castle maybe we
should just try locking it down and see
what happens
I'm crazy they'll over here is simple
like we're going to continuing it so you
can go through exactly what your
ancestors went through okay ah you want
to lock the castle and get only 60% of
the gold sure let's see what happens
now let's see what happens here so now I
won't get as many I won't get as much
gold at the end of the day but I'll have
a better idea of what's coming maybe
it's worth it maybe it's worth it
nice
ghost
I'll let you get out of here ghost
skeleton you ain't got nothing
Oh Oh but that is a so good at you I
don't get the treasure I get it I get
what's happening here
I'm understanding slowly but surely well
it's gonna kill me this time not the
tightest control we move a little much
like Castlevania move a little sluggish
that is a little upsetting like I would
like the controls to be a little bit
tighter
No okay that's mine it is just the jack
stream tonight I'm playing some heroic
legacy she asked the jack stream usually
Sunday night is just a jack stream night
and that's fine oh wow let me finish
pouring my snack here
I think that'll help I think that will
help in my rogue legacy adventures snack
I have made it to a couple of the bosses
someone asked
you
what am I talking about oh the point of
the architect is to fight the bosses oh
okay that makes sense so then I'm going
to pay make the architect to go it would
dwarf
I like the dwarfs because I think there
are some cubbies that only dwarfs can
get into let's be able to Wharf again
I can't cast spells properly no it's
fine that's fine
did I make any money I did I should buy
some ruins though I think I want to buy
that's the sprint I don't want that I
think I want the double jump yeah so now
now I can dump them do you want to lock
the castle
no yeah come on old dwarf bring it away
as a question mark one of those traits
oh well okay here we go
I'm Elena Elena cool
Lana cool
you painting
James
what
I was that might rate that I can't cut
it cast spells properly that's right
that's funny
you see down here the forever question
is are there spikes in the game and
there are spikes big damage
you can that turkey leg need that turkey
leg yo mark nice nice easy peasy easy
Peters I'm gonna easy peasy
gonna learn and easy not yet miss but
goal
not getting Moscow don't trust myself
chicken check-in on the door so you got
nothing to work
we got another despite ball
Wow
cheep-cheep more and I'm gonna be okay
with that
get out of here get out of your
fireballs darn it darn darn it darn
darn darn darn what Darien bro who
suggest any video game you want do you
know if we have it and we'll definitely
try to play it and
you know no we love we love video game
suggestions I we have some systems send
us your old games we'll play him haha
did it MIT you did not miss any Jimmy's
or jams I'm just getting started in
rogue legacy here I did announce the new
plinker view so if you missed that
you'll have to go back to the stream
because I won't be announcing it again I
already announced it when we first
started I announced the date and subject
of the new Lincoln review earlier in the
stream so
Mario Kart 8 online with you viewers
absolutely I love Mario Kart 8 I'm
having I'm having a lot of fun with
Mario Kart 8 and we're having some
issues with the footage that rich and I
shot of us talking about Mario Kart 8
but we're gonna go back to well we've
decided with the previously recorded is
it's not just going to be about Mario
Kart 8 because that would be a pretty
light episode and so we're gonna go back
and actually play all of the Mario Kart
iterations and see if we can just talk
about Mario Kart as a as a franchise of
peripheral vision weak muscles whew
giant hero and IBS yeah I think I want
ideas I think I want a farting hero this
is what sold me on the game is that one
of the heroes farts right proper gym
will allow you to really strengthen your
arm and butt muscles absolutely.we
when I strengthen our arm and butt
muscles we can buy any it is ladies 350
yeah that's alright that's alright
here we go well yeah definitely like
well I'll do another Mario card stream
whether it's me so much dream or whether
it's in the enriched stream will
definitely do another Mario Kart stream
and and yeah we'll figure out a way to
cuz I think I can just set that up right
where I just I play with people I know
so we'll definitely find a way to set up
a group Mario Kart stream these
paintings freaking out the most Oh
hearted fun apartment man
it's funny when they part don't think
and there's another Wiggly tunity over
here yep there we go get out here
some of the paintings wiggle that's how
you can sell their evil paintings
there we go that's not bad now no that's
okay here we go just a lot of me feels
like I'm garbage at the combat I've not
figured that out yet you know I haven't
figured out the the rhythm of this game
yet
and that is upsetting you know when when
you when you know that you should
understand it I know I went through a
big period with it spelunky where I just
felt like I was garbage I'm not getting
it and then you hit that moment when you
realized what begins Jesus
nice nice
once you start realizing fire I didn't
see that coming
we already talked about what the next
blanket review was I explained what the
next blanket review was going to be and
when it was coming out at the beginning
of this dream and if you missed that I'm
really sorry Roy did let's see here
peripheral artery disease no foot pulse
oh that's a good one that's a good one
because I can step on the spike traps
without it hurting me so we want that
age damage up yeah we want definite like
that okay I really like this little
practice dummy okay here we go going
again for rich Evan solo XCOM stream yes
there is a chance for rich Evan solo
x-country we are actually working on
setting up rich with his own streaming
he does want to do solo streams
and you know just the city was setting
it up it's a lot of there's a lot of
there is a lot of there's a lot of jams
setting up the live streaming and we are
working on that so many things top fell
right into it a breather
person is very weak I can't even beat
okay oh man
you guys this is gonna be a very short
one oh good get some golf oh that's good
okay so yeah Ritchie's gonna work on
XCOM solo stuff just solo bridge so more
stream you know what happens rich solo
screaming in general yes still have
technical issues there for you says that
rich is the most boring fucker when he
gets into games it's true and we're and
that's the other thing we're working on
is just him talking in general someone
is asking me Jack how often do you shave
or cut your hair every couple of days or
so I shave I think I've talked about
this before I go I go through the online
service Harry's harrys.com for all my
razors and they have good razors and I
really like them and great shave butter
and I will specifically shave directly
before we shoot something so even if
it's only been a day or two like where
I'd normally wouldn't shave just in
everyday life if I know we're gonna
shoot something I will have a nice clean
shaven head and beard
yes 4hf and hopi furiously macerating
the it's tough you know like actually
like talking to you guys and playing is
a difficult thing to do and it's a
learned thing so we're working on that
with rich in general but he's getting
there and yeah he's gonna learn how to
scream when you're gonna get rich solo
screams yeah we're gonna get a lot more
content as far as previously recorded is
concerned
sir gampy you this sir can be our one
and only mod sir gimpy where's your mod
sword
can you take though what what'swhat's
the neckbeard torch I don't know
well you ever stream Superman 64
absolutely absolutely let's see here
man this autogenic baldness like the
acts no traits but I like that ax the ax
is one of my one of my favorite weapons
all right I think I can get the other
ruined now I have 350 yeah and we
definitely want that - run all right so
now I can - and I can do stuff like that
double - - stay in the air for a long
time
great oh I don't have any money to give
you sons you ain't got nothing give me
that going on
give me that go no I don't want to read
the diary entry
see I guess the story of the game is we
we are the rogue and we went after I
don't know if it was stated like whether
he was a magic King or we went after the
king and the King's children are in the
castle looking for a magical MacGuffin
that will cure the king of what ails him
which in this case I just think is me
you know killing him
and so we are in a castle to try to I
don't know stop the children I don't you
know these games story story doesn't
matter so much platforming with these
little oh my god I was just about to say
platforming is really great and this is
what epic have you ever played
Battlestar Galactica the board game I
have not but I am a fan of Battlestar
Galactica and board games so it might be
something I enjoy
Jackie oh you're right that's that's a
the entirety of rich streaming Superman
64 would just be flat as but you know
there's your sword sir gimpy we found it
again
the third barf ugh but I forget he says
you're right doing the obvious the the
story is therefore for you know
flowering it doesn't really really
matter let's see here knock enemies back
chickens freak you out I'm sure that
I'll play a part in the game later and
not gonna be is back oh this is I'm
gonna choose this guy just so you can
see his trade because I think it's funny
um let's see what we can upgrade here
help up I'll be good
so this character's trait is he's stereo
blind he cannot see in 3d so watch his
character model it flips in 2d
gonna fun dad Paper Mario up in here
also I don't understand his trade at all
I should have practiced with his trade
he is like a teleporting thing we can
set up with a teleport no I don't
understand nothing
Castle forest
okay easy
nope
nope alright
also like I have levels you know like
right now I'm level 12 if you see in the
upper left-hand corner on level 12 I
have no idea what those levels of do
like I don't know if they make me
stronger or I mean I can get you items
then I would actually like to know what
the levels do if you guys know what the
levels do in general let me know like
comment subscribe and let me know what
is that black mist I don't know it's
just like a character train this these
characters take more damage buds and
have a higher chance of critical hits
and so I just think they're a spooky
character and so that black mist because
they're spookiness if you see like they
don't have a face under their helmet
it's their general spook acity
partner that's what I assumed I don't
know if it necessarily means anything no
and you're right sir JP following on
spikes is not insta death
is this game shovel knight with a sword
sword I know no it's a it's a roguelike
obviously it rogue legacy yeah it's much
much different game than shovel knight
shovel knight is just oh look shellay is
classic oh my god do you see what I'm
doing here you see what I'm doing here
messing everything up being a dingus
Jack be a big dingus hitting those
spikes like that on the side I do think
it's malarkey in general that it's
finest that spikes hurt you when you hit
there besides like that I just think
that it's generally malarkey but also
Fairey chests I don't think I can do
this I don't think I can do this hid
fairy chests as you see here I have
certain objectives you need to meet and
for this one is taking no damage and I
don't think I can get there without
hitting the spikes I have the dash and
the double jump but that would require
me to like - and then jump and you can't
do that you can it would require me to
like drop down - yeah you cannot - and
then jump oh maybe you can no you can't
I have to hit the ground first maybe
Allah
you know let's go to try I'm gonna die
anyway oh oh yeah okay
sprint aroun bracers now can I get back
that's the big question oh no okay well
I got the room so that's something
fall - jump Chiron yes I didn't know we
could do that we just learned
we just learned Thank You Rory tato
standard hero no trades
orphism you conduct electricity let's go
with the dwarfism but when I get the
Guardians shield but dwarfism let's see
what that new ruin is and check into my
equipment here gain the power to - short
distances ruins stack along multiple -
is that we need I don't have enough for
that fortunately let's see if we have
any well we can do this we have here
once I only have 170 to spend so get a
helm okay so now I do a little more
damage let's go
that's my special Jam attack the ball
what this Viking is also known as the
spiked ball
okay let's go
chicken didn't got that it's gonna be
that later
I'm trying to break his face there we go
timing alright
there we go there we go he's easy lemon
squeezy
jumps right into that
Jim right into that guy's you know why
it's because I'm a terrible at video
games you guys should know that all
right you guys should know that I'm
terrible at video games
Lodi high ball looks like a gas leak
that's a Pokemon reference pretty good
one I mean you know I do it again I do
it again guys yeah Friday was a lot of
fun I thought that was a really great
stream n64 stream definitely definitely
a strange one with with the random
bargain by games but I had a really good
time Josh had a really good time and
obviously any time we can get Josh back
I think the better I think there was a
solid hour where Josh was just talking
to one person about obscure musical
references so he had a good time
here's a little bit of that story we
were talking about it doesn't matter
take no damage oh we can do this we can
do this oh my god
oh darn it gotta go we're gonna go into
damage oh my god that sucked so when you
fail the quest you can't go back to it
that's how it works
yes Oh Behati harvest oh my god rich was
so upset he had to we we had for anyone
who wasn't there on Friday not one of
the bargain basement n64 games we had
was a game called the body harvest and
it was just the worst him who was the
ugliest game the character I don't even
think had textures on him it was two
cylinders and a rectangle and yeah the
cylinders walked it was the it was
really great and Ed wooden I agree
jesse is the best first reams Jesse's
the best in general and we're gonna we
try to get her out to more extremes but
yeah she's busy she's got she's got the
entire office to look after so we give
her her space
get out here okay why are we going for
here what are we doing what are we doing
guys
what are we doing with our lives
enjoying them
okay here we go here we go Syria where
we going I don't know nah okay
let's just go over here and see it's
over here I found a jukebox
where we can just listen to some tunes
Nawal that seems like the jam and it's
alright great
yeah Jesse is the one that sends out all
the all the stuff you know she she
fulfills all the orders she checks all
the email she she just she runs the
place and yes John Q oh you are right J
still has to play that game where it's
the end of the world and we know it
and
that's all the male stuff yet
what TV shows did I grew up with I you
know I grew up we didn't have cable I'll
tell you that we did not have cable
growing up and so it was it was just
kind of whatever was on we watched a lot
of I watched a lot of really awful
Saturday afternoon movies in Milwaukee
was channel 18 they played crazy awful
movies on Saturday afternoon so I love
that like best of the best it's kind of
movies every kill gives you manna that's
pretty nice
remember things with extreme clarity be
asked or foursome
I think we're gonna do him because he
has the stopwatch and the stopwatch
freezes time which is a really valuable
more one more upgrade our caring way
let's do that okay
yeah that's a really helpful ability all
right let's do that let's do that I grew
up on a farm I did ya know stuff like
Xena stuff like Hercules that kind of
garbage it definitely watched a ton of
that but also spent a lot of time
outside didn't get to watch that much
because you know busy going outside
which I know is a a foreign concept to
me even now like outside is the worst as
far as I'm concerned
names favorite week better I say go to
see that's the name of game y'all let's
see what I see
are you coming
yeah oh my god died so quick
thank you augmentation I'm I'm glad you
guys enjoyed this like this was
literally the last idea that we thought
would work the livestreams commutation
says he really likes them it was just
one of those things where we're looking
for a way to get out more content for
you guys we're looking for a way to
interact with you a little bit more and
I'm a fan of twitch dreams and so we
said what the fuck why not give it a try
no outside like Farmville Jackie oh
you're absolutely right
did Billy hecka who might be a new
subscriber because I don't remember that
name asks if I had a dinner bell and we
did we absolutely had a dinner bell it
was not a big triangle though like you
see in the movies
tunnel vision no peripheral vision what
is that
no I guess we'll find out it was it was
an actual bell I get anything for 310
alpha
to help up this crowd Oh does the
peripheral vision just makes the world
just makes the world tighter that's
interesting we have a dinner bell and it
was a giant fling gling gling gling Bell
because we did we spent a lot of time
outside Oh what was that something
happened
I don't know if that glitched for you
guys will see the game just kind of
glitched for me and unfroze X I'm just
gonna watch the stream here for a second
and see if you guys saw that kiran tells
me to upgrade glasses no no it doesn't
look like you guys well thank you Bill I
appreciate it hello welcome to the
stream like in the witness yeah yeah
like we just said we did haven't gonna
bill and we would we would spend our
time going outside and exploring the
woods and the farm behind the house we'd
have giant corn field behind the house
and that's that's how we would spend the
majority of our days it was it was
really nice I prefer now now I live in
the city and I definitely and perhaps
because I grew up on a farm I really
prefer living in the city mostly because
I can go places
and you know it's not a half hour drive
if we need to go to the grocery store
and I can just walk through the grocery
store and that's really nice painting
Modern Art not doing well not doing
besides are not working like I want them
to but again cool blue pen prep
blueprint to found so if you ask me a
farm versus City
I'll take city just because that's where
I live now and I really like it okay
here we go
I stew in flames
welcome will there be a previously
recorded Facebook page I don't know
that's a good question
Oh Mari Mari oh yes we played poor tag
also known as corn tag where we would go
in the corn field and back and with the
ears of corn at each other that was oh
come on come on
that was our game of tag with the ears
of corn at each other and try to peg
each other with ears of corn that was
our that was our tag because we didn't
have anything else
we had our copy of Supergirl and the
cows and chickens sure there's something
under there here painting painting it's
gotta get good guys I know I gotta get
good I gotta get that cash money
that's all I'm worrying about right now
is getting that cash money up here
what up here let's go over here
painting the painting jerk jerk jerk
jerk painting I was not prepared for a
jerk painting cash money
here we go all right good got that cash
money I'll pick two birthday voices jack
is nostalgic for corn no no I'm not I'm
a huge fan of corn but I did I did have
some good times playing corn tag
blueprint take it all right we're
starting to fun to get to some more
important jams here so this is a boss
I'm not going in there this is a
teleporter so now I can teleport back to
the beginning of the level if I want to
which I might want to I should see
what's over here
so no not not nostalgic for corn in
general generally nostalgic for outdoors
I think about that sometimes like you
know we would spend all of our time
outdoors camping doing stuff like that
and I don't I don't do any of that
anymore
I do this all right easy - hey is it
easy
so maybe getting outside would be a nice
thing it's in general and I say maybe
because like I really like the indoors
it's where the Internet is so that's
where I spend most of my time it's where
all the electricity is and man
electricity that's a great invention
I put it up there I put it right up
there like right up there with indoor
plumbing as far as inventions that I'm
really happy yeah
so much cash money guys we are gonna
upgrade the shit out of stuff so we're
gonna give our classes it's gonna be
great okay and these are oh yeah so
these are like the different almost
thing of these is different levels I'm
not going in there because they'll kill
me another teleporter
yeah so we're not gonna do that yet but
these are like they're different
oh those are the different sections the
different levels I'm not gonna do them
yet cuz I want to try to clear out
pray for assistance yes ooh
okay that did something I got a ring I
got a ring and I'm sure that does
something so I'm okay with this
we did we watch Howard the Duck and I
absolutely had the biggest crush on Lea
Thompson Tomlin Lea Tomlin Lea Thompson
we Bank definitely watched a ton of
Caroline in the city which you know
listen I'm not gonna hide for me
watching Caroline in the city
Oh No don't want to go to the land of
Darkness yet that sounds really scary I
think so we actually almost have this
whole area cleared which is very
exciting we are doing much better this
time
yes
oh there we go Oh didn't kill us
Oh money making money money making
we're doing it we're doing it
upgrade everything all the things Oh
what I used to be able to kill you in
like a one-hit spooky painting that was
the jump button by the way
shouldn't be in here
because I'm strip them and get out of
here Oh Lily Tomlin not little time 100
I'm still I'm still I've got oh no oh I
didn't know that's what that ring must
have done it wasn't given me a second
life Lady Chun we slain by the doomed
trait oh that was a good run I felt
really good about that run anything you
know it for an hour
okay we'll take a break we've been going
for an hour let me take a little break
here
well Lea Thompson started a whole new
wave of Oedipus complexes in the
eighties and nineties circuit B you're
absolutely right
anyone who sat back to the future and
had a crush on Marty McFly's mom Oh
Sephiroth it is it is only Jack the Jack
solo stream that is what's happening
tonight
lock down the castle you think I should
lock down the castle okay and well the
ring you got let's you divide it well I
know that now this is you know this is
the great thing about roguelikes is you
know think of the Great and the terrible
thing is you know you get an item and
you're not really sure what it does
until you use it and so you know I used
I used it I wasn't paying attention now
like I died and so I went to check the
chat and then I came back to life and I
didn't see that I came back to life so I
apologize Jack needs more necks
yes el night I know I'm sorry why was it
boring in bad though I was what boring
in bed rock it down then fight the
bosses I think you're absolutely right
I think you're absolutely right but
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take
a break I'm gonna run a commercial
really quick refill my snack and and
then we'll come back and play more role
legacy be Harvey