Episode 036
FTL: Faster Than Jack Part 2
August 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YCl5IMRi38
___________________________________________

Episode 036
FTL: Faster Than Jack Part 2
August 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YCl5IMRi38
___________________________________________

to him go to bed all right we are doing
very well I feel if we can get if we can
get one more crew member and a
teleporter we will F some shit up
oh man
one two and store that's gonna be my
plan one two in store teleporter
teleporter and a crew member that's what
we need all right Rock pirates this is
gonna be tougher because now they have
two shields but I have two shields too
they have a rocket so it's really
important to get rid of their fucking
that's gonna hit me
dodge it dodge it thank you
all right let's do this
yes fuck that kind of shit really hurts
I crack in my home yes yes fuck fuck
fuck fuck
that's important that's important
fixing the fixing the oxygen is slightly
important there they're scrambling right
now yes we got this we got this maybe
fuck fuck fuck
can't get their weapons down
yes okay great ah fucking hell hit me
with one last missile alright let's have
this Zoltan guy or pair our outside Jam
here oh we need let's make sure that
accident is fixed just right away oh no
too much too much jam get out of there
is all time you finished fixing it up
get it okay okay everyone get healed get
good heal up here and here up octave J
now get back to your motherfucking
stations we got some shit we got some
shit to take care of she had said what
yeah those missiles really fucked me up
but that's the other thing where it's
like if I can get if I can get a defense
drone that would really help that would
really help so what I'd like to do is
get one more this Jam here then go to
the store I think I can I can take one
more encounter definitely
you encounter a small craft with minimal
propulsion it's rock crew members
explained that the rock homeworld is run
on lies and propaganda that keep the
populace in check and that they want no
part of it tell them their God sent them
here to join your crew promised to share
with them the truths they've been denied
oh my god it's like I don't want to lie
to them because they're already running
out on lies I will tell them the truth
yes your promise has gained their
attention and they agree to serve with
you for a while yes thank you this is
super hype guys we have a rock crew
member that they don't have any fire
damage and they don't take as much
fighting damage and we have Amanda's so
who do we got here Rory Tate
Rory Tate you are the first person who I
saw cap locks
whoa I can type guys it's true
Rory Tate you are our newest crew member
you got it teleport I'm no Nico but if
someone asks if you are God tell them
the truth and you get a crew member
great
okay let's trim for the story if they
have a teleporter guys we are so in the
money teleport a teleporter teleporter
fuck no tell mind-control which could be
fun oh that does not have what we were
looking for okay what are these things
protect a ship from I am damaging 60%
louis's missile base weapons that 50%
chance of not using missile that's neat
Oh backup battery no we don't care about
that we don't care about we don't care
about any of this shit
Oh fix a couple of jams here
we're good on everything else well you
know maybe just get two fuels just to
have some fuel all right let let's bump
up some stuff here let's bump up some
stats let's pump up the jams all right
that'll help as we get some more jams
all right don't do that yeah I do I'm
gonna go here I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna throw caution to the wind
amantha ship here is adorned with rock
body parts it would be a gory or display
if they had internal organs but the
message is clear enough this is a hunter
of a very specialized kind put your a
crew member on the comm the two aliens
face one another over the vid screen
cave dwelling pebble van yells the
furious mantis captain see I paint my
ship with your companions I paint my
ship with you well fuck you dude I'm
gonna go ahead and say you ain't got
nothing all right flack the shields boom
and you officially got nothing literally
you got no weapons got no oxygen
you fucked son straight-up fight
dunh dunh excellent buy another one of
these jams put it on our engine get the
fuck out of here get a fuck out of Dodge
a motley collection of rock ships are
stationed around the beacon they look to
have restored resorted to a pirate's
life defensive maneuvers alright that's
fine they have two laser weapons which
could play havoc on my shields we will
see about that
black first alright so same as we ever
do if the shields get the weapons oh ok
that's nasty let's get our mantis to
repair those doors and we're gonna go
again shields
there we go now they don't have weapons
so they fucked I don't have the timing
just right as far as flak and their
weapons are concerned but we're getting
there there we go hey bucks
I thought you died no I'm not dead I'm
here oh my god there's Canada talk I'm
so sorry in our Canada talk why what are
you what are you dating here - oh are
you gonna you guys are a lot of
Canadians okay what's my stance on
Canadians I have I have family who are
Canadians love Canadians defence drone
mark one yes
I've been to Canada several times I
enjoyed their the first lady I ever
kissed was from Canada I fond memories
of Canada all over all over Canada's is
a wonderful all over that's the moral of
the story one more bar to up our ship if
you up the engine it means your FTL
charge is faster but it also in
increases your dodge chance so I would
like I have shields and I have a ton of
dodge which is really important to me so
now I'm just gonna collect money until I
can get a teleport I really could use a
teleport so I think I'm gonna hang out
and just try - here here here here here
here I think I can make it too
I'm erotic memories of Canada dick
actually did taste like maple syrup she
was wonderful
yes everything about Canada as someone
who does not live in Canada and only
visits every once in a while
everything about Canada is wonderful
the burnt-out hull of a rock mine layer
drifts by behind the wreck drifts a live
mine an automated drone that drills into
ships hulls ships hulls before exploding
it locks onto your ship signatures and
heads your wife attempt evasive
maneuvers the ships turning circle
proves too wide and the mine bites down
onto the hull you can hear it now
chewing through the armor sent someone
out to defuse it your crew member dons a
spacesuit and exits the airlock when
they open it up the mine housing though
they panic the red wire or the blue red
yes you open your eyes and everything is
still where it was a moment ago you did
it
22 scrapped 22 skidoo is more like it
red red I did it I did it we did it
can I do it can I tempt fate I'm gonna
we're gonna stick close to this line
alright you notice a rock ship
performing combat exercises however they
quickly change their course to engage
your ship they apparently treat
unregistered alien ships as handy target
practice oh my god
one two three four weapons but to beam
weapons
we're only kind of fucked back online
first laser go here we go Oh boom super
important take out their weapons the
rock ship hails enough we were told the
aliens were a threat to our ways and you
have proved as much take this and leave
us in peace well fuck you
Rock crew members you fired on me so
fuck you now you die
that's your lesson learned don't fire on
bitches unless you want stitches the
ship explodes leaving behind 24 scrap
yes and fuel yes everything yes
monke jack-jack Picard yes Jack Picard
yes it's up to oxygen and his amazing
shield abilities all right let's do this
let's do this guy's we are rocking off
fuck solar flares intruders on board oh
fuck you
well we have our door system which is
going to help out a lot all right let's
get our captain in our med bay get out
of there hold on you're so fucked
cuz get in there to hunt to fight we can
handle as soon as these solar flares
come though we're gonna be totally
fucked
all right get these guys in here and
hopefully they will follow us well
they're gonna take care of our doors
first off fuck
we need to get out of here yeah get in
here
follow follow these guys yes
okay fight him in the medbay that's
where you want to fight him because our
guys heal in the midday all right we're
gonna try to jump right before the next
solar flare see how many of these guys
we can take down okay yeah we're good
oh I got a store yes Oh what do we want
to be greedy no let's just go right to
the store get out of here before the
solar flare hits and a crew teleporter
oh but fuck
but fuck it's 90 hold on we have oh we
beat him all right great
oh my fuck okay everyone get back to
your stations is there a fire on board
there is I hear fire where is fire hold
on
where's fire
it's very here fix those doors I hear a
fire a fire somewhere where is fire Oh
fires in there okay all right in here
and help rock man cannot be hurt by fire
fix our heard James now all right great
all right everyone get back to jam rock
man doesn't have jam to heal you up
Sheila baller guys
Mario Mario heal up he loved everybody
he'll oh we need a strong crew what am I
gonna do here all right get back to your
posts Rockman back the doors you're in
the doors now
all right all right location saves so
what we have here situation do not like
wave a crew teleporter that's 90 scrap
and oh oh oh no wait defense Tron yes
yes yes fuck yes everything is gonna be
great fix to close it up we have we now
have a crew teleporter we can't use it
yet oh we can't
oh we told again oh we totally
everything's great everything's great
oh yes everything is great
oh let's go let's go oh well not
everything's great
we're gonna have to fight we're gonna
have to fight the bad guys a couple
times so everything's not 100% grade
dammit we're gonna have to fight him
twice
alright hold on I can't use it a
teleporter
teleporters kind of useless against the
rebel fleet because really we're just
hoping to get out of there as quickly as
possible
so it's gonna get these jams back into
their position here it really we're just
waiting for that FTL Drive to charge get
in there get in there
oh fuck everything is terrible
come on fix it fix that Drive
jump-jump-jump
not like it helps because we're jump out
of the floor and ran into the
motherfucking fire get in here and help
repair the shield's no thank you repair
this
Oh char set at the el jardín oh no I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry
we've lost you all right never mind
doing here repair that Jim we're so dead
fuck oxygen just weapons oh no wait stay
in the engine room
so dead so dead I'll be here nebula oh
okay I'll repair everything - in it
repair accident get that repaired as
fast as possible
that Jam ah that was a terrible time
that was just a terrible time power our
medbay here absolutely terrible lost a
crew member down to two Jackalopes
canadians if you weren't around just a
moment ago jack loves Canadians all
right let's get results on and the
shields you in our teleporter mantis
he's a mantis i we lost our souls on
Rory Tate in our teleporter April I in
charge of shields all right let's do
this
Anna store right there fuck you you know
I'm just fuck you
can we get back to that store I can't do
it if I got one two three four five six
oh they'll be here before that we're
gonna be dead
are we dead Oh or not all right great
like I almost want to go to the store
now and just heal all I can let's hit up
one more let's hit up one more try to
hit one more all right we can do this we
can do this
and the question is do we want to send a
rock crewman over no we want to send two
over I'm gonna heal up our mantis there
we go we're gonna send we're gonna send
two over we're gonna fuck up the jams we
can do this we're gonna do this oh
there's someone in our oxygen no fuck
you VI get out of there all right where
do we want to send them right into their
file is chamber there we go how do you
like that you don't there you go
these guys fuck up the med bay
again so now we won't fire on them again
Oh get out of there
oh my god and get out of there where's
their crew yes okay so now we have to
teleport oh my god hey I wanted both of
you yes and because we teleported
they're fully healed oh my god yes
everything is yes everything is yes yes
yes yes yes things are coming up
millhouse y'all we got a new crew member
new crew member who's gonna be just in
charge of shields guess what also you're
the new guide to the crew you gotta fix
this giant hole on our ship how about
that
actually let's get a couple people on
there to fix the giant ownership there
all right now go heal up in the medbay
everything's great guys ed Witten this
is Jack Van Kirk what are you doing I'm
playing FTL okay
hey April I love you cream in Mario
Mario shake loose TV yes
you get dibs on the new guy absolutely
shake shake loose right shakily okay so
she clue is now in charge of shields
creaming gets back on weapons dick the
birthday boy goes back on engines
everyone else is good we now have a
winning strategy so now we're gonna jump
here and nothing's here and that's fine
it's a waste of a fuel but I feel good
about these decision and we're going to
jump to the store and we're gonna heal
our shop and we're gonna stand up
goddamn fighting chance can't fix it all
that's fine we're just gonna fix the
most of it
oh I have an area anti-drone that we can
sell the way she'll charge booster
obviously I would love that but ain't
worth it if your ships broken put it all
under the ship that is a flag too right
gotta get a flag - now we're doing good
we're doing good weapons wise and now we
have our boarding party oh okay cracking
that oh we just all heard all of my
cracking knuckles
shields RH dances with Smurfs as rent
shields are the curse position so far
all of our shield operators have died
but you know best of luck to you
alright let's do this yeah that seems
like the smart way to do it let's go
here let's go down here we're gonna need
some feel soon Oh three shielded slugs
but that's okay they don't have a med
day so we can totally fuck them up and
slugs are really easy to to kill they
got some of their weapons our guys
fighting their guys totally gonna fuck
up the jams
excellent that's that's how you do it
that's exactly how you do it and they
come back and they're fully healed
because of our teleport booster oh
that's so great
and it's so effin great for some reason
our med bay I don't know how our my fake
I destroyed it I don't care
Black is great Jack don't you have work
tomorrow I work for myself so the answer
is yes but then I'm playing anyway I'm
playing FTL and we're having a really
good run and so this is what we're doing
now when you work for yourself you'll
work every day all right we need to up
our booster power here 15 seconds oh
great just kind of I've just kind of
like basically shirked all of our
engines I bought all these engine
upgrades it's like a I guess we don't
need him now
all right all right here we go here we
go jump let's go let's do
you arrived at a small slug repair
station greetings traveler care for a
fix-up we could easily patch up some of
that damage yeah sure
your dock with the stage and hoping for
a quick turnaround but the automatic
machines take their sweet time only one
damage we're glad you've enjoyed our
services now for payment to ensure your
cooperation we've taken the liberty of
installing a limiter on your weapons
system
oh great well by the way that's fine
because we have our boarding party
actually let's just take out their
weapon systems right away
absolutely fuck
just adding all of it to the dodge
hopefully you ain't got nothing you
ain't got nothing I ain't got nothing
the problem is they have a med bay so in
a perfect world I could take out their
med bay but they're not doing any damage
to me a while now they are all great
well great all right let's see what we
can do here let's try let's try a
different room let's try let's see what
happens if we take out their shields is
anyone in their shields weapons is
useless right now anyway
Jesus Christ there's a fire and weapons
what
shields back up who's what
damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
get back here you fix our med bay
open the doors we got to put the fire
there's a fire and weapons you fix our
oxygen we're gonna need that oxidant if
it's one thing I know about people and
breathing as they generally need oxygen
yes
this I guess is just a losing battle I
can't win here
we just gotta jump
yeah I have nothing to sell I have
nothing good fix all weekend that's
disheartening close all the doors get
some oxygen back in oh just
disheartening but there was nowhere to
win that battle normally in a situation
like that I would use my weapons to take
out their med bay so that my guys could
could kill them without them
regenerating but uh they had taken my
weapons so there was nothing I could do
there there was nothing I could do uh
look okay run away yes
I probably should have bought some fuel
I wanted I wanted a hole I was greedy
I wanted that hole because you know
sometimes you get fueled on missions and
so I have four F for fuel that's that's
good goodish here and getting some nice
repair points here sometimes this game
is slow go back and fight no mochi I
will not go back and fight all right
Mario Mario get back to your pilot
position for some reason Rory Tatum is
Rory Tate is slightly damaged heal
yourself we need you at full out I'll
get back in there hmm we're still
streaming yes OS oh we are still
streaming I can't believe it either
what time is that it's twist a quarter
after 12:00 sweet jeebus
alright let's see how far we can make it
here we're doing this we're gonna take
the long way taking the long way open we
get fuel along the way nothing
man we're just gonna be drifting in the
nebula that's how we die oh my god
nothing we die drifting in the nebula
one more jump left Oh arrived to the
sight of two slugs ships and
communication range they don't see you
you overhear their conversation and
learn they're planning to raid an
infamous and likely wealthy pirate ship
in the area the pair jump off and you
note down their target coordinates one
jump left motherfucker well let's hope
there's fuel of this let's hope there's
fuel at this fight
I've decent doors so I'm gonna try to
suffocate them while my guys get in here
to help power charge up my weapons that
didn't do very much good charge up them
weapons get them weapons charge all
right oh they can't hurt me they can't
hurt me at all
priority number one destroying their
medbay
done priority number two killing them I
want to take away one there we go all
right and let the killing of the slug
people begin slug people are not very
good fighters and their weapons are
doing absolutely jack shit to my ship a
straight-up fucking them they're just
gonna keep coming in here it'll be a
nice easy fight oh my oh my guys need to
repair maybe he'll let him try to repair
their health bay that's fine they ain't
gonna do it I got all the time in the
world I'm even gonna take this perfect
take him right over there
not even a firearm he loved all it took
I'm a med bay just I'm a med bay like I
give a fuck
oh no they fixed their my bitch that I
really should have been paying attention
to all right but that's okay
reload my weapons I have a decent
cooldown time on my teleporters so I'll
be able to teleport them back wait for
the cooldown to run down on my
teleporters they can't hurt me anyway
there's their weapons are of no use
against me so then black and laser boom
and you know we do we tell for right
back in there now you're fucked 9 bucks
and I get your ship I'm gonna take your
ship and I'm gonna make it mine use your
bathrooms you can't do nothing about it
that's right
Shazaam come on back guys you did a
great job everybody
everybody you did a great job let's heal
up what do you say Kiran who are you
you're my weapons that's what you are
all right oh my god stop the jump
what can we hear tea towel McHale lady
you cannot Jack listen to the Janet why
what whoa
what chad is delayed yeah yeah chance a
little or you know like I'm delayed how
about the machines no yeah like I was
they tell you if their ship is about to
jump so you do all like if your people
are on board and their ship jumps away
you lose your people big risk
Oh to fuel needed that one too I can
even do that I'm gonna do that that's
risky but I'm gonna do it attack be
automated yeah absolutely so now I don't
my teleporters are kind of useless now
so we're going to put all of our eggs
into
and and then I don't think they can hurt
me with the weapons they have we'll see
but we'll see
and you never know
well now they definitely can't hurt me
easy bees easy peasy boom boom boom boom
boom
yes gotta take away these piloting
stations normally I would be
concentrating on like their drone
control but their drones aren't doing
this shit to me so I say fuck it pump up
the jam no Tito oh yes some extra fuel
some extra jams oh this is great let's
get out of here let's get out of here
jump to the next sector
abso-fucking-lutely that's great and
that's uh
I even in light I did shit Beaumont
great for some reason I don't have my
save like I'm playing this on the
windows partition of my drive but for
some reason Steam did not hold on to my
save and I don't know why okay what's
going on here
what do I need
should probably spend some money on some
extra powered bars just to get all the
jams up and running
all right let's jump let's do this stick
in the nebula
jump into the middle of a plasma storm
multiple recently incapacitated ships
loom in the shadows briefly eliminated
bed lighting anytime you have a blue
option that's the option you choose
because my pilot because Mario Mario a
has such skill I think we can get out of
here within the ships graveyard you find
one ship that seems relatively untouched
on board you find an unconscious
passenger and take him back to ship once
awake they offer to join your crew in
thanks and our new crew member has super
shield ability yes excellent
tres Jen Trez gin you are the first subscriber I
saw so you get to be our new shields
expert shake low you are removed from
shield duty and I'm sorry
Trenton is now on shields I don't know
if I can upgrade my shields
all right quest minor forget what that
quest was Wow
I can't leave you Tita delays in my head
alright let's um yeah I do want to up my
shields I want to get the three tier
shields soon but I also want to get out
of here so I want to see if there's a
store nearby before I do any of that jam
an especially well-armed pirate ship
approaches you hand over one of your
crew members and the rest of you can go
free we will never surrender one of our
crew to slavers absolutely okay get
shields back up and running
yeah weapons online
and get teleporters online alright so
what are we gonna do they don't know
they don't have a med bay but they do
have a cloning bay which means once we
kill them a clone comes back so that's
the thing we want to take care of first
and foremost Jesus Christ Oh actually I
guess I want to take care of drone
control oh fuck it he's not gonna hurt
us for the time being get rid of drone
control
Jesus Christ mr. every single shot
alright let's let's keep drawing control
out of commission for a little bit
because I'm doing terribly well but
they're beaten they're beating them
there we go I get my guys back get my
guys back
keep that drone control under under
wraps I'm gonna kill one guy at least
there we go yes we surrender take one of
our slaves as tribute accept their offer
excellent
hey slave go fix that area you two shake
low Kiran is the gunner Kieran's been a
human fucked up at that time let's call
it what it is but we'll take it but
we'll take it you know I know I only
have one more fuel left I need a store I
need a store I know I know
only a matter of time before there's an
accident right okay
great we got some people now we got some
people oh we have a new oh that's right
that's right we have a new maybe new
person
I'm a good slave okay Billa hecka you
are you are our new slave bill hacker
melodica or bill Billy hecka Billy akka
is our new slave welcome to the crew
Billy okay
alright all of our jams are covered
we're good we're good we're good
no store in sight oh so we just got to
do a blind jump here hope we can get
some fuel small red ball
right oh you know what no no medbay
that's great
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna kind of damage them a little bit
we can we want to take out some of their
weapons I'll send over our goons
what the fuck was that oh my god enemy
FTL is charging I didn't even notice
that their FTL is charging there you go
Billy hacker help help fix
there you go okay I have to I'll go away
excellent fuck oh my god oh my god
everything is terrible we're gonna we
might die here because we lost their
shields oh my fuck it's like a it's like
a pulse it's like a oh my god
we're so boned yes accept their offer
goddamnit Jesus Christ that was terrible
it was absolutely terrible alright
alright let's let's get repairing let's
get repairing here oh my god that was so
fucking close I know I need help I have
one huh oh Jesus Christ I'm gonna fix
everything first obviously heal up
everyone
oh my sweet Jesus Christ fucking fuck I
need a store I need a store so fucking
bad why aren't you working
Jake hello go here Jacob go here
Shaco go here why are you going yeah you
fucking sick it's not working
I'm living in a little bit go fucking
here
there go all right let's heal up some
people yeah a few you know feel I get
back to your positions
ah let's jump a store you guys there's a
store there is a goddamn store Jesus
sweet Jesus fuck oh that's great that is
absolutely great all right let's be
smart about this let's buy some fuel and
let's fix up to green that'll get us
good and I should be able to bias I
think that gets us one more of this guy
which will be very very helpful
great great shields back engines full
Jesus Christ yes Rory Tate you're
absolutely right this is why FTL's the
greatest game that was seeing the store
thereafter I needed it so badly was an
emotional experience
I actually I just needed to like just
sit back here and take a sip of beer
oh my god okay okay
actually actor J that's a good question
I wonder why there aren't any just any
general red letter media pint glasses I
will bring that up to Mike and J next
time I the next time I see all right
well you know fuck it we're over here
let's do this quest
I do need eventually I need a better
weapon looking for an escort to a nearby
system sure okay if you'll find on
alright let's see what this quest marker
is all about ketchup at the to slug
chips oh that's right
suddenly the first chip burst into
flames and an urgent call arrives from
the remaining slugs we suggest you
distract the pirate vessel while we
retrieve the valuable 50/50 split fuck
the slugs I'm going for the cash eh
this might have been a really bad
decision but this was the decision that
was made
all right big important thing taking
care of their med bay
yes all right
now we teleport there just say fucking
let's start killing their dudes killing
their dudes that's what word it's all
about killing dudes
and make sure they can't get away from
us that's important how did they repair
and back here how did they repair
fuck get pockets oh they're hurting us a
little bit but well I think we can take
them I think we can take them we can
definitely take a shit but we might not
be able to take it in a good way we
might not be able to take it in the way
we want to take it which is there we go
he'll try to take let's try to take this
shit all right
oh crap there's fire
laughter oh my god
there's a rock crewman it's like getting
out of here getting out of here now
we're just we're just gonna take the
ship as soon as I can teleport these
guys back we're just taking the ship
actually now if I get fuck it fuck it
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it get back
here not worth losing guys over there we
go
okay oh shit oxygen I see I see that our
oxygen is running out I'm on it I'm on
it I'm on it
Oh two is out I see I see him fixing
that was a close one fix that oxygen yo
get back in here all right shake low
heal yourself heal yourself shake it off
get back in here boy alright not great
but we got some stuff not a great run
I'll take it
alright ade the civilian ship if I could
take on the Pirates I need better
weapons
my problem need some better weapons
we're gonna fuck this guy up
get these guys back to the teleporter
room
that
here you intern fixer fix arrow too
that's great great great
yes okay we're going to take the ship
we're gonna do it
oh I see I see what's happening
okay
I see what's happening I did not see
that there was an intruder on board
that's okay he's fucked and that
everybody yes
there we go okay great Oh what great
swarm missiles I don't know what that is
but it sounds great
what the fuck is an ro to fix yet shake
low B and turn over here is taking a
sweet goddamn time no all right shake
low heal myself Kremen heal myself Mario
Mario heal myself
I everyone back to your shit what do we
got here
all right if given time to prepare the
swarm launcher can replicate multiple
warheads missiles transfer charge backup
recharge she amazing that's great that
sounds like just what we need
actually it's a really fuck some shit up
that sounds great
we have missiles we have missiles and we
have yeah that's great all right great
but some
let's do this let's do de-stress here
quiet well I can almost want to do quest
because there might be this one of these
might be a store yeah a stupid quest
let's do quest I need to hunker down
you're absolutely right
I walked right into their trap guys
okay and that's fine i I'm fine with
walking right into their trap because we
gonna fuck him up cuz we absolutely
gonna fuck them up oh no oh no fuck I
was not paying attention to my boarding
party
get back here
get back here horrible rock monster
shake low you are new you are the new
boarding party alright fuck
losing a mantis like that that is no way
that is no way to be there you go
there yeah
oh no fuck them they led me into a trap
I can go fuck themselves you know it's
surrender I got this I got this
I got this I'm I mean I'm dying I get
that I'm dying but I also got this I'm
taking this ship I want to take this
ship
I dislike they fucked me the way they
did it's bound to murder them with my
hands there we go
even though we lost remember
she was a person I know I know listen I
feel I mean I feel bad that I lost my
warrior but you know this is the this
was the price get over here why are you
fucking there this was the price paid
you know you serve on this crew we have
it we have a more noble mission than
just in general riffraff he's lost April
I know I'm very sorry back to James
shake low fix that shit and you get back
to the boarding party fix the doors you
fix them doors then get bail
come here fuck get over there get over
there yo fuck upgrade your shields yeah
well let me see things uh oh there's a
store no we gotta go to the store first
thing that the store has to offer
I already have pretty sweet weapons
these are drones so that doesn't do me
any good let's yeah let's upgrade
shields while we can here
free shields is nice go back to the
store fix all we can everything a cell
no great great I think we're in pretty
good shape here I think we are in pretty
good shape
let's go let's get out of here
I'm sorry that it's 8 a.m. there and
you're waiting for me to die I'm waiting
for me to die too it's almost 1:00 in
the morning here you recognize the ship
as a well-known slave trader he hails
you an offer to laborers for cheap
actually this really doesn't matter
because I have no I don't have a full
crew because I just lost some people
let's use our teleporter you teleport
you teleport away and away team onto
their hold and sense of free their
prisoners they're able to get one
prisoner before becoming quickly bla bla
now we gotta fight great extra crew
member
extra crew member hurrah
come on her
I can I can't change it now but that's
what's gonna be
they can't do nothing they can't do
nothing with their peepees so I'm just a
fucker we're gonna teleport over there
and I start beating the shit out I'll
live with Cheerilee beat the shit out of
it jizz they can't do nothing they can't
get through my shields so I'm just gonna
punch them I'm gonna punch him really
hard until they're dead
that's how I am bring him back and
they're all heal then we just wait we
just wait to punch more bitches it'll be
great
and continue punching this is the joy of
having three shields so that's it
only go away there we go
find a number of slaves in the cargo
hold they look at you questioningly and
ask and one ask if they're to be least
you could to use more crew but you don't
want to force them all to work actually
I do I don't know if I can use more crew
I probably want the Mantis oh look at
that fight skills absolutely you know
what we're gonna do it dismiss you Anson
you don't bring anything to the table
the Mantis brings fighting power
phone rings yeah sorry Johnson did I say
it was her oof
huruf you joined the crew and her roof
you are now part of our boarding party
sorry shake low you have been demoted
back to doors that's an important job if
we ever get boarded you know it's
important to have someone there to work
the doors
apologize let's get out of here and I
think we're gonna stick to green and
we're gonna stick green and easy all
right we got some weapons we've got some
shields I guess we're just gonna scrap
it up so we can boost up all of our so
we can boost up all of our ship over
here
see here we see a weapon rebel ship
waiting nearby undoubtedly stationed to
look for you let's fuck it out fuck it
out don't you say
now we're gonna wait and we're going to
destroy their medbay before we teleport
on
don't work that time they're not aiming
they're not aiming properly anyway come
on
we need to do we need to swarm them
we're gonna try one more time you're not
hitting us anyway
there we go
okay now we can get it now killer just
gonna try to take out their engines to
make sure they can't get away on us an
important thing oh and they are hitting
us which is not very nice of them do you
think about it get my guys out of there
and we're back guess what bitch in fact
done in fact son we got you shit we're
gonna take a shit that's a shit do
something about it the first thing I'd
like to do is upgrade dem teleporters as
I use them a lot ah sure
great great extra power bar I'll take it
I'll take it
Jeff de-stress let's do it shit we are
running low on fuel
alright you have encountered a refugee
ship drifting in space it looks as if it
was fleeing the rebel bands hail them ah
Zoltan well great well fucking great the
big thing about the Zoltan is we can't
teleport on until we get rid of their
Zoltan shield so we're gonna just do
that as quickly as possible
oh there you go well then you fucked son
we can take out first let's take out
take out this jammer
hey Billy Jack go fix our oxygen
Nigeria Nigeria no ask agenda get you
out of there I do with that oxygen Billy
the greatest let's let's fire at their
weapons once just a little bit
beforehand there you go alright now we
got him we got him got nothing bum bum
bum easy easy
mother fucking lemon squeezy that's
great that's working great Billy you did
a great job fixing that oxygen couldn't
have done it without you except for go
in here I'm adding some mouse trouble
can't offer here you fuck Kimmy I think
this means that it's getting too late
where apparently I'm right click there
we go it's not fucking Morgan
nope oh my god we might have to call
this it's one o'clock it's one o'clock
in the morning we're gonna call this
this is a really good run we can just we
can continue I can save and quit and I
think we have to do that because it is
just too late and it's too late
Oh
it has three floating heads what I don't
know what that means
listen yeah we are gonna pick this up
though
and even if I have to stream tomorrow if
I have to play it out I can't I can't
play at it anymore I'm literally I was
losing the ability to right-click so I'm
gonna save and quit boom
I just did it now you all you see is a
black screen and I apologize for that
I really thought that something else
would show up here
I saved and quit
I will pick up this very game and you
know maybe maybe I'll have some time
tomorrow and I'll just do that it'll be
an impromptu stream tomorrow but is yeah
just too late it's too late tonight so
that'll be hit for now thank you guys so
much for coming out and I will I will
see you either to either tomorrow the
next day and we'll finish up this run of
FTL it's it'll be great it'll be so
fucking great I got a new follower
you get a new follower game great
good night everybody
