Episode 039
Dark Sauls (with Rich, Jack & Jay) Part 1
September 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0L8C_bfH0MQ
___________________________________________

okay here we are guys
you should be here you hear game swoop
ease now maybe well I don't even so Jim
there was one just there okay good
you guys should be hearing some game
swoop ease well I'm not in Jace
headphones right so well when we're
going to do is do a quick audio test
here to make sure you're here and shit
and then do you want to start rich yeah
yeah
rich is going to start playing Dark
Souls prepare to die edition oh I should
give a shout out really quick um I'm
gonna I'm gonna try not to say shout out
too often but I'd really like to thank
rile er R Ayler sent me the game and I
really appreciate that so thank you you
hear Scoobies I'm hearing you talk in
here and you guys talk here so I'm
horribly disoriented that's okay I think
that's working okay well let's go oh
yeah you hear Sweet Pea Scoobies great
hype X&Y; nice why is up anon yeah yeah
we are using a controller so rich is
obviously doing all of his
customizations here here we go guys it's
happening it's happening it's working
it's working the Star Wars Episode one
The Phantom Menace Thank You Jay have
you seen that movie The Phantom Menace
yeah III went to the midnight the
midnight showing of that oh my god I
even dressed up with my friends oh yeah
yeah I did
and then we all left the screening going
yeah well it's just the first one you
know there's there's a lot of exposition
I bet the second one's gonna be a lot
better yeah yeah
they just have to get a bunch of story
out oh my god we get to create a
character you're you're talking about
shit I'm just doing this that's great we
get to create a character guys
controller WTF the game tells you to
play with a controller don't don't be a
dick the it says it's best when playing
with literally only here what do we want
to go with your um I mean this is up to
you rich this is your play I know I know
ah he knows I don't know if I should be
describing all this shit or they can see
it thief
Oh rich wants to be a thief maybe maybe
oh you should definitely be him no I'm
just gonna be a pharmacist try a night
what the hell sure kind of made a normal
normal character
oh you're not being a lorge Sophie I saw
that too whoever whoever is doing like
the alien Jimmy James knock that out but
it's funny see ya if you keep doing
something that's horribly annoying
that's funny yeah yeah see I should be
talking when I'm doing this but I don't
know what anything does ah all right
physique oh you just keep doing that
yeah we'll hang out and talk oh oh I
wanted to talk about loose trousers
because someone mentioned it earlier in
the stream
I got loose trousers for my Vita and I
was really excited because it looks like
a really neat and interesting game you
know your your gut pile it you you have
to you have to fight aircraft carriers
and stuff like that and it is the
purchase I think I regret the most in my
entire life I spent $10 on this game and
after a couple of hours I was so bored
with it which game was this luftrausers
really really master key I don't know
that me mastery say it's important all
right
all right we will go back and change
that plane based on what people are
telling you to do though or should we
try to ignore that type of stuff ah
with the helmet go on instinct cuz I
don't know what a hide my instincts
worth nothing I don't know what that
opens any basic clock that seems like a
pretty important skill
okay master key all right all right fine
let's step or don't look start the game
with this character okay yeah also we
know that we cannot save but we didn't
want to deal with that Windows Live
fuckery and so it's just like fine we
don't care we're just gonna play the
fucking game you're just gonna keep
playing yeah will stream anyway so
exactly had to save us you're gonna come
back to it another day but I'm guessing
the problem I will just fight it by
myself but then I'll worry about our
shit yeah unless there are limited lives
then we're fucked
dad it's fine everything's fine are
there are there oh let's need a dragon
thing oh my god there is plan fire this
is very important
yeah I'm sure everybody everybody hey
Kawai mecha stop it with that shit
that's dumb what's he doing he's doing
like this that's like a character in the
chat stuff stop it but it's a lair yes
it's very funny you can do a thing with
the thing now stop it they'll never stop
except I did yes I moved the mouse icon
sorry about that
I found the souls of Lords within the
should I skip cutscenes how important is
the story to this game probably not very
neat the first and just we'll keep
playing it a key planet oh this looks
neat the bridge of Isaac
can see this is why I can stream on my
own is I'm just sitting here silent
quiet as a mouse
I'm staring at this fucking game I
should be at least describing what I'm
doing but no I can't even manage that
yeah see if you
the dragon
No
it was all looks very neat yeah very
excited sorry if we're not talking to
the story but uh when I comment on it I
guess I knew what was going on if I knew
the story I had a time sure Oh someone
just asked I was killing American style
we had March detail from the director of
samurai cop we will we will want we will
we're very excited about it if that
helps someone congesting what video
games I play I don't play anything
J is not a gamer I played I was before
but we did that last string yeah we
played Sonic what was the last game you
play the online perfect strangers game
that's it before before that I don't
know probably a Nintendo 64 game way way
back I'm shocked you had a Nintendo 64
oh yeah
I was sorry when I started to lose
interest in playing video games up LB
n64 era
well the n64 was a piece of shit shut
the fuck up the n64 is great have one
good game it had tons of good game into
a two good games what's your two good in
64 games Mario 64 and oq dove time flew
to Thailand of time what about smash
brothers fuck Smash Bros what about
Mario Kart fuck Mario Kart wow what
about Goldeneye fuck whale and I
everybody liked Mario can use a mouse
and Goldeneye it was a shooter no you
couldn't use mouth-fuck Goldeneye
oh oh hey it looks like we might be
playing I am NOT finally playing again
this is exciting this is exciting
yes no I'm not playing games okay
yeah Majora's Mask you know I never got
into majora's mask I think I was too
young I think I was too young to get it
I would I would be interested in
replaying now that I am an adult and I
admitted a previous stream that I
avoided Majora's Mask the superficial
reason that I think young link is a
fucking ugly character model
this is your fate I want to kill
something oh nice catch J so this is
this is a beekeeper yeah this is a bad
environment to get absorbed into a story
for so you know we can get absorbed in
the story later once we I think yeah
this is one of those games where the
story doesn't matter as much as the game
point and it looks like we might start
playing soon which I'm very excited
about I was a neat looking night yeah
the the opening cinematic to Dark Souls
is a little boring oh whoa oh that's it
okay oh I'm moving Rich's moving guys
what is this pillage corpse sure why not
dungeon silky yeah you did it we won the
game guys congratulations we cannot go
home what would read message
oh so tutorial mystic okay great all
rights the camera controls a message
right RB is attack that's weird attack
button Oh
Oh what's a thing yeah that's a monster
you have to kill that monster oh hey you
did it oh I'm making sure everyone says
this game is supposed to be hard so I'm
not taking any chances
hey suck in my foot
all right don't okay so far left stick
hold be today okay these are helpful
strong attack is the right trigger okay
okay so you have like light attack
strong attack dad what's your favorite
movie by Ridley Scott here's the thing
you should know about me I'm really I'm
really bad at remember
please Scott movies I hate runner my
money in
I like Blade Runner I like alien so
there are Prometheus review some people
were saying that I was sucking Ridley
Scott's dick but I'm really not the big
Ridley Scott fan I love alien yeah but
you don't like boy Diamond seen them I
actually don't like Blade Runner and the
math me but it's loves a
gorgeous-looking movie myself
yes sleep board well it's you know it's
if you're not into like the new are the
detective story and I I just never got
into the story then probably hate you
know but I hate you now I've tried it's
almost lots of love that movie you
should have loved I start watching it
was like this looks amazing huh but like
twenty thirty minutes in I I just can't
do it anymore
really I've tried so many times to like
that movie but I just have to come to
accept the fact that I don't okay but it
is a great I you know what
I accept your difference of opinion and
and acknowledge that people have
different opinions and that's okay
that's a really bizarre stance to take
yeah I know I'm sorry to be calling me
horrible things right now
I should be but but we're friends and we
have difference of opinion sometimes I I
really like later I watch by Turner
every once in a while just just because
I and I would like a lot of really slow
for a movie yeah what it is about
blazing under that I just don't get into
that's very strange
yeah it is boring III get it look but it
looks great but it is boring oh it's
slow but I will you know boring boring
has a negative connotation it's slow
like Star Trek the motion picture is
boring I love that move off fuck you
like that that's the only Star Trek
movie that's a Star Trek story yeah
unknown thing exploration discover
what's going on no you know why it's a
Star Trek star because they took a 20
minute story and stretched it out to an
hour and a half it's so fuck oh my god
oh my god alright alright oh shit I
found it doc but
okay okay I got this I don't got this
one Bogg also nobody friend me now I
thought I'd disabled steam overlays but
apparently I didn't so nobody friend me
or else your name is gonna be seen on
the stream yeah Asylum Demon fucker oh
that's a cool monster get out of the way
oh I'm so dying yeah I mean you're
probably gonna die hit him
rats run to the left run to Daddy rich
is gonna be too busy dying
yeah there you got okay that's what you
do in this game you got it oh my god I
don't like time with one little sliver
of his help log I did terrible ok
Terramar where he was one more shot and
I'm gonna pass it off the jack okay
that's great get him you're supposed to
run run away run away you don't fight
him yet
oh is what they say right to the to the
left we listen we hear you you also have
to understand that your comments come in
about like 10 seconds after we do two
things so just be patient
Oh having to run from the monster I love
that that is sooo novel
bonfire lights what uh what's it what
does that do
oh you can rest in gain health oh nice
okay does it cost you anything to light
one like should I have waited I think
that work is a chokeslam
Oh oh my god aah oh God
you got an arrow in your ass get your
shield where is my shield get it Oh was
it
okay I think I saw a shield okay you
just gotta get past me hero guy I don't
want to okay
oh that looks nope that's a corpse don't
pillage when he's the corpse probably
has the shield okay hey guys we're to
hang in now this is podracing oh you
just you just killed my buzz Jack Jack
is that a reference to Star Wars Episode
one the Phantom innit no it was a
reference to the podracing n64 game Oh
Lacey then the game uh-huh
did you I don't I have no fucking idea
I'm sure I'm sure at one point right all
right it's equipped how do I use it
huh how do I use it ah that's a good
question one of the other triggers okay
okay so what what uses it the left
triggers here left trigger oh ah can't
get me now fuck you should let left
bumper left trigger I think it's a
shield whack oh cool
oh yeah
now you have to change your equipment
though yeah have you been playing with a
broken sword this whole time well I saw
you start with oh that's really funny I
like that I've been half paying
attention in a freaking the stream so
now this is soul collecting that's funny
that's a vintage milk that was a good
joke you win I'm liking it my steam ID
is har Lac but don't friend me now or
else people will see you because I
didn't turn off steam overlay I thought
I did but apparently it still pops up so
if you friends me now people will see
your steam name just a heads up people
are asking about the interstellar
trailer I haven't even seen it I don't
even know what it is so is that new
Christopher Nolan that's the one where
it goes back in time to get corn oh you
were telling me about that that's right
I know next to nothing about it I don't
really care I don't know we'll see
hey Gabrielle you're my friend now and
everyone knows it close har la ck oh my
god a review of El Topo or the only
moment I'll do a review right now
they're great oh fuck
hold on a second guys
me pause laughs I ain't oh that's funny
yes I'm just gonna I know I know I'm
doing awful here can I break that open
yeah maybe whatever um I'm gonna have so
many steam friends I don't bring you
right now everyone's friending me right
now so I tried to like fix it really
quick to turn off the overlay I don't
know how to turn off the overlay so all
your names are gonna be seen by everyone
they want they want more friends oh okay
they've won you're you're helping them
oh well that's fine I like friends do I
fight it now that I have shields that's
a good quote oh all right I'm gonna try
fight it now I don't know if I'm
supposed to but that's what I'm gonna do
I'm we're gonna do that blocked by some
contraption oh don't wait don't you have
a thing that picks locks you have a
special ability dad oh well parenting up
well me
item item no Len Kaczynski does not work
at Petsmart I I don't I think did we ask
him about the pet smart comment in his
credits can he never worked there I
don't remember if we even asked him but
we did ask him about it and he never
gave us a real answer no Len is a is a
has a real job that is not at Petsmart
he has a job that's like really cool and
makes him an even cooler guy yeah um
then you would imagine but maybe I mean
he he has oh he has dogs and so I just
think oh maybe just his buddies of the
pen smart people yeah we talked about
dogs a lot he have German shepherds
ah with Len and
oh my god we need to stop this I thought
I'd turned off all those notification
you know how to do that no I don't
remember I've had it off for so long
it's just naturally that way I guys just
stop for any me cuz when you want to see
the game friend me later this is why I
don't like this social shit okay ah I
don't know what I'm doing now I need a
way out of here and you can't you don't
have like any abilities to do anything
almost like a fashion open I need to
find the contraption but that's not it
oh you have like a little attack yeah
yeah oh that's cool
you need a contraption can you go back
the way you came and see if you can find
something which way did that come from
I don't know that way yeah go that way
this is the way I came from now on there
is the beginning of the game and I am
completely backtracking yeah well you
need a thing right why I have no reason
to believe there's a thing down here I
did well there's a thing I came from
here and there were no things there's
not a thing up there Oh see look there's
the thing that's a monster
well it's something it's something you
get to kill
ah someone changing eBay a Roberts
that's funny you people are funny
sometimes internet people target oh wait
how do you target people right right
click right right they click right stick
like this I hate those buttons those are
so awkward you know you can I wouldn't
use it I would never use that for
something as vital as targeting you can
probably tell you to go up the stairs
right up the stairs so I am going to
runway and Jack was wrong yeah well
surprise surprise
Jack was wrong I just want to know that
everybody sorry yeah absolutely yeah
yeah my nervous waiting Jack was wrong
yes I have many hours of tf2 I think
we've talked about this guy come to
Mexico Jay don't go to Mexico for that
Mexico
don't go to Mexico J what happens in
Mexico
um you party all the time party all the
time so how's that bad okay yeah go to
Mexico okay I'm gonna go right now all
right later bye jack I'm trying I'm up
the ladder now what okay he's up the
ladder what do we do now what do I do
oh no this is gonna turn it so what do I
do next kind of I don't know what else
to do okay Jack didn't yeah is this
that's not with those backwards it's a
trap we're looking for hints here guy
okay we are ready for hints the room
with the lock the door two sets of
stairs I think well yeah that's not
helping me you know what did I go up
those stairs before oh there's more
stairs
I might have oh there we go no I think
there's a locked door up here maybe it
of there's bad guy nice block nice block
I thought you don't like a special
unlocking thing ability I'm suing this
just for chest or something I don't know
it says the boulder Evans the Boulder
the boulder made a hole down here after
it chased me is that what happened oh
thank you guys ah Thank You Koren you
know it's like being in a theater for a
horror movie with a bunch of noisy
people um yeah don't go in that room but
it's kind of helpful in this situation
yeah
oh no I was listening to you and I
didn't read that what do you say uh oh
my goodness eh ah yes this is why you
have headphones on rich
image to the land
Lorde's will now ring Isabella oh one
more thing
yeah take this mr. Jack if you set your
scheme friend status to offline it might
stop the notifications oh that's a good
idea thank you you play video games why
don't you know these things I usually I
don't have that many friends okay that's
fair enough
um hold on a moment guys I'll be right
back apparently Jake Lloyd odd steam
streams Dark Souls all the time yeah
yeah oh great whatever he's the famous
actor from jingle all the way I see what
you did whoa yeah I don't know how to do
anything how do I do this
oh here we go hmm
go away I can't I can't get to it
because so many people are friending me
Allah we're getting there
oh my god stop it oh my god stop it I
I will friend people if you all agree to
send me free games free games and rich
Evans will friend you on Steam oh wow
someone says Jake Lloyd likes red letter
media when we met Jake Lloyd he had no
idea who the hell we were or he was it
was at least pretending not to know
maybe he learned after the fact it could
be yeah because when we met him the star
wars RVs are out but that was when we
just started half in the bag yeah so but
we had him sign we had him sign an
autograph and we said to make it out to
red letter media just to see what his
reaction would be but he didn't know
that we work okay I'm now offline oh my
god you're getting down here well uh
yeah that the headphone course very long
oh you want my mind sure yeah I want to
switch shot that way sit and be
comfortable be comfor
because they can become as I'm dying
whore with it okay I am now offline on
Steam thank you for that have there been
any responses to my free game extortion
racket I don't know
this goes by so quick I don't even know
I'm sure what games do you want rich
make a wishlist rich I'll make a wish
list Oh sad how did you get the guy got
a key I'm assuming it's for the store no
that's not for this dog hey what's this
down here it might be for the gate then
right because the gate was also locked
that's locked by some contraption all
right so I need to find another door yet
oh not the stairs there's that gate all
right all right we're going back fine
word do we gothis guys we fucking made
on this maybe you don't even know how I
guess I guess that's this door just a
normal door key all right yeah all right
okay back up this yeah we're in there we
are getting there guys okay it's like if
you more strengthen that's beat Oh
what does it do oh yeah yeah we gotta
keep track of that left stick
okay okay that's weird
oh sorry oh and I left the mouse on
screen again sorry guys we got it off
now
oh my god I like this game but it's a
lot to get used to
in fear J I know that means give beer
you know those three words give beer J
maybe they're saying you should donate
your beard to the less fortunate
no no it's Jays beard it's mine I grew
it result you guys see edge of tomorrow
no I honestly I'm is it out I didn't
even know which one it says the Tom
Cruise one oh that one looks that one
looks and I saw the trailer it actually
looks interesting I can't decide if it
looks interesting or silly maybe it's
both and that's okay that's bold didn't
his last movie look interesting though
what was his last sigh fine oblivion
yeah bloody and was very good no but it
looked interesting before you actually
saw the movie yeah
give Jack bald someone already did
someone already did that was God yeah
gave it to me in high school I started
leave you a bad case of mold
I started bombing in high school yeah
well I mean obviously not as bad as I am
now but was it like noticeable like the
people comments on it or anything when
you're in high school if I could know no
one noticed in high school but I could
just tell it was thinning like you know
cuz a bit like you're my hair like at
one point I had a glorious head of hey
oh my god what is that
I don't know traverse the white light do
it fucking do it oh my god that's great
oh my god what did you to Jack nothing
but Jays just doing something oh shit oh
shit oh shit you probably should not
have traversed that white leg alright
alright Jack you get to do this for okay
I'm just gonna get used to the buttons
here real quick guys
Oh probably want to do that heavy light
my sheet shield shield bang which I've
never connected with Cyril and then
right trigger locks on does left trigger
do anything now okay oh and then not
wise let you double hand wield your
sword oh okay I I'm assuming it gives
you stronger hits that you like the lego
movie right do like know my high I love
it as well and you okay you guys hold
like it I haven't seen which way my gone
rich um oh I got killed in then this way
uh yeah okay my god like a movie if if
you're into Legos the lego movie you
will wreck you I don't know where you're
saved you might want to go through that
opening and talk to that guy again I'm
not sure word turn around I just want to
do this oh I love how clung keys role is
cuz that is please denied exactly that's
exactly how someone wearing all this
armor would roll just like boom just to
just press it without doing the
direction Oh a little bit quicker oh
nice okay rich do you like Wind Waker I
think I love winwaker right okay that's
like my my first or second favorite
Zelda game possibly behind Link to the
Past okay what system is that um when
doing some GameCube games you but they
just re-released it in HD for the Wii U
yeah but there's no way I'm paying $250
how much is the Wii U 305 for a new
fucking we use just for that yeah agreed
Oh up here
don't jump oh okay
right-click the right thumb yep there
you have to click it once and then I
haven't played around that there's a way
to parry I'm assuming I'm assuming
that's the second shield button after a
hit but I haven't pulled that off yet
actually it's one of these messages says
how to do it okay Irina hostages yeah
what about link awakening Link's
Awakening yeah I haven't I think I
played it once Link's Awakening is tough
because saving is really hard and now
and that was the game boy one right yes
yeah to save it you have to press Start
select a and B off the same time hate it
okay oh yeah we know that already
left stick but oh yeah there's a whole
bunch of stuff sounds like you're trying
to learn all this stuff while there are
people watching you sure it's really
really awkward left stick
rich what's your favorite comic um voice
you man what about a spider-man fan been
in my second favorite put my actual
favorite comic series aspiring to be my
favorite character favorite comic series
might be preacher oh really
I love preacher I've heard lots of good
stuff about preacher creatures creatures
good like a lot of things preacher is
good except for the ending the ending is
a horrible anticlimax it's not terrible
it's just a lot of build up to okay I'm
not understand this message this is a
left stick forward it well that button
forward or yeah trend
no not for Oh get out of here you have a
shield huh you ever shield well listen
I'm trying to figure out how okay
they're watching us
yeah I don't know oh okay yeah you go
this is all about oh my god it's awesome
that was
in fact I want to do that smart gonna
get you nope well you should walk onto
him first
they're going to kill by the arrows yeah
I'm probably going to be to run they're
saying
I like that it's a no actually like that
it's kind of a clunky action game yeah
this game it it feels like you're
controlling marionette his movements are
always you know they're slow they're not
ultra responsive but somehow it it works
it makes you feel like a clunky night
left trigger repellent on attack after
right button okay bright button right
bumper left trigger right bumper I'm
assuming you have to be blocking with
the shield
oh you see that how did you pull it off
exactly is I he did it and I hit the
trigger and then when he was open you
blocking with the shield beforehand no I
was not blocking with the shield before
ok so just in the middle of one of his
attacks do the shield bash judicia bet
like I just timed it perfectly
hoping it's locked ok someone said if
lunch ever since he was playing this
game he would have beat it already
that's true
he would have potato the shit out of
these good evening potato and everybody
you know that's that's not true that's
just not true how did I have my help
thing before there is
ok not of my help I like led but he's
not Chuck Norris are you saying that
Chuck Norris is known for being very
good at video games yes
ok supposedly Chuck Norris is on being
very good at everything that's true
except sucking do it do it jack I'm
doing do it now you're gonna get killed
by this dragon what if I don't want to
jump no I think you should jump ah it
doesn't matter it's time for me shit run
run run run I'm Ronnie hold the B I am a
baby oh my god can I run away again like
you ran away didn't you hey yeah you got
a sword shield I'm assuming you're
supposed to fight it this time yeah
probably I probably can't parry him even
do some dodging I you know what I just
tried to best use some help no cuz help
oh shit I did use help oh oh you're
inaudible poisonous ok roll roll roll no
didn't real fast enough okay that's
alright roll bro
okay he didn't get me that time fuck
fuck fuck fuck I'm gonna hide behind
this pillar no it's not a good strategy
no it's not a good strategy I'm work
plunging attack is what they're saying
how do you do that which is the Osher
that doesn't jump
yeah that's lunge I died again Robocop
50 50 50 just chillin when that ever
comes to mind is Dead or Alive you're
coming to Bay but there I know that's
probably - bitches leave
oh yeah just the movie the movie in
general yeah bitches Lee Vincent Lee
Robocop himself I'm trying to think
about things he's said oh I don't know
the only thing I could think of coming
out of Robocop's mouth is better alive
you're coming with me but get in in the
movie bitches leave it just leave also
who cares if it worked
yeah pretty much any line said by the
the sleazy corporate guys is gold okay
yeah no we're good
I feel bad we're so bad at this no don't
worry about it oh I missed it no okay
okay that's bad yeah but now I'm gonna
get it taking us up no well yeah the
other guys here oh my god
I'm paid you've made this much more
complicated than it needed to be I'll
try anything
block block what I got it I got it
lock on and hit and hit and dead okay
great I think there's another guy over
here
for no particular reason this is
reminding me of Dragon's Lair
particularly them I think it's because
you're a slow clunky night okay sure
dies easy get out of here I was trying
to hit it with my shit you tried to get
fencing I did try to get France keep
dying to play so you take any particular
I was trying to hit him with my shield
you can't do that apparently I mean I'm
sure you can but I was doing it wrong
some are your first impressions of the
game so far fun cuz I barely been paying
attention to the actual yeah Jay you're
you know you're gonna have to play at
one point oh god oh how do we do this
stupid thrust that's I do set a thrust
that's a jump I'm trying to try the with
a bumper that's the kick okay I think
that's that yeah that's it for us he was
alright alright
that's the what they're talking about
and then you have to run away I'm sure
you do that and run away
um and I'm assuming it's more powerful
with the shield put away oh sure that's
the other thing right all right and the
shield won't do anything event against
the big bad guy I can only assume and
I'm all business no Rich's got this you
guys all business business in front
business in back bitches leave no good
time alright that's alright oh fuck it
nope it's already done
that's alright I am liking it even
though it's clunky that's the charm
that's the thing it's but it feels right
for the character because because he's a
slow stupid human being haha I think all
the mechanics are there and right um
it's kind of exactly what I expected
which is a really good thing which is a
couple of key move sets that you have to
learn remove armor to move faster Oh
move armor different class or you can
probably take his home you can write
that his off yeah under the equip thing
you can take
okay I thought that oh nice yeah that's
neat Richa Singh his first parry he's
really excited about it every lost power
what does that do exactly I don't know I
did it why does every enemy look like
Dobby the house-elf
that's really funny uh Dobby the
house-elf it's a hair it's a Harry
Potter thing Oh Oh is it that little guy
yeah okay they do kind of look like
Dobby all right I'm gonna go to the
bonfire then I'm gonna attack the dragon
the monster the demon thing oh you're
gonna go heal first is that the demon
soul is that what that is I don't know
probably so you know I've seen every
Harry Potter movie I said the last few I
would see in the theater and completely
fucking forget everything about it the
next day huh
passing deposit I think the reason
people watch like dumps it comes or it's
just a distraction I would see those
movies like that was pleasant enough and
then completely forget everything yeah
the only one that stuck with me a little
bit was I think the third one because
that was the one that was directed by
Alfonso Jerome werewolf in it yep and I
remember that a little bit more but
that's about it
we're always a positive outlook here on
the one who did you lot tango yeah that
was the third okay weird yeah that's the
one with you're the old derailment yeah
yeah that's the only one that has stuck
with me at all how do you remember I saw
the final movie I remember how it ends
if we go down the stairs if I'm looking
for the bonfire so I can regain that
health before I you have to go down the
stairs or jump don't jump probably
because there might be fall damage uh
what stairs we're the stairs I can't
find the dams to the left okay okay or
you can press X to use the healing
potion but why is the he I don't know I
don't want to waste a healing pads these
game have a right idea yeah this game is
supposed to your fire press X to heal
why no why wouldn't I want to use the
bonfire
possibly now you'd have to fight
everyone again everyone saying don't go
to the bonfire oh well guess what we
just did can you can you explain why not
I'm curious well well I guess we're
gonna find out hey but it was the
prisoner in Azkaban that was the one
that Jay likes yep all the enemies
respond that is he doesn't even that's
fine I can deal with some responding
okay but yeah so now we know hey guess
what guys that's how you play a game you
learn you learn by doing oh no some
saying don't listen to people talking
about the bonfires so maybe I'll have
you know if we should probably just
ignore whatever they're telling us to do
it just respawns all the enemies so he
has to fight them all again so he could
lose all the help that he just regained
um but with every pastor you get a
little bit better at fighting so it's
possible he might not lose anyhow this
run and I have so far so don't fuck
yourself wrong button I was great that's
just quick
I love his roles because it's just like
he falls down all right here we go
traversing the white light people we're
doing this yeah
going to handed now if you want Oh
plunge right now why not I'll get a kind
of
that plunged the jack shit
oh my god you are so long how to find a
place to go heal oh my god get out of
there
uh and you're dead so much for business
do you hate I feel like we did a lot
better that time
remove skeleton remove skeleton what
remove skeleton what no you missed I'm
you didn't plunge well how do i plunge
Oh like falling down is that what they
mean I don't know where's my shield goal
my steel vanished
Oh Preston oh oh fuck this we're
learning attack what you can attack
while falling okay is what people are
saying okay hmm okay why didn't they
just say that I don't know in about in
about 15 minutes we're gonna take a
little break
that's because that'll be an hour I
blame everybody else for my failure
sorry at all that's funny leave the
message in front of the door it tells
you how to punish okay oh okay
I mean well that was an actual helpful
coming no thank you
and I'm gonna fight this guy just
because I love you not bonfire we won't
bonfire this time I read the message by
the door press X to remove Skellington
this game is too spooky for me oh this
game is very spooky it is a neat looking
game I like the atmosphere of it yeah
how do you very much actually invade
attention how do you actually use the
health press the X button okay okay but
so now you can you can remove your armor
if you want to move faster no I don't
okay right button while falling plunge
it sorry okay guys we're plunge which
would you rather play this or watch
amazing spider-man 2 what oh no that
works yeah no I'll do it again at home
okay
oh my god now you're gonna see but now
your phone nice one nice one oh fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck oh fuck no
you're fine nope
run away
fuck run very much away no run away hi
it's easier said than done
Jan Hey look at how far you got him over
half full yeah yeah here you go that was
good that was a good run rich you can
blocky we can block Ajanta fucking thing
I don't believe I mean I I guess sounds
insane why double faces okay can we
parry can we parry the bad guy that
would be really helpful is there a thing
I can use to look at the chip I can't
there's no way I can read that oh good
tiny pinch on switch places
oh it's gonna use your oh yeah sorry
guys
pause ah this pains about demur even
it's not it is but it's not someone
suggested you play naked the thing they
don't understand is that you already are
well yeah more naked remove your skin
man they're talking about the guy oh
yeah edge I'm pretty sure I know if I've
learned one thing in my life is that
nobody wants to see me naked
I keep trying I just keep trying it it
never works you keep trying to get your
problem riches that you're trying to do
it in places like them all in grocery
stores like you can't just do it
unexpectedly really yeah people frown
upon that one can you do it um in a
closet with all the lights off that's
the best place oh my god
okay hi we're doing it here community
goobie all of this comments in this
there's no way to read them all it goes
so quick it makes you feel almost bad
but there's nothing I can do there's
just too many peeps Jimmy here's too
many people are all my peeps what's
wrong JD I'm probably saying yes great I
happen to like Easter candy okay this
does that okay you know what I'm gonna
do like you put in slo-mo does it please
please remove his skeleton well I guess
you can is Jack now so you can claim to
Jack for not removing the skull of D I
don't know what that means yeah we don't
know what that means
please remove skeleton is there a
skeleton in our inventory
I am unequipping all of my all of my
jams oh my God look at that I'm naked
here's our German guys see I don't I
don't know if I should tell people my
steam name that's up to you I'm not I
gotta warn y'all I'm not a very social
person like if you go to play a
multiplayer game with me I I like never
play multiplayer games
so it'd be like Oh almost a wasted
friend so you're like a zombie oh you
can move much faster now
can I get behind this nope okay get out
of here get outta here get out of here
you ain't got nothing okay I'm just
gonna kind of hide back here you got a
window in front of this screen you got a
window in front of your screen what yeah
oh I can't pause the game thank you
oh my god yeah the thing yeah the thing
oh god you guys the stream is going to
stop