Episode 040
Dark Sauls (with Rich, Jack & Jay) Part 2
September 2, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jv_i3iW92Q
___________________________________________

mics on game on hey guys we're back
alright thanks for thanks for hitting so
we were practicing a little bit while we
took a food break rich rich is playing
now we think we're ready to take on the
monster game thanks for waiting
soon here's a question you enjoy
watching us die repeatedly and get
terrible at this game should we should
we have played a game we know another
question
yeah also we don't know what remove
skeleton means you keep saying that and
that helps us in no way whatsoever I
know how to remove armor oh god damn you
yeah no the shield bash doesn't work on
him no oh you did the timing wrong
hey I would practice that shield bad
that shield bury things it's so cool
yeah you have to you know it's just
timing okay
I'm all business for the fourth time
there we go now if you see Sounders
working everything should be working
we'll see yeah you know what we we
already did remove the skeleton it's
totally removed remove that like three
times okay if you want you can um if you
click the little gear button you can pop
out in the chat so you can make a little
taller I'd want to know how they know
what's in my basement oh I get it
yeah no I get it that was funny
good wait like he was saying there's a
skeleton in his basement and he remove
remove it that was a reference to Star
Wars Episode one the fans
okay you know what the people want they
want beard Star Wars there's a skeleton
inside you remove it Mississippi this is
some sort of mean no it's maybe an
inventory thing Wow we'll see you both
see what we can do guys well you know
what we're on top of it I want to bury
him
fucker please the FPS guys I've you know
I don't know
what we're what we're looking for here
we're gonna go to the uma Tori right now
we're gonna look for a skeleton as far
as like you guys get in glitchy video
and whatnot we have according to open
broadcaster which is what I'm using we
have zero dropped frames and we are
rockin through what you know what we are
only doing 30 frames a second but I just
want to make sure you guys get a nice
stream so we might be able to go up to
60 I don't even know if the game is
playing at 60 frames a second but we are
not dropping any frames over here I see
nothing that says skeleton anywhere I
can only assume this is nonsense and
that's a very good assumption it's
probably a nonsense thing okay okay we
are doing this Mike is editing the next
half in the bag yes and also on a level
of fucks given about video games and
Mike gives negative yes and that's fine
say that is fine I just think yeah
yeah you know what I think I think J if
I were to describe your level of
videogames you you have you are
ambivalent towards video games you can
play them yeah I can have fun playin
right I never say you know what I want
to play a video game right whereas
someone like Mike just could care less
gen-i we rocked some turtles in time at
one time oh that's right that was the
last game I played before you play
turtles four five nine
when was that oh oh yeah there was that
board game night and you were to die
again yeah yeah but that's what you're
doing this game you die oh you got my
that's good I think it's nice
oh yeah
you've got him you got him
can you I get away into HIPAA I can't
nice nice gift
get him get do the dragon
oceans you got one humanity
good job ish I mean you did it you know
you got 2,000 of those things points
maybe those souls maybe their solos I
don't I don't know yeah we're just gonna
call them souls
what are you going down I don't know oh
where am I going now and I don't know
the stern of a date the birthday boy
yeah raise the jams now the real fight
begins that wasn't the real fight man I
didn't win the game he didn't win the
game thoughts on the ant-man thing I
think we we talked about this last dream
I was I'm I'm a little disappointed that
Edgar Wright is no longer making it
because I just think he's a good
filmmaker and I like it when he gets a
budget but I'm sure they'll find you
know for a moment they were talking it
was rumored that uh-oh Ed McKay that had
him at a day Oh God for like five
minutes
that Adam McKay was going to do it and
actually I was a little nervous because
a weird choice because this whole thing
is just shoot a bunch of stuff and then
make a movie and enemies right right the
giant barmal bill I would not want to
give him action yeah push you you know
offense I just you know he's never shot
an action see there's some okay stuff in
the other guys okay I'm gonna be sure
there's a okay action okay yeah you know
it's fine for Will Ferrell comment
yeah yeah I'm sure the people that
marvel have been doing good work they
will find someone to make a good movie
or they won't and it'll suck oh then
this important thing is that the reason
he loves is basically you know they want
an attempted you know follow these
specific things yeah Fornell these
reference to other Marvel movies that's
I kind of wore down Jon Favreau to is
that what happened yeah an Iron Man -
they're like well you got to put in Nick
Fury which has nothing to do with the
rest of the movie there's this whole
scene with definite donut shop has
nothing to do with what's going on in
Iron Man
- then again there really is no plot to
Iron Man - no no I thought I thought the
Fury plot weaved in well because after
after you met him at the donut shop
then the shield locked them down and
they didn't figure out his old power
thing I don't even remember I just
remember Mickey Rourke sitting around
with the entire movie yeah White's at
the end yeah that was that movie was a
lot of it was a lovekiller
yeah oh hey hey whoa hey you're at a
place a things him you're a thing is
happening rich no I like you know it was
that was a good ventures pretty cool the
problem wasn't in the original movies
yeah
I would recommend Jon Favreau's the
movies outside it almost seems like a
response to making big movies like what
but don't worry about her what you're
doing great this is a wardrobe there's
this large room thank you I did direct
Scott Pilgrim you know what I have not
seen Scott Pilgrim it's a well-made
movie but it gets very repetitive yeah
he fights a boyfriend he has to fight
the other boyfriend I I didn't care for
it that much but it is one that isn't
that becoming yeah yeah well I mean I
saw much I think I saw like when it
first came out on DVD or whatever and I
haven't seen it since I remember
enjoying it though yeah okay a very fun
visual style is best movie oh oh hey
- what the hell okay
now I hear someone told me you should
level up your resistance resistance that
is something you should well they're not
fucking with you they could no they tell
me that before the stream started so I'm
going to assume that they're not fucking
with her resistance is leveled was
kindled in the first Halloween no we're
not doing chef on half in the bag it's
just a movie I saw one afternoon because
I was curious oh good yep and and in
true twitches chat screen fashion some
people are saying put it in anything but
resistance and other people I've seen no
immediately right now yeah well some
people are saying you should put it in
resistance and some people saying you
shouldn't put it in resistance it's too
late we've already done it people you
can't there's nothing you can do
[Music]
yeah oh yeah resistance level of the
undead but there's no salvation here
better rot in the undead asylum we are
we are like a nun Mercer yeah that's fun
okay I mean I'm okay yeah people are
talking to us the civil wakening what's
happen I get that people are just
talking to us like like we're not an
undead monster I think it does it like
just every once in a while like in slow
mode for a little bit and the people
talking it's a pristine stop you rich
has not decided whether or not he wants
you to know who he is on sadena
what there's somebody awesome with that
hey I know there's multiple people my
name I'm sure whoever whoever has the
most hours into into my little pony
adventure adventure adventure that's
rich Evans the game my little pony
adventure adventure adventure
exclamation point not my little pony
adventure adventure question mark which
I thought really dropped the ball as far
as the series was concerned adventure
adventure I don't get the My Little Pony
thing what the birdies I don't get the
bronies yeah I really believe I've seen
some of the My Little Pony cartoons and
they're fine like they're they're
nothing special I really believe that it
was irony gone awry
oh is that it is that an enemy no it's
not irony though no I think it started
as irony but then other people saw the
irony and didn't know was irony and so
they thought it was the cool thing to do
and that's how it started
is it was irony turned in on itself see
I'm all about like if you're a fan of
something go for it yeah don't be
ashamed of it but that is one that I
just do not understand and I've tried to
understand there was a documentary on
never looks about bronies like anyone
look like something you've seen why come
into it because it's well animated and
it's well written for a kids show and so
you can say that about so many other
things yeah I never got any insight on
what is so special about this no and you
know what like it's not like the
animations maybe I'm a male person as
far as animation is concerned but it
seems pretty standard and it is as far
as the story is concerned it is all like
stock fantasy shit just wrapped around
like friendship instead of like fighting
you have to use the power of friendship
but like I said I've seen like three
episodes why is this so popular amongst
adult males that's why I watch the
documentary - I understand that and I
didn't get any insight like there are
awesome kid shows like like Phineas and
Ferb is a is like a Disney kids show
that's all about like kids that build
shit and go on adventures that
awesometown
what are we taking here oh my god the
Morningstar looking at the giant face
great I switch into the Morningstar went
up
it's a giant spiky maze thing I like
swords he likes ok well then do what you
want oh now can you quick switch if you
press them I'm gonna find out a right
and I'm gonna find out you doing
everybody
I got big-ass mace
homeward bone Howard boned
Howard the honey that's funny I've seen
I saw the pilot of Rick and Morty and
really enjoy I never got around to
watching Xena yeah it looks fun it's
it's like back to the future if dr.
Emmett Brown were an alcoholic yeah yeah
so it's it's fine everything's fine Mike
and J are frauds that's true that's very
true not only Mike and J everyone here
I'm gonna have everyone who's ever
helped red letter media everyone who's
ever watched red letter media yes and
everyone who has ever heard or been on
the Internet is both a hack and a fraud
pretty safe assess Oh Jack what'd you do
look what I got going on you can fucking
do it
oh this seems like a game that I'm gonna
play a lot I'm just putting that out
there to everyone
yeah I would want time to get into it
now look this is this is weird with an
audience like watching me figure out
what the fuck I'm doing what I don't
know I don't just like this I'm trans oh
nothing nothing nothing can I Mac this
down everything's fine now how are you
[Laughter]
in Sarah's episode one the Phantom is
who skeleton
all right I got no shield now because oh
man my girls are for pansies oh my god
they're they're starting to dodge you
now I
oh my god there they reform and this
will probably like this probably lessons
as you go you're gonna lot of things
whatever that is removes down feather
fun what uh yeah I'm sure they're Dark
Souls in default it's just this jacket I
put on that Fox
what were we talking about I completely
forgot okay here's our mouth skeletons
in the removal of skeleton ah we weren't
uh Rick and Morty the other side the
shield side you switch for the morning
star or you can put that in the other
hand you see yeah that's gonna do do it
equipment go to them where yeah yeah
you're there you figuring it out you
don't need me if this shit behind you
wanted in and then okay get out of here
very high now we twenty I don't want to
go to the forest where I don't want to
go to this go thing is wearing me down
someone just asked the skeleton movie J
sin death the 7th voyage of Sinbad is
that the mess skeleton room yes
or is it there's no question what about
our darkies you know an army of darkness
was just oh moshing sin better yeah
just talking about just the skeletons
the best one is the 7th voyage of Sinbad
maybe
these skeletons oh there's a skeleton in
space Cal you can say that well that
please all of you people that keep say
all this bullshit what's a skeleton it's
dirtier wait I saw something Oh confirm
for skeleton know people are saying
jason and the argonauts not - there's
one headlight seven skeletons and there
was another one of those that had just
like 100 Jason Uranus is one respite 7
guys this chamber this big fucking bird
up here big words you're on Sesame
Street
we found your location ah do I do I hit
the bird a bird Bretton we're okay okay
looks like a go just chilling burns you
know Birds be chilling oh who gives a
thing over there I want to go over there
okay who someone mentioned lost skeleton
of cadavra that's a good movie has there
ever been a horror movie centered around
a skeleton like where it's trying to
actually be a scary movie yeah a killer
skeleton why not because it's so silly
we yeah there is totally fall down
everybody told Jay that your bones is an
excellent idea
jo get started on that immediately I
just started script right now yes that's
what he like pops up in front of people
and says I've got a bone to pick
and then you already did that fun which
way did you go to get to the skeletons I
guess that's the way one of these cores
everything looks the same
everything looks a little bit Sam sir Oh
Ames the bank village carps
Oh firebomb yes please
change equipment I think that's just
part of your inventory you cracked arm
what do these - I'll try and put
something in the shield hand maybe maybe
it isn't is it is it in here no
greatsword talisman does it tell me what
it does pose toggle status does it tell
me what it does I don't know oh sure but
does it tell me what it does
where's your fire bothers theirs
oh that's ok you don't need to equip
that just hit down until it comes up
like hit hit hit down and it switches
and what is gonna be the fire problem oh
great that's ok well maybe you're not
the fire bomb I need to equip it so I'm
assuming with enough humanity is that
the goal of the game you become human
again rather than undead yes uh listen
you can die again in like 20-30 years
medieval time
[Laughter]
what is and what I do wish I knew what
these things did or is there way people
that we it can tell me what they do know
just fucking user oh oh here we go
prevents returned the last bonfire
that's neat I don't want that one though
I'm gonna unequip that one use use used
to acquire Souls okay firebomb I want it
I do want to equip the fire bomb so I
want to unequip the bone because I don't
care about that
and I'm going to equip the fire bomber
okay so you're gonna have so many of
those but it's yeah okay
make sense all right everybody fire bomb
now let's fight some skeletons they
don't die they just keep coming back I
think you're not supposed to fight them
I'm gonna go up here this looks like a
place to go you can do whatever the fuck
you want
that's right I can you've got the Lions
yes go there you go you got a thing to
play oh fuck fuck he comes out here fast
oh I was ready for you that time
fucking oh my god I did not throw fire
oh he threw a firebomb I get it I get
what's going on
Oh oh my god
oh they can drink OGS to which I think
it's really big
that is come here you fuck face good
turn get on the other side of it there's
something behind you and Boyd fire up
your ass
no it's ham I thought oh no somebody's
dropping it
hold on pillaging cartwheel Oh jack oh I
you got you got killed wall I will be
wandering the countryside
Helena died um here we go again
okay okay oh there's the stairs I'm
gonna go right through this I'm gonna
fuck some people off this time guys you
don't even need to worry
you don't even yeah you're bold thank
you killing American style we are going
to wash it eventually though I'm very
much looking forward to it why you could
probably say if we're going to watch it
and two other movies okay oh there's
that fuck I'm coming for you you
dickhead just throwing the fire bombs
like an asshole come here okay okay I'm
with you I mean he'll okay good yeah
come at me bro
good job all right okay one of the time
one of the time okay is that fire bomb
fuck still up there yeah yeah don't
worry about that fucker down there all
right
learning lessons people okay that was a
nice gotcha design I appreciated that Oh
your ass ah yeah I kicked his oh damn
okay going back down here you can kick
his ass I can kick who this you hit it
with a mace yeah it's different people
are saying the chat is not going to sync
with the video
I lost talking yes maybe alright people
saying that that n'sync is the are our
voices in the video and sync with the
game or is the champ not in sync with
the video yeah cuz the answer me that
the our voices should be in sync with
the video like right now I am spinning
around spinning around but the chat will
be off because of the lag of the
broadcast lag that's just a normal thing
for for twitch so Jay you should be able
to see me videos about five seconds
behind your audio videos about five
seconds behind our audio okay we can
change that maybe not right now in order
to change that in order to update that
an open broadcaster first and then the
video game does so okay okay we can fix
that I know but I'd have to stop the
stream and restart it so I'm just gonna
you just have to deal with it for a
second unless you want me to stop the
stream and restart it that's the way
open broadcaster works is to make
changes like that you need to soul of a
lost under
so the last time yeah I'm sure there's a
it's fine
oh this is just a temporary now some
people say it's not so I don't know all
right it's time okay it looks the clips
yeah of course pillage the corpse okay
you know what I agree we do need slow
chat I keep going to slow chat and then
it just stops being a slow chat of
medium speaking of check things where's
the huh oh sorry yeah I'll get you rich
rich wants to read the chat now two guys
read a lot of things about skeletons
yeah yeah I think shit I you know what
I'm sure as rich and I get into like
Dark Souls we will understand the
skeleton joke and think it's hilarious
maybe not
it might not have anything to do with
anything
you fuck get out of here come here come
here
yeah yes
fucking gotcha you can attack make chain
attacks by pressing attack faster you
can make chain attacks that's what this
guy said okay I like it I like the
thread mates try mashing we'll see what
happens don't give up do you you try
spinning that's a good trick
okay okay yeah that does work I came
rich it's gonna be great
nobody gives a fuck about your tired
references that was a reference to yeah
we don't know no I was gonna try and say
something different oh oh I couldn't
think of anything off the top of my head
oh my god I had my shield on oh that's a
reference to top man from that Megaman
game Mega Man 3 that top man probably
sorry is there like my smashing crates
pointlessly is there anything ever in
crates
I have not discovered a thinking there
yet no but it's very fun yeah fuck you
free
okay so if what we learned last time is
true if I go through the white light
that's the main bad guy so I don't want
to do that so I think I think I saw some
stairs over here nope okay they're
brewing stairs so I can't go up there
unless I can no you can't jump or
anything can you not that I know of
okay I definitely don't want to go down
there oh-ho B to run press B while
running to jumping do why your wedding
oh okay if I can get up here a little
jump I don't know we can get up there
probably not supposed to get up I want
to get up here really bad because it
seems like it seems like you should get
there okay all right Toronto his name is
Kristin he was a nice guy if he has
bonus wine oh those are the nicest guys
see like if you can get up there then
maybe you can jump across that thing I'm
sure you're not able to get up here but
guys bear with me somebody says go to
the fog it's not a boss it's not a boss
yeah I think you're lying to me but I'm
gonna do it uh it was just a loading
point I think cuz I had one earlier that
didn't take me to a boss okay to an area
there is no boss okay
fuck fuck gates are not always bosses
okay thank you thank you should do die
oh oh okay I got this well you don't you
just fell
I'll get it you ain't got shit that's
true okay
I ain't got well there's a thing oh yeah
I saw that that's not that hey so so
yeah we're collecting Souls do with it
do this will probably help you 100 maybe
i for Humanity firebomb crackerjack
Lloyd salesman yes okay I'm gonna try to
make this jump again nope oh your
characters hard to move but I like it I
dig it you guys I dig this I'm digging
it I like his shiny ass armor yeah
nope I didn't even I press the jump
button guess what didn't jump do you
just have to put ol what somebody else
is mentioning that ts fix and yeah we
right now we're just playing the game
yeah we've heard about it when we first
started this but I'm gonna attempt this
one more time guys maybe maybe later
right now just one more time asbestos
stream in my playing nope nope nope that
wasn't that wasn't my test I'm gonna
attempt this one more time you're not
gonna make it I'm probably you haven't
made yet yeah oh I don't think you can
it looks like you can you cannot make
this jump
alright it looks like you can No fuck
fuck fuck
running away fuck what's the last comic
I have read
it's been a long time since I've read a
comic book I've said elsewhere that the
moment Spiderman sold his soul to the
devil to end his marriage I don't think
the actual soul was sold but that's when
I said you know this isn't for me
anymore
as far as comics in general
I love the webcomic Slade freelance I
leave the shit out of slutty freelance I
recently read gonna do a little bit of a
goon series that I really liked I the
fry have the first two trades of goon
fuck you
I gotta back up I gotta I gotta heal
nope yes we have seen x-men Days of
Future pants ah we may have some things
to say about it quite soon and my yeah
wonder where Mike is am i into j RP r JJ
jr. oh geez no not in any way shape
did I kill him nope I didn't kill me
fuck you guy I love The Watchmen
yeah watchman is a great book watchman
something you're every time I read The
Watchmen I noticed more things I've
never noticed before
yeah little little details in the art
hidden hidden smiley faces I was loved
finding a new smiling face
oh fuck I died try to think I'm out for
even thought I could do it as it turns
out I could not you know what I read
recently what I read I read a Sandman
buck do you wanna give it a go amigo
oh I read a I read a Sandman book not
not Neil Gaiman's Sandman but a
different more detective II Sandman
where he wears a guess and then the
Street Theater him Sandman mystery
theatre I think it's a beautiful little
comic oh it's a great series I love the
style of it I love I love that he's a
superhero and instead of having a mask
King he has a gas mask
it's so it's very focused very polished
very Noir is very detective II enjoy it
remember a fire bomb guy yeah is up here
where you were before they were things
that's the fire bomb guy but remember
there's other guys I remember that
didn't work I died I did die absolutely
because that's what you do in this game
you do which is fine Oh Perry in yeah
well you know that's a really nice thing
about games like this is any time you
die it's your fault right now because
nothing has changed mechanic wise we
know all the moves we know all the enemy
moons I just went into a room and tried
to take out three guys at once and I
shouldn't have that was my fault for
dying and right now it's Rich's fault
fucking around
[Laughter]
you shouldn't be parrying well he just
didn't like doing it
[Laughter]
how often you end up saying go fuck
yourself okay three words in the English
have an excuse to say them what do we do
about poison how I'd fix that Oh
probably one of your things
check check your inventory and I bet one
of those things is like a get rid of
poison thing how do you find out what
things just do what press X X and that
press a and it tells you explodes
prevents Estes recovery within a limited
area that must be for enemies turn the
last bonfire use acquired Souls no
Humanity in Souls no I guess you just
don't have a normal what do what are the
souls do what do that hey guys what did
the souls do I'm good thank you
I'll fucking press X it's not letting me
use more potions no oh no I mean that
someone just said that in the gen I
thought I was funny um
I have been watching Game of Thrones and
I'm convinced it's a bad show but I keep
watching it every week if it if it
wasn't for my wife who read all the
books explaining everything for me I
would be utterly lost every single
goddamn week I have no idea who all
these people aren't where they're going
or what they're doing and then she tells
me what they're doing and where they're
going and it all makes sense and they're
boobs so that's good
I haven't seen the show souls are a
currency to level and purchase items
I gotta stop behind appraise so much as
I like doing it it's just so satisfying
to stab something I think good boobs
yeah exactly and you know I like the
boobs and I like there's a ton of really
great Gore effects yeah it's really
awesome especially this last week's
episode had a really
in fact for anyone who watches it but
but it's just like there's so much
happening and then like they'll
introduce a character and he won't do
much but a season later that character
is really important but they never
bothered to remind you who he is or why
he's important but all of a sudden he's
fuckin important and he's the king of
wardens Mort and Lord inch Mort is the
gateway into the north there's some
bullshit it's it's all ya wiener so it's
best fine everything's fine David Wain
to a state show like him and Michael
Showalter called boobs show I like it
like I'm sure the Game of Thrones books
are very good like if you're into that
kind of fantasy era sure I'm sure
they're very good because you know a
book can explain more things than TV
show can or a movie so I'm sure the book
is good I do like the boobs I have not
seen the show Big Love and I have not
seen the show The Wire I haven't seen a
lot of TV shows I don't really watch
much TV I tried to watch way back in the
day I tried to uh friend was trying to
get me into the wire and I have I had
the same problem with the wire that I
have with Game of Thrones which is oh
yeah they don't give you any exposition
in the wire which that's kind of like
their stick
you got no I got no murmur oh wait and
so they just kind of throw you in and
you have to figure it out as it goes
along but that frustrates me oh it's you
guys it's worse all around it isn't
maybe faster movement they're just worse
now fuck it oh it looks me not really
makes him look weird Starbucks or Dunkin
Donuts of course Dunkin Donuts because
you get Donuts Twin Peaks yes I do love
Twin Peaks well Susan why did you stop
oh I'm in that stupid screen
oh the inventory screens on the
transporter could attack that's so
stupid
well you it's just the thing you have to
know yes yes I am slow that's why I
can't follow most things
III need things to be spelled out for me
very clearly do I have lately I've been
watching some episodes of eastbound and
down which I had never seen before and
it's the best thing ever a show that's
that dedicated to making his main
character the most despicable human
being alive is wonderful someone who's
trying to regain his confidence in
himself when it's completely unwarranted
because he's awful I love that joke I've
heard great things about true detectives
and yeah is that HBO or Showtime
oh oh oh fuck oh fuck
I'm trapped and the camera won't move
there we go yeah great things about your
detective why doesn't our elem move to
California because California's a
horrible Los Angeles Los Angeles is a
horrible city and we all live in this
kind
which we we work completely
independently of if they're talking
about because that's where like movies
are made or shortly that's not what we
do that's not what we're trying to do
we'd probably have an easier time
finding actors that that would be the
one benefit is that we would have an
easier time finding it yeah yeah we
talked about this last stream about like
all the leaked stuff from Star Wars 7
it's still being made by by JJ Abrams so
it's no matter what they leak no matter
what practical effects are being made
it's going to be the same movie who
carefully like sure he's using practical
puppets and effects which is nice
he's still just an OK director in life
he's a finder of fine
yeah I'm sure don't look good the
problem is that he's never had a good
script ever hmm so maybe this will be
different we'll see yeah I'm not excited
about it
I'm worried it'll be horrible it's a
sure it will be a crowd-pleaser it'll be
the prequels
you know what you want to see in a Star
Wars movie so we're gonna put those
elements in not taking any risks and I'm
sure it'll be a pleasure
nice Hey look at their support yeah yeah
yeah
remember Harrison Ford Han Solo yeah and
that's what all of these leaked photos
are is just saying like we have we have
a real puppets in this one you guys
remember I didn't like all the all the
green-screen hey we got real puppets you
know it will be exactly what the first
Star Trek movie was which is fine it
will be fine a fine space adventure so
you know maybe it'll be good
[Laughter]
speaking of reference have you seen
movies I have I've seen I've seen a
movie or two it's awful I can just say I
was telling Jack and earlier I rewatched
the film splice recently I saw when I
first came on a video and I'd complain
and everything about it so I rewatched
it and it's so perverse and wonderful
and silly yeah rich Evans is playing now
not not jack
so that's why I'm not talking much yeah
someone was asking me if I couldn't play
anymore and then I'm not playing yeah
and I did see someone in the chat
mentioned like learning how to parry is
really important for later and so you
know practice oh it's me okay if someone
keeps asking about memoirs of murder I
have no idea what that is
so no I have not seen it oh and remember
you can kick end to hand away
that's what people are saying what does
kick do the normal attacks don't okay
they probably knocks people back when
I'd rather just stab them until the fest
I'm sorry what if what if you have two
enemies right do you get what you were
able to get up there no I know I was not
able to get it okay
there's a fog door around here that I'm
not finding is that up here uh where are
ya oh the fog doors already open
apparently okay now there's a ton of
guys up those stairs
get ready get fuckin ready are you ready
no oh kick breaks shields and brakes
blocks okay okay that's important
thank you Thank You Chad move Jacob's
Ladder
have you seen Jacob slider no I don't
think so Jacob's place that right what
is it that's why it's in Robins okay I
like the rest of creepy follow me down
here away from the old guy because I can
talk I said that like an idiot well but
yeah it's a really good eerie depressing
fucking movie great from the director of
you don't look traction I want to say in
their interests I know Jacobs ladders
excellent well there's a bonfire head
apparently I went past it you know oh
you can't open that door
nice this is great you know games are
great video games are great where's this
bonfire oh it's all that that's nice a
wooden shield yeah just what you want a
wooden fucking shield no where's the
bumper oh it's up ahead I can't yeah but
you might want to you might want to heal
dog get out of the arrow-firing well
then word eyes up here yes yes there are
more guys out there conditioner 2 3 I
just killed yeah
and there's like guys that are dropping
fire bombs and shit there is some shit
oh oh is that it yeah oh there it is
slow and steady slow and steady slow and
steady like Sonic the Hedgehog taught us
[Laughter]
I am NOT hyped for e3 we were just
talking about it three and I mean I
liked II 1 and E 2 much better yeah you
think it's gonna really trail off
everyone is usually when it falls apart
yeah that's true
you know what Jays right you know last
year was such a hype fest with all the
new consoles and all the new jammies and
the jams it'll be interesting if they
reveal something interesting but we
can't know if that's going to happen
right like if they're gonna talk about
games
I'll be thinking dog I still attack but
no you got it you get it oh yeah
hit him before he heals somewhere about
those fucks I think there's got a high
noon you know and it's in intend oh this
year is doing a really interesting thing
where they they're not having the press
conference there they're doing their
normal Nintendo Direct thing which i
think is really now there oh there is
yes I remember in that room there are
three fucks just waiting for you like
Nintendo is just doing their own fucking
thing and I dig that about them they
don't give no fucks about proper
procedure like everyone's doing a big
stage show fuck it we're recording a
thing and release you know whatever we
want that sounds good to me
yeah no oh fuck yeah you're so very fun
don't say that you always do the exact
opposite of what is expected oh you made
it
yeah I kick ass rich you kick ass I
can't help it if you saw oh wait can you
like can you level off at the bonfire I
think I can yeah I mean I gotta be sorry
I'm gonna see if it's already sweaty
stats exactly how are we such acts um it
takes practice
yeah Timothy yeah this much of a hack
and fraud um but you know you just keep
trying most the most important thing is
just to say and do whatever the fuck
comes some top of your head whether you
intend to do that
that's what if you want if you want to
be a hack where we need what are these
things do if you I wish I know what the
fuck tournament was can you can you like
Lord oh if you click the back button
it's an explanation it did my name
that's that's the explanation go right
here you go
thoughts on frozen now has a chance I
forgotten everything I wanted to say I
hate the music yeah I I made I've been
talking about frozen for a while and I
made Jane rich watch frozen with me
a group of adult here here is okay I'm
talking about
did you level up no no the the love
interest who turns out to be evil
actually has much better chemistry with
princess what's her face then the blond
dork did yeah yeah yeah I would agree
with that also I hated most of the songs
in it there was a couple good ones but
most of them stopped the story then its
tracks which is not what a musical
should do also the story forgets what
it's about
it starts okay the movie starts off and
it's about the relationship between
these two sisters yeah and how they're
really close as kids and then a bad
thing happens and then they drift apart
and the one sister wants to be close the
other one's afraid to let it be close
that's the story yeah then the first
happens and it turns into a generic
fucking romance movie yeah the girl the
girl and the blonde the goofy guy who's
a standard love interest yeah then the
movies about that and then in the last
two minutes the movie suddenly about
sisters again yeah there's like the
movie forgets what it's about not so but
they that's one of my major problem they
deal with I'm I fucking you guys I'm not
about I'm about to defend frozen bad I
just want to prepare the one guy turned
into a jerk he was a wonderful character
to have he wasn't the take-charge guy he
was the guy who respected the woman the
woman let her go on her adventure he
knew she needed to do something with a
sister and he was looking after the
kingdom for I thought that was kind of
refreshing and me but no he had to just
be a bad guy who was plotting evil
things
more than the story I mean the story's
fine for what it is we're in the story
though I've just anointed all the
musical numbers especially after who's
the main girl Elsa or is it the other
one I forget I really didn't rekt up in
the game he can't answer to Elsa and
Anna Elsa and Anna honest the frozen one
right now Elsa's is the queen and Anna
is that is the redheaded princess okay
yeah but so she gets she gets knocked
unconscious or she's dying or whatever
and they take heard of the little rock
trolls yeah and then no that is the
worst song she's fucking dying and then
they immediately break into a fun happy
song about but he's a he's a fixer-upper
yeah but they didn't know she was dying
but like do you think they would say
Lucy did didn't they they think they did
I can't remember now but even if they
didn't still like at that point in the
movie like this is a big dramatic moment
and then they stop for this retarded
song and then they get right back to it
like oh by the way she's still dying
let's take care of this and you know she
had a much better song with the fake
love interest yeah that's a great song
yeah yeah I don't care it does its job
kids love the movie and that's the point
but I can't love no sane I know so I
can't say it fails I mean he does
everything it's set out what entertain
children although I did ask because I
have nieces and nephews and they're all
obsessed with that movie see see that's
usually a brain I'm more whose your
brain yeah you have a brain no I'm not
been smart but apparently even ninety
says enough you don't like that troll
song okay so even they - they're totally
into that movie and even they get bored
during that so you know what I'm gonna
turn it again I'm gonna rest and just
speak those bad guys again
area we're gonna try to fighting these
pecans again because I can do a better
job
you do
apparently I can't do a better job I'm
getting away from underlies you in there
that was just your spot
yeah and you missed it I did you know
what I did was right
why not dude cutie does everybody pissed
at me because I should have prison no
people seem to like that you're oh wow I
think that I think the frozen has
reached that level where it's so popular
that now people want to get the spectrum
of opinions on it they keep saying it's
Disney's grand return and well you know
I'm still not saying it's horrible it's
not bad it it's still nowhere near the
Little Mermaid Aladdin and given the
Beast yeah and you know like fuck The
Lion King
[Applause]
I'm not doing a much better job
here's slipper it's just you know it's
fine it's fine everything is fine
it's you know it's touch with kids
movies because they want to watch the
same movie over and fucking over again
and so you know your treat just for
treat the treatment I don't have my
talent okay we're just gonna try this
all again I do always hate the excuse
for a bad kids movie well it's just it's
a kids movie what do you expect
well I'm always needed what I'm saying
is I get frozen because frozen is a
smarter movie than that but people do
that for every bad kids movie though jet
jet use the long sword that's what I was
using fine I like the me I'm just the
one short and I kept all their asses
yeah I know I know
excuse your brains I was asking about
airplanes in the Naked Gun movies great
classics classics so fucking funny
that's like the only thing the only type
of movies me and my dad have were bonded
over like we both love and make a gun
that is stupid humor downright stupid
humor done by smart people that know how
to execute a problem
that was supposed to be a run jump
attack press X to not die haha yes we
all want Yahtzee don't worry I'm gonna
get out of here I'm gonna get out of
here
I'm gonna get out of here and jump nope
okay okay that's alright that's okay and
hi why am I not jumping and jump okay
nope alright and oh no I don't have
daddy issues we have very different
taste of movies but we bond over the
Naked Gun just because everybody likes
the Naked Gun movies yeah well at least
the first couple I'm 33 and a third was
that the one with Anna Nicole Smith yeah
yeah that one gets a little rough to
watch yeah that's got some good stuff
the some of the stuff at the Oscars at
the end is good but it's not directed by
David Zucker it's like a director for
hire they just wrote it so it's it's
lacking the the timing of the first to
all those gags are what what did I think
of tangulls I don't think tango is even
worth talking about it's just a dumb
standard Disney musical thing are you
kick again do you remember how you kick
stop with your thoughts on rich Evans
nigra terminus that's an all cap so they
mean business favorite favorite Mel
Brooks Young Frankenstein oh I love the
look at that wrong G Wilder I haven't
seen that one in a really long time when
I was a kid I really liked history of
the world that was funny
I loved the Spaceballs as a kid just
because I was super into Star Wars I
like to baseball's it was never my
favorite though
no Blazing Saddles when I was a kid it
was nice I didn't see other Mel Brooks
movies till later
but even as a kid I loved his baseball
Spaceballs is probably last a good one
he made
oh yeah yeah you're Robin Hood
Mennonites essence Dracula devil in
battle Meyers ago yeah I forgot about
there's one good gag in that whole movie
when they have to put the stake in the
the chest of someone who's a vampire
that's sleeping and there's just this
geyser of blood and uh the guy from
wings goes this is horrible
and Mel Brooks says yeah I know we
should have put newspaper down and I
mean
[Laughter]
how
okay I got turned around oh my god okay
alright thanks
and you guys come and get me hearing
thank you how did you get here they
would bend it's either a Nirvana or the
doors go either way
that's all so I just listened to lots of
really random stuff mm what have you
been listening to lately J uh lately
I've been listening to a lot of balloons
okay old tiny blues I've been listening
to I don't know why my favorite music -
jock - is like the shitty pop punk I
listened to in high school less than
Jake and stuff like that so that's why
I've been wanting to you know when I'm
listening to lately and it's it's it's
shameful mp3 of the air wolf theme that
was the helicopter I know yeah I just
got this like sin themed thing dude yeah
why have you been listening to the half
I look at these episodes the show is
just perfect eighties action series
thing alright alright
how are you I've also been listening to
a remix of the that megaman 2 song wily
staged stage 1 no no no no I can't even
think of our girls on them trying to
think about it
so I mentioned Devo yeah I like Devo oh
yeah see those careers good I'm a big
fan of Oingo Boingo like I'm a big fan
of Oingo Boingo the only one to ever say
that it's just a sentence you don't hear
that's though it tickled me and then
talking heads might be my favorite band
if I had a big one-oh pine resin what
does that do it once I'm gonna I'm gonna
come in here and hide and want to see
what a gold pine resin does um
lately I have been listening there is a
applies of lightning to right hand
weapon that seems awesome
there is a Milwaukee band called call me
lightning
oh yeah and they just put out an album
that is so fucking good at Hertz if you
if you're into kind of like garage AMD
stuff and I've been listening to that a
lot oh my god there's three of them I
can't I can't pick out three of them
right now
Wow rich the Mega Man son goes like
doo-doo-doo what should make me laugh I
can't believe I've been I've been
listening to that constantly and now I
can't think it's like my favorite 8-bit
song yeah I feeling like I was doing
pretty good
[Music]
it's been about an hour we're gonna take
another quick break we're gonna run a
commercial and then we're gonna fuck
shit out and then we're gonna fuck shit
up we're doing a lot better I think
although they let me go back to this
screen because this is everybody's
favorite screen and I'm gonna need to
mic so we'll keep an eye on the chat and
and we're gonna I'm gonna finish my
sandwich huh we'll be back
