Episode 042
Dark Sauls (with Rich, Jack & Jay) Part 4
September 4, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=006RqfW3zcg
___________________________________________

okay you're full of shit so Jack here's
a protip now just keep in mind this
isn't prompted by anything yeah in the
future if you're shooting in front of a
green screen yeah it's a good idea to
not have a spotted oh my god
no that's a great that's a great road
you can't you got own it but you're not
no no we got to new area and and richest
out-of-box
not doing much to the boss
well I'm trapped in here matters which
is aspect ratio and it means how to tell
something is versus how to light
sentence
there's a ladder back where you came in
well we're all the way back here now
that's all right
oh it says climb up and in sword drop on
his head like three times Oh
protip okay whole approach it's tonight
in the car no no do you remember game
pro game bro yeah yeah
pro tip throw that well that car episode
we didn't even do the green screen for
that in effervesce we use Final Cut
laughter birthday forever
you know what has a really nice green
screen from here that I've been use I
use premiere prize the Adobe suite and
I've been trying to talk Jane Mike into
switching over from Final Cut I
understand all the pros of it I just I'm
so used to Final Cut I got the groove
okay that's fine it's fine
this game will not be the death of me no
I want to be I want to at least beat
that last boss there this neck is Boston
obviously not the last possum we did not
use Dark Souls face whatever that is I
don't we don't even know what it is
is it true that I have nowhere no hair
anywhere on my body like that kid from
powder that is not true why I have hair
in other places why are my arms is that
a thing
powder did you know that you know it's
just some what it's just someone being
very clever in calling me bald as if I
was unaware that I was bought come on
come to my parlor said the spider to the
fly
oh I'm a literary jack and rich you can
just run past all the enemies can we I
mean that's we can yeah that seems so
cheap yeah but that's a do it and it
says take off the armor and you can run
faster take off the armor and just run
past everybody that's you know if that's
how people play this game then this game
sucks no you gotta fly if I take it off
your armor I see you're nude and you can
run pears everybody right that's the way
it's supposed to be that's dumb
however I am tired of getting my ass
kicked I have to admit that so what's
the cold food thing in the background
oh I'm the VCR repair shop we have a
note that says call pill it's just a
thing
is this something we snuck up there
because we need to cover a court for
this though its detail in detail and
Bill's the name we use a lot that's
actually Josh the Wizards character on
half in the bag he's played a character
named Phillip
in fact Josh's play the character named
Phil and everything he's been in that
we've done it became a running thing
where we always have named Phil I
remember how it started but well was it
acrobats Keys fit was it film my acid he
was still my ass up on that put my ass
up he's actually oh that's what it was
you spill unclear about them is that's a
joke the game and then in someone else's
movie right around the same time he was
in that and coincidentally he was also
named Phil and then oh yeah so then we
were like what was his name Dylan
let's see the ladder he's actually
filled Davis and feeding frenzy poppy
the character's name in Russian
Terminator oh yeah oh look at that
there's a crossbow guy out there where
did it come from I don't know
he's been the wizard for longer than
I've known him where is it
oh it didn't start right yet or is it
down here I can't see it no I don't
think it's fun yet
oh shit what oh that not me one second
you yes you've got the problem
see oh and apparently there's a way to
Kindle the bonfire and it will get you
more blasts oh yeah I like that
sneak Ender's or the Goblin legs we're
getting there
we're getting there you have it
yes to everybody like everyone says okay
I'm just looking at her Twitter activity
this is a while ago haha Jay from red
letter media is playing Dark Souls live
he sucks very correct rule suck at this
game
yeah they're bespoke you know what I'm
gonna keep my pants on that much dignity
I'm gonna keep my gloves on look at that
that's badass character right there
that's the lovely quirks uh you know
Sarah you know we need enough run past
all the motherfuckers see bitch do doop
do doop doop do doop doop it's running
no way such a lame item in this game
that way yeah this is this is totally
unsatisfying this is a very intense fact
we are right we are literally only doing
this because of the stream there is no
way I would ever play the game like this
no actually oh yeah this is not fun
you're just running past all the
challenge she's gonna go up to rap Oh
Ronnie oh well see now I got to fight
some hoe and lure them away and then go
out okay come over here guys
don't already oh no now there's more
room run okay and well now I know where
the stairs are I didn't know where these
stairs
I don't know if fuck pot 5000 will ever
I mean I'm sure unpredictable we don't
know I'm sure if we find an appropriate
funny use for him he'll come back bad
there we go
it's not like we don't have the costume
yeah yeah the costume is safely stored
away
we have reusable if there's a gag and
it's funny yeah they'll probably come
back unless we decide we want to tell
like a serious dramatic fuck bot story
okay where's the door keep going up oh I
see it yeah it wasn't very fun Wow we
just get past the chunk of the game cuz
that's the other way you've been pissed
the game now I'm gonna go here no no
don't
well I want to re-equip stuff you want
you want to run to that ladder as fast
as you can one eye one eye I want to
kill the people the ladders behind me
right okay kill the people and then take
your clothes off again you can trim the
weaker Armour yeah okay no that's oh
yeah isn't that the worst thing uh yeah
yes the confusion menu you have no
shield yeah people keep saying that oh
shit I did it I did a bad barely did he
was the golden pine resin I know I did a
really bad thing I know I saw yeah oh my
god you guys rich has been playing for a
long time and I forgot how to play rich
you need to do is you were in the brewer
I know you do but I want to spell what's
the jet I don't talk to the people in
the chat all right now we're gonna skip
past half the game yeah cuz that's how
you play the game if you want to know
how mr. blinken came about you should
buy the behind the mr. plinkus DBA what
was the one that our guy the Reg no it
doesn't stop when you're applying a
lucite 20-minute documentary on their
about when you flip to it
the the the blue button no fuck bot does
not need a penis that's the joke maybe
you get nothing
sometimes people doesn't how are you
guys liking the game that's a good I
more frustrating than fun well I think
it is this challenging analyst punishing
I think this is Dawne unit punishing
I think I will do dig the shit out of
this game if I was playing it by myself
if I was playing it not I would be more
into a planet by myself
I'm not completely sold right now I
where's my homeboy monkey man he is in a
giant plastic tote in the other room
that's where he is quite homeboy the
monkey man gets his you'll get his back
part of course that's what I'm supposed
to do right
no way like I haven't had enough time
playing to really internalize the
controls and I think that's witching off
yeah yeah that's one of the most
important things that the game is
getting that muscle memory down and just
like you know pressing the button
without thinking about pressing a button
and there hasn't been enough time to get
that that muscle memory in yet but I
think once it's in and once I really
nail down the comment system I could see
myself sinking a lot of hours into this
well oh you just like for good I think
next time for the sake of a stream do
something works okay you this one here
you bullshit anyway it doesn't matter
look at this I
these guys on equipped enough stuff
maybe not oh you said your pants on how
long left for the stream wait sick of
this shit we are trying to beat this
last boss probably not much longer left
in the stream gotta be honest we've been
at this for a while yeah soon as we kill
the sky definitely hard it's a hard game
there's a moment in hard games where you
just have to make the choice that this
is the game you're gonna play and once
once you have that mindset like the
challenge really sinks in and then it
gets fun when it comes to hard game I'll
take Ninja Gaiden over this ninja gaiden
is masterful and I think this could be
master ball under different
circumstances
all right like like take this fucker for
instance how are you supposed to know
this the fucking ladder over here I hate
ya it's just one of those things you
learn where it's like problem Oh
my guess is what would happen is
eventually you get hit by one of their
arrows and then you'd have to look
around you know Jay is the coolest dude
around oh oh thank you
that's that's just what someone says
it's not an accurate statement but
you're entitled to your opinion on that
oh the fucking menu was up that
deep breath
the game is good you all are making it
harder than it is by willfully ignoring
advice what advice have we willfully
ignored you told us to go to the stairs
we went up the fucking stairs you told
my pants for taking up the pants wait
we're doing the things you tell us to do
and and by the way all the things you're
telling us to do make the game less fun
like sprinting past all these guys is
not nearly as fun as trying to beat them
all and then beating the bad guy so I
guess whoever said that fuck you is
having is that the game that uses the
song from Miami connection there's some
things no no that's for crime far cry 3
yeah yeah I mean we talked about last
dream is is drive the game ok it's very
the style of it is very reminiscent to
drive and it's it's very good it's a
it's a twin stick shooters type thing
which means nothing to you a but it uses
a song for Miami connection that's all I
know not bad not that one oh that's far
cry blunt diamond what dragon is what
dragon the third one yeah okay yeah so
which ones like drive a hotline Miami
telling me
and it is a very fun game and it's very
it's it's very stylistic and nice a
pleated on Mabhida and really enjoyed it
whilst pooping they're saying Kindle the
bonfire and level up where is it all up
here no there's not a bonfire there's no
next time where's the bonfire Oh next
time we're at the bonfires and we need
to Kindle assure and and use pine resin
which we we've already checked right and
we don't have a pine resin so okay if
you want us to use the pine resin be
more specific about what it is and what
it does where it is how we can get it
what it does how we use it now what
other games do I have on my Vita the
thing I put the most time in on my Vita
is spelunky I was working on
hundred-percent funky and that was super
SuperDuper fun I've been playing a hyper
light drifter no not high for a velocity
ultra that is a strange name but hyper
light drifter light drifter is a
different game that's about to come out
velocity ultra as the game of actually
been buying and it's super fun
I got the song for my evening I actually
have that song stuck in my head very
free forever
yes let's just if you're asking me
whether you should get a Vita or in 3
dias compensate through the eyes there's
more game for it but I like I like them
to be the game is better and I only got
me this binding of isaac rebirth when it
comes out on it
I own I own minigame I really liked
guacamelee that was a super fun game how
am I get back over there cat playing
Rayman Origins on my Vita is super nice
Jack you should be on you guys must be
thinking of someone else
why no just off the cyber center now
my game light like a player very libary
very odd just running out of voice my
game library is very in me fuck this
game as as I thought but here before I
like I like to be surprised about my
entertainment and in de offers me a
chance to be surprised by a game instead
of dolt by its
that that is not in any way shape or
form a fun boss fight I'm sorry
let's think I'll give this bonfire
Kindle they want us to kill him
we cannot Kindle a hallowed well there's
that advice so how do we kick the first
Halloween reverse Halloween no young man
okay hey guys thanks for the good advice
Humanity in inventory can you use
humanity from your inventory let's find
out hit the damn thing that's what
humanity comes up I try using it man
exit okay alright is this how we do it I
sure first love for Humanity in Reverse
on yes
I'm you know it did it tell us this at
one point and now Kindle well that's
probable streaming while doing this shit
I guess ok wait did I reverse my
Halloween yes you did oh so 92 use that
skin now I need to use another name and
Kindle and it said I needed another
humanity alright use humanity.ogv sits
like their IQs drop 20 points but by
playing this game it's hey guys this is
really tough like playing game for you
guys it's keep in mind go to Kindle
they're not
you didn't go to Kindle I did we're
playing you went to reverse also keeping
up
the chat in the stream that's tricky
you're not just focused on thing I did
Kendall I know you want to refer snow
using humanity again fuck it
look it's bigger what is the fire so and
that's pin that's one you Kindle what
does that do
I don't know that this is what they're
telling us to do lock some what is I
don't know
oh now we get ten estes fun
okay you're okay hey guys you guys this
is tough so no saying this is a bad game
to stream for the first time but hey I
think we're discovering that huh
everybody asked for this game yeah yeah
I am you know what we obliged yeah
yes we applied and this is the first
time red letter media has ever done
something that people requested and look
how it's turned out this is why we don't
do anything that you guys asked for
remember Jack one-pass all right thing
right now run oh wait this guys coming
in so I'm gonna I'm gonna deal with him
okay now okay now we're gonna take off
all of our clothes it's so you can run
fast so you can run past the game
unequip on equip on a clip-on equipment
he's naked okay okay okay
ready I'm not ready this is just a naked
man running faster Jack I'm trying that
they will step no but I have to watch my
stamina and watch you must have mana
watching my stamina get out of here you
ain't got nothing and run out yep okay
nope okay hey guys we made it drink a
thing I will drink a thing before I go
through the thing okay you're gonna
thing before you get chased up there get
to that fucking portal
oh so I mentioned that you have best of
the worst video game movies we've talked
about this
yeah probably happen eventually yeah why
are there so many dings in the old best
of the worst episodes that's just a
piece of the music we have a guy
composed a couple of really long tracks
of music that we could just lay under
our discussions and one of the tracks
has a little ding sound that apparently
distracts people we don't use it anymore
pants and I'm in my pants I made my
pants oh do we have those we don't have
arrows so nice
alright oh wait I do on our cover less
bombers whatever that is whatever our
lost powers was thank you let's souls
what not that the previous you dropped
when he died sure the way to get up the
ladder faster there I hope there is
because that guy keeps attacking you on
the ladder
no but we have we have all the things
that sound we got we have plenty of jams
okay so now I climb up and when I'm in
the air I pressed the right bumper and
then as you're falling and that's a sad
thing so much okay guys
bit we just want to beat this enemy
instantly turn around and go running
running
who's the fine resident yeah is it like
the skeleton thing is just bullshit I
tried to roll I tried to roll
I tried to roll still went straight the
ladder cuz this game
drink potion real quick when he's gonna
jump up there sooner or later show you
that we will click on and back down
yes I am president people's like being
damaged oh I remember that yeah I
remember that
Oh
is fortunately another he's booked
you're supposed to go back down and he
spoke
wait a little bit longer please let's go
straight to the lab going straight to
the liner my weight get on my damn get
out of my gym my family this is so fun
now you climb back up the ladder yeah
this is the cheap way I'm sure this is
the cheap way way I'm very sure about
that I got it
camera
you get together one shot I we can't I
mean maybe one or two more times so look
into going to your inventory and in this
inventory one of them gives you
lightning powers so unequip one of them
go back well this is the stuff already
in your you have to go back for
something don't you like you have to
unequip one sure all right okay nothing
matter what okay now what are they
asking for cracked red eye or but what
are they asking for turtle Mayan gold
pine doesn't hurry go just fight him
after one drop everyone is saying go
back up hambone unequip the accent slows
oh also apparently the axe is slowing us
down
what X we have the axe equipped in our
alternate weapon slot really oh don't
slow slow down apparently that's what I
just read that that's so
counterintuitive
well no it's it's very it's
counterintuitive to games but it's very
intuitive because they're carrying it
yeah but if it's not like in his hand at
that time yeah I think it's weird it's
on your person it's real rich so I need
to read Jimmy dig my humanity you know I
don't think only if you need to only if
you want to read Kindle Fire which I
don't think you need to do cuz again now
you just start with ten flasks all the
jimJam time
no right now rich is not paying
attention to the chat I'm paying
attention those checks I'm not playing
riches so riches just playing the game I
haven't been able to pay much attention
because the font is so small I can't
read it
yeah well it's it's the way that open
broadcaster changes like the display
settings when it when it's doing
recording so I can't do anything about
the font next time these will get
another monitor that's what we need is
more shit that I've got and another wire
out of this computer to just have a big
monitor for the Chaffee then why don't
you like Godzilla well we made a video
where I explain why I didn't like it in
that video did it elaborate on your
thoughts and feelings is it it so that
exists wait where can people see this
video you can see it at red leather
medium scorned old news - BJ oh yeah
yeah oh and if you hold the spring
button you can climb the ladder faster
but it was ok nice work I won I found
that out when I was playing and someone
just said it in the stream which
reminded me to tell you Oh
oh and please tell Richard to calm down
he's scary
hey Jack ignore everything that Jan
tells you and display how you thought I
I agree I just you know I I can't be on
trying to get stuff accomplished and
then general be entertaining for you
guys do you like to entertain people
it's it's almost as if that's what we
like to do oh my
nice nice that took away most of it yeah
took away their estimate oh they didn't
love you yeah that's what we're doing
Sam yeah that's really nice both scream
side by it's really well done that's
another really slow burn too which is
nice yeah yeah I love seventies sci-fi
movies mm-hmm where everything's just a
set and you know it and they don't care
the opening of that movie it's it's
paying across the landscape when it's
such an obvious miniature but it's so
yeah there's TV show TV shows are
Logan's around yeah that's me
sci-fi or something have a very powerful
one service oh yeah
it's like looking for seals I don't know
there's a show why I got there I was
like ah it's amazing how many movies
have been adapted into really horrible
failed TV shows you know what last lot
last time I forgot about the pine resin
oh by the way possessed by a demon of
some sort
man oh yeah it's jail they're remaking
Logan's Run and the creator of Bioshock
is writing it okay okay okay wait
Bioshock one just says Bioshock I think
it's the same guy oh it's all saying
that it thinks again the line for both
okay I mean I didn't mind Bioshock 1 why
can't I use my flesh Oh cuz you have the
flu jams up what the menu jams oh I hate
that
yeah the dance block the demons attack
with the shield yeah that didn't seem to
do much that's helpful beans yeah that's
who I was talking about that's why I
kept saying ken Levine how pine resin
how long's it where should I use it
right now
ah that's it that's a good question do
you want to wait for the chance let me
do I use this right now or should I do
it right before I attack now we have to
wait for this afford to catch up use the
resin now all right
resin resin resin resin resin Jack I
assume that says what I fuck and R and
uh I don't know is she a nice lady into
the shoot does she say it shares similar
interests of me she's needy Atlas
Shrugged yeah you know what I know by
look by the way I like The Fountainhead
did you ever read The Fountainhead and
rinrin book Star Trek oh okay I liked
The Fountainhead but the Tom head was
about a guy who was the best at what he
did and he didn't look at this look at
this right
just a pint our time resin sorry you got
oh shit
I think rich is down guys
rich dropped the controller they're
staring straight it I think it brings a
bitch out the control he's coming back
so the question is is when he cheats the
boss is it gonna be worth I didn't see
him like the pine resin did that much
more damage I mean it probably
if people in chat I believe you that the
pine resin did more damage it just
didn't seem languages okay that's a
hundred extra damage well I know I'm
sure it didn't just Gina it just didn't
yeah The Fountainhead is about like a
really selfish egotistical guy which is
why I liked it you can I'm very selfish
and egotistical and I always think I'm
right too and so you know it's a fine
book if if you want to be pat on the
head and say that your ideas are better
than everyone else's
I wasn't talking about movies I was
talking about books so fuck you I
haven't talked about movies for a while
I was talking about The Fountainhead
maybe they just saw the Atlas Shrugged
will be and I think oh I saw my books
yeah I like books
Maria book back down you know apparently
after you do your knife attack he's
stunned for a moment so you can you
might be able to get into quick comment
all
I'll work in notary Jamboree to go boys
that's your paper
oh you know what my favorite book is the
ear the eye and the arm it's like it's
it's a book I read when I was
sixth grade by Nancy farmer and it's
about detectives with mutant powers in
South Africa it is honestly just the
neatest it's a it's like a it's a young
adults book obviously ever any when I
was in sixth grade it's a book that
you've read every once in a while just
to rekindle my love of reading and it's
just a nice like little kid and his
sister go on an adventure and it's it's
really great the year the
we can't save save this for nothing and
it's recorded forever now I'm going to
yeah I don't want to see a dragon no
we're done rich beep we're done we're
done we're done we're done with the game
we're just gonna leave it's a tweet you
guys we're gonna leave it right here
Ritchie's done most of the work I don't
I don't want to dragon do this ok now
you can do whatever you
I didn't turn it off just you can turn
it off
hi hey guys that was the stream I hope
you enjoyed it as much as we didn't the
previously recorded jam play now and if
you want you can ask us questions and
we'll hang around for a second but we're
not we're not gonna play I mean rich is
playing the game right now but I don't
walk here I'm not hardcore play he's
just walking around and looking so you
can talk to us
all praise to all praise to the Jimmy
James everybody oh there was the dragon
and it killed you it killed you oh my
god oh my god the dragon killed him in a
fiery death remove skeleton quick thank
you you just closed out the section
section follow them man
three percent of the game is now be dead
well so would what it seems like to me
is is there there is a bit of an up in
that a ton of the game is the grind
because you know you beat you have to
beat all these little enemies and that's
what gives you your soul and you go back
to the bonfire and you use the little
enemies to like stat up so there's so
there's there's a big grind element that
we were missing by just running past
everyone and that kind of sucks but the
grind also hones your fighting skills
you know like your dodge timing and all
that damn okay so I'm okay with this I'm
gonna give this a legit chance later not
right now I'm surprised this is no it's
not your computer so I can yeah yeah
yeah unless somebody wanted to buy me
Dark Souls no you need to tell them your
steam name first you know try running
past all the enemies Jack we and we did
you not watch the last part of the
stream it's not a grind are you telling
me that defeating the same enemies over
and over again just to gain a little bit
of xp to the upgrade your stuff is not a
grind cuz you're wrong that's what
grinding is it's fun it's a fine grind
because you're you're also leveling up
your muscle memory but it's still a
grind
Dark Souls 2 is easier apparently
stop stop taking all your armor off
no thanks for that advice cuz no man
know what fucking my steam name Oh No
yeah yeah fine fucker chard ch ard and
how will people know it's you I've got
like 400 to 500 hours into XCOM okay
and that's that's that's your steam
that's my steam name oh my god
you don't have to but do some research
before streaming your next game but yeah
but this is all part of it like we were
learning the game I think learning the
game is a bad idea
next time it's either gonna be a game
we're familiar with or we're gonna do
our research mm-hmm this is all new to
us this streaming game business stuff so
lesson learned lesson learned
yeah when will season six of the curve
on skis be released tomorrow heads up
heads up check out bro season will start
tomorrow and it'll be on the patreon
page patreon.com/lenguin
dot corn slash patreon sly colon kicks
Verbinski grunts I thought it might be
interesting for people just to watch us
figure out the game as it goes but it's
it went in an area too long maybe a too
long it probably got boring for people
who know the game and and it definitely
got frustrating for us we're gonna do a
game we know next the next dream we will
try another like light-hearted foreplay
or something that's open world or you
can just fuck around in general yeah
according to the Twitter's someone is
sending here Nintendo 64 with some four
player games
oh yeah I I have I still have a Nintendo
64 I mind if I don't might not know
where the cords are okay so but someone
someone is sending it here and so
there's a possibility of some four
player in 64 years someone I saw someone
in the chat mentioned Donkey Kong
Country the shit out of that you know
the 64 had the ugliest fucking games
though the fucking Super Nintendo look
better sure it was 2d but you traded
crisp beautiful 16-bit 2d sprites huh
for fucking blurry low resolution
a gunship I hated the n64 I'm sorry I'm
sorry that your heart is filled with so
much hate it progress progress isn't
always pretty
I think the only thing I've ever played
for the n64 was the first Mario game for
it piracy support yeah that was when I
kind of got out of video games yeah
Super Nintendo is what I played the most
on mmm-hmm I have a Super Nintendo yeah
it's like this is the one I played the
most as a kid I still play my Super
Nintendo play Super Smash TV it's the
worst game it's the worst it is it's a
twin stick shooter with a control pad
that doesn't have any stinks oh it's
pretty bad but I played the shit out of
it because that's all we have one game
and now I bought it as an adult floor
the memories okay let's see what's in
the chat because we're gonna leave in
just a little bit
did it in 64 was ugly but it wasn't you
know it was something look I'm not
saying every game was bad I like Mario
64 I like fluid of time fluid of time
but in general and as good as those
games were they were ugly and everything
that came out and the system was ugly
yeah yeah mice mice team is out there
it's Harlech har la ck you can you can
friend me by the way during this stream
121 people have friended me and so there
there might be a little delay in me
hitting okay for everyone but you can
all be my friend and see whenever I play
Team Fortress 2 because that's what I
play most of the time you can all friend
me but just fair warning I like never do
multiplayer games hey rich hope you're
ready for your Dark Souls copy yay he is
ready no I wouldn't mind exploring this
on my own
yeah without like an audience is weird
yeah I think this video games are really
tough like that like especially more
modern game you know I think there was
an era n64 really helped that era of
party play that's that's been a Nintendo
thing yeah cuz like group this is not a
party game this is not a group play
that's why I think the next dream
lemming will talk why I don't know I'm
not gonna say it's gonna be it for sure
but something weird like mr. mosquito
might be flat well you know what like
we'll have you bringing your ps2 and
maybe we'll find some because Jesse
really wants to play Katamari Damacy
yeah so I can bring that in I could
bring in mr. mosquito and we can play it
like on ball was mr. mosquito that's
where you're a little cartoony mosquito
and you fly around this family's house
and you have to suck blood out of them
without them squishing you so it's
fascinating
I would play that it's not the best game
in the world but it's so weird
here this cartoony mosquito and there's
a relatively realistic human beings
walking around and they're giant rich
does have a lot of XCOM hours it's very
true it's all single-player I just keep
replaying that game I love it
Len campus's he does not work at
Petsmart he has pets we know we know we
didn't know that when we did the first
you know then we discovered later yeah
the skull forest episode we had no idea
about any details of mr. Capas in skis
life now he was a man of mystery and
that sort of intrigued us yeah it was a
mystery to us we didn't know what the
deal was with Len yeah till we invited
him out here mmhmm yeah we all sleep in
the warehouse
we have bunk beds I should describe her
house it would save me a lot of money no
did you remove the skeleton I did room
we did open we removed all the skeletons
I'll be we can we can do duo medic you
can pocket medic me I'll pocket med at
you and it'll be a super fun time oh my
god I'm we're losing
we're losing guys we're losing I'm
losing me what do you mean I'm very
confused why why are we losing mo my
brain asked Utley
yeah it's getting late
would would I consider playing tf2 on
stream yeah I don't know how would a
first person shooter look on the stream
no I listen I just play tf2 so I just
might dream that next time I do a stream
or next time we do a stream rich has
never played it but heat rich also
doesn't like you want to look at it yeah
okay you're going I'm sorry um rich has
never played tf2 no so maybe maybe we
can do a thing like that where we're
rich and I play tf2 and try but also
rich does not like multiplayer games
but but you'll find out more about that
next previous leader huh oh my god thank
you I have no idea how I pulled off that
phone call oh my god that was so great
mud Mike just hands the phone to you
yeah I know I know
well when Mike was talking about doing a
prank call the thought came into my head
stranded in a 747 pilot had a heart
attack calling so I had that basis I
didn't know he's gonna hand the phone to
me it was so great that's that's why
you're the greatest is because yeah I
was just watching I was just watching
and amazed at what was happening in
front of me so now I can that could
never happen again though he's the next
99 times out of 100 he's gonna hand the
phone to me and I'm just gonna like ahh
but we can't we caught that lightning
morning gray one in 99 ahhh super
metroid any of the Metroid games I will
play the shit out of all the time
look at stream game new Metroid app
appeals
Metroid's fun Metro is just fun so who
cares
why don't you play the walking dead I
don't I don't like that laughter they
got they got playing quotes it's a joke
alright they don't think it's a real
game good thank you
thank you I don't care it doesn't have
to be a standard game that's a different
kind of experience it's an it's an
interactive story if they want to make
an interactive story I'm fine with that
yeah then call it an interactive story
don't they I don't know actually
make Jack play other ending it's not
like they advertise it as a shooter no
it's a but they but it's a it's it's a
glacier I guess I mean it's not my fat
this point you know what telltale does
yeah you know what to tell tell game
yeah yeah yeah that's true and you know
what it's it's not like it's not like I
I dislike that kind of stuff there was a
game for the D s called Hotel dusk and
it was all dialogue trees and all it was
it was like almost like a
point-and-click it was a detective story
you're out you were a hotel detective
and it was great because you had the
figure shit out and you know you would
talk to people and you would try to get
information from them and so the
dialogue Treves tree served a gameplay
purpose of trying to get certain
information out of people yeah that was
super fun I liked hotel bus that's the
only dialogue tree as I've ever liked
Hotel that's it yeah and I did play
other em and I did not much care for it
it was not my kind of Metroid game I
haven't played it but it sounds like
they ruin Samus yeah it sounds like they
set back women's rights firm for
hundreds of years it's kind of the joke
of the game because you know like mostly
most of the time for a Metroid game what
you I don't know anything
yeah well for most Metroid games the
shtick is that you you explore and find
your power-ups but for this one
your ex-boyfriend the boss tells you
when you can use your power-ups oh and
there's a certain section in the game
where you have to cross some acid and
you have an acid shield but your
boyfriend doesn't tell you you can wear
it yet so you have to hurt yourself by
walking through acid Jesus even though
you have the acid shield
yeah it's dumb well people hate that
game because what a Samus was originally
a kind of just a silent badass female
mm-hmm and this turns her into kind of
uh mousy listen to the man kind of
female yeah but also like Metroid is
about exploration and the game had no
explanation elements to it like not just
the whole gender equality or whatever
bullshit whatever and just real quick
cuz it got kinda bumped up in the chat I
would love to stream X come that's
possibility okay sorry oh no and that's
the second let's do that because I have
not played XCOM I would so I would not
mind playing at that again yeah so so
yeah I I would like to play X calm but
this game I'd like to get into I think
XCOM XCOM is very daunting to me because
because of how people how much people
get into it and so that's XCOM seems
like a commitment oh no no huh yeah how
many hours do you next go that doesn't
mean it's like hard to pick up oh no
it's not hard to pick up I guess my
commitment I mean I would get into it so
much is that a bad thing if you find
something
no man I really don't want to meet the
love of my life
I just don't want to do that no yeah
yeah I guess that's true there's just
there's only so much loving yeah yeah oh
man
instant coffee are brewed if you guys
want to talk coffee
I can tell coffee I have a pour-over
coffee and I grind my beans every trip
it doesn't matter how much cream or
sugar you put in coffee it always tastes
bitter to me yeah well I'm not a coffee
drinker you I'll make you some coffee
one day it smells like it's bitter its
glorious coffee's a glorious thing you
know we were um I have a coffee story
it's getting late guys this is John I
was about I was about to get into a
coffee story that's how we this was
going I will save that for the other
stream thank you guys for coming
um wait before we go but before I go why
did you call it previously recorded it
so you can do this right so you can do
previously recorded live why does nobody
get that's the joke is that we're doing
this less the jokes people
the show is previously recorded which is
just fine but this is previously
recorded live and when you watch the
archive of the stream its previously
recorded live previously recorded it's
it's a fine joke let's um let's let's go
let's go let's go bye guys thanks for
coming and have be excellent to each
other
