Episode 044
Gunpoint A.K.A. PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE GAME
September 6, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZzq66H5GxE
___________________________________________

nope still can't that's great
oh that's cuz I have to do that okay oh
hey you guys are probably seeing
gunpoint now that's fun seeing a black
screen well give it a second oh that's
right this is behind it's always behind
this what you guys do name port
oh there goes yep hope and I'm hearing
some exciting tech support actions on
the previously but cut it
did you control-alt-delete oh that
probably hurt okay that's an serif on
move over you knock your socks off yay
socks this game is fun did you just get
thrown out of a plate-glass window no I
work at the gun company across the road
someone just got thrown out of your
window I don't want to talk about it I
was actually about to call you about
something else but now I'm more
interested in this well trying to move
on why are you reading it so people you
old people didn't hear it what's going
on there maybe it's too small on their
screen oh okay it's little tiny text I'm
just trying to be nice sorry I won't
read that Jay you can write I didn't
know I was just curious why Jay Jay stop
you from reading I don't care if you
read reading is why you weren't readings
for nerds true okay go ahead you keep
breathing keep breathing rich I'll try
to move on what did you need I guess I
just sound like I'm in pain cuz I just
fell on the guy well whatever
my name's Selena Delgado my boss rook
says you're some kind of freelance spy I
might have a job for you want to come up
sure
buzz me in alright Jack the movement
peace cuz you're used to gamepads w a s
and d
nope okay yeah they see there's uh that
door press up to go and the door the
doors stairwell okay can you go up again
oh my god somebody just drew what's her
face I have a window is this because I
move too slow
no it's because that's plot okay you
just discovered plot y a plot that
camera but still right now
camera saw you that's it you can't avoid
that can't a boy to Jack it's just it's
gonna happen you got all the oh wait hey
listen this is my first time playing
this these controls are terrible oh
you're just used to gamepad the
struggles are fine you can do one hand
with just like the gamepad if you want
her to remap the keys with your your
xpadder or whatever that program is in
case it's not already obvious long Falls
don't kill you now you can just jump out
of that window but they kill other
people
well you you have you and you're
actually well you'll see why you're
wearing magic pants they're not really
magic but I'm wearing magic pants oh
good yeah you guys found the fuck but we
got we finally got our football emoticon
oh nice exit stage right
there's nothing else you can do them not
that I know of I don't think there's
anything else we look at this is the
jumping controls hold down jump and you
aim it's why I think you don't play with
a a gamepad there's the jumping and then
there's equipment you get later this we
use multi heavy heinie
yeah yeah but do you see me jump Dan
yeah are you this little for the whole
game yeah dear Lord
again you can also climb on the side of
buildings ok night yeah 114 seconds
earlier oh my God look at all the fuck
boss yeah congratulations on purchasing
your new bullfrog brand hyper trousers
yeah Jeff yeah caution a maximum
straight Frank's a maximum strength jump
may share
glass ceilings windows and children
outdoor use only
hmm ah that's that's how you fell you
see ya see they did it they did a thing
that's fun
he did a thing we with the chatot on
here is it not gonna happen
ah don't worry about it it's been Oh
point gun point
oh the title came up just come on now
for the people watching lag let's sit
here oh sorry I'm supposed to be gone
way this is Melanie rook Selena Devin
Gatto worked for me do you have time to
talk
oh oh okay er oh these are text messages
yeah yeah haha Jack are there spikes in
this game I don't know yeah this is my
first time I asked if there are spikes
in the game spoilers there are no spikes
oh no that's a big spoiler okay let's
see here I know you didn't kill Selena I
just watched the footage you walked
right in front of a security camera on
their way to Selena's office after the
shots were fired but the East Point
Police won't look beyond an easy
conviction the footage puts you at the
scene and I have to turn it over to them
why do you care or I agree that I am
boned why do you care Brooke his typing
brush Selena was a friend I want her
real killer caught in fact I wanted dead
but once he's in jail so that becomes
simpler to achieve I have to hand that
footage over if I have it let's make
sure I don't have it I've wiped my copy
but my camera feeds get backed up to a
data center and five different off-site
locations if you can wipe them all
hearing that clear and the police won't
have to find the real killer that
actually sounds fairly wise
head to the dataset facility at Port
Health I'll make sure the front door is
open but here take it familiar there I
hate this voice you're doing that's my
that's my leg let me let me try it
that's much worse
oh my god girl like breathy kind of I
should say they're both bad okay oh no I
don't want someone to feel that they're
better than the other because they're
both bad okay okay good no I feel if you
look at the bottom before you go into
the Miss showing there's some things
down okay and it's kind of a half up
grades because you can like change your
mind and go back and just reassign your
points oh okay bullfrog jump strength
increases both speed and distance
traveled charge of full strength jump
more quickly well I probably want that
yeah then you don't have enough to buy
anything right now but there's also a
shop and you can buy like got upgraded
moves and new things you can do okay
cool hey that's cool yeah I feel like
Jack is not the official girl sorry J
sorry that's alright okay let's accept
this I'll get thirty dollars to prove my
innocence
anything at all your proving your
innocence okay let's try a little more
subtle remove feminine voice Jackson
third girl boy yeah you're right I
should do the girl boys okay I'll try
something a little more subtle on the
top floor of this building there's a
bank of servers with a computer nearby
if you can get to that you can wipe the
evidence that you were at our offices
when Selena was killed how do I get in
I've had one of our tech guys open the
front door for you their electrical
systems are hackable from here but for
obvious reasons their servers aren't how
do I wipe the data I've seen your record
this will be within your abilities once
you're in the scrubber script I'm
sending you will Auto wipe anything with
today's data ending in dot mp4 that's
really nice that they use the Adobe
codec because it says it's not you know
it's smaller font mission special
appearance by space cop hold down the
left mouse button this is there a
mijeong these are the early tutorial
esque ones i mean you literally just run
into the building and grab what you need
this is all i want to do in the game I
don't want to walk I can only assume I
have to jump over that light so I'm not
seeing them no surprisingly no I kept
doing that and doing it and it turns out
it never makes a difference oh really
yeah cuz like wow
whoa that's cool saying I should be able
to go you can't you can't jump through
the window while you're on it I think
you know what that makes sense let's fry
maybe maybe I just did it wrong but one
time I tried a lot so it's worth trying
I can't reach no that's fine I'll go up
here okay that need moms over thinks it
shows you whether you're on that's right
there that's your main objective now go
into the room under that every that
seems most every levels got like a
little tiny laptop okay we're like a
collectable data file then I can steal
yeah like read emails
sure sure I get hope oh that's the most
fun just flopping all right
pack two please subject private security
I've heard grumbling lately from some
officers about your private security
assignments since we merged with the
state's largest security firm the East
Point Police Department now serves both
roles you might not like working for a
corporation but your job is the same
protect and serve with the endless
budget cuts we've been through the new
funding from the merger is the only
reason we've seen halfway adequate
equipment okay great so this is some
kind of like cyberpunk II type kind of
world and and much like Robocop the
corporations over the police okay but
basically all those laptops are just
gonna be like flavored type things I
don't think there's anything plot
necessary in those now if you want to
get out of building quickly of course
I'm jumping I'm jumping everywhere
should call this game of leapfrog I am
not doing anything okay you could rein
it to at the end of the mission like
violence you didn't you didn't hurt
anybody or kill anybody okay so your
rank is gentlemen nice witnesses nobody
saw you ghost noise you didn't get a low
enough or high enough ranking to get
anything sure and the time it took you
forever so it caused you cold
thoughtful oh okay sure I get you
continue all right good job
Thanks nice and simple yeah our feeds
are backed up at four more facilities
the other slightly better garden but
nothing too taxing I'll give you the
addresses in order of security it's
frankly I have no idea how good you are
oh fuck you bitch okay you can skip all
these stupid just by going back alright
so let's do that
skip cutscenes everyone take a drink I
like some of the dialogue though you're
a mess okay okay
oh wait neither the shop I can't afford
nothing bitch ends when you like you're
doing the tutorial stuff right now next
the next mission is how to deal with
with guards okay okay oh where am I I'm
over here I'm very tan you jump over it
no move your muscle my own you see how
it's white oh okay I see that you see
that cop there you don't move the mouse
in front of the copper he's looking see
how it's red mm-hmm that's the red is
what he can see before you move into an
area if you want to like start it out
I see you see what they can see before
you you jump in and get noticed sure cuz
when they shoot they shoot quick you
don't gonna have time to dodge
everything so I see you it's like
instant death no okay righto so you if
you jump are you go here and it's not
that no cuz he's looking the other way
hahaha video game logic yes
great okay so now I jump on and jump on
him
but punch it only takes one punch what
you're doing is fine - that's probably
okay okay okay you can stop not do it
Jesus Christ wait you just doing this to
see if there's any more messages because
that is among the worst reasons to punch
someone in the face on it and and I mean
now I just want to keep punching yes
yeah he's gonna you guys this is now
punch a face punch simulator that's all
playing he's he's dead by the way you
only need to punch him lunch to knock
them out if you punch them ten times
they die oh really
there's there's some secondary
objectives where you don't want to leave
witnesses anybody who sees you Wow
if you want to get the secondary
objective you have to kill them sure
pork don't be seen in the first place
but I'm just gonna keep right okay is
there is there an achievement for
punching this guy in the face I got I
got one I don't know if it popped up
when I didn't see it but I got one that
said oh Jesus Christ here you go already
it was something along those lines I'm
just gonna keep punching on the face I'm
at almost 400 times is there any reason
in the gameplay that you're so tiny so
you can see the whole map and plan what
you do okay yeah it's very tiny it's so
little you'll see with some of the
larger levels why that's nice alright
cuz what you're doing eventually is
you're rerouting like electrical sockets
like you're taking the light switch
and you move like the input and lights
wish to open a door things like this
you're gonna see what's on the other
side building there's a good reason for
it alright you know I've gotten this far
I'm gonna punch him in the face of okay
sounds everybody do it punches I'm just
punching a guard in the face
but you know Matt's 700 already so it's
the my objective disappointed punches oh
yeah they said this is like the Fight
Club game oh yeah you just punch yes
this is the bailiff fight that's right
this is the best ring you guys just want
to talk for a little bit while I focus
somebody wants you to go to ten thousand
ten function in the face oh you guys I
accidentally jumped off of him oh fuck I
don't know all you had to do is stand
there and click over and over and you
fucked it up that's amazing how far did
you get Jack I wasn't looking I 800 700
so here here here's the deal you got a
garden in that room there's a locked
door between you that's why you can't
see him now if you mouse over like the
game go I guess that stupid things in
the way yeah you can't open those red
doors it's like a handprint thing only
the guards can open those so you gotta
find a way to get him to open the door
right so now you see that little thing
with some weights wait hey hey okay hey
yeah if you can't figure out the
tutorial yeah yeah then I'm in trouble
here in trouble so I haven't even read
what's gone okay a laptop hack copying
clothes great all right
so now liquid that is great Vamsi once
you liked Earl white or something like
that and get their attention they just
start patrolling back and forth oh okay
I'm with you I'm secondly if the
autosave is pretty generous do I just
have to do a crazy fast or is he gonna
and he might see you so be careful you
want to stay near over his head or
behind him got it I gotta get out I'll
get out don't worry about that I get out
I did not know that you could climb on
the fuckin yeah oh yeah monkey you're
like monkey men monkey man with bullfrog
pants that's what they call me
Hey yeah jump no that way
oh you son of a bitch violence
yay for violence Peter alright upgrade
yeah I just want to jump higher now I
guess maybe I'll jump I don't want a
bullfrog cuz fuck it can change it at
any time Jack yeah Stu it's too generous
if you ask me now rewire electric
devices I'll probably need that yeah it
doesn't that matter crosslink oh you
need you need to crush link that's
you're gonna be using that old game this
is where like the real game starts in
with the crosslink okay this is where
you doing that's what you still do the
ReWalk rewiring shit so do I need it yet
no you need before you get it okay great
alright let's go next weekend good I
don't care about any of crap you say
lady I'm sorry
alright now to use the crosslink yeah
move the mouse wheel to scroll okay you
sit on light switch yeah click on dragon
see the door that's red red red things
you can interact with other red things
so yeah like move that to the door up
top it can't see that doors locked now
use the switch oh I get it yeah awesome
fun
also you can knock out guards with doors
by having the doors open in their face
what yeah that's fun
this laptop back having closed you're
not reading anyway the window cuz I was
supposed to do him there's a window and
he always jump
let's go okay
I know don't tell me anything right so
I'm gonna figure this one out yeah yeah
I'm just I'm just diving look this isn't
like XCOM crazy-rich okay Mike I'm
flamed you're doing everything wrong
because you were doing everything good
this is my back but that's how you learn
you make mistakes and then you learn by
climbing in front of that guy's light
aside you got shot yeah basic basic
learning French hey guys I got another
guard Wow
oh my god so I decided not to do it but
that's really funny so nice music to
point it out if you look at the garden
in this view in the blue view you see
those dotted lines the white ones yeah
that's their of their vision range so
you know which way they're looking so
he's facing that door so if you come up
the stairs yeah we'll probably see you
right away
right you know what I'm with ya
little seal the white thing that goes
down you've got connected the wrong way
you got the door going into the switch
let's switch going into the door oh
you're doing some kind of crazy feedback
thing too cuz you're having to go to the
door and the doors oh the switch
connected to that there we go
that's what I wanted to do I killed him
i electrocuted that guy can I punch him
in the face now um no no god damn it
this game sucks and well let me punch
cards in the face nearly as often as I'd
like is there a game called face punch
complaints punch you you can't you can't
set up that door so it opens the other
way and the garden knock himself out
when he tries to open the door there's
no level there's not wondering every
level okay
I thought you said there was I like I
said most yeah I said if I could say
every applicants walk come on turn out
the lights again
oh wait I forgot this one there's a game
called kickpuncher isn't that from
community yeah I think that's that's a
Libyan community called kickpuncher
sometimes people take fake things and
make them into real things no that's
weird
fit make make fake premises and make
them into real video games
yes that's weird hey Tony veloute to
Jack I allude I've alluded to a lot
tonight I don't know if people realize
all I got way to do but that's all right
hey everybody I'm gonna take a little
break and let's go ahead to the chatty
oh yeah I'm sorry
oh hey Jays gonna take over at our
kitchen Oh am i you're so okay cuz rich
isn't here alright so guys how are all
of you how are all 500 of you hey ah
there's a new best of the worst coming
soon it's being edited at the moment and
one of the movies that we do for it we
had never heard of before but
immediately after doing the episode I
discovered that it's on Netflix right
now should I say what it is I mean I
guess it doesn't matter it's called
chochmah yeah if nothing else watched
the trailer for it on YouTube because
it's an amazing trailer and quite
possibly later this week you'll have the
new preview second quarter
oh great why everyone that's an
exclusive even I didn't know that yeah
almost time I was just adding graphics
one twitch right now
when it's the sequel to pork pork in
space they only the farthest that ever
got was a title I had a title for my
short film pork Parkin space and the
title was going to be pork pork in space
in space the movie itself went into
space but I don't think that'll ever
that's a novel idea I don't think
that'll ever come to pass the music at
the start of each Plinkett review is just
generic stock music you guys I noticed
you fast that several times I wish I had
a more exciting answer for you but
that's it
it's we have a library of music and
that's one of the tricks it's
cost-effective mm-hmm we use it
sometimes for Half in the Bag to carry my
authorized to play this game while
you're screwing room probably not I got
a second yeah okay Wow I was I was
logging Jane what were you doing to me
how did I not notice this so what does
everybody think of that new Nicki Minaj
song yeah I heard it today it's just the
worst the worst thing was doing good
booth it wasn't a good function um
retirement turnarounds fucking Ninja
Turtle movie or Amazing Spider Man I
want to be positive
okay what it easy that's good or listen
to or whatever nothing absolutely I've
been watching some Penn & Teller's
bullshit
oh yeah that's a fun show okay I never
watched it shouldn't I be able to jump
and kill this guy
well that windows somehow you really
can't get through it
yeah it's like you go through the window
when your momentum is the highest but I
can hear the top of your jump you you
slow down I can get through it you get
you could probably you know successfully
jump through a second-story window yeah
and kill yeah okay Nicki Minaj let's
talk about making another somewhere oh
it's someone s about the movie blue ruin
I haven't washed it yet but I want to
that's my my review I haven't seen it a
fan tennis I did just watch only lovers
left alive jim jarmusch his new movie
and it was really good I took I took the
non-lethal approach myself but during
the same window that's pretty deep fuck
it I'm a terrible spy now people are
gonna think they're gay lovers
oh now he's looking this way
cuz you made a noise jumping out the
window alert him I did it yeah
oh but the doors closed oh okay
that's not good yeah the elevator dings
he'll turn around again oh it doesn't
Dan yet fuck that fuck that thing in
fuck oh you know what I got this fuck
yeah you know for ever again I forget
lot of you fucks together I got the know
that that dumb there underneath that
button that's not electrical socket yeah
do you put power to that like if you
activate that it's like it'll well the
guard standing over it it'll get me
shocked yeah I killed that guy with that
oh that's right you did okay okay so I
guess so Dom hey what movies have you
ever walked out on have any of you ever
walked out of the movie desperately
wanted to walk out of Attack of the
Clones desperately but the person who
got me in free was there then it would
have been highly rude what about Revenge
of the Sith I think that one was
probably easier to sit that was easier
to sit there than attack the clubs
yeah it's nothing I didn't walk out on
it either or we would have missed the
the most amazing moments in any of our
experiences in the theater
yes misguidedly my dad took me to see
what was the movie with Rosie O'Donnell
and Dan Aykroyd whoever they went to
like the vid no you've totally other
things to eat an exit to eat him dan
Aykroyd and Rosie O'Donnell went to a
fetish sex Island that's the movie and
my dad took me to see that movie because
it was like oh you like movies it's a
comedy and I didn't know anything about
dan Aykroyd sure and we had to walk out
halfway through because people were
spanking each other yeah all things S&M;
outfits a boner Jodi and I want to say
that the book that it's based on was
written by
and rice I could be wrong about that but
I want to say that yeah I believe it I
don't think I've ever walked out on a
movie I walked out on wild wild West's
it wasn't it wasn't an affair it was
when I was living in the dorms during my
college days and they would have movie
nights the main floor and I walked out
of that movie but never in a theater I
wanted to walk out Godzilla not the new
one the 98 one but as their my little
brother and he liked it Nina
he just any regular switch can activate
it here's this which there's not some
switch on this level here's a switch
okay I got this you got a good bond I'm
dead no oh come here because it keeps
calling the elevator down you can't get
in not so who keeps kept you have to
turn off one of the connections but I
want to make sure he's still dead
you can stay dead very good there yeah
he's cuz they did good night eyes in it
I killed ever it's gonna go back up in
English you got that elevator link to
the top one of us and every time you get
to the bottom it activates the one to go
up top just put it into itself it'll
turn off yeah
Oh hacking hack I don't know what's
wrong with you jack I got all this stuff
right away uh-huh
I can't really easily to me well do you
but you didn't kill the guards like I
did we know I still only got around the
guards oh wait wait forgot what what did
you forget we have two laptop okay great
got it
get out of here we as long as I keep
falling and splattering like that
the guy that keeps asking about the
Plinkett music I have no sufficient
answers for you I'm so sorry we it stock
music its stock music we have many
libraries since they've come from many
different sources please please stop
asking the question is now been answered
twice please stop asking and spamming
the chat Omega and that call yeah
don't with your business and yes please
send us more new keys we do it all for
the new key you guys we need like maybe
three or four more new keys before and
then we have we have a plan what do you
have a plan three or four hundred yeah
we need many more knows you know just I
know what I want to do with them but
nobody else agrees with I know I know
what I would do we have multiple ideas
on what to do with all of our new keys
and someday we will utilize them I've
actually seen new key nobody else here
has I saw it when it first came out on
video it may be the first movie I
enjoyed ironic you you would say it's
worse than Nick and me yo god yes god oh
god yes I even I despise Mac admit I
despise it it'll be your favorite movie
after watching new key oh yeah I'm
looking forward to that one
great she's just taken the rent for the
murder
oh by the way I typed I typed got it I
was not paying attention I did watch
Snooky before it was cool you're right
I'm a new hipster only did you skip the
chat I'll summarize it she's she's a
jail for the murder that's mine
brown black trenchcoat committed okay
that you erased all the security tapes
for prove that she wasn't there
gotcha save your own ass and now you're
trying to ease ease drop on that guy in
the top story to see what he knows about
it is he's this corporate guy so a
little square area by the door just need
to get there okay now here's where you
bought the different devices the
upgrading crosslink yeah you can you can
automatically with level starts anything
red you can play around with right Oh
green green items you need to get to
that that switch box on the bottom
corner before you can utilize green
circuits so you need you need to get
access okay so you need to get green
little green cameras attached to the
door so the camera sees you the door
will open you only need an attached
going one way it's now attached at all
now the door won't open
what the fuck what the fuck is he has
what do you think of the game jack
that's fine
fun and not everything you were hoping
for no no I was willing you know but
we're still tutorials obviously which is
actually part of the problem dad I love
it it's a simple women it's not as
complicated as I'd like yet I've done a
lot of the same kind of things over and
over
yeah but but I enjoy this game
how is production on space cop going
that we're getting there
we're getting there we got about five
percent of the movie done yeah so we
estimated it'll be another five six
years and then we'll be at least on
shooting well we got the hard stuff well
the second hardest stuff out of the way
no I would say the hardest stuff it's 5%
oh yeah we're still doing a thing
no we've got a fair amount done uh we
shot some stuff last week regimes and
stuff next week so we'll see we would
like to have it done by the end of the
year but we'll see
you watch me have no idea what I'm doing
it's not the most difficult thing it's
not well just because you're smart
doesn't mean the rest of us are it's a
door is that I just sit up to the
switches that's not door that's
emotional you go from there and
activates things or her guard walks
through one of those and activates
things oh well let's see and that's it
no it's an archway so if you hook that
up the door and walk through it the door
would open but when you go back through
hack it got it see it looks like a door
I'm pretty sure I understand I probably
should have been paying attention to the
channel Lemos you mouse-over you read
what it says it'll tell you what it is
well the CGI in space got to be better
than an asylum movie there will be very
little CGI in space cop we're trying to
give a lot of practical stuff
there's probably switch place your
subjects where I could read the chip oh
sure I think that's a final yeah yeah
okay I'm playing y'all riches just remit
your chat send rich your love you chat
love you Jimmy James Jimmy James anymore
do you say that any more than I do or is
it all of your system at this point
mostly out of my system okay i whenever
i reached for a word that i don't know
what it is I just say jam that I'm
saying something like um or like I see
which I feel is more appropriate than I
more like so we did another commentary
track at any point yeah there will be
more commentary tracks we got some ideas
we don't have his time no we plan on
doing some more sometime soon okay great
talking about the one that just never
works every time we try oh yeah we've
tried Howard the Duck multiple times
Late Late twice yeah better once normal
and it was just too boring
you run out of stuff to talk about cuz
the movies bad in a really generic way
so you just run out of things to say
yeah so so we tried with you and my
drunk we tried an experiment and I got
that was the night if anyone ever saw
our Twitter we were tweeting at Ryan
Gosling to be in space cup that was that
night that was that was drunk J that was
yeah that well it was Jesse instigator
he told me to start tweeting that Ryan
Gosling and he never responded but yeah
that was that was just a mess we're like
well maybe it'll be funny if it's a mess
but it wasn't funny so multiple times
we've tried to do how are the duck and
it's just never work if you can't beat
that movie it's a generic it's too
generic yeah
and any complaints or anything you can
make fun of it gets old after the first
20 minutes or so there's nothing left do
you think Marvel will will make because
everyone thinks of the teaser at the end
of guardians the galaxy means it's gonna
be Howard the Duck moving out
you know I think they will I saw it as a
joke but apparently the voice of Howard
and that was Seth Green so if they're
gonna go out of your way that casts like
a real actor in the part maybe I don't
know yeah unless Green just wanted a fun
cameo in a bank any friends with James
Gunn all I know is I don't care either
way if they want to make it they can go
ahead and make it they're all obviously
opening up to the weirder stuff at this
point I wouldn't mind seeing them try
enough time has passed since the debacle
from the eighties why not for one I
don't hate the movie as much as
everybody else does for another thing I
actually really like the original with
Steve Gerber written comics yeah yeah
well they're really smart ass right
satirical yeah yeah that would be hard
for them to do a movie that actually
captures that cuz that would be in a
completely different tone than the the
rest of the Marvel stuff even something
like guardians of the galaxy you just
love killing those guys too there's no
way they're my where it
all right yes I do think there will be a
doctor stranger there are yeah yeah
they've already announced that get to
get what they will get with the times
yeah they're already basically wasn't
Doctor Strange movie called doctor
Mordred but charles ban he had the
rights to dr. strange but they elapsed
and then he just made the movie anyway
and change the character's name marbles
marbles Don the standard superhero stuff
yeah and they just recently did the
space aspects of the Marvel Universe and
guardians the galaxy yeah and now they
have to introduce all the mystical shit
and that's gonna be done with Doctor
Strange
but apparently James Kiehl dunks it on
Twitter that it was just a joke okay
well there's your answer okay
they probably will at some point anyway
though even if you mentioned as a joke I
have a feeling someday there will be
another Holika duck I think we're going
to watch it
I think I think a ballsy director but
see that as a chimp oh sure why not
yeah
Richard would you like cast as dr.
strange I don't know anything about the
character sign okay hey I have given
this literally zero thought okay
fuck it George Clooney why not just yeah
all right
he can do anything he can do anything as
long as it's George Clooney
figured it out rich yeah figure it out I
did it you did the thing I did there are
things I need of you I killed two people
congratulations I really liked the
killing the people part did you know you
had the punch in the face oh I got the
psychopath
is the only way you could people in this
game you just punch up enough but are
you pretty great well once you get
enough money you can buy the gun oh my
gosh look that's punching him some more
fun punching news
play punch them to death is great
punches it this you can also you can
even hold people at gunpoint like you
pull the gun on them and they turn
around they see you and they won't move
you can get them like back up okay I'll
get them back up into my fist as a
vitamin you can probably just shoot them
right away and that's fine too
okay good see this one let's see what
this guy has to say who the fuck are you
fuck you I'm starting the mission I
don't even know who you are
oh this this great little light-hearted
and wash story I'm sure all gone with
the wind fuck it I'm good game time just
a jack and jump on people and keep
clicking on okay punch you in the face
it's like a point cook adventure where
my fist is the pointer and their faces
the adventure we're in the full-on game
now hmm let's do that
oh here we go bulky guards aren't
forcers enforcers can't be pinned down
or bashed ha so I can't jump on them and
function in the face no jumping out to
the side like electrocute them and right
stop oh so I actually have to use my
brains or they could fall like that trap
door right there oh my god why would you
build a trap door and I guess are dumb
people aren't dumb
Wow you know a game is boring when
people are clamoring to see papers
please we're gonna do that one we've
only been out for 45 minutes for your
your game is boring when people would
rather watch a game that is literally
just double-checking paperwork
do-do-do-do-do-do
okay let's see what's going on here all
right
but then I need to make some noise
getting along I don't even own a system
that can play Metal Gear 5 let alone the
fact that I'm not particularly
interested in it so that's the most
recent one
yeah we'll be oh it's not out yet I
don't think so I could be wrong I'm not
I'm not a huge Mel gear fan
I don't help think convoluted the
storytelling makes for good storytelling
and some at some point metal geared to
the possessed hand of the main
characters dead brother possesses
another sure turn okay this evil twin
clone brother somebody else who kind of
tell the real time driving simulator no
I've heard of that yeah Brandes draw a
bus from like Vegas is somewhere else
the desert and the bus the bus works you
have to keep any assignments off so you
have to constantly hold down the key a
little bit yeah to stay on the road I've
actually heard about and takes like like
five hours several hours I think that's
wonderful
do you people think that would be more
exciting the stream than gunpoint can
you play that online somewhere is there
an Idolator for it probably that's from
like a cd-rom game right
originally I don't know that I think it
is I think it's like there's like three
mini-games on it and I'd have one of
them I doubt it so fancy that you can't
download quickly are you sure this game
is bad or maybe Jack just sucks at the
game I'm doing a great job I don't know
what you're talking about
what are you doing it was starting on it
what are you doing what's your plan
what's going on here jack
it's I mean yeah you hold that door but
you gotta get down to it yeah oh yeah
yes time is a factor Jack I didn't know
okay wait I see okay I see I see I see
what's going on okay so first of all we
take this switch and we say fuck it get
up and then we go from the camera to the
door hey go we use this game a bit more
interesting I think this is to watch
stream every time I look you're doing
what your strategy is what's is it or do
people just want to hear us talk about
bullsh a wall is something plays in the
background a balance of both let's give
a bounce well you talk about the game
I'm gonna go make a Jack and Coke
hey boy I never knew Jack and Coke but
what a reason I was feeling the taste
for it today
all right Jays gonna get drunk everybody
just want just one we'll see how long
okay people saying this game is bad that
makes me sad
it's I like this game it's very
straightforward if that is a proper one
sure that we're I think this is actually
something that you said earlier where
there's not really enough variety in the
way you're gonna tackle problems this is
the thing yeah and so all you feel like
you're doing is exactly what the
developer like you're you are following
the exact path that the developer wanted
you to follow and so they're like it
lacks that spark you're not you're not
playing it by the seat of your pants and
improv it right yeah you're not just
using the mechanics to figure it out on
your own you're just following the steps
I still think this game is worth
existing it is it's you know what the
art style is really nice the music's
been great Brooke I brought you to
upgrade some stuff but fuck it what does
PlayStation 2 night gonna happen well we
already get it you missed it we had it
it's done it so it's over what so long
thank you thank you for playing that'll
be all you missed a great night and it's
gone forever what are you even talking
about the PlayStation 2 games oh yes a
game station no no no no we did it we
did all the game stations okay so here's
what I'm doing guys so this is a motion
door every time a guard logs through it
right it'll trigger some right only red
mix all there are things so here's
another door so if I do that it should
open the door so this guard can walk
through this one and trigger the green
thing
and then when he triggers the green
thing at all open this door so the other
guard can walk through this door to
trigger the yellow wanna fuck she's all
the desert postgame is online someone
just posted the link to it I'm gonna
copy paste that and maybe we'll save for
later you never got to play that one
chance game either oh yeah that's a plus
yes that's great
you're hoping the runway yeah I know I
needed to rework the way it goes like
the timings off oh you're s oh that's
not gonna work because the switches in
every door there you go Hey now our
timings gonna be up again well you can D
connect it must open oh yeah yeah that
is a good thing to know
okay great that's T connected batson
you'd also theoretically trap them in
there - oh that's right good idea
it's too late now is it yeah maybe next
phase okay you're probably right no they
tried a second forget it I got it okay
maybe no he's no way he's getting back
of time I'm sorry Jim
yeah I know oh my wait okay no I took my
magazine hits the wall
racetrack great see things are going on
that wasn't this more interesting it is
but like I said you know like I said the
solution to this was rather simple yeah
of course we're still here on my loved
ones but it doesn't have that hook you
know
the portal hook if you will the old
portal hook
all right at this guy in here that's
just a lot of waiting - waiting for this
guy to get into this doors - goodness so
I can shut the door and do the finger
thing
okay great so now in the orange room Oh
II guess it's tough to do with the
orange room here that there is an alarm
I don't know if you've seen in the Lamia
this Oh Betsy yeah that's an alarm yes
yeah let's hook up for the camera
well
Decepticon so you ready
wait there's a game called don't shit
your pants really real job oh my god
that didn't work out too well Jack that
did not work out as well as I wanted it
to got to be careful on that top floor
guy I wasn't paying any attention to
don't shit your pants a survival horror
game that sounds great is a screamer oh
I don't know I probably just googled it
well you ever see the scary maze game no
it's it's yeah this is a screamer
disguised as a game just like a maze you
use the mouse to give the cursor to get
through the game if you hit a wall with
the mouse you like start over okay so
first you are pretty simple
yeah but I'm this last one that the
narrows pretty pretty and then they'll
pack weighs pretty narrow so you got to
be really careful with the mouse getting
through okay and once you get through it
triggers of Linda Blair Springer so
you're yellow you're really paying
attention tonight at the walls you're
really focused on your screen
I think anyone that uses a screamer is
an asshole
it's a cheap tactic you should never do
it
people are saying it's not a screamer
but I don't know if we can trust
oh no we can't what if after shopping
the dialer he can shoot me from down
there if he's got a lot of sight on you
oh yeah so we'll just mention the cannon
films documentary I don't think it's out
yet I really want to see it bill
are you are you just about done Jay with
the game yeah I mean maybe whoa
whatever happened to that Fantastic Four
documentary oh yeah that was a doomed
I do mad I don't know when it comes out
who's this one
you get that green door closing up
doesn't matter doesn't matter I'm out of
here okay can't I hear jack jack was
looking so forward to this game I really
wanted that's the other thing and and
now I think he wants to die no no no I
mean it's still it's a very nice game
it's just expectations right okay
it's I'm a little Desai I was expecting
I was expecting know a little deeper I
was expecting something a little deeper
that's what she said nice thank you I
can place Hey good good job rich I said
yeah maybe if I was taking the time and
reading all the dialogue I appreciate
the story elements in this game myself
maybe maybe
well so that's the thing like maybe if I
was reading the dialogue it would be
different but it's like just as a game
it's like it's fine it's just very very
simple that's in Newark it's if you got
shot but other than that well
alfalfa I'll I'll fix it this time okay
I'm not doing it right
this is my plan I'm sticking to it
don't die Xena will space copy better
than things I don't know if anything is
better than things Dec have you seen
things of course I've seen it is there
any watch that Melissa now thinks is the
worst movie in the world it may be the
worst movie ever made things is God all
things is God awful things it's not even
funny man oh it's so great you say great
I do why it's just so fascinating now
he's trapped in there he ain't got shit
I want you to have bye baby
that's the ADR and things things makes
no goddamn sense
sure does there's a cabin and there's
little creatures that's all you need to
know now it's like a surreal nightmare
yes it is a surreal nightmare I agree
with that it feels you know you have
David Lynch filmmakers like that to try
to make them release capture the the
feeling of a dream or a nightmare no
movie captures it as well as things they
just have to be do it on accident what
is the name of the music video done by
the guy from things Oh road to sadness I
think something to sadness where he's
wearing the kiss makeup
oh that video is amazing too
we have favored elements oh yeah we
favorite ice we do well I'll let you
read them this you're looking so for it
in effect present we will be reading
fake resumes later after this game so
soon how do I get there I see we
as soon as I get down this level then
we'll take a little break I won't come
back and read some fake resumes huh with
you dog
I'll figure it out I already killed two
people
Oh as everyone was hatred for the wheel
the worst and acts or is it legit I
think I'm the only one who hates the
wheel you hate it I mean it's a
crapshoot by design really the wheel the
worst represents life sometimes it's
positive sometimes it's negative but you
can't control it that's true it was only
recently that I found my love for the
wheel outdoors with with SOS so next
time you do want you may hate it again
yes that's the the nature of the wheel
we do play off our hatred for our camera
though like we're disappointed it came
back from the dump I don't share some of
the skits sure when we're actually
watching some of the videos that where
we look miserable we are miserable
that's not fake so I did it right
there's nothing more to do though
all right there yeah you know thing up
there there's a laptop getting good
which is pretty easy to get Oh
I'll be careful when leaving the guy
that's walking around on the floor above
you
yeah he can see through that window so
he might shoot getting your bag on the
way out oh sure just make sure his
backstory
sounds easy shit oh you're done with
this thing's gonna take a while will do
I mean we'll do one more okay I got
upgrades apparently you got it you got
enough money to buy you something the
shop - oh okay sure oh man okay
booby-trap electronics muffled breaking
glass oh that's nice long shot - you can
you can mess with their gums you know
you can try out any of these things
before you buy them - this is really fun
there's a little demo level that's Luke
some incoming shots mix fuck that and
booby trap electronics the resolver the
handgun I want to save up for that look
at that I'm only like a couple no way to
get a handgun okay Oh
just like with rearranging your points -
you can sell anything you buy oh yeah
yeah
gonna get the money back you can try
something now give back later and get a
handgun for the next level oh that's me
oh really
somebody believe that Jay did you
really change your mind on boyhood I but
you know what they may be same as a joke
but I did it's true the most amazing
film that's ever been made by anyone and
Jay what made you come to bang such a
conclusion well I saw that everybody
else was given a positive reviews and I
realized oh I guess I have to oh okay
that's it you know what I guess that's
fair I haven't even seen it I've heard
great things it's everybody loves it and
that's fine you can like it
okay no you don't need to get so mad at
us because we did it's alright it's
alright to have different opinions also
I've heard about the ex-con board game
but can't comment on it because I know
nothing about the game itself so maybe
it'll be good I don't know I hear good
things I hear really good things about
the ex-con board game it does have like
you need a smartphone app to play it
yeah and that's kind of acts as your
commanding officer okay it gives you
time limits on like making decisions
it's it's supposed to if you are an X
camera or a I guess just a board gamer
in general I it's supposed to be good I
can't have enough cuz I don't have a
phone that can handle apps I have a dumb
phone I use my phone for phone calls
what that's madness that sounds dumb you
know you can do but see that the green
dorm for the garden yeah you could set
it up so it opens in his face if the
door opens away from the side with the
button so away from the Sun yeah so you
decide away from him hook that up at the
door he's gonna knock himself up hook
that side up go back into the special
mission now we're gonna no no no he's
gonna do themselves wait we're gonna set
aside let's really doing some clever
shit okay
no don't don't do that switch off okay
hook at the door back up normally on
that side okay then the switch on his
side yeah hook up with a switch on the
side that will get him in the face like
this yes
okay now you turn off the room the light
in the room next to him he'll go to turn
the light back on but you can't you
don't have the color for ya
so when he goes to turn the light back
on he's gonna hit himself in the face
right oh hey you gotta let me in no dawg
when I used to switched
that's really funny so he's knocked out
now he's my god so I can probably you
didn't have to punch him in the face at
all
and he does not tell ya I say what's the
point if you can't punch everybody in
the face punch them to death in the face
in the face wasn't the door thing more
clever and fun no did you did you like
Michael Bay's transformer movie did you
but you know what I did like a rock the
rocks a great movie I haven't seen since
high school I remember liking it now
yeah that's all if I saw Michael Bay
film that I enjoyed I would admit to it
no I just hate him for the station 89 no
there's like you know what bad boys and
bad boys too is some of the best dump
fund you could ever have I've never seen
either of those oh you haven't no
fucking great I don't know I've seen the
trailer or the second one I don't know
if I could sit through it but I watch it
that's some good shit right not my type
of movie but I haven't seen inside a
moment I need to do in here
I don't remember what your objective was
but is there a way we can oh you're
gonna get those at camera did you get
the camera if you didn't climb up the
wall to grab my camera you didn't get
the camera top the other you their story
room top oh right that's the best of the
the the very first building you go in
when you like fall out of your yep
you're going back to get the camera that
you triggered the first summer up oh
that's funny yep if only these buildings
were a little more distinct and I would
know that that's a fair criticism also
chap I cannot laugh on command it's my
actual laugh it doesn't work that way I
need to be made to laugh so you fuckers
better come up with some disturbing shit
after this break cuz we're gonna take a
break we're gonna go back to our lovely
animation here they go
just wait y'all J I'll see you in a
second it's a really awesome things
we're gonna have Jade with one chance
game or no oh we can
are we muted no we're not muted it oh hi
everybody no actually how long is this
like area that goes space gob yay he's
my favorite
alright someone asked about blind fury I
love it what do you want know about
blood your richest the riches have been
champion and Stephanie and that we watch
blank teary but I've seen it it's one of
my favorite action movies of all time
it's fun I will have to watch it at some
point
it's fun all right we're gonna take a
little break I'm going to run a
commercial and then we'll be back and
will you play a different game or jail
play this the one chance game is short
right yes okay let's play all right
let's play one chance when we get back
how do I do the mutant that's right you
guys are going to listen to smooth jazz
all the way
