Episode 049
Risk of Jack Solo Stream Part 2
September 12, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5Ffjc9uAoQ
___________________________________________

have I heard of the plank of reviews yes
yes I have heard of the funky reviews I
remember I remember I'm going down I'm
going down to drizzle cuz I want to play
as this guy no I don't want plays that
guy I don't look good for him look I
want to be hyper oh I just don't like
the minor too I don't know how to play
as the minor yet though so i think i'm
gonna go engineer again but go down to
drizzle to try to get to the final stage
I remember when Mike was showing the
very first the star trek generations
review around and thinking that it was a
brilliant I think I think Mike really
sold out with a with doing Star Wars
Episode one you know just jump that
shark as soon as the episode 1 review
came out lost all credibility in my book
how did my pitch the first punk review
he didn't pitch it he just made it
that's the thing like you know the first
the star trek generations fling curve
you didn't have any live-action stuff so
there was nothing he needed to pitch you
it's just something he made and we all
thought it was awesome um you were in I
was in the original star wars review
yeah that was um I had Mike and Jay over
to my house to help me film something
else and Jillian was in it and being the
true sharers that we are Mike asked me
if he could steal like a half hour to
film something with me and Jillian in
between filming my thing I think I
forget what I was filming has done a
music video or something
and we share a lot we share resources
actors and more people behind the scenes
people out here and and so yeah that was
just that was filmed while we were
taking a break filming a different video
sometimes when i laugh i get i can get
the high pitched laugh like reg but it's
right now I'm trying to be subdued
because i'm actually trying to play a
game and talk at the same time oh I can
get not as ear piercing as rich this is
a laugh unique him but if something
really tickles me then yeah I came out
of you I keep I keep taking my eyes off
the game to read the chat this attack
this little for jammer attack is very
powerful and I always forget to use it
because while you do it you can't move
and so it's mostly useless except for
situations like this where i can just
kind of snipe at people I think I think
Gillian was putting on a show everyone
loves Joanne that's just that that's
just the truth
as you get to how'd you get your work
seen by so many going back to my earlier
video work how did I get my work seen by
so many people um this is going to be
the worst advice what is this act faster
at lower health it's kind of good the
literally the worst advice is not
worrying about other people seeing it
and and that's it's the worst advice but
it's so true I just did not care who saw
him and you know that i was i was making
videos pre um if this is oh that's
helpful i think yes he left her kills I
was making videos pre youtube and you
know it was just one of those things
where we made him because we wanted to
and that was the drive you're like
getting people to see them was the
furthest thing from our mind and I know
that's really bad advice but I can tell
you the story and to fear enemies again
damn advice you know the story with how
funny or die found my stuff is a sordid
tale if sword is even a word who's the
bad guy magma or fuck that's fine that's
fine that's fine just said of my
defenses here at a bunch of fucking
turrets out of here well whatever in
here now that yes Oh Megan worm is
attacking my sentry super nice ok so my
story about how people eventually saw my
work is we I was making a dumb video
with my cousin because we made dumb
videos together friday night nights was
the name of the video and we made the
video and put it up on youtube and you
know got 20 views which were all us i'm
sure then we got word that will Ferrell
was starting his own comedy web
site like a YouTube but just for
comedians and so we uploaded the video
to Funny or Die the day that Funny or
Die launched because you know we liked
well Ferrell and obviously youtube for
comedians was right up our alley I'm
just trying to run away from other
enemies and get the magma warm alone for
for a second what I'm doing here so we
uploaded Friday night nights to that and
as it just happened their server crashed
everyone was uploading videos and their
server crashed and our video was left on
the front page or an entire day and
everyone back in the day funny or die
featured whatever video was uploaded the
most recent on the front page and so we
were just lucky our video is on the
front page got seen by a ton of people
including Will Ferrell and Adam McKay
who ran the site in the early days and
that's how they noticed us I say hey we
need people to make videos because at
the time they didn't have any in house
remember they didn't have an in-house
production company and my cousin who was
living out in la at the time took an
in-house job and I took a kind of a
freelance position and that's the and
that's the story so how do you get your
work seen by people just by making work
and making it out there and if it is
good enough people will find it that's
always the rule and it's always the role
this is a great story I hope it's a good
story I'm um it's hard to tell a story
and play at the same time but um the
rule of thumb is if you make something
good enough people will find it look
look up a statistic of how many YouTube
videos are watched every day and it will
blow your mind people are so hungry for
new contents that they do the work for
you you just have to make something good
enough and then right then the question
is how do you know if it's good enough
well you don't you just make something
that you like
and hopefully other people like it too
we will fire missiles ace I hope that
helps like that and you know that's all
Mike and Jay did is they just made
videos that they like that's all I've
ever done is I've just made videos I
liked and just try to do things that
that I enjoyed and so far it's worked
out and you know obviously their skills
that you need to learn you need to learn
how to edit you need to learn how to run
a camera if that's your thing but like
as far as making content you just kind
of like what you do will rich getting
nude at any point in space cop god I
hope so that man's body I have not seen
a new x-men movie I'm a bit of a marvel
fan boy I know I talked with with Jane
Mike about it and I believe I don't want
to spoil what their consensus is because
the episode should be up soon half in
the bag x-men episode should be up soon
but uh so I won't spoil their review but
I I mean x-men 2 was to me the pinnacle
that was really good x3 was a steaming
hot mess any of the Wolverine movies are
dull and pointless and you know what
first class I found to be I don't know I
kind of found it to be boring it was
fine first class was fine if that's the
that's the biggest recommendation I can
give the first class so I'm not
necessarily excited to see the new x-men
movie even though I'm a big Marvel
fanboy yeah well I don't want to spoil
their review
yeah vunna as you're especially proud of
um spoils facing us false friends can
afford it's about a cop from the future
of space any red letter media videos i'm
particularly proud of I mean I was
really happy when Jesse and I came up
with fuck bot that was my big
contribution to the great space jam um
you know mostly Mike and rich have me
acting stuff and I think have a really
bad actor but uh you know I love what
we're doing with best of the worst and
with prereq I think I think it's fun I
think I'm getting better on camera
hopefully but so you know
oh yeah I should have I should have
thrown up the spoiler alert about space
cop being from the future of space I'm
sorry about that I'm ruining space couch
forever i can tell you i am really
excited about space cop i have not seen
any edits obviously I've been there for
a bunch of the shooting but I know
they've been working really hard on
cutting stuff together and I'm very
excited to see the final product i I've
not read the script I don't know what
the final product will be but I'm very
excited about space cub I'm excited on
how little involvement I've had so I can
just enjoy it as a movie shit Doug magma
warm again in this stream we've had
almost nothing but mag norms and that's
disappointing I wanted some better
enemies than that
they're getting there and we're getting
there okay get up my jam I'm in a jam
and you're in it be April Fool's video
oh I know that I mean Josh and I get the
April Fool's best of the worst Josh and
I get a bit of flack being the newest
guys on camera and so we I don't know I
think that video worked because everyone
hated it right so but I can understand
why everyone hated that this past month
best of the worst production has really
slowed because of the super hard space
cop push and if you were expecting a
video and didn't get it I can see why
that would be a very upsetting the hair
get out of here that was it already oh
great let's even get any any jams that I
missed oh yeah he's a trash can take i
won
like this one Cowen's and drone backup
support my his wizard called wizard I
don't I don't know if I can be honest
with you I'm not much of a nickname sky
um I always call him Josh I have no idea
why he's got a book called wizard he is
a wizard ii gosh knows absolutely
everything about music everything so
maybe that makes you a wizard if you
John if you ask Josh anything about
music he will know the correct answer
and have the correct opinion is
basically the moral of the story oh
maybe that's why he's a wizard there it
is I'm not feeling good about how many
items I have button oh I reset the
difficulty to super easy this is why
I've been doing so well oh man I am a
scrub scrubbing it up Mike hates
everything more than J quite possibly
what would it look like if you shaved up
which be included but I really do like I
think someone made the comment once
about when Josh and I are on episode
there is no net hair gain or loss which
i think is really funny you know going
ball I started balding I think in high
school and so I've gotten I've gotten
used to it
but no no I probably I probably would
not look good in a toupee especially
like one made out of Josh's beard hair
is because that's like you know very
coarse dark hair and in general I didn't
have dark hair so no no d hey do you
think I will not comment on that let's
see here we should take over
Ghostbusters that would be great is
there a Ghostbusters movie coming out
why mention Ghostbusters that's weird
okay I'm even uneasy and I'm already so
close to death shows you how good goat
go busters yes exactly what razor do you
use on your head I have the voice of a
master audiobook narrator thank you
thank you I'm trying I'm trying to be
pleasant sounding before the stream and
the microphone is very close to my face
I just got a new razor that I'm really
excited about I got it in the mails from
Harry's Ares is kind of like a fancier
Dollar Shave Club but you can get your
razors online sponsored by Ares so I
just got a new razor and I'm really
excited about that and that is a really
dorky thing to be excited about but I
don't care I'm excited
argue I want to regain health what I do
want to kill them because they're easy
kills oh they got missiles they got
missiles
there we go a nice level up nice timing
nice time and great see here we do need
to hear more about ice cream man we were
what we were trying to do right all
sorts of product placement that's just
what I use that I think I before I did
Harry's it was just like Gillette
Quattro or whatever is whatever has the
most amount of blades because obviously
there's a lot to shave we're really we
were looking for three um 30 who start
an ice cream and now I'm gonna forget
his name Howard point towered we were
looking for three Clint Howard starring
roles and that would be like the clint
howard st louis yes um and it's actually
really hard to find three um allah gonna
fit it's i we we could not find the
three clint howard starring vehicles so
and we did not watch ice cream man sorry
to break the illusion but we did not
watch any of the movies we said we
watched for the April Fool's Day episode
Clint Howard yeah I figured it out so we
are excited to see that in general
holy fuck oh my god would you look at
this enemy odd shit shit shit shit shit
shit shit I'm running away I'm running
away I'm very much running away that's
awesome oh the enemy design in this game
is so fucking bad ass look at that thing
look at that thing haha he was he was
the star of waterboy waterboy I remember
seeing waterboy anyone is old enough to
remember seeing water boy and and
realizing the path that Adam Sandler was
heading down when you saw a water boy
fuck you go oh you can walk through your
walls but I can fuck you yeah yeah yeah
what I get chance to do fire chance to
make a flaming wave oh that's awesome
that's a great item you know I remember
I remember really digging Billy Madison
and even even happy gilmore and then you
just saw where he was heading
unfortunately our IP Adam Sandler movies
yeah water boy was every bit as terrible
as his recent movies but we had oh but
you know we had like he hadn't made all
of his bad movies in so it was just like
oh this might be a fluke you know with
the waterboy sure he made one bad movie
but and then after that he did his stint
of like good acting bits where he was in
um he was in rain over me and I'm gonna
forget his other really good acting
movie sorry internet I'm forgetting
things but you know so it's like oh
maybe he's just going to be a good actor
and he's not going to be silly anymore
and then he kept making crappy movies I
think Little Nicky was after his stint
of good acting Little Nicky oh Jesus
Christ all those movies are awful 50
first dates and you know at least I
guess is it is it consoling that he
knows they're terrible and they're just
an excuse for a paid vacation does that
make us feel better at least he's being
honest about how horrible there I don't
know maybe I guess does make me feel a
little better if I had to be honest
because if he knows they're terrible
then maybe people will stop seeing him
punch-drunk love thank you oh man I I
lose many nerve points many moving air
points for forgetting the name of that
movie apologies all around
I'd remember how good he wasn't
punch-drunk love man we if there were
some more items down here check it out I
forgot that I was playing on easy
difficulty and so I can I can fart
around for a bit
okay shield that's nice yeah I don't
know why people enjoy his movies but I
mean good for them ? right um I can't
talk about the patreon a dollar because
that's doing Mike so I can't even answer
your question because I don't know the
answer i mean i can give you my opinions
on patreon in general and you know honey
helps right the most that i will give
you the most obvious answer in the world
money helps if you don't like a night
and just not get over there i'd really
like to get over there you know if they
don't have to worry about okay i just
can't make it over that of time if they
don't have to worry about money that
means they have more time to shoot shit
and that's nothing but a good thing as
far as I'm concerned
you get out of here I got to get out of
here I want to ban jam but i'm not going
to get it on in that gym you guys don't
even know how much I wanted that damn
yes I got nothing you ain't got nothing
this is the thing with this final level
it is just a constant onslaught of
enemies which is great I think rich and
I we're making for we're talking bad
about the difficulty curve in the review
but man i'm enjoying it's a constant
struggle and i really like it really
like that it's a constant struggle was
that dude is that's anything good I want
this shit yeah do go down here I think
into these rooms that I haven't been in
yet I'm just going to kind of mindlessly
shoot people so I can read the stream
for a little bit
good i'm here is again another check
back all right I'll take
I will take it oh my god get out of here
their entry take a century yeah go after
my century you just do a little bit of
this I'm just looking to get more items
at this point if you face the final boss
who's always a pain in the ass oh shit
what is that why is he yellow I'm always
fucking fast is what it is fuck fuck
fuck that is fuck yeah and like I want
to rush this level because it is so
fucking hard but all these items and you
know I'm at a point where I'm
regenerating helps pretty fast and I
have this like gold equals a bullet
power up which is super helpful hi hi hi
sorry for this fucking up my yellow fuck
fucking up my biznass I could use the
help at this point yeah yeah get out of
here he's got all sorts of business that
I'm not comfortable with ah oh here we
go groans phone calling the drones there
we go fucking hell get out of my get out
of here
all right now I can rush past some shit
here we go you laughter kill definitely
take that ants to bleed I will
definitely take that is that any drops
extra cold that'll help at all fuck you
fuck you haha hey tix dinosaur dicks oh
he teleports to I think when they're
yellow it means that they're faster oh I
should not have taken you on just go
just go just go get out of here get out
of here get out of here that's the most
sorry it's Jack cannon and a half in the
bag universe probably not i don't think
you know I've characters i have played
have been on half in the bag but i don't
ever i don't think i have ever just been
on half of the bag as jack so i am
probably not canon
you know Josh oh this is a terrible
place to be okay Josh's cannon her Phil
Phil I think was his name yeah here we
go now we're talking this is the place
you want to be effectively fuck you fuck
you I don't want that fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you there we go get it all
to go get all the gold I'm just running
by an opening all these crates to get
all the gold all the experience this is
help
open up the door
oh sorry I'm not talking I'm
concentrating you can tell I'm
concentrating
I'm on a bunch of episodes of half in
the bag as like characters like in the
early episodes like I Tommy the mailman
obviously fuck bot is on there a couple
times when Jillian was on I was a bar
patron a comedy club patron eres Lavoie
fuck yes fuck yes um so I've been like
characters on a bunch of a half in the
bag episodes I don't think what I was
saying is I don't think I have ever been
on as Jack you know maybe that's what
you're saying too I was not yeah I was
one of the stripper I was one of the
undercover hookers you might remember
I would i think is the cutest
redlettermedia member obviously j that's
not even a question that's not even
appropriate question it's the beard ever
since you got that beard a number one
still need a key card
still need a key card Rompin balls here
to get rid of these fucking jellyfish
they are fucking up my world there we go
here we go now we're getting there I
understand prometheus I understand for
me this yeah what's what's not to
understand um you know I there was a lot
of internet hate for prometheus and I
did not understand a lot of it I thought
it was a yeah I thought I was fine it's
a fine movie that has a real third act
problem it falls apart in the third act
but the rest of the movie is fine in my
book I we get so little sci-fi we got so
little sci-fi word it was it was fine
it's fine and then just the third act
really falls apart which obviously oh my
god these fucking jellyfish I want that
big golden box there and so I'm kind of
drawn this out a little longer than I
should because I want that big golden
box I'm close to getting it and I kind
of let my Jam's do their work here yeah
you're damn um so I mean aya everyone
understood Prometheus I think I don't
think understanding the movie was a
problem I just think it's a little dumb
sometimes oh my god oh my God look at
shit look at this shit this is terrible
dropping frames seven frames
everything's terrible get out of my jam
I'm gonna lose my guy oh I lost my guy
oh my god I'm losing everything I might
die trying to get that golden chest was
it worth it maybe guess we'll never know
okay get out of here get out of here oh
here we go now i can get it okay what's
in there what's in the Gulf chest what
did it say did anyone read that I don't
know what it said whatever I got it
that's all that matters
yeah and like maybe that's maybe that's
it someone is saying victim of
incredibly high expectations oh my god
I'm fun I'm gonna die I'm gonna die I
gotta get out of here oh oh that was a
good run that was a good good run it
said you had won the game that's like oh
man I love F and lost the game but I
feel really good about that Ron we got
both right here we got both a character
and an item so let's see what we got
here you put our item long is we got the
bloated survivor where's that item like
a foot it looked like a foot where are
you got that one for the first time
that's exciting it's just it's always
exciting to unlock stuff I can't fucking
see it whatever it doesn't matter but
let's see here our bloated server oh
yeah here it is I mean we should
probably let him uneasy just to see what
it is dirt drone fired drone overclocked
increased attack speed and stunts chance
by thirty percent horse reassembly oh
that's great all right here's what we're
gonna do I'm gonna take a little bit
break and refill my water I'm gonna run
a commercial and then I'm gonna come
back and try one life as the robot so
give me give me like five minutes and i
will be back as the robot and I'm just
gonna refill my water and I'll start
talking to you guys in the stream yeah
so give me saying
like like
you
ok
re watered I do yes I do not only i have
two pc gaming sins not only do i play
team fortress 2 with the controller i
play it on my mac i'm a mac gamer that
plays first person shooters with a
gamepad um because that's how it feels
good to me I i I've only in the past few
years gotten into pc gaming and so you
know I've always been used to that
controller I started playing team
fortress 2 on the xbox 360 and that's
where my muscle memory is it with any
first person shooter my muscle memory is
is ingrained in that I do have like a
stick extender to give my aiming stick a
little more length and yeah that's how
it's how I roll and I know it's not as
precise as if i was using mouse and
keyboard and I don't think I mouse is my
problem my real problem is WASD I end in
like changing weapons and that kind of
stuff I cannot do that on a keyboard
that's my biggest problem pretty good
that's the thing and yeah I like stick
extended yeah I know button yeah it took
me a while to get used to rocket jumping
with my controller but now I can and you
know I just I basically just took a
couple days on a rocket jumping map and
figured it out um you're not to full
frontal um and I'll tell you my my
gamepad layout is all is all jank if I
just for that reason we're right trigger
is shoot but left trigger for me is jump
and and left trigger for most people is
like your secondary attack like for a
demo man took to detonate your sticky
bombs but I actually have that set as
when you press down on the right control
stick and and as far as rocket jumping
is concerned crouching is pressing down
on the left control stick and so I
figured out my groove it's a bit janka
fide but it works for me I don't need to
change weapons with the mouse wheel i
use the left and right bumper to change
the weapons i have quick switch on and
so it's just like a 22 quick switch so i
don't need to worry about changing
weapons like that i am i'm using a 360
gamepad I'm on my third I'm on my third
one I want to say it's a wired USB 360
gamepad and I just go through my bust
them because i have so many hours in tf2
i have i'm coming close to 900 on steam
and i had at least four or five hundred
on the xbox 360 so i just go through
gamepads it's a bit Jack ified yeah
janka fide jacke fight however you want
to say
I'm really looking forward to the steam
controller I just want to know what it
feels like I just want to I just want to
know if it'll be cool or not I think the
thing holding back the steam controller
is is like Gabe Gabe said it wasn't good
for dota 2 and dota 2 is the game he
plays and so he won't release it yeah
mad catz IAM at gets nothing but quality
might get my steam name is harlech har
la ck feel free to friend me know that
if you friend me while i'm streaming i
did not disable steam overlays so other
people will see your name or wait till
I'm done streaming um and and let's get
and let's get started all hell or given
right you just gotta have em in you just
kind of listen to him right that's the
rule you have to listen to what Gabe
says okay I'm gonna try the robe on I
guess let's move it up to two medium now
at the robot and we're going to see what
he does
and I forgot to click over hold on sorry
about that guys there you go here's the
remote he has this really satisfying
slow punch oh and what is that I got I
got these like four things around me now
oh my god thank you for all of the
friend ads oh my god is that critical
hits he'll you that is great you just
punch people oh my god okay well that's
pretty oh ok solid a real so when you
kill an enemy you get this little bauble
you get this little jam that hangs
around you and then you can send your
jam to kill people like that that's mean
thank you I'm not done punching you
slowly in oh my god okay you get a giant
fucking hammer that's awesome right yes
you can see how the people what did I
think of the Stanley parable um it's a
oh my god what is this too
oh my god what does that do I don't know
Stanley parables fine it's you know I
thought it was really interesting ah and
you know if you are a person who is into
games you will get a kick out of it but
you know it's definitely it's not
necessarily a game right it's a it's a
narrative and there's a good meta game
within the game with you know where you
can try to find all the branching paths
and and I really enjoyed it but you know
you have to appreciate it for what it is
which is basically a big kind of fuck
you to all indie games which is great
it's it's art that that is art despite
other art and Amy I'm okay I'm okay with
it all giant fucking hammer look at that
that's awesome do you want to know what
this does I don't quite know what that
does oh ok just makes me faster and
stronger that's pretty cool I'm down
with that I'm down with that Jim Oh
didn't jump this is tough cuz he's a
melee he is a melee centric character
alright like it cuz you can just fuck I
told you nine hundred hours of tf2 and
and I have another four or five on my
xbox 360 f2 is my jam it's my game I
play a lot of tf2 I like to have to I
find it incredibly it's one of those
perfectly balanced games I think why
want you like oh fuck I wanted you
that syringes shot speed up and that
good jam have you even remember why you
are here oh yeah yeah like spec ops the
line but like spec ops the line is also
apparently just a good not apparently
the spec ops line is also just a good
shooter while simultaneously taking the
piss out of every shooter which is great
thanks nice I played I played Thomas was
alone on my Vita and loved the
ever-loving shit out of it um a little a
little lacking as far as like I wanted
to play more like I wanted more levels
but just beautiful Thomas was alone that
was a and that was another like reason
that it was worth it for me when I first
got my betta like just just to play that
whilst pooping was definitely worth it
dive ever oh I can't scream so so yeah
that's why I don't have any hours logged
into Thomas was alone because I played
it on movida what's my most expensive
hat I have a bills that I won in a
contest I donated there was like a hat
like a charity and if you donated till
you get tf2 items and I have I have buds
obviously because of my mac gamers I
have earbuds which are very popular
everyone wants my earbuds they can't
have them I got another pair of your
buds to just four shades and goggles
but hats are cosmetic for me so I just a
cue this is great this character is fun
this Hector feels like you're playing as
the Hulk more games yes by the way
absolutely more games need giant fucking
hammers because they're the most fun all
right I'm gonna get this guy and then
I'm gonna but I just do that's right
look at see that's super fun we'll go to
yes oops go to five subs your speed as
here we get better not be a fucking
fucking magma worm
course he'll get them fucking Magnum Oh
boom boom boom we can't handle it
somebody get oh my god I died all right
I was having too much fun I was having
too much fun I'm gonna stop playing now
I'm just gotta hang out in the chat for
a little bit longer if you guys want to
want to talk um let's see you here yes a
whole lot of indie games on my profile
um I do like them more than triple a
titles I guess because it's it's
something that I it's something it's one
of the reasons why I really liked best
of the worst where I would rather watch
a movie that's possibly like really
horrible and shitty then a bland generic
big budget thing because i don't think
i'll be surprised by a big budget thing
like it might look really nice the
gameplay might be really nice but i
won't be surprised whereas with indie
games you have a chance to either be
really disappointed or have it blow you
out of the water because your
expectations are so low that's why
that's why I really like indie games um
yeah no I did not have a valid strategy
of just punching people and hitting
people with my hammer I also did up the
difficulty level but it was end and I
that was my first time playing as the
robot so I am going to play with him
more because he was fun
yeah you know be well I got way farther
than that earlier because I'd lowered
the difficulty level but also you know
other characters have guns and so you
can run away it shoot at a distance and
that was the big disadvantage with
having the robot is he's a melee only um
though that kind of sucked um there will
be a new review for the new x-men movie
Jane Mike I believe are editing it right
now I have not played terraria but I
know next month next month terraria is
free for PS plus members so I plan on
playing it on my Vita and i think i'm
going to really enjoy it not like i was
way to be free or anything but it's just
one of those now that it is free i plan
on playing it and really enjoying it Oh
ray terraria