Episode 053
Rich is Good at XCOM Part 3
September 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTBev2fgWe8
___________________________________________

Okay, everybody. We, we didn't refill our drinks. We didn't get ready. All we did was watch three Nicki Minaj videos.
It was the, the most anti-climactic thing that has ever happened in my entire life.
Watching Nicki Minaj videos?
What was I supposed to get outta that, Jack?
An, an appreciation of the arts.
I do recommend to anyone out there...
You know...
...that Stupid Ho video is pretty fantastic.
That, that...
I enjoyed that video. That was so fucking weird.
I gotta say, Jack, that did make me want to turn off the video and look at some art.
Oh.
So it did improve my appreciation.
Well, Rich, Rich had the best comment during the Stupid Ho video, which is, "I wonder what someone from the 1930's would think if they saw this?"
I'm, really...
And if you look at it from that context, from, like, uh, uh, a cultural historical standpoint...
Yeah.
It was interesting.
"You a stupid ho! You a, you a stupid ho!"
With the digitally-enlarged eyes, when she's tiny on the chair, for no reason.
It's so weird.
Irish shots of a monkey and like then
the parts of the video where she's just
holding up her leg behind her head
beautiful video end song yo Baby Bop
fuck you on your EP such an inspiring
song right you know it really makes you
want to you know get out there and make
something of your life to not be a
stupid oh yeah yeah yeah that's nice no
offense
oh asshole who wants to be this Mexican
assault with terrific will and amazing
aim okay let's see who who wants it
Shawn W I said W J F Shawn WJ f Watson
named me he says okay actually I got the
right screen was that name one more time
Shawn WJ f I believe WJ f okay this is
Shawn first name will be Shawn yeah
how's that Shawn spelt yes yeah what is
it J
I don't know I gotta fight in you
someone from the 1930s wouldn't say much
because most of them are dead now UN you
I'm sorry everybody that you got you got
to be quick you got to be quick on the
name and draw alright so this guy's got
good aim I know I know most people like
like tactical sense for the defense but
aim like that I'm going for all all
firepower okay III want that aggression
yeah
for the same reason I should take close
and personal ah but I like lightning
reflexes anybody in the stream was
wondering what I'm doing with this guy
and why I'm doing it but that ain't my
problem probably should with aggression
for maximum damage so what is close to
close and personal deals personal means
you dodged one overwash shot
automatically oh ok so he goes no
overwatch just just move him that'll
take care of the problem nice yes ok but
you like lightning reflexes but that is
what that is the close the other one
that I'm skipping yeah cuz this guy I'm
kind of gonna go for more of an
offensive build it's if you're within 4
tiles of the target you can you can
shoot an extra time Oh
so yeah on your first movement if you're
within 4 tiles you got a free shot oh
okay okay but you like I like lightning
reflexes too much so you can use him to
deepu's a over watchin that someone else
can come in
nice other otherwise with this guy I'm
pretty much gonna go entirely offensive
okay you know what that's fair we did
talk about Nicki Minaj somewhere oh this
is the Nicki Minaj stream oh god I would
say I'm just I'm fascinated by her shit
her her songs don't seem to have any
cohesion and I love that like we were we
were watching the starship video and it
starts off with like awkward rapping
going into a pop chorus into a dubstep
bridge where it's like all she says
herself in the song that she's higher
than a mulligan did Nicki Minaj make you
forget you're higher than a motherfucker
you know what she is that Nicki Minaj
she's a free spirit does for a bigger
good for her she doing what she'd do her
videos are very colorful I like that I
think it's all I got to say about Nicki
but nothing about her the better
I knew next to nothing about her until
I'm sold last week so
okay well that's we can stock up what
what did she do last so you guys only
watched the Anaconda video
to finish it ever that's true I'm gonna
call myself a fan of Nicki Minaj because
like I've never bought anything evers
but I enjoy her sure and that anaconda
video is the dumbest shit in the world
yeah and right that's a wrap under Nicki
Minaj conversations so someone is
telling us to watch of your music videos
and not generate a burek has Burke is a
great musician yeah
BJ oh are okay she has one video that
has animation by John Kricfalusi from
Ren & Stimpy yeah that's a good video um
I like the big-time sensuality video
sister bouncing around on the back of a
truck driving through New York yeah yeah
that's how the army of meaning I want to
say is a army azalea's Michelle gondry
video to secure the crash site or is
like it's on one of those whatever
always gay like yeah I think it's
Michelle country dude it features like
like big fanciful objects seemingly made
out of cardboard so I want to say to
Michelle go now I mean that sounds like
Michelle Gonder yeah I haven't seen that
one though oh no you know what Spike
Jonze was uh it's so so quiet yeah it's
a one shot with x remapping where it's
both in regular speed and slow motion
but a one shot all synced up to the song
oh wow beautifully
take a moment after watching all the
Nicki Minaj videos watch to watch it so
so quiet from here
that sounds cool like really great
that's actually use it to listen to
actual music
I just recently started act it's weird
that you that the chat mentions work
I was just read listening to like posts
at post is a great album debut and posts
Bjork's great I have no idea what she's
been doing recently I haven't kept up on
New York I saw the movie she's
bok-bok-bok she was in not dancer oh my
god she isn't that don't okay if you
watch dance in the dark everyone should
see the dancer in the dark but be
prepared to cry drawing or sprint 9
that's the movie I'm thinking of
directed by Matthew Barney you did the
keymaster cycle okay I saw it at the
times years ago but it's like what's the
name of it again drawing restraint not
America's in it
it takes place on this ship on this like
tanker ship I can't remember much about
it it's experimental Venus Matthew
Barney he's a weirdo I don't remember
much about it now I just know that I saw
it come on man I got another tire I
think they're cutting a giant like old
large like they have this giant block of
lard and they're cutting through it I'm
really racking my brain to remember this
movie I got nothing
okay Bjork is in it and manthie Barney
directed it nice
that's all I got cutting laughs that's
my review to be arc movie there's a ship
and she's in it all right
how a saw is mentioning the sugar cubes
which was Bjork's band before she was
just be or contender listen to them it's
fine yeah it's it's you know
significantly not as Bjork as Bjork is
the sentence that makes perfect sense
that knows both the sugar cubes and
viewer but it's fun it's fun stuff
answer in the dark I went to see that
with a couple friends and there was one
in particular who was crying so
violently at the end of dance in the
dark that we had to carry her out oh my
god yes I remembered that movie came out
when I was in film school and one of our
film TAS was talking about it and I
think I had already seen it at that
point and she was saying it's a really
great movie all of you should go check
it out while it's playing here in
Milwaukee but walk out before the last
ten minutes cuz it's too depressing cuz
like you're a fucking film TA you're
telling people to walk out of a movie
because it's sad that person that makes
the movie yeah yeah I'm sorry
oh here's what are what are some great
movies you never want to watch again
because it's too painful dancing the
Darracq dancer in the dark I would watch
that again I haven't seen in a long time
nothing has anything I would never watch
because it's too depressing or something
Star Wars attack of the clones
well that's being played for different
reasons
no like I mean a movie that you know
emotion gets too emotional yeah no I
like movies that make you feel like shit
so I don't have a problem where you
watch you know like real life makes me
feel enough like shit
it really does so no no movie can
compare yeah to the heard that I
typically avoid feeling like shit I
don't I don't see the point in making
myself feel like shit cathartic no it's
not it's terrible cuz then you get you
get all that out in you the next day you
wake up and you feel great no no I'm
sorry No
it's kind of day you watch that you know
it's the same reason I watch horror
movies I like that feeling of being is
scared not that most of them don't scare
me anymore but it's getting these these
feelings out of you before seeing these
feelings to to reach the surface and
face them I like that I like escapism is
what you're talking about taking a
moment reacting in a certain way than
going back to real life
yeah but escapism I think more of like
like sci-fi fantasy fun movies that to
me is escapism depressing movies or
horror movies are more facing grim
realities which has its place to I still
call it escapism because it's not facing
your realities you're still facing a
fictional reality yeah okay even though
they're more realistic making off with
QWERTY fingers
Jacob's Ladder yeah that's the movie
that makes you feel like shit that's
great
here's the nigga fun now Tim Robbins
it's really good makes it feel like shit
and it's creepy
I don't call ecole consider what here's
a wheel and know how like I like Tim
Robbins and Macaulay Culkin so perhaps I
was it's a really really good movie
those are telling you to say Richie
sorry I don't know if I'm just been then
good and avoiding them I can't think of
any movies off and then make me feel
like shit
yeah like I I have yet to see it but I
hear requiem for a dream is one of those
that yeah requiem for a dream I know a
lot of people think that's it's
horrifying and depressing and all that I
got to me it was just I liked it but
it's really over at the table okay
that's kind of how I feel about a lot of
Darren Aronofsky stuff
cheers moments in Black Swan which I
like that movie a lot too but there's a
couple parts to ride life download the
feeder oh I got a Ben barest myself but
it's just too much oh that's why I like
the wrestler that movies way more
subdued wrestlers bro
yeah I just saw there recently yes I
think you saw that at a gathering the
night was that we watched it man really
really good what a great movie nice yeah
that's definitely my favorite movie of
his that I've seen no I don't know like
for me it's Black Swan yeah Black Swan
is so angry watch it I haven't seen it
since the theater like it I cannot think
of a more perfect movie I'm not saying
it's the greatest movie ever made
yeah but everything technical about that
movie added to storytelling elements
there's not as I'm concerned yeah I
should really watch it there were the
way he shot at the different styles in
which he shot it for different character
elements was a perfect representation of
I don't wanna get too deep but the
wrestler is super I can't believe how
restraint the wrestler was yeah when you
look at the other movies that he's made
I haven't seen manoa yet hey I've heard
crazy things that no it's kind of giant
rock monsters yeah you want to watch it
I just have another chance to do mmm-hmm
giant monsters are first giant rock
everything's art Nicki Minaj's art Nicki
Minaj's art that's true the coca-cola
logo is art why did they get an extra
turn that's bullshit
bullshit that's aliens man they can turn
say one shit dog shit dog I got right
their nose lightning reflexes I love it
I love it
that's yeah that is great at least your
overwatch and
929 yeah we'll take the 97 no assaults I
just pretty then oh I had a thing about
Requiem oh you know what what movie I'm
thinking of its kind of that's a little
on the depressant side that I've only
watched a couple times a night I watched
it once like in high school that I had
trouble watching it later was happiness
oh I love happiness oh it's great
actually I don't know that's not a movie
you can really say you love I appreciate
it and I've watched it a few times yeah
yeah happiness is really good that's
it's really good but tough to watch yes
but probably it's the closest I would
say to a movie that I would not want to
watch again
okay listen what I can't watch the
Bolshevik fuck so but it is tough that's
a rough movie yeah I don't like dying
clowns or something what no a dying
clown would make you feel better acting
happiness No
yeah the scene towards the end or the
the sun's asking questions to his day on
the couch like that is that's hard to
sit through it's you know it's just it's
a movie about sad people being sad and
in certain cases but they're sad and
depraved in very real ways
yes it's and yet there's still a dark
comedic element to parts of it is it's
like the park when I was Phil Baker hall
was that the actor don't replace the the
father
when he's trying to get the his son's
friend to eat the sandwich and he's like
looking at the sandwich and it's like
this tense thing because he could eat
the sandwich goes like but kind of funny
and and it's like the the film has it
where you're like in the character
archetype is you're almost like rooting
for him but you're like know that you're
rooting permits execute in a way yeah
where it's like it's executed like
you're supposed to be rooting for me no
you can't yeah that's an interesting
movie I mean I haven't seen in a while
but I like top salons what else has he
done he did welcome to the dollhouse did
you ever see that it was his first movie
and then he did a movie called
palindromes which is say the lead
character is a girl who's played by like
multiple actresses throughout the movie
okay and that's an interesting one that
was I think her pretty low budget for
him you know we called storytelling
which wasn't very good as most recent
one in this life during wartime which is
I guess a semi sequel to happiness it's
a lot it's same characters but they're
played by different actors hmm which I
found off-putting yeah it's like any
investment I had these characters like
it's become people playing I'm I feel
like it disconnect there was it was
there a reason for that just Eclair just
yeah I think it was the same reason he
had multiple actresses play the same
character in palindromes just sort of
yeah a little experimental yeah
Paul Rubens is playing in life during
wartime he's playing the Jon Lovitz
character from happiness reason that
nobody seems to happiness character and
everything
you're shit and I champagne yeah
happiness is really good that's probably
the best thing the console on celebrity
this other movies are fine yeah that
one's really really good Dylan Baker
they're saying is the dad Dylan Baker
yes yes Dylan Baker yeah he's good in
general yeah yeah I can't remember
anything I've seen him in but I've
enjoyed him impact that's such a city it
was used who was the girl that was on a
day with just models she was great - um
I don't know that I'm not Lara Flynn
Boyle who's a so now therefore Blair as
I've seen the actress and Seymour
Hoffman she's in stuff no I want to say
I can't think of her name she's really
good she's sort of a what holds that
movie together because he just feels so
bad for it so like fragile and sad
looking him yeah she's great
oh sorry about these bumper movies
welcome to me bummer cast
welcome to suicide time I'm trying to
think of of any other like I there was a
string like happiness came out like
record came out then we watched answer
to dark like there's a stream of real
bummer movies yeah
wrestlers good like that sequester makes
a deal not not that bummer but it's like
it's a bummer movie not on the level of
happiness but it's like no there were
some fields of wrestling yeah I like
that nice we got nothing no I I don't I
don't
the end of the mist yes but we got a
bummer movie but that ending is pretty
fucking depressing
hmm and I love it I know a lot of people
didn't like it at all I have seen it but
I know about the ending and yeah well
through it if you already down I
something I knew nothing about it so
that really caught me off guard
not just to stop this question for me
being asked I was working with Tim
Heidecker and a half of the bank
I was great great no he was a nice guy
he came by the studio we uh we only had
an hour we shot his bit in an hour and
then I drove him to shake all because he
had a performance I'd like that was it
in and out yep but yeah no it was great
who's being a bummer movies are you
excited for what is the Michael Keaton
movie coming up bird no birdman' birdman
i don't know i am i don't know what to
make of it from the trailer it looks
like a michelle boundary movie a little
bit it's not I don't know who directed
it I haven't paid much attention I just
saw the trailer once but it's an
understood it's not as whimsical as
Michelle around room you know but it has
some of those weird surreal elements
yeah so yeah I don't know I don't know
much about it but I'm intrigued I'm
excited and confused about it if that's
which is better than seen a trailer I'm
just going okay yeah you know it's just
like something different at least yes
whether it will be good or fail does not
matter because it is one of the very few
movies I'm actually interested yeah yeah
and that's really what I'm looking for
these days it's just something that
looks different it's like under the skin
I really like because certain people are
making movies like that right now
and then he used like that that movie
felt you know there's not a lot of other
movies like that around so good
good kind I think that's you know I
think it's all good that Birdman
directed by some foreigner probably it
wouldn't directed my foreign men foreign
man foreign man vodka
speaking of foreign man directing movies
we should have our official snowpiercer
discussion okay that's me yeah Jake and
I both recently finally watched
snowpiercer and I really really liked it
a lot is the chat going crazy I'm sure
once it's gonna catch up once it gets up
I'm sure it's good it's nobody if
there's a really good movie I think I
liked a little more than you but I
really liked it I had some issues with
it
I invite what I kept saying was once you
get past the completely ludicrous
premise which is ludicrous yeah cuz even
if you say you know like oh it's gonna
an engine that can run forever blah blah
but it's like still the track is gonna
wear out over time the train you know
that's gonna have problems so once you
get past that I thought it was really
interesting and really well done and
there's a lot of variety to the action
sequences this isn't really like that I
agree and like I did not have a problem
maybe again it's because I'm a comic
book guy I have absolutely no problem
with the ridiculous premise of all of
humanity lives on a train hunger games
on a train is there a good reason they
have to be on the train yes yes it's
three stood up outside okay it's it's a
post-apocalyptic yes it's wintertime and
it's
temperatures that will kill you almost
instantly and the train has to keep over
to the end for that reason yeah yeah
actually I want I mean I wonder if they
could just keep the engines running
people ya know the Turner's I know a
girl fan but there is an explanation as
to why give me but uh yeah I was
hesitant when I first read about it cuz
everyone was recommending it because it
had the lower-class citizens in the back
of the Train and they have to make their
way to the front of the Train with the
the high-class citizens like oh god this
again cuz that's a trope I'm really sick
of because it's so yeah when it's really
heavy-handed like land of the dead and
there's no logical reason for having
separated classes yeah money but mo
gives a shit about money then point
anything so it's like oh no and then
like Elysium which I haven't seen but I
heard the that's kind of heavy-handed
meant to bury a Elysium by the way quick
aside a good movie very heavy-handed
okay I still haven't seen it maybe one
of these days I liked Elysium but their
Elysium has several roll yaw moments at
the yeah subtext of classism see and
that's what I hate when it's not even
some text anymore but it's so obvious
yeah um but no it's no piercer as a good
explanation as to why there's this
division of classes and makes sense in
the context of the movie and it works as
a set up of these people have to get
from the back of the Train at the front
of the train so oh yeah I like that a
lot that's like the premise didn't
bother me the thing that bothered me
initially about the movie is it it I
mean it's low-budget and it looks
low-budget at the beginning of the movie
and it takes you a while to acclimate to
how the movie looks yeah maybe a little
bit I don't remember that bother me that
I mean it makes sense throw a train
everything is tight everything
everything is a sense yeah yeah
it takes you a while to get used to it
but once you do and you'll hit a certain
scene in the movie where we meet Tilda
Swinton yes oh my god what happened
Oh chrome ran out of memory chat crush
no no I just just might grab yours oh
okay
you'll meet tells us win and realize
that you're gonna have a good time yeah
oh it's this kind of moving yeah it's a
little off-kilter
and that's what I like to there's lots
of bizarre little touches and out but
really I'm so thus wins great it's good
I don't want to be too harsh
I can't be like an asshole about the
movie I'm gonna go so far as to say it's
one of the better but one of the best
movies I've seen this year okay I'm on
go that far I'll go ahead and agree with
you the other more grosser patients an
idea what not even reservations it left
me rolling my eyes
really yeah movie no well yeah because
that's the end of the movie and I know
I'm not going to get into spoilers
because people should see it but that's
the taste it leaves in your mouth with
that ending of the movie and it was just
like it was specifically one of Captain
America scenes at the end Chris Evans
Chris Evans has a little monologue ready
delivers at the end and it seems to come
in a very awkward point in the movie out
of nowhere that he has no reason giving
or whatever beyond like this is the
point of the movie in which the
character says a thing about his
personal life
yeah and that was just like yeah it
could have been incorporated in the
movie anymore in a way there surely
without you flowed better in unscathed
yeah good no there's still a very good
movie I watched it on Amazon and it was
a seven dollar rentals well worth the
seven car rental business Dylan theater
rental yes by the way the guy who
directed birdman is Alejandro Gonzalez
in new rattle okay the guy drinks babble
21 grams okay and beautiful beautiful
there you go favorite Will Smith movie
easy let's name a movie that was me yeah
yeah no that's I know I actually just
forgot the name of it for a second
there's my favorite Will Smith movie
what is your favorite will Smith movie
no it was a I forgot the name of it I
turned it into a joke yeah but what is
it really
what was my oh yeah my joke was gonna be
hitch and I forgot the name that I love
them so much I forgot the name of yeah I
like men in black I didn't like it that
much for my first song bethere I think I
appreciate it later yeah yeah I know
this worm I think that's where Mike's
starting to despise Will Smith I don't
like Will Smith generally I don't either
Mike Mike dates and guys are crazy what
Smith it's great now he's Will Smith in
everything yes and he seems like an
arrogant prick I don't know seems like
most of his decisions as an actor fueled
by ego lately yes yeah the back in the
day I don't agree with you is my I don't
know I like a snake I but I like that
kind of what if we called it in the past
schmaltz yeah I enjoy that kind of small
right this morning oh yeah oh we're glad
to have more help down so I don't know I
dig a big Willie style I'm all up in I
did watch The Fresh Prince of bel-air
when it was on before he was famous
moving man right to watch that show
famous movie man yeah I would watch a
movie called famous movie yeah I guess I
would say men in black I'm trying to
think of something else that I would
like more lad I don't like most of his
movies it's only canceled have expressed
an interest in acquiring some of the
iron axe weird
however we should be careful in choosing
what items we release the research team
may not have discovered their true value
yet don't forget the sample examined by
the research team
there's no rush in there now though to
the end of this model I'm just looking
into the chances oh that's fucking right
you're absolutely right
greatest Will Smith movie ever bad boys
to which I've never seen the second
greatest Will Smith movie bad boys oh my
god I fucking love bad boys those are
great movies all right I'll have to take
your word for it
fucking I love it whatever whatever
whatever whatever oh man oh it's just
great schlock like bad boys face off
shit yeah love that movie he's not in
pays off he was not in place I'm just
thinking of other like weird other dumb
dumb action movie do that even 90s or
was that thanks awesome or early 2000s
90s are early aughts I don't know yeah I
never saw it yeah
I missed a lot of action movies from
that period because I didn't care oh man
it's I don't know like if I want to comb
like guilty pleasures but I I am general
genuinely entertained by bad boys I go I
dig it I accept its dumbness that was
before Michael Bay became incoherent
yeah
like transformers I watched the first
Transformers movie in an attempt and I
tried I really did and it was a muddled
garbage mess as you know oh yes yes I
don't need to speak to you about garbage
eyes let his transformers does this just
for the chat but he used to make just
solid dumb action movies bad boys The
Rock I remember liking the rock but I
haven't seen it since high school
I'd have to re-watch it it's it's not
it's not uh it's not happiness you know
but it's but really what is but really
what is yeah bad boys is great and bad
boys too
well I know it go right likes bad boys -
they make homage is homage is to it in a
hot bus huh show fuzz us so yeah that
validates it somewhat for me it's it's
great yeah alright it's not everything
that happens in the movie account is
exactly what you think will happen but
it happens in such a spectacular way its
fireworks you know they're gonna be
bright and they're gonna go boom but you
still go this is the mission where you
nearly got wiped out
alright and now you're gonna do it
flawlessly I'm gonna do this flawlessly
check gifs despite me just despite you
that I love it Wallace I love it i I
wish you nothing but the best of luck
oh there's a good one favourite John
Candy movie oh he likes to Blues
Brothers well that's not a chunky I know
I know as far as like vehicle uh orange
or three I would say blames trains and
automobiles
yeah I love that movie that's great I
like the concept behind delirious I
don't like the movie so much I don't
remember the movie I know I saw it
the cut long long time ago he's is so
the writer wakes up in his soap opera
that he writes for and he can write what
happens
yeah his magical writing mode where if
he writes something it happens in his
world like like he has a typo and these
are going to add a party oh yeah dear
somebody offers a cold dear yeah they
walk by like a deer yes you're right
best premise not the best movie plain
straight like planes trains and
automobiles is one of those weird movies
where I remembered it younger I thought
when I was younger and I remembered it
being a comedy it is a comedy it gets
sad terms it's not I mean it's not a
comedy like a comedy is a comedy though
it's that was weird sentence that was
very weird it's not it's not like a it's
not like an airplane no no it's very
very funny but it gets sort of
bittersweet and sad towards the end not
just towards the end ever the whole it's
it's it's really towards the end mostly
towards an to get said but I mean the
whole movie is very real
there's weird bones they're going the
wrong way down the highway and they see
the trucks company towed some of the
disgusting screen here with their
skeleton goofy shit in that movie nice
boss I guess a maybe it just wasn't as I
don't know maybe it's just an age thing
yeah it's great place rents out it's
great yeah that's probably my favorite
cuz that's just the most range of him
yeah I mean boorish and funny doesn't
being sweet where it's likable at the
end we find out his backstory and it's
kind of sad runs the gamut yeah I like
that movie a lot yeah Uncle Buck great
movie I remember liking Uncle Buck I
don't think I've seen that since as a
little kid who what oh that's an Uncle
Buck is our Fantastic Four Johnny Storm
from Fantastic Four was bug in the oven
that's right yeah I was like what's the
connection from the Roger Corman
Fantastic Four that's right that's right
bug is Johnny Storm
I'm just trying to like I'm just trying
to think of John Candy like great
outdoors it's been a long time since
I've seen great outdoors yeah
Oh what was the one where there was like
a big sailboat race and he wins the
sailboat race by putting its pants on
the sail summer and rental and summer
rent I think yeah summer rental that's a
good one that's another one I haven't
seen since I was a little kid yeah
John Candy movies I haven't seen
recently except for planes trains and
automobiles i watch that when someone
regularly by that I mean every other day
and by that I mean every day yeah no
it's a good comedy because he's trying
to get home to his family for
Thanksgiving see Martinez yeah it's a
good good job Thanksgiving movie there
are a lot of those yeah oh my god am I
forgetting Spaceballs no yes Spaceballs
Hayes but I was like again the speech
bells is enough Brooks movie not a John
Candy yeah but what he's very funny and
he's very funny I don't think of that as
a John Candy no I guess not but I don't
even really like I ever saw a Canadian
bacon I never saw that it's not very
good no that's the Michael Moore movie
right
yeah that was this narrative movie that
he made for doing we're about nothing
but trouble
oh god the movies the best in the world
it's fascinating though it's it's it's
awful but it's sort of like what were
they thinking yes every weekend I have
to watch this again I actually as a kid
I liked it and I was sort of cuz it's so
bizarre
yeah it was bizarre I think this is what
I liked about it though Beca nothing
about that movie makes any sense yeah
did you know what underground yes Danny
Aykroyd has like a like a penis nose
like his nose looks like a dick yeah but
it's a fake nose he takes it off at one
point you know yeah the giant diaper
babies yeah the weird they live in the
dome part of the highlights the house
has a rollercoaster in the dome I think
this was at straps that's yeah I think
that whole movie was Dan Aykroyd's late
idea ten enkarans weirdo with ideas is a
weird every time he's come up with a
good idea it's it's spending good after
somebody else's like real Tim answer
yeah and then things are gonna have a
radioactive car that flies and john
landis like well you know maybe not yeah
maybe nothing in trouble is what happens
when nobody filters dan Aykroyd but it's
so weird cause like Jane I was a big
name at the time Demi Moore like nothing
nothing but trouble was after The Blues
Brothers it was after ghostbusters yeah
she's somebody who didn't know any birds
that well no dead accurate came up with
it yeah it's gotta work it was our movie
let him do what he wants obviously knows
what he's doing
I really like that diaper babies were
like covered in oil and yeah they were
like filthy yeah was one of them played
by Dan Aykroyd I'm sure like John Candy
played two characters enough
he played John Candy and John Candy's
sister yes who is in love with Jeff
chase yeah and I think Dan Decker had
played the judge and I think he played
one of the diaper babies believe uh-huh
and like I say diaper babies but it was
like a full grown man in a fat baby
costume yeah like a rubber like it's
like a rubber or fat suit and then a
diaper oh man and then like the womb
their bald with like one curl like a
kewpie hair yeah oh my god nothing but
trouble greatest movie ever the best of
doors nothing but trouble just for the
irony value what's worth a look
oh yeah definitely oh yeah someone in
the chat is saying John Candy was
brilliant in Brewster's Millions
I saw that that's him and bright Richard
Pryor right I never saw that movie it's
good it's funny I mean I I love movies
with the premise well that yeah that's
great reminisce separately has a premise
where does the premise of that he has to
spend so much money in a certain amount
of time okay but he can't just give it
away a wasted like there's stipulations
to how he must spend it okay because of
this company promise because the
millionaire says when he tried to
cigarette when he was younger his dad
made him smoke an entire carton and that
means he never smoked again so he's
gonna give him all this money but first
he needs to spend it to learn its value
that's a fine premise for a comment
absolutely absolutely fine from here we
go
how you doing on the mission so far just
start okay this this first term turn
will determine the outcome of this
mission
okay this is this is the critical point
favorite Brendan Fraser film obviously
Encino man not good growing up on the
farm are there much other options like
he's done done done a bad crap yeah
under the the other movie we had besides
Supergirl was Encino really my sister
was in love with Pauly Shore yeah a lot
of people were at that point I have no
idea how that happened I don't know how
Pauly Shore became a thing oh they all
scared yes that is weird
oh that my discreteness but but so like
Encino man jury duty in the army now
with the farmer's daughter no son MA
son-in-law I lost the best actual movie
yep as far as working outside of just
being a bad polish or vehicle nose not
horrible I liked in the army now but
mostly because Lauren was her name Lori
petti Lori petti was in a tank girl Tank
Girl love Lori
incidentally you you said you're gonna
do this with no deaths just want us yeah
I know I know just pointing that out
there nobody's dead yeah pointed out in
the stream no Brendan Fraser's in the
movie that nobody talks about it is dark
yo Dante
toons back in action nobody remembers
this movie I do I've seen it but I
remember it's not a bunch of great movie
on it's Joe Dante and he has so much
more understanding and affection for the
Looney Tunes than whoever the fuck
directed Space Jam and there's some
sequences in the Joe Dante's one that
are actually really good like there's
this whole part where they're running
through the Louvre and the characters
are running from one painting to the
other and it's like classic Looney Tunes
it's really good there's a part really
go to area 51 and it's classic Joe Dante
like Kevin McCarthy from the original
invasion Body Snatcher shows up in or
cameo and the robot monster shows up
dude good job yeah not a great movie but
there's good sequences in it okay Looney
Tunes bang attack shank in action I have
Brendan Fraser with something like
nobody remembers this movie I remember
blast from the past I never saw that his
enemy was that Alicia Silverstone him
it's him and her premise yeah what if a
guy was stuck in a bunker it's all alive
and hey that's a modern day he'd be
trapped in the 50s isn't modern day
weird
isn't that Christopher Walken in that
movie
I this is I can't
I'm sorry fair enough I'm very sorry he
was in the the Tarzan Tarzan movie Noah
Georgia the jump George of the jungle
that's us
thank you doesn't we do right monkeys on
that monkey bone yeah he was Dudley
do-right
remember that funky bone yeah he was a
monkey there's our Lady Bunny people
well money though yeah that was Henry
Selick her did Nightmare Before
Christmas I'll be sure and that was the
case of he had all these crazy ideas and
then the studio just like half the
budget to Shin because oh it ended up
being a con whatever the hell it was
supposed to be mostly animated mostly
stop motion and but it just came no no I
got from Sarah Night Live that's what an
Chris Kattan yes at night for some
reason I saw Seth Green that of them
Chris Kattan is Catan
I hate him hate him smell he's pretty
much gone away they have to worry about
him anymore I hate him I hate
what's-his-face is the host of The
Tonight Show now Jimmy Fallon I hate him
too yeah I don't get Jimmy Fallon I
don't get Jerry Fallon a felon boy like
Jimmy fucking well I mean that's hard
because you don't appreciate his style
of humor doesn't just say hey nice oh
that's the only thing I ever like Chris
Kattan was the mr. peepers character
there's a there's a script you can get
online of his draft of the mr. peepers
movie of course they wanted to make a
mr. peepers movie by the way the script
not bad
le yeah I mean the honey out of that
it's it's it's a pretty sloppy premise
Oh God
I remember here's that here's what I'm
going to tell you about the mr. peepers
script okay
I remember reading the script and
thinking not bad I can remember nothing
like okay that's how great there you go
it's available online oh no now I'm good
yeah I feel like good things are
progressing well good very well
yeah I don't like and I project no
losses that's good I don't like any of
the new late night hosts I don't want
you to come Jimmy Kimmel was a new one
he's okay all right I didn't see him I
actually haven't seen much of a show but
I know I like him
yeah I've seen I've never watched any
Lily night shows but I've seen clips of
his show and he's okay but I don't think
I don't like Seth Meyers
I don't like Jimmy Fallon you know what
I still haven't seen any it's it's
basically like news update right so I
don't know I haven't watched it cuz I
don't like him yeah the only one long
stretches Cohen on the roof roof roof
winds roof winds that's what I reporters
the roof yeah always good for room
ruff-ruff strategery going on the roof e
oh the only one left his Letterman and
he for Dallas and he's gonna be gone
soon yeah replaced by anyone you guys
you know Conan has some good bits I
think of it
yeah I never gets to see him ie I don't
watch any late-night so I guess it
doesn't matter but I like items late
nights by the clips that are posed to
the next day yeah on YouTube and I
consistently watch Conan's these are
always good who else has good clips the
next day like I finally watch more like
Brian Williams clips
he has more comical clips but you know
what still Daily Show Colbert is taking
over Letterman well that's right so the
shootings which I don't know I don't
think I will see you here in that
context even is he gonna end up changing
his persona yeah you don't have to just
be himself he's not doing it a bit well
see how that works
he's people like the bit yeah hope I
don't know if anybody really knows him
the person yeah Colbert is such a
talented comedian I'm sure she's
talented but won't people tables in what
they've not due to not getting what
they've been getting and like for the
last how many years yeah that's a good
question
he's been doing this bit for so long
they're concerned that is him that's
true that's true I wish him well but I
don't know we'll see I mean he can pull
it off whether people will be receptive
is another question he can pull it off
absolutely
the oh you know who I post up shows up a
lot the next day John Oliver
next week tonight or whatever it's
called okay but you know when his clips
right is clip show up on HBO's YouTube
or John Oliver's YouTube or whatever
yeah just clips of the show and I really
enjoy though that next week tonight I
want to say it's called someone correct
me if I'm wrong
someone says it won't matter as long as
he's funny just saying that's right
Colbert yeah yeah we'll see we'll see
I'm not rooting against him - I know I
grew by the way the people like that he
does and he won't be doing that that's
all I'm saying
and and I agree it's a good bit he's
really good his satire is spa
you know I'm just pouring more gin gin
tonic to the rescue
genin this single J's a good port margin
that I usually hit just having the one
shot of gin last me through the entire
beard Jada's ports in Lord Jim Oh last
week tonight that's what it's called - J
if you see a the John Oliver stuff yeah
okay okay
his I see his clips all the time from
his show last week tonight decide on a
Comedy Central he's on HBO
I mean it's very much Daily Show yeah I
don't really follow any of them but he's
good what happened here his clips are
good never watch a show I don't have any
and that wraps up our late-night show
host discussions early late that round
up really good we don't watch much we
work and sleep yeah I have time to watch
anything I'll generally watch a movie
yeah and I just wait for the good clips
to surface the next day then you have to
watch the whole shower to see who are
with the boring guest is I give no fucks
about who you're interviewing yeah if
the interview is good they'll post the
interview and not the clip oh yes I'm
sure Jay knows that Yahoo bought
community oh yeah curious to see what
happens that shows been up and down but
overall I like it a lot done beyond
don't fill me it's one of the few shows
I pay attention to wait Yahoo but yeah
yeah Oh rich had a 90% of his shop
working and event that's that's come and
he needs to stun this alien to capture
it alive well that's not gonna happen
now you're gonna kill it why I don't if
I don't kill him he's just gonna kill my
my prized fucking assault the next term
and since
time and yes we know that Amazon box
which I'm excited that Amazon box which
I think twitch needs a lot more
infrastructure and I'm excited about the
they were talking about the creator
elements that they want to add adding
more robust features for us streamers
and I think that's all good things
giving us more ways to distribute
content to you I imagine you will now
see links to buy games that are being
straight nine Amazon of course and I
think that's great
that's probably what they'll change it's
probably what they're concerned about ya
know in Amazon has been doing well
getting their foot in the streaming door
I'm an Amazon Prime customer you hear
that Amazon I'm streaming and I'm a
Prime customer and I'm promoting your
service is that I'm just saying you
might want to look into that what are
you just saying a lot of accused or do
say
yeah I moved that's why I said yeah
nobody said yes he's dead yet
everybody's got full health that's all
hell I'm a little more than halfway
halfway the Ocho nose asks a weird
question which is Jack and rich any
update on the daily content for YouTube
have you not been getting in to see what
I don't know what that means
question I could delete content on
YouTube my design above previously the
bulletin we still get daily oh you oh
okay I think I I'm understanding your
question now so we upload a video every
day to YouTube
most of them are just the streams that I
cut into about our chunks sometimes less
sometimes why very soon actually today
rich and I recorded our first test of a
game a bit we're gonna call it which
will be our edited Let's Plays we
reported a couple hours of a game
because it might not be exact but I will
start editing that soon and you'll start
to get them but for now it's just add
edits of the stream and of course the
previously recorded episodes which we
also recorded a bit of today oh yeah
previously what you guys all know it's
invisibly Colin I put it on the end card
we recorded our playing footage of
invisible ink today so
we won't get it to our conversation
until later well I'll say one thing is
that supposed to be like a pun like on
comedy invisible huge so cartoon
invisible ink is that intentional I
would assume so but the game itself
isn't cartooning like like that oh it's
very Curt it's not correct not like a
loony Brothers cartoon cartoony
a loony Brothers cartoon is the loony
Brothers where we getting brothers from
even that's what my brain does odd thing
what is wrong with it wrong with brain
brain still rain or with brain make
weird brain make weird work so yeah we
shot actually right now we are at what
time is it
it's 10:30 right now rich and Jack are
at 10 hours of video game recording I
can't say this is that strenuous I just
no no it hasn't been it has not been bad
I'm not complaining it's not like
sitting through all three transformers
was rough that was a hard day for
everyone yeah I'm just saying right now
we have been playing and recording us we
have been recording ourselves playing
video games for the past 10 hours yes
that's a day that is a factual statement
that is a day y'all
that's why brain and I've been here
since you started the stream yeah and
that's after a full day of doing other
stuff yeah for a letter media this is my
fingers I'm on a double shift all I'm
doing is sitting here talking it's not
anything then yeah where's the next
blanket with you it's going out tomorrow
is it yeah Oh guys breaking news
Jay is break why don't why don't you
tell everybody Jack what it's going to
be so it's it's actually it's it's gone
with the work wear this pop time
somebody finally tore that movie a new
asshole yeah Gone with the Wind
God you're hearing it here first yeah
the three-minute deserves you know I I
think it was recently different for a
while gone with the wind
adjusted for inflation was the top
grossing movie yeah and that's what I
think by the way I hate it I don't know
if we've talked about this on the stream
I fucking hate it when people talk about
record-breaking movies every movie that
comes out now is something is breaking
some sort of record but it's never a
Justin for inflation oh no no it's just
whatever they can become you know right
and I think it needs to be seats sold
like tickets sold yeah dot that's the
record breaking not it you know like of
course a movies gonna make twenty
million dollars now yeah
twenty million isn't worth as much as it
used to have fun during London that fun
and Rihanna dreamland oh because it's
not gonna ya know it's just something
that works me the only one at home
the only thing that hasn't broke any
records yeah it's
since city to that movie flopped I have
to shit I love I love the comics I love
the original Sin City how could it be
that bad
I haven't seen them I don't know I think
here's the thing though I don't think
it's necessarily even then it's that bad
it's that nobody cares I love the first
why does I think it's Carrie I don't
care about the second one this is just
because it's been too long
I think it's been too long I've seen the
first one I get it it looks great but I
have no interest in revisiting that
world personally I mean I'll probably
watch it eventually but it just feels
like yeah too little too late I think
you nailed it on the head when you said
I get it yeah the first one was a new
experience it looked different it felt
different than movies that were added
even even if the second one is as good
as the first which I hear it's not it's
it's who cares
no the spectacle is on its own it's a
world we've now seen already yes yes
you may have a world that is that
stylized like okay
I've seen it yeah so any defaults that
the first movie would have is kind of
glossed over because of how it looks
yeah and how it feels yeah
ooh there's apparently Ava green nudity
in it though so I want to go see it
tomorrow any movie with Ava green
apparently has every nudity
yeah I need to see more evergreen movie
oh yeah who's who said that income link
Inc om said Sin City one was simple but
stylish yeah that's a very apt that's a
very concise way to put that simple but
stylish how many people did you lose on
this mission I lost I lost a good couple
maybe three or four maybe five how many
people came out wine how many people I'd
won 100 yeah that's right cuz I made you
I drank you kicking and screaming yeah I
pulled that person out of there you made
that one person run away you and I could
have he could have rambo tit you were
the gorman
what
what light memory saying yeah I don't
yeah sorry like I can't even I can't
even I can't even because I have no idea
what's going on so that yeah rich talk
about Frank Miller in general and ER
he's oh yeah
crazy but brilliant someone's saying
more crazy than brilliant I don't care
he loves me I can tell you this he loves
prostitutes yes yeah he's got a thing
for prostitutes and that's fine that's
just he does what he does his his his
current work yeah sure it's not as good
but some of his older stuff was good or
not that I don't give a shit
this the man this is the man that
brought us the Dark Knight Returns is
run on daredevil the Batman you won
Batman Batman year one you're one is the
most underrated Batman story of all time
honestly honestly like nightfall gets so
much love yeah year one is it great yeah
I agree
Sin City City 300 has a lot of good
style to it like yeah he's done a lot of
good was that Frank Miller that's for me
I was the thing that was Alan Moore
because you were wrong yeah I'm sure you
know why because you only know two comic
book names this is true that's true
and ie they were both made into movies
directed by the same guy so make
megawhatts I'm getting the Watchmen and
300 mixed up okay
yeah but a new Alan warden Watchmen that
I was thinking
right well they're both Zack Snyder
movie so I can see where that connection
was made I you know I Frank Miller has a
thing though well that's all men do
well well here's my question because you
probably know more Frank Miller than me
I he seems to he has tough dudes yes
is that his view of the world or is it
more just he's interested in these seedy
type character I think he's just
interested in those seedy type
characters I don't think anybody could
seriously have a worldview that comic
book II appropriately I believe the
worst of him I believe that that is his
like view of the ultimate world like
Adam that's what I'm curious about cuz I
don't know I even read it enough of this
stuff to really get it I think he like
he looks back and like the the Popey
what type of like Casablanca take ma man
oh you're Nate it was an overwatch shot
but this shot you know like and he sees
like the men men and the women are women
yeah I wish we could go back to that
time yeah man were the tough and women
are sluts if you like his state like the
interviews he gives that's the
impression that I
okay and so that makes me not like him
as much but if you look at his work as
just fiction and removed Frank Miller
from his authorship response well let's
see yeah like I got watch Sin City and I
look at that as a very heightened
version of you know Noir
yes - Anwar hyperdrive are sure but from
other things that first writer Roger
Ebert might have said that oh nice
coinage Robert if your interior I'm not
gonna take credit for - you are okay
that's fine that's fine
I'd like to but like yeah you know you
look at stuff like you know his run off
the ship just a lot his run in the
daredevil book is when he killed Elektra
when he also created this you know no
but but you know right Electra yeah I
don't know i yeah mango she was one of
us lay near the head she was a slutty
Espenson Jake Oh probably told my
lecturers the others the movie with
Jennifer Garner what his prostitutes are
always also assassins if you think if
you think about the way in which
Jennifer Gardner died in the daredevil
movie it was by having a phallic object
shoved through her he that's the case
with most slasher movies it's always the
guy oh no woman this interesting
efficient I'm sure you know that
bullseye bull's-eyes like rusted yeah
like oh my the image in the book is very
like thrusting his manhood through her
okay
it's awful and when he wrote Batman year
one he implied that Catwoman for she was
Catwoman was prostitute a dominatrix
a dominatrix prostatitis is that why do
they all have to be prompted cuz he
loves prostitute
man knows what he likes yes because it's
much easier to objectify women when they
objectify himself yes you don't want to
have a complicated woman who doesn't
want to have sex for money you don't
want a thing that has feelings so I
mentioned this has anyone seen the
spirit the movie Frank Miller directed
on his own without Robert every God know
it's supposed to be awful I never saw it
i here's here's the awful thing about me
is I want to see it I'm curious just
because it got such bad reviews and
stuff but I never got around to watch by
the way we keep it every once in a while
I bring up the idea of the big-budget
superhero flops O'Hara spirits appear to
be a good one yeah for best of the worst
me up there
phantom phantom spirit and you know what
we keep talking about the Green Lantern
the spirit and the shadow the shadow Oh
3083 big-budget flying things more pulp
than superhero - yeah all of them are
kind of I think we got it you got it you
guys were here for this
and the Phantom had Billy Xena
I like Billy's the only problem with
that is I've seen the Phantom and the
shadow so many times oh really
I mean you're on a farm yeah I might
have to be absent from the discussion
but I just wanna watch those dude he
rides a horse and has two guns and goes
to the big city
that's the Phantom I was the Phantom of
post Tim Burton Batman superhero movie
really like what else do we got you oh
yes
yeah Fenton wood phantom I want to say
it was 90s so definitely post Batman but
it is one of those movies that came out
to try and capitalize on the success of
the cetera yes the failure of Tracy yeah
I know
I've heard of described as a flops it
was it was a big flop yeah but I like
the look of it a lot well that's that's
the problem it's weird yeah yeah like
this place is accessible than even
Batman of the bondage fetish movie
Batman Returns
that's a weird movie Batman Returns
weird and I was seeking out those movies
recent minute for some reason to came up
and they don't hold up picture I loved
Batman the first and Burton Batman when
I was when did that come out of 89 yeah
so yeah when I was pretty young I loved
that movie but damn anybody came home
alive you know what Russians fuck you
for such a good job I got four
promotions congratulations
Duke do you want to take a break play
some Marco no one's injured fucking damn
it do we do we have something to play
Mario Kart I know I know I was a joke we
don't congratulations it's really it's
funny fun it's funny no you know I
remember someone talking about the the
Batman movies recently and saying like
everyone look really looks down on like
Batman and Robin and Batman Forever but
they don't hold up the same way the
burden movies don't hold up but it's
just two different styles I'd say the
Burton ones are still better they still
hold up better than the Schumacher ones
because those are just terrible
different style Michael Steele in turn
everyone asked and whenever anyone asks
what I think the worst movie ever made
is my go-to answer for years has always
been Batman Robin alright that movie to
me is like I've never seen a movie just
feel money burning on the screen as much
as that movie I can't agree with you
yeah I can agree with you there's
obviously low budget movies that are
technically worse but just you look at
that movie you're like what a fucking
waste of money yeah it's so bad yeah
yeah
it's so bad that credit card don't leave
good okay without it that's in the movie
oh my god it forgot about yeah that's
something that happens it's fucking
christ it's terrible
mr. freeze ice puns those are bad the
fact that Arnold Schwarzenegger was mr.
freeze in general like his his posse of
ice skating thugs remember they were ice
skating man oh man yes oxygen it was the
one with the bat skates yep
oh fucking hell and Alicia Silverstone
was a I was she was terrible in that
movie and she played a person who raced
motorcycles on the Underground Alfred
nice right yes Alfred's American nice
for some reason oh my god you're making
me remember this movie it's so bad I
tried to watch it probably ten years ago
now but me and a friend of mine we're
like let's watch it like ironically look
I should make fun of it and like not
even halfway into it we were like this
is awful so bad I'm with him I'm with it
and it was so expensive that's what
drives me nuts is just how much money
was thrown at it well just star power
alone right yeah Clooney O'Connell
O'Donnell O'Donnell Jerry I'm not a
Chris Arnold Schwarzenegger uma Thurman
huh motherfucking everyone was in that
movie oh and um was there another lady
I'm just a Batman had a love interest in
right he has to have a love interest in
all those movies that he reveals to them
that he's Batman oh no I was thinking
about him forever I don't know that he
didn't the later ones did he well Batman
Forever had a burger had Nicole Kidman
um
Batman Robin had to have had somebody
unless it was just them because there
like a thing where they were feuding
over uma Thurman and Batman and Robin
were both nothing didn't love with you
on the Thurman or whatever actually I
don't know if there was a love interest
now I want to say I don't think they
bothered at that point despite what many
other things that was directed by Joel
Schumacher yeah he was more interested
in close-ups of the bat suit what the
apples on the bat suit yeah he went he
went a little he went a little old
Hollywood going on the bathtub
what nipples on the bat that what that's
mine that's mine
Joel Schumacher oh my god you be quiet
yeah I think that movie just had so many
people in it yeah that it was they're
like we can't there's no room we filled
this sack there's no room for one more
person what if we filled with this sack
five pounds of shit in a two pound bag
no I'm sure all of them needed an equal
amount of screen time which made
absolutely no sense in the movie oh my
god oh my god taking a break okay you
guys credit card I had I'm seeing
someone say that in the chat and I
remember it now he had a Batman credit
yep
that hurts the brain thinking of him
using the bad credit card
yep where would that money come from is
that is it is that more or less
ridiculous than bad shark recover it's
on the same level there's a thing that
Muni is on the level of the Batman movie
from the sixties Batman the movie yeah
which is more enjoyable yeah because
it's low-budget and because they knew
they were beta they didn't spend two
hundred million dollars on it they
didn't spend eight thousand million
dollars oh my god
I'm having a little like post-traumatic
stress it's and all the memories are
flooding back thinking of this movie I
won I won
take I won premiere tickets Oh to Batman
and Robin from a radio station I didn't
even see in the theater cuz I hated
Batman Forever okay I'm done yeah and
like stop later when he came on video
just out it no it was on cable like a
that's that cable I'll watch it out of
curiosity and oh man oh it's bad it's
bad it's bad but you know what like it
had enough as a kid had had enough in it
for me to like to watch but like we had
to drive up to a really far away theater
to to see the special like sneak preview
screaming of Batman or Robin it was just
like well I guess we're here now I guess
we have to watch the whole movie if
there's no turning back to leave after
we won these tickets it was a smaller
audience so like if we would have left
it would have been noticed Jesus Christ
I only make fear sing
was she in Batman and Robin was she the
lady was there a love interest and it
was element fearsome I don't know I
don't know oh you know who played the
original Catwoman was it Julie Newmar
yeah
or was it um it was - it was Julie
Newmar and it was someone else
yeah her the kit Eartha Kitt I don't
know which came first but uh oh that's a
good question
check you grew up on a farm I did that's
why I watched bad movies number fierson
okay how she wasn't Batman and Robin oh
are you because the movie wasn't stuffed
enough well we were taking a break so
we're reading The Chap what what what
we're eating out there they said you
hack frogs are finally reading the jet
sorry we were having a good conversation
you're talking to a shitty Batman right
mm that's what you guys tune in for oh I
did you know what I really I have not
yet seen the Halle Berry Catwoman movie
I something the theater and I want to
see it we we a bunch of us went in
pajamas why I don't know that was her
thing
really we're gonna come we're gonna come
to the theater at night in pajamas and
watch Catwoman we did and it was
horrible and it wasn't funny bad that's
what we were hoping for it was this bad
bad
oh then apparently there are Ghostbuster
showings in Milwaukee oh and now I'm
kind of interested in going to see it
ghostbusters on the big screen if that's
a thing that we can do we'll hook it up
we'll look into this
how long were you on the effing farm for
most of my childhood we moved out of the
farm when I was 14 we moved to the outer
suburbs and then when I was 16 we moved
to the suburbs suburbs so for most of my
childhood I was on a farm not still on
the farm we're streaming from the start
the farm we've actually we've moved the
studio to the farm yeah it's not a farm
anymore it wasn't a farm it stopped
being a real farm when I was like seven
or eight it would like we'd still have
the barn in the cornfields but most of
the animals were gone by that point
that's very interesting I know I I
didn't go to see the Star Trek TNG
reunion oh yeah in Chicago and here's
here's here's the deal I'm glad I went
because now I can say you know I saw the
TNG cast it's like I always wanted to
see George Carlin and one of my big
regrets is then now I will never be able
to see him live I always wanted to see
him like that song twice fuck you so so
you know I can say I saw the next
generation crew but the show was kind of
bad yeah they didn't really talk about
anything new that I didn't know already
Shatner was just a fucking awful
moderator Widener there he was sick
ASIMO I was her cousin alignment get
Patrick storms so they're like well if
we can't get Patrick Stewart
we'll give a blank check and then later
down the road Patrick Stewart was like
well you know all going okay but that's
like there were no questions prepared
ahead of time like a good moderator
guides a discussion yes along a path and
Shatner just instantly went to audience
questions and audience questions are
almost always slain and universally lame
yeah yeah I am an engineer because of
Star Trek and it's
you feel about Star Trek and how they
influenced engineering their fucking
actor the Sun they don't nor give a shit
they're very glad you became an engineer
they can't they have no good answer for
that question and they didn't like they
look at each other like um well I don't
know yeah engineering uh dr. levar he
got a rating shit and I know another
thing about the show I think they come
out and woman for one Michael Dorn lost
a ton of weight
oh yeah you know then I know a nemesis
II wasn't kind of budging big he walked
out on stage he was a fuckin beanpole
okay fuckin beanpole you know he walks
out the suit Maria surface walks out a
dress Jonathan Frakes nice shirt on
Jada's gotta see what the Mars got a
nice shirt on Patrick Stewart walks out
in a t-shirt and a hoodie hoodie is up
over his head and then he slouches on
the couch like like a 19 year old kid it
was the weirdest fucking pie thing
that's great Patrick Stewart well he was
probably really high that's what he does
now he's really Patrick Stewart he bangs
his superhot wife girlfriend I don't
know he's got a super hot young wife
girlfriend I didn't know then they get
high and make vines they get high and
make youtube videos Patrick Stewart does
not I'm not disapproving of what he did
it's just Patrick Stewart very proper
English gentleman I like Shakespeare he
walks out no hoodie just slouching
angles up I like shakespeareans oh my
gosh
yeah just putting in a t-shirt and go to
see those a Shakespeare Improv Theater
which is in town it was like where the
t-shirt and he plugged them it was like
one of the last things he did go see the
Shakespeare improv group they're amazing
but Shatner spent most of the night
blathering on and you know I didn't I
didn't come here to see you well it's
nice look guy here but shut up and oh he
spent like 20 minutes asking everybody
if they're if they thought their
character should have had more sex what
yes what yes you like like asking of how
much Jory got laid
that was a really annoying subplot of
most of the day ah yeah that was the
first response yeah well well he tried
we did but he wasn't he asked everybody
and it was like it was like 20 minutes
of the show which was supposed to go on
for an hour and a half I'm supposed to
be like from from 5 to 6:45 they left
half hour really oh yeah 6:15 came up
and just like yeah we're going there's 8
sudden tears Oh was there an awkward
silence where they were like we're done
or was it just they just I'm sure I I
don't remember it was an awkward silence
before I don't remember because it just
hit me so suddenly it's like what
they're going no really but no you've
seen I saw them ok I'm glad about that
that's good well it was it a convention
or was it just there it was the the show
was linked to the convention but was
held separately across the street had a
theater ok who's decent about people did
you go to a convention our just not just
whatever ok that's Benton
Star Trek I enjoy the next generation
it's not a trick
that is all
yes mr. planner we are we done I'm I
think I'm fat Mike are you that film all
right yeah I think we can call it we
will read the chat for a little bit
longer yeah and see if y'all have any
questions or any funny things you want
us to say in funny voices I won't do
that no none of us will no but you can
say it
yes George Carlin is dead all right P
our IP never good to Sam live now always
wanted to I always want to composure
twice and it was great when when I was a
child like my grandmother was
overprotective and she went to a Wayne
Newton concert once and she couldn't
leave me at home
so I got dragged kicking and screaming
to a Wayne Newton concert and teasing me
all over the the venue were ads like the
next day George Carlin and I was so
pissed cuz I love George Carlin yeah and
I thought y'all gonna see George Carlin
someday no I can't no I can't sorry
oh why couldn't he have died instead oh
I'm sure why Newton's a nice person you
guys we're probably not gonna play Deus
Ex I don't know what that is a game a
lot of people like it I don't give a
fuck you don't give a fuck about Deus Ex
I keep calling it Deus Ex
that's what it looks like you will
someday I'm assuming that's in reference
to saying George Carlin he was a staunch
atheist that's true the second time I
saw him was shortly after I moved to
Milwaukee I think was the first within
the first few months I lived up here and
uh I went some downtown the first half
of his routine was almost beat for beat
whatever his last HBO special was I was
like this is cool that I'm seeing them
but I know all these jokes I know this
routine and then halfway through he just
veered into completely new shit that
I've never heard before and it was so
great oh yeah yeah I think it was like
the first half was like this is the
stuff that I know works and I'm gonna
try up some new material on could you
cut the the image I'm gonna go to the
discover oh sure give me one second
