Episode 059
Invisible Inc. Rich Run (Part 1)
September 22, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzGW-_eRrMM
___________________________________________

smash about this time are we actually
now we I thought I I clicked the start
streaming button but there's a new
version of open broadcaster and I
actually hit the start recording button
so I started actually singing Smash
Mouth you might know the song the world
hate the sharpest tool in the shed
do you remember that when the song was
on the earth the album cover looked like
it was a car were floating through space
and the car was glowing green and I was
always curious if that was an
intentional reference to repo man I like
repo man repo man's great I don't know
if it is or if that wasn't intentional
reference or it's just a coincidence but
ya know that ending would that music and
everything oh yeah we not the girls like
to be leo but about our relationship the
news goes fuck that by the way spoilers
everybody for repo man if they haven't
seen it by now if you ever see it might
now see it because it's gonna be I'm
great yeah we're the best movie
soundtracks of all time
yeah yeah yeah repo man was fun mmm-hmm
that was a fun movie recently released
by criterion which is kind of crazy
really
yeah I'm criterion put out Regal man
good for them yeah what could for them
okay hi everybody
we're here now for realsies we bother
with introductions or they all fucking
know who we are
yeah yeah really they accidentally
stumbled into the stream ah you know you
never know breach is here jack is here
and J is here I've got pumpkin beer at
the moment but I have some in the fridge
is it pumpkin be your time already oh
god damn it is yeah I put up my
Halloween decoration this and my plastic
jack-o'-lantern on August 31st it's a
Halloween it's Halloween for the next to
one that is not true it has been in my
place oh it's great I'm tempted to leave
it up all year long that's terrible but
yes it's it is pumpkin beer season oh
well good
I'm good all right having some problems
already but that's cool it's quite
possible that you guys are not hearing
the game music but oh no you should be
hearing the game music alright hold on
we're gonna get invisible ink going no
you know not pass stream you guys were
talking about I hadn't seen you at the
trailer for Tusker oh yeah you're saying
let's just rip off the human centipede
it's the human centipede acceptance to a
human centipede is a walrus I just saw
the trailer myself it looks more like a
parody human centipede to be I think
it's just supposed to be a joke that
it's a walrus
I don't know I couldn't get a they're
like comic actors right well I mean that
Mike parks yeah oh my god like a parks
is great but I know I couldn't figure
out from the trailer what kind of tone
he was trying to go for whether or not
he's going for it and I got a comedy but
the premise
I got a comedy by the premise is funny
but helping in the trailer
the movie was supposed to be funny
that's why I don't know what the fuck
it's supposed to be I'll probably see it
just out of curiosity but I'm assuming I
don't know if this is a joke I've heard
another movie he's working on
it's called moose jogs which is kind of
the straight-up jaws homage only it's
giant moose and not a shot outside of
puppies entering like some kind of
awkward horror comedy face he's just
that bad before life horror
I think he's entering a phase cuz he
does his podcasts and he is an advocate
of being stoned all the time
no that's the he talks about it all the
time and I think he on his podcast they
just talk a bunch of bullshit and they
come up with some dumb idea as a joke
and he says well let's just make a movie
on that that seems to be what he's doing
I know for a fact that's what tusk is
okay so I don't I don't know it's like
just some dumb idea you you think of
joke you know jokingly and then you
decided to actually make it so I don't
know I think though what he wants I'm
gonna show you you can also do nothing
and that might be better you know that
could be nice I just wish she would shut
up he went on a tirade back when I'm out
about how critics are the worst thing
and every critic is a failed artist and
blah blah critic shouldn't be allowed to
see to review movies if they don't pay
for and now just recently I read cuz the
tusk is getting decent reviews yeah so
it's like you know maybe I was too harsh
on critics oh that's awesome
he's he comes across like I like it like
a drama queen like a high school drama
quite sure oh that's what you know what
that is this stupid that's just too bad
that's really funny boom I suppose he
ever washes that hockey jersey he's
always wearing them I'm sure he has like
15 yeah right I use are you sure I'm not
sure this is the man who's making a
movie called moose jobs
it was Johnson who's just maybe what's
going on with this we're having some
issues oh it wouldn't be a previously
recorded live stream if we weren't
having so much going on in the chat
did your chat stop the type testing and
it showed up but nobody's typing
anything Oh mine's going confirms chat
can you hear us
yeah they're talking about Kevin Smith
okay
oh I'm from master hypocrite
extraordinaire private i1j Serena smart
okay all right probably not a sec no
problem on our end no no it's fine okay
every you know what everything is
everything's fine except for the fact
that we're not playing the game that's
not that's not fine well you guys are
you just gonna have to hear us talk for
a little bit a nice that's gonna have to
be fine can we make fun of Kevin Smith
some more absolutely all right
absolutely
I don't know anything else to say I just
read I think the worries talking about
Howie
maybe you I know what's happening that
guy
don't worry I have no idea what's I know
what's happening now I remember this
we've had this issue before we've had
this exact issue before I did end up at
some kind of he was he was he was in
Milwaukee for some kind of chat with
Kevin Smith live thing oh yeah I just
ended up I think you were with - yeah
yeah and Jason Mewes was there yeah vvj
of Jay and Silent Bob and the man is
just a fucking scumbag stories just
illustrate what a horrible human being
is what time I was fucking this chick in
a car and then I got out of the car
uh-huh and it's all on my face because I
was so fucked up on drugs and everyone
in the theater is just like laughing
he's got the worst fan base oh not not
the Jason Mewes cuz he wouldn't have a
fan base
okay the Kevin Smith fan base doesn't
make any sense to me
it doesn't yeah where it's like they
just like juice
you seen things doesn't matter how
stupid or our really horrible not even
funny yeah that's the thing it's like he
wasn't spinning it until she stole my
friend's car and then I got into a car
accident I was I was high so I ran away
from the cops and abandoned his car
that's my story and that's it yeah I
didn't apologize or anything I just
asked him for more money the next day
what's funny is right after that
happened three half in the bag
just the one with the the the thing that
comes in the mail or it's full of it
says you yeah like it sees close to me
that oh yeah we gotta close up with a
shit hitting the ground and it fell
right down to a newspaper they had Kevin
Smith on the cover it's actually good
bad because of that fuck that guy oh
he's sad
Haley not though I mean he's successful
he's doing what he wants good for him
but chemically
tell him using enough stories again yeah
I'm just saying that Jason uses a scum
pack yeah okay I'm gonna say that's fair
I guess I mean well is he still a
scumbag is the thing why you seem like
it or has he gotten his shit together
well I know the man personally Oh
amazing insight no well then there you
go
I know I know I think he's clean now and
we had a horrible drug problem yeah I
think he's clean now so there's a lot of
drug addicts and Clank they're clean
that's true I don't know that's that's
the stories it easily okay and good for
him I guess yeah the man that the man
looks strung out in person so I'm not
sure that was years ago though we saw
yesterday he might still have been you
know he might have been on and off the
wagon five times since that ya know you
guys are gonna see some pretty great
stuff happening there we go finally
finally finally they should be able to
hear and see invisible ink all right I'm
just gonna turn the music down a little
bit
it's your enzyme thank you octo J octo J
our greatest mod because he's our newest
mom I don't need this to you know what
the hell you don't want to hear that you
don't want to hear the soothing sound
I put it close oh my god this court
doesn't reach no no that doesn't reach
actually just pluck Jack please tell
rich NJ to wish me a happy birthday I'm
Garvey the bday boy you don't want you
act again your happy birthday to ya Bree
Gaby the v-j boy would like only rich
and Jade so we have a happy birthday not
as long as you're discriminating against
my friendship whoa Thanks yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna stand up for it
Wow I'm gonna click the play game button
because we've been streaming for half an
hour
start start new game okay
what we doing oh well you don't have
endless unlock janitor Oh Oh would you
be a beat story mode yeah and then
endless mode okay well yeah just start a
new story well there seems to be some
confusion dr. J is not me J it's a
different J should wait for the sake of
the stream should we play for the
tutorial or not no yeah no we know
what's going on if they have questions
we'll talk there's a better question
since we did that the review came out
today and I especially bitched about how
hard the game is yeah
then right after we shot that they
released an update to the game but now
there is an easy board well you know
what let's play easy mode to show you
how still hard his fuckin balls it is ah
even I'm easy mode I can't win this game
well I know but we don't like that yo
y'all have banks on or Shayla oh this is
a new down look Oh guys I've been
playing on my Mac sighs OH brand new god
oh no do this with shit equipment you
have to do jack Chuck
rich rich rich sometimes life isn't fair
sometimes like here we go here we go huh
I don't even know what the profit
let's weigh every texture and
Lancashire's now I'm gonna do what you
do god oh my god you guys are actually
what did I happen what I have a very
easy I don't know a that's great
I'd lined up some lucrative do you want
like a charity for now do you want to
say this way yeah we can shoosh this
Maggie am I gonna unplug everything if I
move the stick here why don't you move
the couch forward we could move because
that means the horses there we go no
that doesn't change that's a great
there's a lot of things we can do that
don't involve you squatting in front of
the computer for those of you who can't
see us which is all of you Richie Rich
in order to get closer to the computer
monitor he hunkered down
he hunkered down he hunkered down right
in front of that computer by a server
farm give me a bomb I want a fucking
pole vault vault Wow no vaults someone
someone in the chat asked if i
pre-ordered Binding of Isaac rebirth
fuck yes I did the very first day you
could pre-order this and what did I
think it's a trailer oh it's fucking
weird I love it remember like the sender
creepy puppet trailer nuances once
you're out the gup-e puppets and they
were little boys crying oh yeah that's
for video game that I really like okay
and he put out his new trailer and it's
just full of like mud covered nude
people and he like weirdly censored out
there naughty bits in its oh it's weird
you know I'll watch it later
sure I will watch that I really enjoy it
I enjoy James it is the name of the guy
who makes those videos on the way for
binding advising
and I'll enjoy em fuck I'm sorry I'm
sorry that I'm making you part of it
dude I know III don't have the goddamn
parasite thing I just got the standard
block fit that's right this is terrible
all right all right nothing nothing good
unlocked
nothing where did you get so entitled
ring this is just a game there's a bunch
of people who just want to know what the
game is so this is the neat thing about
the game procedurally generated levels
so you never know what kind of level
you're gonna get and what do they call a
fog of war and so the only way you can
see into a room is if your character can
see into them and because of
procedurally generated here we have our
first dead end empty room just drink
just some bunk beds just some bunk bed
for every empty room we take a drink cuz
that's a rule I just made up yeah see
what he's doing that he's peeking into
the door so then it clears up that fog
of war and you can click observe and
that shows you where the guards gonna
move on the next turn so I clicked
observe on him cost one movement point
but that red line shows me exactly what
the cards good yeah so if you had some
more movement points you could actually
get in there and hide behind that desk
but you don't have enough to get in
there oh good he's gonna turn around he
might not see now you there's no cover
where that is though I mean it's not
worth the risk probably but I'm just
saying it's also guys make sure you
close those doors this this game is all
about politeness yes it sounds like
we're joking but you'll be shocked when
you get caught by a guard who walks by
the door you left open and he only sees
you because you left the door open every
fucking time that I have my character
ends up fucked later in the game it's
because I left the door open every
single goddamn
I found the elevator home which is nice
it's not they did you close the fucking
door
no he walks back there isn't there I
can't hide their frozen synapses balls
awesome balls what what Rosen saying Oh
a lot of people are making suggestions
of other grid-based movement turn-based
strategy games Oh in the YouTube
comments then yeah that you might enjoy
okay so what I am what is frozen snaps
us I think it's one of those I gathered
that maschmann is what you guys you type
some things sometimes and I just
literally have no idea what you're
saying I just I'm just gonna say that
yes sorry Cameron Mitchell I am i also
am upset that i did not make that joke
someone someone said we should have
inserted the clinton of Cameron Mitchell
saying close the fucking yeah we didn't
we make reference to that while we were
playing to at some point I'm surely yeah
it's you know guys I'm sorry I'm sorry
that I missed that joke Oh son of a
bitch I just I can't do much just the
problem in life I can't get around this
corner because of this guard yes not too
busy okay yeah I understand now now I
get it
well after the fact okay who shadow want
run shadowrun returns as a game that I
keep hearing a game that you
play if you've never played shadowrun
returns no I'm not familiar with a
Shadowhunter so there you go Babel rich
fucked up everything's fucked it failed
it failed reference drinkin beer
oh it's turn-based but all your
movements all your units moving together
we might grid-based all right rich does
or whatever shut up there's nothing
behind there anyway this is all for
nothing have you have you reached
another empty oh well it has the
elevator so it's not technically an
empty room no but this guy is gonna turn
around the very next turn yeah where is
he gonna go though it's far too early to
be knocking people odd no no I'm not
come on where's he gonna go oh we got to
know you've 6 you can yeah you can still
I bet you could hide still behind that
desk aney he's gone he's walking behind
that desk I mean on this second oh well
he'll come when he's coming this way
he'll blatantly say I guarantee if you
want also I don't guarantee you could
hide on this wall you could hide on this
wall and he won't see it I'm doing this
fuck you but now you're trapped I will
see you could hide on that all and we'll
see we'll see
you fuck
Lucas farts subscribed Thank You Lucas
farts for subscribing have a pizza roll
and then it's a really amusing name he
didn't see me
he didn't see me Jack huh he didn't seem
he you could he I did them in out I
didn't smart yeah I I made smart Jay
Lucas arts is the name of a famous
it is a vision you got it up to that and
it's fucked I guess it farts you don't
need to explain the jokes to meet
someone what he's doing is he's taking
like a reference that we all know
LucasArts yes but also making it a joke
about passing gas through your butt now
I get it
good what's wrong with you people
what oh sorry we are unable to connect
to chat reconnecting in two seconds
hurry videos do I have playing for the
RLI manual stream I don't know yet it's
only September oh and Mike shotgun just
subscribed thanks Mike shotgun good is
that is he like describing what he's
going to do is that what that is he shot
a gun I don't know I think that's a
thread Oh remember the I don't remember
the dig was there a game company yeah I
was LucasArts adventure game I haven't
played it though huh I can't tell you
what the fuck am I made a lot of old
adventure games
I haven't played any of them I don't
have the nigga 20 games for Super
Nintendo like the Star Wars games for
those those monopoly LucasArts games any
anything Star Wars back in the day the
only LucasArts game ever played but the
Star Wars trilogy um I think it was
Super Nintendo right and everything good
be that's why I had a super time um also
mini act mention I'm familiar with it
very good lianna's SSS Oh rich our
interview is under editorial review they
remember the interview yeah like eight
months ago for Leon assistant yeah yeah
it's gonna come up soon okay okay Thank
You Liana's is this my under review I
was like what does that mean doesn't
mean we did something questionable they
decided whether or not they can use it
pretty much they're deciding whether
they want to turn it over to the
authorities or not
and I can't show this time this is
unusable what did you do Leon what did
you do you're fired
lock door the red doors are locked
you need a passkey that's true
I'm just letting people don't know that
oh you're right you're right I know you
know that sometimes I forget we have to
tell people thanks that's our property
don't have to sure that's true you can
do whatever you want can't do it this is
your world I should tell the stream we
were we were off last week and I didn't
do my solo stream this weekend because I
was in Seattle all weekend Seattle's a
really pretty place Alex yeah yeah we
had a lot of fun I was there for
bachelor party and everything was really
nice and pretty
no that's it bye that's a great story
yeah what a great story mark Oh
apparently Tommy Wiseau has been cast in
samurai cop too yes which is a little
odd that makes me
well that means they're trying to
deliberately make a bad movie which is
actually well that's my concern
this up until now I wasn't sure what
they were going for but that kind of
tips it into oh okay we're actually
doing something bad did you see that
kickstarter jump after that news broke
no really they actually might have check
out post there to their home loan
and I checked a couple hours after the
news broke and it jumps really yeah oh
yeah so almost 35,000 might not make it
11 days ago and now it's possible it's
been steadily going up usually seems
like I think Kickstarter isn't it
there's usually a big burst right at the
beginning and then right at the end sure
so we'll see we'll see I mean at this
point it probably worth it just for them
to raise the rest themselves well they
have all the money for themselves yeah
this is just for some additional effects
work or whatever but that's right that's
right I don't know that's right J I
don't think I have any interest in
seeing Tommy was so in anything else
except for the disaster artist but he
played himself but that's not happening
is that confirmed that he's not playing
himself hey I think it's been confirm
the James Franco's playing that part
which is Huawei still in here I hate
them
yeah I would hate that well it's such a
shame because it's a good book it's an
interesting story yeah hopefully we do
something song like that must be I don't
know I don't know how much impermanent
thing they have a director attached most
Franco's doing that too I had no idea
well it's Franco Ruby right Joe Rogan's
Joe okay for you coach Taylor okay so
Joe Rogan's well it's their production
comes gonna do push-ups Frank who is
playing Greg oh okay that's playing Greg
Sestero
thanks
I can like I could buy that I'm just
saying things I would be okay with that
yeah but I would really like to see
Tommy Wiseau play himself I don't want
to see someone do a bad impression of
him but you can tamp down noir so play
himself he's Tommy we're so yeah exactly
you had a little Hannah Rickie to the
movie oh be great one of the lines he'd
said weird things better
snort likes whiskey thank you for
subscribing we appreciate that pizza
roll and oxygen thank you for saying
thank you because that makes me you see
when people subscribe
who does why
Mickey Rourke is Tommy Wiseau oh that's
interesting
oh he goes we could go for a walk say
that yeah baby
I'm picturing it being someone like like
James Franco or someone younger that'll
just do like a bad impression but if you
get just a really great actor something
that you wouldn't expect to be in
something like that
sure stop a locked door to an empty
lever shit there's nothing in here
there's nothing
oh there's another door this that is the
locked door though I came around before
I went around outside see what was in
here and nothing well let you know what
that is it's a secondary exit if you had
the key card okay so that doesn't count
as an empty room keep making keep making
sure to call out when you get a
completely empty room well there's
nothing in the room other than a door
that's cadet counts all right Aaron hey
Vanya Vanya thank you for subscribing go
have him oh I'm not drunk I haven't been
drinking it huh good there I'll get
there I just had I had problems talking
sometimes Bryan Cranston is Tommy or so
then I can't see good actor like who was
oh no I'm gonna forget his name who was
the an Iron Man 3 the villain Kingsley
is like a really respectable actor who's
well known for getting very into it yeah
I still say though it doesn't matter who
you get Tommy Wiseau would be the best
choice to play Tommy was so perhaps the
best way to make that movie is to not
yes sorry I'm playing the game that's
why I shouldn't be playing the game
plays I keep playing the game
keep on if something exciting happens
tell us talk I just knocked out a guy
and I got a key part hey congratulations
so now you can get into all the red
doors yes
that's great but now he's gonna get up
and be pissed
oh I'm gonna stay on top of him and not
let him get up yeah what if I and I
haven't read the disasters I would like
to good very good book hey that's what I
units out of here but what if the the
book takes place with Tommy kind of in
the shadows there's no way to tell that
story would that be in the case there's
no way to tell the story of the
production without having to well it's
not just the production it's also his
personal relationship with Greg Sestero
the other actor from the movie okay
which I didn't know before reading the
book I didn't know that they had such a
long history before making the movie
they this weird kind of friendship kind
of rivalry thing more so from Tommy
Wiseau's I'm fit
yeah their relationship is the heart of
the entire book there won't be any way
to make that yeah okay without that
that's good not that you have nothing
what wait don't you have nothing else
man that's true that's true they're
gonna pick that up next
go for it quick green I have my I've
lots I've just discovered I wrote this
book I love this couple I've talked
about it many times oh yeah - oh yeah
post apocalyptic everyone lives in a
giant Cylon around it's like Lord of the
Rings to get from floor to floor
no elevator anyway I really love the
book and I can't I couldn't stop
thinking about it and then I found out
that since that book was so popular the
guy has written like six other books in
the same universe okay not direct
sequels just other stories like there
was a prequel there was like the stuff
that happens in different places in the
world like okay I haven't I don't know
if they're all connected yet but so I've
been shopping are you gonna do it I
forgot the clothes store
you forgot to close the door oh that's
gonna fuck you in no I'm not going back
that way so might not bite me in the end
just everyone but everyone take note
where's that open door it's right over
there it's over show everyone where it
is right here right right here take note
of rich gets fucked right there BCD
motherfucker always be closing doors huh
never have you ever seen Glengarry Glen
Ross no I know you should see it there's
a lot of motherfuckers
everyone's cusses in that movie that's
that's a thing alec baldwin is this uber
salesman ABC always be closing
it's an intense movie it's not very good
I'm Gary Glen Ross joke thank you
everybody for doing us exactly Ross joke
hour I don't live in a bar now I've
never lived in a barn I had a bar near
me I've always lived in houses or
apartments okay which are kind of like
houses but they're connected to other
tiny houses yes why are you so negative
against burns now I'm why am I so
negative against Barnes um you know cuz
I spent my youth my youth building them
that was Amish that's not true I have
nothing but respect for the Amish
because I wouldn't want them to hear
this except for the ones with beers oh
fuck those guys holier-than-thou
next stop barn shaming that's right you
can swear in the chat I changed it so
you can write swear words in the chat
congratulations child-bride fuck yeah
all the fucks and ships and asses you
want that is something you have the
ability to change because I know some
training sites you can uh yeah you can
either you can opt you can opt out of
the globally banned words there's a
group of globally dying words and I was
opt-in for others cuz I didn't know
nice you guys want to slow the chat is
it getting that fast already
come city I'm reading everyone sir
big floppy donkey dick I love a swear
words uh yeah you know what
I just turn down slow-mo the room is not
Sloan and I don't believe subscribers
subscribers aren't shouldn't be affected
by slowmode okay so subscribers go nuts
everyone else here in slow mode poopy
foxy fucks my mistakes are just
compounding on me know if someone see
you through the door they're going to oh
you know what the wonderful thing about
guards okay so guard wonder overwatch
okay that means that move more than one
square he's gonna shoot me yeah but
here's here's the wonderful thing about
doors hey where do you go put my guys in
the melee overwatch problem so that is I
mean it's dumb yes I love it like
literally he was on the other side of
the door and you just slowly close I
don't know he got away from me now we're
gonna get the fuck out here domine and
fairy just subscribe thank you very very
pick what big button ah sheetmetal cock
what now you're just saying words with
swears which i 100% incur yeah oh is
that still the first level yeah oh my
god that's great
FTL is greater than invisible I mean
remember this guy's invisible yes but
this is a fine game
invisible ink is not done yet it's not
done yet
so and they're different they're two
different games
I enjoy FTL a lot but I'm also enjoying
I I really want it to be done now that's
the real thing this installation okay I
thought you're gonna say dildo Baggins
Oh Oh which would've been great
no someone did someone swear oh that's
this way so don't blunder the question
is is it a blender that blends dildos or
is it a blender that has rotating dildos
and the dildos blend two things either
way neither of those are swear words
still don't yeah it was not a swear word
you probably can't say it on TV though
I'm only comfortable associated with one
of those people what someone who blends
dill I guess I guess still don't have
not the actual penis it's different
there like a blender that would
specifically design for chopping up
penises that would not be somebody I'd
wanna hang around with that name
what where did that come from tightly
dildos that's different the course is
just a fake dick yeah it's related sure
all related the question is what would
someone want with a dildo paste or with
several dildos spinning quickly make an
efficient pleasure I think that'd be a
highly inefficient blender I think
either product would be a huge fan
you're sure that were to be turned into
a real unless dildo paste
suddenly became the big thing it's like
to guru that like glue anything to
anything steps you know the head no su
gurus like it's it's like play-doh right
but as soon as it's done after a couple
hours it hardens and it turns into like
an impenetrable rubber okay and so you
can use it's like fix anything yeah so
maybe that's what ground-up dildos I'm
gonna guess not probably now if anyone
knows anyone that works at Subaru not to
become flute confused with Subaru
furniture still comes as an empty room
but there's nothing useful in there yeah
empty room empty room take a drink
yeah no only only if only if there's
something you can interact with in the
room okay whether it's another door the
elevator camera if any of that kind of
stuff but if it's an empty room even
even a camera that does no that doesn't
serve any function really it's something
you can interact with all right I mean
all right that's fair enough
well the sudden we'll see how drunk
these people want to get they want to
die they were
dildo pace recommended by best of the
worst thank you
what chance is done ah the Chauncey yeah
you know what the Ted seized up for us a
couple times too we don't know why yeah
I popped out the chat and that seemed to
fix it so oh good maybe try that good it
seems to be freezing for different
people at different times for some
reason well I blame everyone else hey
there sorry I see someone in the chat
say talk about movies come nuggets not
now not open how long how would you say
that now wouldn't you say call us are
you such filthy language it sounds like
you're calling us come nuggets and
that's a little insulting to come
nuggets what is it COO nugget it's
nothing it's it's it's a combination of
words to create a new insanity it's not
a solid it's an impossible if you hang
it be like it'd be like popcorn shrimp
you know like little pieces of semen
breaded and deep-fried I don't like this
conversation yeah this is going so you
need to specialized equipment to make
well you have to place it first it's
like it's like a deep-fried candy bar if
you guys ever had deep-fried candy bars
I have not they're great they're super
fantastic at the State Fair and I always
get a deep-fried Milky Way okay I think
I had a deep-fried Oreo mmm State Fair
we have had deep-fried our house yes oh
did I have that with you when you went
there to eat all the food yep okay yeah
they're good those were good yeah
deep-fried candy bars though legit
because it makes the candy bar on the LP
also keep trying to organize legit -
those are good yeah I'll just go off
deep fryer I have deep fried green beans
those were good what did I had those
really bad
oh I had a deep-fried s'mores and it
tasted like cardboard was that one week
yeah I remember that's what ended it oh
okay
what a very failed video that I tried to
make once know was that the one where I
grew on didn't either one nice thing
yeah okay almost made me hurl I had a
video idea where I go to State Fair and
just trying to eat all of the disgusting
things that I could in in one afternoon
and Jay came and filmed it for me it
turned out not to work out because as it
turns out watching me eat things isn't
that entertaining but we still tried and
I got to eat a lot of gross things and
the last thing I ate was a deep-fried
s'more it was just a small chocolate
marshmallow graham crackers battered and
deep-fried which sounds amazing it seems
like it would be fine but I think I'd
eaten so much that my tongue stopped
working and so just tasted like
cardboard it maybe it made me want a
girl
yeah hi you guys are saying gross things
I didn't say well I guess right you guys
would all want to rich Evans eat a
hamburger of course but that's
entertaining that's right we did make
that a video
I don't think anyone wanted me to make
that it's on the separate video and you
just did I just did it yeah that's fair
that's fair maybe one of the least liked
videos we've made which makes it funnier
of me
you take your audience Jane what did I
expect for what
oh I expected some comedy in the eating
stuff video because I would talk about
the food and you know it was like a
challenge like how much can I eat yeah
it was a lot I think I did the math and
and I think I ate over
I ate over 12,000 calories I remember
you weighed yourself when we got back
and you gained like I gained like three
pounds and that was that was I had I was
gonna say three or four somewhere I
again I weighed myself right before we
left and right when we came back and I
gained like three and we could have been
four pounds and so it was like a little
experiment and I thought I could make
something funny out of it very quickly
as like no this is just me eating not
funny maybe it's something about food
videos cuz we tried to do something with
the Denny's Hobbit menu last year yeah
and we never fed it I never finished the
video cuz it just didn't work yeah foods
tough cuz you know it's just inherently
disgusting it is a rise that line
between funny and gross and yeah yeah
you know what failure is always an
option that's something I like what are
you what are we saying rich in the video
I know we were all like talking like
idiots and same bizarre things about the
food we're just coming joki names from
what they called it like Bilbo's burp
arf burger wasn't
we were coming up with the names we
thought it was really funny but then
when we shot it it just wasn't the
constipation of smog wasn't that some of
the things we were saying later this is
gonna run out of my hobbit hole yeah
stuff like that I don't remember it
wasn't funny it wasn't funny it seemed
funny the idea seemed funny at the time
but we couldn't make anything funny out
of it
I am so that's an unreleased video that
happens yeah yeah no everything's funny
100% of the time all the time yeah
that's that's a glorious thing about
editing is you take out that not funny
stuff
and sometimes that's the entire video or
sometimes you take something that isn't
funny and make it funny with the editing
yes yeah it's the entire foundation of
red letter media hey that German dude
thank you for subscribing
we appreciate your pizza roll oh wait
that could be good some totally not
Jake's is Jack watching you eat things
is almost as entertaining as watching
you play video games which I'm gonna say
is a pretty entertaining so thank you
I have to go to the other room ow you're
certain that's the way he meant
absolutely okay there's no other way it
could have been meant so he's saying you
he wants me to make this video just two
year old eating things at the State Fair
video I'm gonna happen all these goodies
that's it you know what that's a good
question II throw knock once rich and I
discuss our feelings on horror
videogames not fit that's my feelings a
horror video game alright another kind
of horror I'm not a big fan of horror in
general yeah yeah okay if I want to be
scared I'll just take a long hard look
at my life
yeah and I I like horror movies and I
like scary movies
I find horror video games to constantly
be unimpressive I even not scary or not
no it's never it's it's either not scary
or it's 100% cheap jump scared okay that
would drive me nuts it's like now what's
the fucking point yeah you know I there
there's very few games that make me feel
scared there are many games that make me
feel tense but they have nothing to do
with horror yeah if I'm getting later in
a run of FTL
which you know we get one life to make
because the whole game and to get to
those later levels and your ship is down
to its last three bars
I am scared for my ship and that's a
real tense moment but no horror game I
mean I remember playing like Resident
Evil the Resident Evil games and beamed
a little creeped out a good atmosphere
but I was the thief gave me a couple
scares got an eerie scary feeling and
that wasn't a horror game so it head
overtones it did it by actually
generating a creepy spooky atmosphere
and then and not by something like
anything that's choir yeah yeah that's
the thing
jump-scares are 100% bullshit on that
not all the time they can be used
effectively at the end of Friday the
13th is a jump-scare the end of Carrie
is a jump-scare that's actually they
ripped off at the end of Carrie with
Friday the 13th but no because I said we
need to jump scare huh but then again
that was a time when their movies like
that's what a lot of horror movies now
are is nothing but jump scares
mmm the bad horror movies I shouldn't
say I'm nothing but jump scares yeah the
fucking Nightmare on Elm Street where
you make Jesus that was the worst when
it comes to jump scares yeah I didn't
see it just because you can startle
people though I mean you're scaring them
that's a lot of noise it's gonna be fun
jump must no lasting impact that's a
funny way to put it it's true yeah just
once one one takes craft and care and
and skill careful preparation and the
other ones just a cheap scare tactic
yeah exactly yeah it's just a loud noise
yeah
Odaiba safe I'm just a safe okay uh yeah
I'm gonna get it go babe it's got money
it's got I'm gonna get that money gotta
get that cash I don't know who doesn't
know in prime which is prime most of you
in this game you use cash to upgrade
your characters and so the more money
you get the more special move
you can also buy equipment which you
really need some decent equipment
cash money the last little limit soldier
I'm making it I'm I'm pantomiming as if
I'm making it rain that's what you guys
should know I'm making it rain this is
here that that's me I'm pantomiming
grabbing the money it was funnier my way
I agree yeah you know people people sent
us that five nights at Freddy's game
because it's like the Showbiz Pizza bear
the horror game so they thought that I'm
a funny joke for rich to play it but as
soon as I start I started watching a
playthrough to see like what it was all
about to see if maybe it would be funny
the second it started I knew exactly
what was gonna happen and it was a jump
scare thing it's a jump a screamer thing
yeah no really the entire the entire
game you are at like a control panel and
you can like close and open doors and
see with security cameras but you can't
move mmm and then do you like me look at
the control panel you can look up in
your room okay and then the five minutes
at Showbiz Pizza bear characters start
moving around it's a it's like close the
right doors and you look down at your
thing and you can look up into your room
guess what fucking happens at the end
yeah I think we're asking people less
stream where is like it's not just a
screamer isn't it and there was like no
no you can't trust you guys now they're
a bunch of dickheads
that's Mel establish that most of our
fans are assholes we know we kind of
encourage it so okay
has Jack considered creating a best-of
video from the twitch streams to
establish the origins of catchphrases
and already covered q and A's oh I have
not considered that make another shit
yeah that would be a lot of work to go
through and find all that stuff but not
a lot of work but a lot of time yeah and
you know all of us almost all the
streams are up on YouTube now and
they're all broken up into like a
half-hour hour chunks so you feel like
it you can watch them or whatever I'm
not doing that
or don't or gelling I tell you guys I
thought it would be a really funny joke
to play boys to mints on during my super
- oh let's hear one time okay I thought
it'd be really funny it was um if I ever
fall in love again
dad I do I do right yeah which by the
way is not boys tonight is it
it's a shy message yeah I remember even
the acapella version is shy not boys
damn it
Oh shy huh shot a leash a sh yeah anyway
I thought it'd be really funny and so
like I started off the street with that
song before I was talking is like yeah
it's funny it's boys new old army song
yeah with twitches new copyright
recognition program they recognize the
flag the amount of automatically music
which I was totally prepared for and
never get bothered the song is four
minutes they muted the first half it's
me right off I've sent them down to
emails I mean they do that is like a
penalty half an hour if you do something
but in their in their little thing that
says it's muted it says like we will
never mute your live content Oh like
they want us to do stuff like that live
huh but they muted a half hour so I've
sent them out to emails being like hey
review this yeah mute the four minutes I
heard I purposefully took a break after
that so I could edit that out for later
give me my stream yo huh yeah well I'm
just sorry to hear that that's my story
no I haven't even had a beer yet my hate
for the fans is all-natural uh-huh
totally not Jake this game is not boring
well he says this game is boring let's
play more FTL blow it out your ass
this game is so exciting guys I I don't
know if you could tell from our review
that came up today but we really enjoyed
this and this is a very exciting game
even though it's all turn-based tactical
a little stuff it's all very nail-biting
we really enjoyed joining enjoy I really
enjoyed
let's see that's the thing it wasn't
boys - man it's shag I thought it was
boys man and then I then I felt bad
because I thought it was Shay and I had
been attributing the song to boys men
all these years but then I found out oh
no Shay has the instrumental version or
the instrument version and yes she has
the instruments voice Mendoza a cappella
version okay but then no it's both
shades you know I knew for sure I was
having this conversation over this
weekend and a guy had che his iPod any a
listen to it why would he have that he's
black no he's a fan of sure he's a fan
of shy I don't think I've ever even
heard of shy dude if you've heard this
song ever today okay well I mean I guess
but I know
people that's right dr. Jo when we take
a break from the prereq live stream you
should I'll take a moment to run watch
the latest prereq 15 16 minutes 16
minutes I think it's our longest one yet
16 hours yeah only feels like 16 hours
yeah look at that hallway then I
realized fucking Dobson what do you
think you got all the proper information
across him
oh yeah but you know me I given those
nose like nose has to be tempted it's
got a guy move fast come fast yeah hey
didi but yeah now it's all fucking Wow
there's a couple of good jokes in there
I drink a big vat of Jim is funny a
comedy it's not funny make joke
my name is I was not actually Jim I was
but yeah you put that up there people
are gonna like all talk about Russia and
it's like I understand your hot-button
topic I greatly enjoyed your discussion
on the usefulness of Veda access thank
you
I apparently Rich's the same look a lot
of people hated it in the comments yeah
yeah it's terribly just ruined in the
game industry anything oh not not they
didn't hate the discussion they hate it
they hate early access yeah yeah which I
was in favor of yeah real quick
thank you pimple the bottoms for
subscribing if that pimple bottoms say
that a few more times old bottle fine
username go on rich
some people were hatin on ya likin early
acts yes yeah and here's the thing I
also hate on early access but in rien
when I was editing that section of rich
and I having a disagreement rich
convinced me
oh the usefulness and so I love in the
Edit I took out a lot of my argument
because I felt rich one Wow it doesn't
always work there's gonna be some scam
artists there's gonna be some games that
just don't come together and flat-out
fail but there's great games that would
never have gotten made otherwise that's
true and that's absolutely true and and
like if you think about all the crap
that gets pushed through triple-a game
design oh god yeah that same kind of
crap is going to exist on the indie
level and that was something that you
know we're very lucky with all of the
great games that we get for but you know
for every FTL for every risk of rain
there's gonna be garbage hmm
but the developers who use early access
and make a great game really do need
that money to take a risk
okay not everywhere risk works out and
rich made of an eloquent argument I'm
still not going to buy early access
because I you know I like to wait for
the whole thing but I am no longer going
to hate no more hate no see yeah I I
thought it was a very good discussion