Episode 067
Jack Finishes Shovel Knight (Part 1)
September 30, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TafClO1wOrE
___________________________________________

so now we're all audible now we're all
honorable welcome back everyone play
checkers I'm not gonna play checkers
unless I can find a way to play rich in
checkers oh you can go to pogo.com
I think they have a checkers I'm just
saying I'm just saying it's
theoretically possible sure I think that
finishing shovel mine is something that
I would like to cross off of my list all
right I think that sounds like the
smartest city so you're hearing the
clacking of me taking taking off my xbox
controller and plugging in my NES
controller I will turn off we will turn
off this beautiful music here quick game
all right what else have we got here
play solitaire I would love to play
solitaire sir gimpy but just not gonna
play something against each other maybe
in some other time yeah I think well we
can get that working one of these days
coordinate that ahead of time figure out
we want to play that would be the
important part yeah all right oh my god
what am i doing
shovel knight shovel knight here it is
oh I should have did the stream jack and
a half was Jack and wrench Shola that's
not a spell shovel I'm drunk I'm just
I'm still drunk from bowling yesterday
oh my god you were getting drunk oh yeah
that's that's why you're your third game
was awful you think Jack Jack went from
bowling like a 140
it's a bowline like a 70 it was
absolutely terrible and I mean I did a
little this morning but it was one of
those things my wife dropped me off I
knew I wasn't driving at home so it's
like well I guess I'm drinking tonight
have you forgotten to shout out to the
people subbing um Jack's paying
attention to the game and I'm I'm
guessing dumb I don't know I haven't
noticed if if there are new subs what
does it say it doesn't do stuff it'll
show up like you know how all the other
people have like coloured names yeah a
little text will show up that says you
know someone so subbed and then usually
usually uh well well a regular mod see
that or do you have to like be logged in
as the channel or what how does it work
I think everyone sees that actually
button okay but yeah you so you should
definitely see it I haven't noticed I
genuinely have not noticed yeah if we
have a new subscriber thank you we
appreciate it
yes shout-out to whoever subscribe you
may possibly be I don't know for sure if
you are a real person thank you and if
you're not I also thank all of our other
subscribers jack is hyped for new Smash
Brothers I don't think you can oh Jesus
hold on that might be loud ever I'm
gonna fix that noise right away I just
muted rich to everyone I can still hear
you rich but they I muted you for you
I muted you for them because the game is
gonna be way too loud and we're going to
fix that we're going to fix that I'm
fixing it right now
and is it
showing
okay all right there's the video for you
Jesus that's loud what all right
ha absolutely that's it okay hold on
oh you in rich rich was making jokes and
you guys didn't get to hear it
now you can hear it you'll never hear
those jokes huh
[Laughter]
captain molar thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate that have a pizza
off how's the audio everyone can you
hear me you can hear rich is the game
still too loud change them oh yeah oh
that's way too low okay now tell me as
of right now
in the year 20xx can you hear me can you
hear it
and hear the game and are all the levels
acceptable to your ears
keeping in mind I will probably only
listen to people with a pizza roll or
with a moderator sword next to the name
please name your shovel management
sounds good
Maura Maura yes sounds good okay
excellent here we go then start in the
game
yo yo great I love it
our knight's name is audio issue because
when we started this adventure we were
having audio issues oh oh that name okay
I was confused for a second yeah you see
the name yeah okay wait are my are all
my flims and flam's filled if we go to
triple loop on there oh my somebody with
the pizza rolls saying where's rich
is there an audio problem with me chat
is there an audio problem with me how do
you issue how fitting it's specifically
an audio problem because I know I have
many problems I mean you all should be
able to hear rich right I want to Jim
Jax Jim I'm sorry I'm married no rich we
can hear you yeah they can hear you I
like I like fidelity like what who's
that bad that's funny I'm getting
getting nose and yes is that whatever
it's fine I'm sure it's fine I'm hearing
I'm seeing yeses rich coming in loud and
clear thank you sir game pea we're gonna
forgive you okay
okay all right did I hide it update the
stream okay great
oh fuck you I can hear rich but still
waiting for jokes uh-huh nobody don't
get them all the jokes are gone you
missed it
rich had a very funny joke about you
know I did too it's lost forever lost
forever lost forever you're using the
gold armor which just is the flashy one
yeah all right all right you could use
something that's actually useful but nah
but that's you know what that's a valid
reason it's it's more fun because it
just literally tells you like this armor
is pointless so that's kind of
oh Jesus Christ very different game than
vvvvvv can your brain give used to it it
can know our family not all right have
like the little propeller thing that
I'll help me I have things that will
help me
tell her things the best yeah yeah that
oh fuck I forgot about that
official oh my god Oh Jack Jack rich I
died already
I know oh my god no the stream is pretty
pretty close to what I'm actually
playing really yeah that's weird
oh no no it's not it's actually really
far away from what I'm playing but it
just so happened that I died at the same
spot where I died
oh yeah okay that's really fun that's
really interesting so spoiler alert you
know I'm gonna die well we all will Jack
stop stop getting hit by that thing that
you've probably already gotten by it
fine if you know what you're doing I
never know what I'm doing so will will
you beat this tonight or will you give
up in frustration oh that's a good
question
I think I think I have time I think I
have time to beat this tonight rich have
you considered playing toejam and Earl
why would I
yeah you guys are you know maybe none I
say that and I haven't played it I
remember being fun
yes earthworm jim is very cool no no
need damn it damn it damn it
buddy I hear all this button mashing
going on my screen you're standing still
right now you'll see in a second free
fucking jacket rich what is your take on
these surgeons of zombie survival games
like dayz rust and such obviously
there's some market out there for it
Daisy looks like it would just be boring
to me I could see being into it I don't
know much about the other one this is
what I want to bring up I never hear
people talk about there's a 2d zombie
survival one called Project Zomboid
that's why I heard it first actually
kind of liked that one yeah yeah I'm
yeah I am kind of done with zombies in
general oh yes like I said that when I
saw the trailer for Dead Island 2 yeah
and it was just sick of it but Project
Zomboid looks promising sure it's hard
for me to care
any-anything zombie why it should be so
oversaturated yeah it's and it's like
Daisy Daisy could be fun if that's your
life you know like if if you're
dedicated to Zeta Daisy it could be
super fun but then you also have to be
dedicated to Daisy
but I I keep up I keep up with it with
the forever development that is Daisy
because I'm I will be interested when it
comes out but there's a second that's
another one that has been in development
for ever - it's been in development for
so long and when it actually does come
on I don't know if anyone notice it just
looks it just looks boring no you know
it's that's one of those where it takes
the survival element to the degree where
you know you really have to survive and
is it is it so focused on the survival
aspect and avoiding other players that
the zombies are a moot point like what's
what's the point of even having zombies
just have it be post apocalypse the game
and kind of kind of but but you know
this out it's this date I mean a son Boy
Project Zomboid I'm in 2d sprayers like
thousands of zombies on the screen wow
that was actually kind of neat Daisy
just looks boring
oh and see I kind of feel the opposite I
feel like Daisy the interesting part is
interacting with with other people oh I
can help you know the interesting part
will be the stories you tell you're
acting with other people walk up to you
and shoot you in the face
Yeah right and you don't like
interacting with other people I hate it
I absolutely hate it very clear as to
why you feel
the way new oh my god you're you're
commenting on how terrible I am yeah
yeah and I don't disagree with you I'm
not doing well it's it's it's a rough
transition going from BBV to this I'm
not I'm not gonna blame you know poor
craftsman blames on schools I'm not
gonna wait 20 Bears sorry we did playing
again 49ers okay is that is this an
important game well it's only the second
one okay they're a good team so I guess
it's important it's important that they
win and yeah sure okay you know what
I'll Road for the Bears because you know
I don't expect you to give a shit you
don't have to go that's that's fine
that's really good
you know usually for me it's just like
who do I root for who you know do I care
about
just don't want to I just don't want to
fall I fell last time right
and so I doing something really boring
and I'm taking my time don't forget you
don't forget your Pogo jump on those
those weasel guys oh my god I totally
did I think they're brats
that's fine whatever they are you can
bow go jump on them oh I'm sure that's
what you're supposed to do I'm a big
dumb dummy that's that's what you're
totally supposed to do
this is nuts are you talking about the
Griffin yeah it's nuts if you're right
next to him the fireballs won't hit me
you gotta watch out for the swipe right
but the fireballs will go over your head
if you're standing right next door I'm
just gonna I'm gonna throw anchors at it
this is my plan
and as you wish oh fuck a bomb just one
of those I didn't want to do that that
might blow your dick off okay fuck a
bomb it sounds like a horrible way to
castrate yourself I haven't even gotten
to a checkpoint yet
I suck at games people have been telling
me for so long that I suck at games and
I've refused to believe you until now oh
man
Stream is currently a slideshow for me
so is it a slideshow my terrible oh okay
oh my god I was trying to okay
apparently it's terrible for a lot of
people and everyone's getting lag okay
not just that happens sometimes this is
why we should really look forward to
Amazon oh yeah I am I'm a big dumb dummy
oh my god rich what happened I'm
terrible yes the game I can see that so
this level starts off with that look
that you have to Pogo on in order to
open up the things it's the game telling
you you need to Pogo on things like not
just not just the propeller things but
also the magma fish that jump up you get
Pogo on and so it's just I was not
listening to the game my fault entirely
I was not listening to the genius of the
game and I suck at everything and I'm
sorry for sucking at everything
shit
maybe throw an anchor at oh shit okay
it's alright
I really love the anchor anchor is one
of my favorite weapons yeah the air
sword all the way - sword whatever it's
called yeah yeah all right I guess I
guess shovel Knight has a sword after
all busy
the thing is the flying one the
propeller I suppose is a sword you can
you can stab enemies with it
okay I do look good enough for Scrooge
McDuck good enough for shovel knight ho
jump on to something
oh sure alright I got you
I want to get up there now I can't
everything is terrible like a bonus no
okay oh fuck yes a checkpoint you
finally got one thank God I got a
checkpoint thanks fucking christ
honestly ask your mother
refresh rate you when you get hit you
vanished completely
yeah instead of glowing oh fuck oh fuck
oh I'm dumb break it jack break it no I
don't think jack will be breaking any
checkpoints I don't think that's gonna
be happening
do I dare no he does not get on oh honey
what are you doing what I mean oh then
we are you talking to past me yeah I'm
talking the past
yes Jack what what did you do hahaha
[Laughter]
I keep forgetting oh my god this is good
this is gonna take all night
this is absolutely gonna take all night
I can tell by how well I'm doing so far
this is a 4 a 4 checkpoint stage you'll
you'll you'll get it I know I know I do
the next one is shouldn't be then okay I
think I think there's a tough section at
the beginning of the next one I was
doing some of the other stages just in
one try when I was super into it and
you'll see again a depth that I'm about
to have for you you'll you'll never get
the achievement for beating this game on
one lies Oh God well X having a bad time
well past you seems to be doing okay
yeah but you're not there yet you're not
to the most recent then back saw the
signs and I wasn't taking my time I
didn't hunker back slow and steady Jack
Oh slow and steady Christ I almost died
again wait how are you supposed to do
that
you know you near the spot you died
before I'm assuming right now yeah
there's that that that little ledge
underneath yeah I think you have to go
down and then back out yeah you'll see
it on my next steps I did that but then
when I came back up I died again because
I couldn't make it in time weird I'm
sure there's a way I'll figure it out
I'm sure I'll figure it out it feels a
little cheap that death felt a little
cheap okay I I don't remember
specifically however fine
that's okay I'll figure it out fYI
stream I I have beaten this one right
I forgot we were Street oh shoot the
shit with you right right what fucking
hell sure to like fucking help hustling
makes you feel better sometimes
oh yeah stuff yeah yeah when I ran into
the spikes you got crushed through where
I'm looking at no I ran into spikes
maybe not I think so yeah no I didn't
get crushed I ran into the spikes
I left eye's okay okay III can picture
that now I'll have to my cover too soon
and that's why I think that I think that
one I felt sounds a little cheap okay
yeah I'll figure it out I'll figure it
out
I'm sure or not or I'll die oh my either
way hopefully it's entertaining for
those logic whether I figure it out or I
died
[Music]
captain boy says I like fucking dude
well that's weird captain Muller still
some people are into that no you know
let's uh I don't judge I don't judge I
absolutely do judge supposed to do here
inch are you faster when you use the the
air - oh maybe air - yeah but you don't
need the air - you should probably
incredibly not I'm not sure I'm just I'm
just throwing something out I'm not sure
if that's right there or not I mean yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna do that that's
that's smart that's smart but you
shouldn't need that to do any uh plan
for me rich if you had the choice
between being the top ex-con player in
your field or getting mad cow disease
which would it be
mm-hmm that's a tough one right I'm
already the top ex-con player in my
field so I don't know what you're
talking about
right if your field is red letter media
you're definitely the top ex-con play
[Laughter]
but you know mad cow disease that's
pretty that's you kinda want that right
no you really don't it's it's incurable
in a horrible way to die oh is that the
one that's incurable pretty sure it is
yes so many of them
you get to die and go and say right know
by the way I couldn't - I couldn't -
you're gonna see that in a second
okay it got you killed again yeah I've
got me killed again in the exact same
fucking spot where the shot where the
show absolutely worth the shot yeah
things like that's one of the things is
you're you're technically able to beat
this game without any of the power-ups
and I'm gonna figure it out and feel
really dumb I'm sure art are you jumping
up under that ledge on its way back up
are you just running straight ahead oh
maybe that's my problem
maybe I'm just running straight ahead
okay yeah I'll try jumping up on it to
give me a little boost give me a little
boost to boost agustí boost the fruit
eat fruits - used saying words that
rhyme just make me feel better hey Jack
jump you fuck you have to jump jump okay
yeah platform rises up I've been I've
been heaven dine here for 20 minutes
people Jack would you rather have Ebola
or be forced to play destiny can
somebody please tell me what's so
special about destiny other than the
fact that it's an FPS that you can't use
a mouse on because consoles are just
stubborn and weird that way what is
special about that game I don't get it
I'm with you Oh what I know you did my
point of view I wasn't sure if you're
gonna make it here oh okay sure
I might be I made it
no you know I so just because it's from
the halo people which I didn't think was
especially mind-blowing in the first
place okay right okay yeah I and you
know I was just talking to someone about
this about halo in general and it's like
halo is fine it is a perfectly
acceptable game you know I don't
understand that I don't understand the
law Dacian end of the hate for halo it
was fine it's a fine game you know it's
a decent FPS has some neat enemies
it's like quake 2 with worst controls
and lamer enemies surestep is that it's
deal ok I'll give that that's fair but
but yeah so I don't under I both don't
understand the love and the hate for
Halo and I'm sure destiny is going to be
perfectly average yeah and people shit
on us for liking indie games Jack why I
don't know indie games you get something
new or you have the opportunity to get
something new yeah
that's new that's what you have to do if
you apparently don't want to play a
third person shooter yeah yeah
absolutely and it's like I I I'm sure
destiny is going to be okay
that's my glowing review of destiny I'm
sure it'll be okay that's why I have no
interest in playing it because I'm sure
it will be exactly okay and I like to be
either hugely disappointed or pleasantly
surprised by hands use your air - that
might help you get over to that other oh
sure sure
I'm not even still there no I've moved
on okay
I've used one of my can you reflect when
he keeps saying I keep giving advice
then I realized oh you're probably well
past that oh you use a potion yeah I did
lovely premise shit
[Laughter]
I I was I had to hell oh you know what I
just found the chicken I found the
chicken too late Ridge would have been
much better
sure damn it a dad and a dad I don't
know like des destiny is a game I almost
want to play because of because everyone
and their mother is talking about it
yeah we're just we got shit for
titanfall can you imagine destiny how is
Jesus you're right I'm hey don't know I
don't know if I want to deal with that
no I'm a hundred percent certain that it
will be the exact same situation
he's us going yeah it's fine little
boring but it's fine everything's fine
I don't understand how people can still
get excited over that game when somebody
liked it but don't understand Richard
Space Marines
it's Space Marines and you shoot at each
other like Space Marines but they had to
do something really interesting with
Space Marines did you know that they can
I play one of my old games with space
brains that you read at 7:20 another $70
they shoot at each other in 1080p I've
got a computer My Space Marines already
[Laughter]
blown past all this blowing past all
this don't care about any of that we
never had a game with Space Marines
there is actually a game called
Space Marines who say we're never in a
gaming space Caspar okay yeah so they're
just wrong yeah yeah
oh shit oh shit we've never had a game
with you no white male Space Marines
defeating aliens that's true yeah get
out of here
I feel bad like just blowing by everyone
there I'm not old
we've got a schedule it just makes more
sense also just think there's no reward
I guess no reward that I'm looking for
you feel like you're playing dark souls
run first of all yes yes that's exactly
what I feel I can play no that's how you
beat the game you just run past everyone
isn't that fun yes I have issues Dark
Souls oh here is the Black Knight stop
your meddling and turn back now this is
your last chance
check question rich Cubs White Sox or
Arizona Diamondbacks sure surely you've
seen me on some show we've done with
with my White Sox cap that that should
answer that question oh shit I bet you
wish you had that potion champ
um yes that potion would have been nice
it's pluck yeah yeah a little pot is it
is it much of a spoiler what's going on
have you figured it out by now cuz I
figured it out a while ago in this game
I you know what i knowing you that makes
perfect sense
I gotta go find my beloved right she's
dead I'm not saying anything okay I
don't use that might have been always
always be anchoring what please yeah I
hate it still hitting with my anchor
shit shit definitely gonna die yep died
okay didn't even come close to beating
the water hmm okay
but that's okay we're just gonna try
again that's fine
oh yeah actually I don't even know what
the want is okay I don't know what my
mission is
it's so weird to me that you completely
ignore all that stuff like you know what
part of it is the fact that I have I've
only been playing this in the stream and
it's been weeks you know like I play
this that's part of it I'm sure I do
get out of here messing up my world rich
sorry nice fine when she got the patter
down he's fine yeah you love that anchor
though you know why it kills it it works
I got I did better at that time oh
that's right I was I was also using the
the better armor that charges up your
attacks though I'm sure now the anchors
good I gotta get more I gotta get more
head jumping I'm pretty good at head
jumping in general there we go and I get
those combo jumps and I think actually
what my shovel is like the Cowboys jump
one where the more I can consecutively
jump on his head to more damage oh wow
everybody get out of here you damn cool
night
he's like the dark version of me rich
okay this game so wants to be Mega Man I
mean me a little bit a little bit I did
it by the way I beat him and Biddy did
you did you really you can't reach her
you may be right
she may already be lost by now surely
you see who I'm trying to save I do do
you know a way to bring her back I
haven't tried anything beyond words her
magic is so powerful I don't have the
courage go just don't hurt her or you'll
have to answer to me
wait what who's her The Enchantress is
really it's the twist jack oh yeah we're
there am spikes
how many spikes did you go get a potion
before you started this you probably
should have I mean I can always leave
and go get a potion okay okay
which I mean I probably want to do oh my
god yeah let's just do that there's some
tricky stuff in here but I remember this
particular stage thing pretty short okay
what I want to do is actually kind of
waste this potion so I can have to sure
to fill up everything potions and then
what I want to do is okay yes you're
right rich Phillipa potions that would
be wise
you're smart you're you're thinking
you're thinking about the game aid me
refills help and magic yes spit into my
cup giant fish aid me okay what do you
mean I can't carry anymore
let me see if the chats go nuts because
I spoiled shovel knight haha
Oh God just talking about your leeks and
nude photos well then we already know
about those they actually sent those
back to me
[Laughter]
they wouldn't allow they didn't want
anything to do with them
too sexy I can't figure out I was
supposed to do this exactly that time
the note actually said my eyes oh god my
eyes nice nice huh you don't know you
don't know and you know what that's fine
you don't have to know I'm gonna figure
this out
uh-oh sir give pious mad at me oh no
what'd you do I spoiled the shovel died
well mr. Canby I I apologize we were
going to spoil it in a couple minutes
anyway as we're playing
and because I didn't remember like what
was going on anyway it's not really a
spoiler because I didn't know what was
going on anyway rich what's the ending
of space cop
ah that's you guys think you're being
funny there is no ending yet we're still
working online Mike and Jay won't tell
me what the ending is and we filmed it
already do you mean that you filmed
multiple endings don't know I just I
just mean we fumble over just the one I
just one of the random scenes that you
filmed yeah I don't know which one
I haven't seen a full script they just
give me a few wines at a time I don't
know if I've ever seen a full script for
anything I've ever done with red letter
media putting that out there yeah yeah
actually I don't know if I've ever seen
us that's not everything's terrible
dying I'm losing well you're probably
passed them out so don't worry you doing
something but I find terribly odd what
was I doing it for a reason
no you're saying if something was on top
of some blocks it was kind of oh yeah
well you know can you can it's fine
let's yes if you can get on top of
blocks then you should write that's work
now you're just kind of standing under
lava yeah yeah I've nothing too bad oh
oh that's right the vomiting oh oh my
god dammit dammit dammit I forgot about
these things
another downfall of only playing the
game once every three weeks yeah I
forget
as a special at all the secrets like for
you like the rainbow vomiting statues
which are my favorite thing in the game
as they oh you're just getting there
right now yeah I just figured out what
they were the rainbow the rainbow
vomiting statues I believe if you hit
the guys with the platform they'll die
you are correct thank you oh okay you
what it what do you do even are you the
little samurais that come out of a
ceiling the ceiling goo samurais can
just go ahead and eat a dick I dislike
them
oh my god I just died - another one
fucking sake for fucking sake Ridge what
are we gonna do what are we gonna do
nothing except except death and defeat
and give up that sounds reasonable
you know I think that's the plan
