Episode 068
Jack Finishes Shovel Knight (Part 2)
October 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnAX7pmdiXs
___________________________________________

how about instead of that I hit it with
anger how about you how about you going
lower when the samurais start jumping
down at you they'll give you more time
to react and jump back onto platforms
and things I hit it with an anger okay
okay that was my plan and I think it
worked
shit shit okay oh hey hey
hey rich there's the thing there's a
thing there's a sparkly thing I'm gonna
go I'm gonna take a little break and go
fishing oh oh oh that time that perfect
hit by fire oh I know I know you you
rock that anchor Jack I do
oh shit that's so odd to me but it works
for you you know it's it's the it's the
weapon I understand the most I think I
get it I get it travel path so that's
what I'm Jew
but the chat is screaming my name and I
don't know why rich yeah yeah we need
your opinion Oh what do they need your
opinion on it really just just for
Chatam tanning Jade on those gambits I
don't give a fuck they could dig up
Telly Savalas to play them for all I
care
I don't know Kojak I'm going I don't
know why my brain went there but it did
my brain went until he Cevallos Kojak Oh
Kojak
oh yeah he would be a great gambit when
you said Kojak you know what I heard but
go Jack oh no no as if you were being
like
you know right this part is really
important jack well go Jack go yay how's
that that's I'm looking for yeah I want
to see the ending of this game again use
the - you - through all your eye you
know what not only am i pass it I did is
that confirmed by the way that Tatum
Channing is I don't know if I care for
him just in general
what's the next x-men movie they're even
scared of doing that's a better question
oh
they've done Days of Future past that's
one of the big stories yeah they already
kind of did the the Dark Phoenix bit
well listen we're just gonna all pretend
as if x-men last and did not does not
exist so they can redo that one no
Roberson in the face of the earth who
didn't absolutely hate last and then
again I'm not a big x-men fan to begin
with so compare I mean you have to admit
then like going from X to the last stand
was quite a drop in quality I gotta say
the right you're at the most awesome
part of this game right I'm really
excited about that I was gonna wait for
our x-men conversation to wrap up before
I know I know I just wanted to point
that out real quick yes I see all of the
all of the head nights that I've
defeated it in past are all sitting at a
table mm-hmm all right this game wants
to be mega men
oh shut the fuck up I don't want to
fight all these guys again wait I hit a
blast in the say my name say my name one
of the Knights said this is rich ha ha
ha ha just gonna keep jumping on your
head man
I believe the order is random um you
know what order they face you sure just
don't do too bad eventually they will
give you chicken okay I like chicken I
forget if it's every other one but
you'll get some chicken okay well I got
one down okay I'm just gonna jump on his
head
that's my only plan just to jump on his
head you weren't this easy where you had
like a second form yes I have to face
both of his forms to I don't remember
the answers yes we're too much of a boss
fight if you didn't right should the
x-men's be rebooted again well that's
the fate of all movies so it will be
eventually one way or the other it's
just gonna happen all right a man's
gonna be rebooted a third time's
Batman's going on his turf redo it
Superman's had a couple right right as
long as they can make money out of it
they will reboot it yes they will reboot
it they will do whatever the fuck they
think will make them the most money
there we go okay fucking some chicken
give me some chicken I need some chicken
I'm far in the past but hey I'm assuming
you beat this big robot guy I beat the
big robot guy huh I like him yeah all
the other night boss designs are really
nice
really nice I forgot which one one they
had some kind of contest to pick which
boss it was but you're gonna be able to
play as one of the knights oh yeah yeah
I know they finally got done with the I
don't think that was an extra content
backer of this game so I get all the
come on get him out of here you fuck I
hate how you're all way up here there we
go here we go
jump on I said jump on is it always be
shoving on heads
Chad is all about the the comic book
movies yeah yeah read should there be a
Wolverine vs Thor movie sure no not
ultimately good it was good it was it
was smart home yeah yeah one little grin
was sent in to take out smart Hall it
was nice okay this guy this guy I can
take I can take you
I say that oh shit oh shit I'm still not
sure you're gonna get through sight
light right oh okay are you glad you
have those potions
I'm very yeah
very happy about chicken being a thing
in general and video games
get out of here King Knight now is
Thor's hammer made out of metal if so
and magneto moving he can they dealt
with that in Ultimate Avengers really ok
ok yes it is that's an ultimate now
that's ultimate is all I don't know
about regular it's made out of some like
mythical of metal right like booth or so
I'm gonna fucking I mean it's a it might
be magic none non-magnetic sure sure
that could be a thing that could be a
real bang and uh Oh actually no it
wasn't all right there was a civil war
oh yeah yeah I don't saw that in Civil
War magneto broke into the Avengers
Tower and Iron Man was there
Captain America through his shield and
forward through his hammer and he laughs
rich what do you think about the space
cop reboot starring Andrew Garfield I
think I think it's gonna be awful yeah
you don't think that Andrew Garfield can
pull it off no I'm not sure what he can
pull off I haven't seen anything other
than spider-man other than mannequin and
I know he can't pull off spider-man
that's all I know
and here apparently I rank tank
monograms no he's wait he has a way
sexier boys than that this is my
personality that's right he doesn't try
to Psalm that nerd no oh no are you
still fighting the the jumping guy with
the explode ease jump yeah that's plague
man yeah okay I just been fine men oh
man do I lose next fight your name did I
play a fireman I mean obviously I did
why don't you get chicken it's like a
chicken I'm fine
Oh mole night that's right
okay I'm breasts have any of the chicken
things been bombs no not yet okay
not yet but I can only assume that all
now that you say it I can only maybe
it's only if you you've left one go too
long I don't know hey maybe I'm wrong I
kind of remember getting a a bombing a
couple of those but I'm gonna I'm gonna
get him I got him
I got this maybe nope nope not at all
not at all don't got it though
oh my god oh my god no no you're not
gonna give me fuckin come on there we go
fuckin hell that was a close one just
after I said I got it all of course oh
oh this is kind of mean no no give us a
hand shovel knight' you wouldn't leave
us to hang out here would you here
oh oh that helped them I didn't want to
help them you're a knight man oh do me
your honor bound I don't know I I helped
them I don't know if you can choose not
to I be fun I was trying to shovel the
chain they were chaining they were
hanging on I'm sorry I'm sorry
enchantress okay all right you talk
about people and you're saying some
bullshit I don't care about any of this
I know you don't
they're also we we don't enjoy games in
the same way they're not just don't get
me okay here we go
enchantress power of faith we're here
you got it jack you got it yeah okay
did you use any posters nobody curious
okay yeah you're you got you got it oh
Jesus Christ
rich Jack need to answer chat questions
and play less oh yeah closer your chat
questions or crap rich is in charge of
answering chat questions right now but
if I see something I like I will answer
it if you ask me about Rosie Perez is
underwear go fuck yourself
did someone really ask about that uh
yeah somebody's saying very rude things
about Jessica Alba oh really it's it's
it's all kinds of Anarchy in here okay
you know I've I've heard nothing but
nice things about just gal you leave her
alone that's not true I've heard nothing
about disco
I'm thinking why aren't you playing
Howard the Duck seemed it's all kind of
it's not so crap it's all crap Howard
the Duck yeah yeah come on you up your
game Chad who would win in a fight
magneto or the blob I'm I'm my guts is
magneto magnetic needle and good yeah
sure sure why not
who wants it more yeah also what does
the storyline dictate because you know
it's all bullshit
well sure the blob has some superpower
we've never heard of before or magneto
does if I recall the blob cannot be
moved
oh yeah no the blob isn't a movie
wanders he has the power to change his
density though if he was standing on
something mental I suppose Meg Netto
magneto I'll keep calling magnetic which
is wrong I know that could probably just
move the whole thing he's standing on no
really yeah so it would be a a
formidable battle either way but like
isn't magneto his boss like as far as
like the Brotherhood of mutants is
concerned I'm not my x-men knowledge is
extremely limited okay we're gonna do
some storage it's a beautiful night to
see enchantress isn't it
shield Knight come with me let us leave
this place it just got revealed it's
just got yep The Enchantress is she oh
but what so what part did The
Enchantress play in the rest of the game
I don't even remember her being a part
of the game
what was she doing she's in charge of
the evil Knights who are ravaging the
land oh okay
well they have rich you're saying you
don't like horror games how did you find
the shell bridge create a level of thief
3 I can't get through
thief three because every time I hit a
fucking loading zone
I just want to throw up because that
fucking game was designed for the Xbox
the III is one of the great
disappointments III can't you know as
much as I love the war and the world of
deep aspects of that game just mixed
sick sorry Jeff
no that was that was that was a valid
Pressure Vessel absolutely
that's what happens when you ask a
ballot question by the way what do you
read any alt comics like from vertigo IE
fables Invisibles sandman preacher i'm a
huge fan of preacher
yeah yeah preacher might be my favorite
comic book though I do think the the
last story arc Alamo is kind of a
letdown but everything before Alamo
I really like the Sandman mystery not
the Neil Gaiman salmon the other one I
do too
I do too because I really dig like
old-school radio Mars Oh so Sandman
mystery theatre is a series that I
really enjoy just that you know just
enough like mystical stuff to keep it
interesting but it's just a detective
story simply
I also really like just speaking of alt
comics in general like the powers a
series is a great series of comic books
I think which they're also making a
series of for PlayStation Network that
was that was a big III reveal is that
they're making a it powers TV show a
live-action powers TV show yeah you
enchantress I I have not played the new
thief what I've heard doesn't sound like
I really have much reason to ah it seems
like they've just flat-out discarded a
lot of the things about that world that
I liked I hate the new voice
tantras fuck my shit Jack can you give
us an example of a viral video you've
worked on for your day job um sure
actually one I've talked about before is
the hey pass me a beer series we made
that for old Milwaukee beer and that is
a it's what we call a branded viral and
they they asked us actually we came up
with the idea and pitched them the idea
and and made the video before they gave
us money for the first one because we
thought it was such a good idea
hold on a second I gotta I gotta take a
potion here so that was a very
successful that was a that was an
example of a successful one so I went to
battle
because there have been several not so
successful ones successful angstrom
thank you
oh fuck you enchantress not you rich and
changers what I do but yeah that was a
that was a successful viral campaign
both both paths maybe or one and pass me
a beer clearly have worked out really
well some some you can't see something I
just won't tell you because they did not
not so well but uh but yeah and some
some are only for you know corporate in
in-house use just a part of it but I
think they passed me a beer oh fuck I
died that's me everyone's work out as a
really good talking point just because
it was a way to incorporate the product
without taking over the video you know
so many times when we talk to companies
about doing a viral they they ask for
some really ridiculous things and some
things we can't give them and with old
Milwaukee and past they work with us
really they work with us and they let us
kind of do our own thing so
that's where the Hicks come from do you
think the oh sorry you're still going I
don't I'm sorry about your duck I'm done
you go rich what is it do you think the
preacher TV adaptation is a bad idea or
a terrible idea
ah I think you know it's a fine night
for one the original comic books will
still be there a TV adaptation no matter
how bad it is won't change the fact that
the palettes are going and you know
there's a chance it'll be great chance
there's always a chance
so yeah fine fine with them with the TV
adaptation provided it's r-rated like
the comics that's what I asked
it should be an HBO Showtime thing yes
if they do and that's a number of people
were going to do it HP HBO was going to
do it at some point and I heard who does
Walking Dead
Oh an AMC heard and see who's gonna do
it I don't know who's gonna do it now
but what I'm try it might be good and if
it's bad you still have the originals
don't worry about
oh I made a gutsy call and I found three
it's okay your busts say that I made a
gutsy call and I failed I was gonna try
to Pogo off her head I got trapped in a
corner okay I said okay you'll get it
you'll get it you're almost there
you've only got five different forms of
her to go oh my gosh shut up I will not
accept that
oh you're fucked now huh what I'm saying
you're really oh yeah that might have
been what you're telling me about before
time right yeah that's what I think I
just saw your like that reflecting her
magic yeah I'm learning I'm learning
fuck fuck I feel like I'm doing better I
feel like I'm getting there
we did what we just talking about as far
as like creating viral video one of the
first things that I made viral video
live was a series called be high five
montages and we got paid by Pizza Hut to
do one and something I'm still very
proud of is that we convinced Pizza Hut
to do a montage with no high fives in it
even though they wanted a high five
montage for Kunta and we convinced them
to do a montage with no high fives
just because why not the bite and chew
montage and that did very well on on
Xbox Live actually early Xbox Live feeds
on Fox in halftime
just add some like original video
content on Xbox Live oh fuck
I wasn't fantastic that was a bad engine
okay they want you know they want yep we
do in the same line of high-five
montages a a charity called one goal and
paid us to take the high five montage to
Africa which was awesome so we got to go
to South Africa and film for the World
Cup and I don't know anything about
sports didn't care about that but we
just got to hang out in South Africa and
and do high-fives it was dumb but it was
great it was a super fun time the video
didn't do terribly well
mostly oh right I'm supposed to I forgot
I forgot already because the World Cup
Jack well mostly because we had issues
getting out the getting out the video in
His Highness you know something very
important when when tying your video to
something is making sure that it's
timely and so we were we were tying it
to the World Cup but we it took us a
while to get approval headed wise and so
by the time mode you know we went
through our contact and they went
through their company contact and and
their company contact approved it's
regal and all the steps that it took to
get the actual final and it approved the
World Cup we're still going on but
America wasn't in it anymore
and so
it just didn't do as well as they but
you know raise some awareness got to
meet you Kyra
she's a very short fuck oh fuck I was
doing so well they're rich I know I know
I'm doing so well I've got to meet with
Shakira she's a very short lady in fact
incredibly short is a word I'm you
describe Shakira borderline ridiculously
sure
I'm hitting that I can deflect magic
back at her
close that son yeah yeah I got really
close and I had a lot of help and I fell
off fucking much I'm finding it hard to
like get out of Pogo mode which is no
excuse but you know like ipogo and I do
destroy my own platforms yeah just not
good in this fight right swing swing
before you hit the ground
yeah yeah I know I just I can't like I
know how to do
are you doing bitch
Jack is dying so much he's going to have
to start giving it gold to continue
playing giving it hold what why you lose
gold every time Jack here's a tip hit
the boss until it dies oh you're totally
right I'm so sorry yeah
you tell me right I got come here
ah okay I'm sure there's a second form
yeah is there a second form quite
possibly I hope there's not a second
form because I have one hit left I think
they're nice enough to let you start
there
oh wait oh I have to catch her
no oh my gosh oh you got you almost got
no ground man huh I got her
come okay okay little a little way
here's that maybe you have what's
happening Oh No when the amulet
shattered the magic within it was
released it's already gathering it will
escape and wreak havoc on everything
unless we stop it unless we stop it we
can destroy it for good right now but
we're both weak from the battle I've
never been more ready come on shovel
knight let's fight together like old
times
Jack she's a she's a girl not an old
lady I picture them as like as sees as
like grandparents yeah like seasoned
fighters you know okay this is their
last fight now stay close to me until
the sequel right I I have heard rumors
that they might do a super shovel knight
in the style of a Super Nintendo game I
don't know how true that is
I'll tell you when when I catch up this
is the greatest oh my god
okay shield might block things okay
bounce bounce nope you would hope that
somebody called shield Knight would
block things I get it oh my come on
that's the one thing you expect it's so
beautiful rich so beautiful we work as a
team
she's the shield I'm the shovel that's
great it's so great I'm not doing my
part as the shovel I'll be honest with
you she's good she's much better than
you are
shield nice yes because you know we use
it a fucking shovel because I keep
getting hit by god
I'm so sorry Sheila I love my one true
love I'm ruining everything
nope I'm ruining it I'm ruining
everything
why can I not why am i ruining
everything right because recently his
reasons I'm no I'm just no good shovel
knight shovel knight is doing her job as
being my mobile platform have you
considered the powerup that lets you
turn intangible I spent a lot during
these fights I don't have that one oh
you don't have it No
why not huh why not your God man because
I got the I got the one that refills all
your health in life no no I mean there's
a lot like a magic item oh sure I hit
her with my anchors no man I suppose
it's something you can miss but no I
have it
why does Jack ruin everything I I do not
know what we have scientists are trying
to figure it out Zak's actually he
recently started participating in a
study a scientific study to try and
figure it out yeah so that future
generations might experiment from how
bad I fucked things up how bad you fuck
things up I mean your sentence may pop
things up yeah yeah what the same
abnormality absolutely no I have no I
have no proper excuse for how badly have
fucked things up also I feel like I
should be able to hit this sorceress
more and I'm not I mean I'm getting one
swing for every one of her like her
Valene Jim Jets you know yeah here we go
here we go
I'm bouncing okay I got a couple good
days come on No Oh what what what you'll
see that in a second
she broke the wall she broke the floor
and I tried to bounce on her head and I
fell in I've been bouncing on her head
reasons right maybe maybe your aim was
off and look it looked like you're a
little bit to the left
it looked like you were centered on the
horn
so it's possible I can instantly yes
that's true that's true I like that
Jack use your face locket I'm using it
already setting champers magic that's
that's what's probably oh you bitch
double dose me you can't show up like
I'm not doing a good job shoveling them
gotcha gotcha nice okay oh my lady my
lady ship beckons
intangible shit
seems like you're doing good seems like
you're doing good I'm still doing so
stop it I I was hitting the wrong button
and I went intangible like three times
in a row
oh so that didn't help anything it's
fine it's fine
is it oh my god what happened
what I don't know I don't know I don't
know what happened oh my god this is a
comedy of errors no my screen went blank
for a second and I don't know why Jack
and rich you have the most number of
people watching shovel knight on touch
that's great great oh my god fuck fuck
fuck I just died I came really close I
came really close rich okay okay did you
fall dire need I died I died died okay
but I blame my overuse of the phase
locking ah just a suggestion you don't
have to you know I should be using it
I'm using the wrong parts I think okay
okay you should have used potion you
should have used the potion oh yo oh
yeah you don't have one begin okay okay
oh that sucks yeah
actions stop jumping into things that
hurt him
yes well hung enough for a while Jack I
thought you're gonna beat this game
tonight I'm gonna do it
wait is there is there another form I
honestly I don't remember I don't think
so if there's another form on kind of
thing I don't think so I'm trying to
remember and I can't quite remember come
here my shovel the beauty chili booth oh
shit chill the beauty that's oh yes that
is what I meant to say damn it Jack get
it right
nope
I'm over here oh fuck I do i jus might
what is she doing she's she's running to
the other side before jumping up also
she is doing a shit job protecting me
cussing no offense to the love of my
life and the shield to my shovel but I
do not feel very productive to stand on
oh they're coming back up yeah that's
that's good
except they died yeah oh yeah you're
just getting to be dying now yes okay
trying again Finch Jack put in the hot
young rookie they might not know that
I'm I'm miles away oh it's true riches
here is somebody is somebody saying to
follow shield light around oh just
reading the chat I'm just reading the
chat
it's all the girl's fault check it's all
the girl's fault to blame to blame
she'll night and it's me it's me too we
are maybe why am I sitting at 7:40 a.m.
Denmark watching Jack fail and shovel
knight
maybe it's time to re-examine your life
only one todo that's alright that's
alright so got help come on she'll be
let's go put put the sniper on the roof
yes I need to hunker down in a heavy
heavy flank with the rocket launcher
you're absolutely right thank you
here's know I believe in you jack thank
you
okay okay I'm close close Blindy says as
a chat we should be more supportive yes
it's over shopping life this place is
falling apart we have to get out of here
who did take him and get outside no I
can't leave you behind how will you
escape that you shark can't hold it much
longer
fine you can't split what oh yeah oh no
oh that's sad rich I know I know
shovel knights fucking useless he can't
even say it was true love what a jerk
also we just went on the entire mission
to save her and and after we traveled
all that way to save her if she was like
yeah I'm good yeah are you cheering up
now jack oh you know I'm feeling a
little pissed off feeling a little like
all the hard work I did to save my lady
she didn't give no fuck about you know I
just saved her you saved her from evil
sure okay I see ball but she's still
dead let the celebration begin
I would have liked to have gotten a girl
at the end you know that would have that
would have made me feel happy I'm sorry
yeah you should be I'm the one who
wanted you to play this game oh wait no
I'm glad I'm glad I finally finish it
one of those ones that it's like I've
been meaning to finish forever I like
these little scenes they have though
this little aftermath scenes yep yeah
did he call that a wrap-up
epilogue epilogue that's what you call
it Oh advanced potion class they're
taking all the gold back from mole night
yeah yeah that's fun no it's fun
everything everything about this game is
fun samurais what would you read it
what would I rate it yeah good rated
good let's that's that's an acceptable
rating
I will accept good and the question of
is it good the answer is yes very if
you're expecting of action an eight-bit
action platformer you will get exactly
what you expect and it will it will be
good you know I don't know I don't know
what people's expectations are going
into this but I got exactly what I was
hoping for and more because it's better
then I was a it's better than it could
have been if that makes any sense
that I even do these levels you must
have I guess I guess I did
oh yeah him polar night how good my
memory is it's okay oh oh wait here we
go
last dream right I can't see where
you're at
tell me right yeah yeah okay a dark
night has placed me back with my fire
black night is is what his name is
Oh everyone in the chat is now giving
their scores right it's words just like
yeah and you give it numbers or whatever
that it's all it's all bullshit because
it's just like we you know would you
recommend the game that's what's most
important his life is it good did you
have fun while you played it and yes
yes I did I recommend this game to
everyone on the caveat that you like
these sorts of games cuz you know if
someone says I don't like action
platformers with a pixel art style then
I will not recommend it
don't believe there's something after
the credits oh okay
well then we should hang out for that
yeah is it worth your time
right sir Blindy that's a good question
is this game worth your time
absolutely absolutely not only for the
gameplay but you know there's a bit of a
nostalgia thing playing games like this
growing up are our generations are
probably more prone to liking this game
absolutely absolutely and I don't think
that's a bad thing because they did it
so well if it was nothing but nostalgia
then they have a problem but because
they did it so well because it's his own
thing it's fine oh yes this game is
absolutely worth your time I don't know
if I'm gonna replay it like you know go
for any of the achievements or whatever
right but I could see myself replaying
it if I thought I could do it I wouldn't
mind trying to get through all one life
but oh my good boy oh my god I'm one
night I don't know that seems difficult
on this one oh yes you guys are totally
right they should do an agent of shield
crossover where agent coulson fine to
shovel my shovel
how was agents of shield I really did
not like it yep and I am a Marvel fan
boy tried and true and I'm super dig
like the x-men and I guess that enough
shields necessarily from I'm a Marvel
fan boy hundred 100% Marvel fanboy and
and I found it dull but before I get
shed I am I am company neutral your
company neutral yeah okay Marvel or DC
okay
no I enjoy Marvel a lot and I enjoy that
actor who plays Agent Coulson and I
enjoy Agent Coulson had a character and
I still was bored to tears I I didn't
make it past like the fourth episode it
was so generic that it hurt well nobody
cares about generic shield agents right
there but that could have been some of
the fun you know like then having to
clean up some of the aftermath them
having to just deal with day-to-day shit
but they tried to make their part so
much bigger it's just I mean Marvel's
got so many characters and you're gonna
make a TV show based off nobody's right
random guys well you know it's tough you
got the you got the street level people
they have another show that they're
gonna make rights with do Iron Fist do
my own fist TV show that's you don't
need super special effects for Iron Fist
a language come here guys stick around
for the credits I didn't spoil that shit
oh thank you for not spoiling that's so
great that's the ending you want right
there yeah it's the Deadly Prey Syndrome
you wanna go away feeling happy
that's crazy it does that makes me feel
that makes it worth it right there
defeated the evil of the land got your
lady back I don't want to press a button
cuz I don't know if anything's gonna
happen
yeah they're snuggling an armor ah great
shell okay good on you Yacht Club games
way to make a game okay alright alright
well that was a great stream that went a
little longer than expected yeah yeah I
honestly thought the rest of
shovelknight would go quicker than me
well no no that's just me being tere I
was also really bad yeah um but I think
I also think Skype worked out really
well yeah so I think as long as we are
able to we'll keep doing this if as long
as rich is free on Sunday nights and and
yeah thanks to everyone for coming out
well denied everybody goodnight no no
checkers tonight I'm sorry good night
everybody
I am the only one who may play checkers
as observed for me only orig yes good
night bye bye
