Episode 076
Octodad: Dadliest Catch (Part 3)
October 10, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRnrOVOOzR8
___________________________________________

and now this is where they thought they
needed variety so the controls are
completely different and largely this is
on the rails you just have to figure out
the timing of swimming oh shit yeah oh
shit all right I got this so you know
you need to get big yeah big swimming
strokes
[Music]
this isn't nco now this is podracing
change that just ruined my guide that is
a quote from Citizen Kane pick race pods
you know I don't remember first part of
the movie when I was a little kid Oh
Rose buck was his pod racer was this pod
racer yeah I remember now that's all he
wanted a lot okay okay Bree Bree Bree
Bree I sure over to press the button
again right away that's the hardest part
I just kind of want to watch him swim
for a little bit
this is the most intense music I've ever
heard well bacon octopus this is that's
a real thing I can say oh my god there's
an angler oh my god that's a giant
fucking angler fish is what that is
can I just enjoy this now let's just
largely on the rails so no there's no
there's no free roam swimming
unfortunately I wouldn't just let go I
just like that swam yeah I know I know
they kind of need they don't that would
be like a video game though so we don't
want to do that
Jack this is a gimmick and I know this
whole thing is a gimmick you should
crush I know you re sure okay about that
varied witty witty you come back I'm
pretty clever oh my god the Sharks back
fuck
people keep cooking there's always a
bigger fish it's kind of appropriate for
this scenario
oh these people are trying
[Music]
I'm sure that shark is gone for good
Richards that portion where I'm sure
we're never gonna see him again
I don't know maybe it is but no oh okay
oh they go kids
Oh have you seen your father it's almost
closing - it's almost closed it's
closing time I'm in a weird another
mystery who's that one last call for
alcohol yes order your whiskey or beer
channel tell us a Third Eye Blind
we met doesn't sound right I've seen
these possible - right but it doesn't
sound he's gone mad haha man am i Sonic
that's that is sonic which I would have
never guessed because I don't recognize
that name they had the one song that was
their song you might have guessed that
in a billion years semi Sonic I don't
think I know never I know I meant
billions of years wish something at some
point I just start saying random words
oh sure okay yeah
in that case maybe Oh get off me
pot ooh better now where that custom
at a costume no huh I want it he grabbed
it
okay it's not gonna let you wear it okay
get to the cafeteria okay things made
complicated Jack's going this whole way
you know that's that's a great way of
hurting you around
just letting you grab the door you know
what there's no one here right now
okay come on shit oh fuck this place
fucking locked me up fucking ass okay
I'm gonna just take a little second here
and destroy everything I can get out
here yeah yeah who did the mess the
octopus did it oh good scene they may
have reconsidered this I kind of
remember the Bing people around did you
just say Rican jigger yes I still break
a jigger you can fucking deal with that
fact beacon jiggered I want to grab this
shelf what caused the biggest mess that
I can Jack hates Roos okay yeah get out
of your room okay Jack Jack why so I'll
get the rabbit because you've never seen
the room true fucks up a room in that
movie uh I don't give a shit about the
room was the room that he fucks up I
don't know what is the room oh I don't
know we'll never know oh you never know
what the room is no oh I mean there's
the most of the movie takes place in his
apartment but there's multiple rooms
so which one is the room we may never
know oh my god you guys I'm gonna guess
it's his bedroom because the whole
movies about like infidelity and people
sleeping with each other okay so I'm
gonna eat ass back up there oh man if
that's the room yeah yeah that's the
room then he does fuck up the room
although Lisa and mark they have sex on
the stairs they don't have sex in that
room so I don't know I have sex both of
the places
no the only do they I thought it was
just a Mystere you guys boiler I think
they do like maybe I'm wrong no no the
babies just implied I guess that's a
long I could interrupt it yeah they only
have that one sex scene though yeah okay
okay okay well ideally yes you do want
to get out of there well yeah I'm
looking for the key I think I've spent
too much time messing up tomorrow okay
it's fine icky icky maybe by the counter
yeah oh wait I see it that's it that's
an anglerfish fuck you
angler fish you look like a key oh my
god find a key where the fuck is a key
or where would a key be you looked
everywhere back here oh I tried to come
on fucking octopus I tried to smash this
open there's a fly in this room they're
driving me nuts
- he should be in here that's what I
would assume but it doesn't look like
I'm doing it wait I think I see a nicer
fish no where near the anglerfish it's a
say it's a glowing thing that doesn't
look like an angler fish move that table
get out of here take oh fuck is a key -
I know it maybe maybe you threw it there
at some point that could be get out of
here you fucking table oh my god I got
this happy no have you ever played the
rule game is is there a room oh yeah
there's a room game it's done in the
style of like an old older video game
okay okay you've never seen that I don't
think I have oh yeah oh I see
the excuse me alright sure I that just
that just can't there's nothing I can do
- welled up from within me okay they can
garbage the game area oh now these
people still see me they either change
things or this is entirely different
from the way I remember this find
biologists accessories maybe I just
found my own solution the first time I
seem to remember sneaking by them by
putting one of the dumpsters on top of
me
uh oh oh didn't go where that I I
remember that's what I did maybe they
just we considered I'm gonna say Rica
jiggered and maybe they just
reconsidered the game and this is a new
solution to this I don't think I can get
this on top of it okay well they might
have changed the game around could I get
in here I wonder I don't know I think
you need to find glasses and pants your
glasses and pants I am that doesn't make
any sense on my face on my face on my
face on my face
on my face okay okay okay
up and around
I just needed that space the most weird
way possible I just needed that space
range oh fuck you
I see what I have to do don't like it
yeah okay okay okay wait now you're
trying to get up there that way you can
fuck you completely forgot about the
letter well I figured this might be
easier cuz I had difficulties at the
ladder oh fuck I gotta go up the ladder
now fucking fuck it's like it's like
this leg is like slowly slowly slow and
steady wins the race Europe race
I suppose that's technically yes I am
you know I'm just thinking back then
when we first started playing this game
recovering what it was yeah we're an
innocent fun time that was yeah okay is
devolved into hatred hey yeah I don't
have to sneak into the ladies room
what is this I don't know what I want to
see what this is bubble things out of
way it's supposed to wear that like hair
oh I get it okay
what's worse dance of birth or American
flesh laters American flatulence
eventually the bikes bar dance of birth
was great there's at least
yeah there's at least interesting
elements the dance of birth American
flagellation clogging the toilet one day
incidentally I don't remember if it's
one of these toilets or in one of the
past levels but there is a toilet you
can flush yourself down in this game oh
my god
which toilet is clogged ask me down clog
a toilet did they yeah I mean I don't
think I have to but yeah as long as I'm
here I wanna be oh my god oh no the game
well yeah I want to be helpful this toy
looks like it might be clogged you have
to unclog toilets now well I want to be
helpful
how are you just doing this to fuck
around like you don't have to know
there's a tight there's this bro there's
a time there it's a pipe
yeah I don't think I had to do that no
they did ask me to okay like they asked
me to unclog a toilet that's probably
just for the tie I got that telev a
burnout shit I love your disapproving oh
gods whatever Jax plating rich yes I
know you are
oh he's American Fletch leaders the
worst thing we watched on the wheel on
the wheel cuz that you gotta judge it
differently than you Joe
I can't figure half the shit we watched
possibly I think it might be the donut
video was short yeah that'd be it was
great because it was like six minutes
long yeah American flight cheerleaders
might be the most miserable I've been
watching something on the wheel are you
sure well some forgetting something it
looked terrible yeah oh yeah you only
saw some clips from the clips I saw only
in the episode but yeah we don't we sent
three you know an hour's worth of that
now any longer it felt longer
I will tree stand safety someone
mentioned was I don't think that was as
bad flood Slater's was worse yeah I
think so
stop both both miserable both miserable
hey guys I'm gonna wear a banana you do
something can you stick the toaster in
the microwave just to be sure you
punched it can wait and that funny is so
that's what you did you stick the
toaster in there like I don't rubber I
don't remember
I burned a banana I just want to see if
you can I mean it because I don't I
don't remember yes the airplane video is
better than American leaders everything
is better than American flatulate errs
the worst so far leave I guess I should
be in the break room jack okay they're
gonna come in oh they're right behind
there yeah I get it okay how did I need
to sound the alarm
destruction dah of course dah dah I can
make out of a fucking octopus get in
there get in the fucking fuck oh oh well
oh-oh-oh fucking fuck fuck everything
about this game can you can you slide
under it I know you can go low - that's
right that's right nope nope
hence duping are you trapped under there
you go oh this is this is fuck time to
head home oh I get it yeah yeah like
always I get it he cried oh can you move
the
yeah I can okay reach from behind there
to get the costume if possible if
they've changed this level wrong from my
summer cloud okay so I actually don't
know the solution okay okay okay okay
okay okay up up the stairs fucking it
well sharks at the head is on backwards
Calif I'm wet
what are you doing do I have to come
down there and show you how it's done
Jesus take the second gets to
frustrating doesn't it it's it is
mentally here yeah it is mentally
exhausting keeping track of how to move
your arms and legs oh yeah I mean it's a
great game it's if it was those first
two levels that was a first three
already the the church scene at the
wedding with the wedding the the the
yeah the beam at home and then going to
the grocery store and then maybe like
one wrap-up level I'm like that's all I
need to get out of this yeah cuz I get
the gimmick yeah yeah you probably would
have liked the original demo then ouch
all that yeah yeah it's the the your
game on the count of three section
seemed unbearable yeah that was the word
that looks worse than what you're on
right now
yeah absolutely that part was
frustrating oh I don't know what does
everyone think of chess to the sequel it
happened again
[Laughter]
it's feeding frenzy available for free
online or do I gotta get the DVD it is
on EVD or you can download it it's a
digital download it's not for free
online no but it is a digital download
yes but then you don't get any of the
bonus features
right right right just then we'll be
waiting the bonus features on the
feeding frenzy DVD oh the feeding frenzy
DVDs how these are attractive it's got a
behind-the-scenes thirty minutes or so
documentary you know makes deleted
material nice Freddy Williams from DC
Comics explained wait check there there
really is such a thing as chest to chest
checkers to this time it's personal
that's funny
that is funny well Oh Murdock what's
your question that's odd Joe I don't
know what your question is Ches - is for
real and it's ancien that's really funny
it's probably silly it's probably a Joe
gage sure they said it's like $25 oh
let's do chest - electric Boogaloo chest
was a major release they really didn't
want to rush the sequel right yeah they
had to do it right
they've been thinking about the seagull
for a while I know they announced it a
long time ago break you stupid pane of
glass you turned it for a basketball and
yeah - break a glass you can't you can't
break glass with a basketball physics
puzzle fuck you Oh Jack the question was
do you guys actually destroy the VHS
tapes you hate or are they decoys now we
actually just store them oh yeah
actually destroy them more cathartic I
wanted to start new boys we leave
auctions of the destroyed tapes off
might occasion there's evidence floating
around out there like you I want to say
on on a recent one you guys all thought
that her killing American style was bad
bad right but you didn't want to destroy
currently I can just go right into it
yeah oh I think like if if we don't want
the tape destroyed we say you so on the
show yeah but we would never say we're
gonna destroy this and then cut to us
destroying a deal right not do that we
destroy the actual thing we have yes
keep in mind we have to make a digital
version for the episodes oh yeah yeah we
always have a backup copy
spoiler I guess I don't know if that's
breaking it but that's where you get the
footage when is the next eBay auction
I don't know what's the answer
Oh probably I'm just space cop some time
we really talked about it much
Queen Amidala did have a decoy you're
right
her decoy was Keira Knightley is that
true yeah all right
there you go and that's I made that joke
in the fan of Minister booth when I was
supposed to describe Queen Amidala that
she looks a lot like Keira Knightley and
that was the joke because Keira
Knightley played her double-o and
haven't there's tons of comments that
were like actually it's funny that you
say that because Keira Knightley played
it it's like no this this is the end of
the game
oh yeah yeah at the end again oh no is
he telling you is he telling your family
that you're not he was an octopus does
it make any sense
oh wait is he gonna explain yeah yeah I
would even walk on that we're gonna go
quiet here as we just watch the other
game well there's still a boss
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you have them because mesmerized
bewitched okay oh no explosion
I don't confirm for Jace's girl you
fucked an octopus yeah I think that was
the that explained so much Joe except
for the banana peels I love you or worse
I love that there's banana peels in this
game of course it's random yeah I guess
I used to be like perfect timing this is
the biggest twist since episode three
Palpatine is the Emperor we do you guys
accept a DVD copy of a tape for we love
the worst or do you want original tapes
only that's a good question
if someone burnt a DVD yeah I think we
would want the original because that's
part of the appeal I've seen the case
yeah which I don't know if we've had a
DVD on the wheel I think we have unless
the movie is fucking awesome well there
talk about the wheel that uh oh yeah not
just a movie there talk about the wheel
has there ever been in the video
I don't know if they're hands I know we
have a couple that are definitely
definitely eligible for it so yeah I
think we would want the original if I
mean cuz it's just a perfect copy would
like a scribble on it like we can't do
any Clayton yeah nothing to you know it
part of it is you see that cover and
that you say that's what I wanted to
land up yeah so I'm just a burnt copy
no no so here's what you need to do you
need to find a VHS recorder get take
your burnt copy put it on your computer
and then copy it to a different VHS tape
and then remake the art it'll be out
print out the case print out a case and
art of the VHS tape and send that to us
yes
oh shit DVDs are for suckers it's true
that's not gonna go anywhere if you guys
have a video disc player or what's a
video disc oh it's another format yeah
yeah it was
how did video disc work I want to say I
think it was right around the same time
as laziness listen if you send us a
video disc we will look into how to get
a video display yeah because we do have
theta you know we have a couple beta
tapes oh yeah yeah well whose video do
you have a couple beta tapes and I know
Josh has a laser
[Music]
yeah absolutely you even though it's
almost over
you missed some of the most adorable
game okay that was back well couldn't
like the stairs that was mowed in my
when I've got disillusioned towards the
game I think this is adorable and fun
and then I got so frustrated or stuff
this curious real quick oh there is what
are you supposed to do here plug up the
fish tanks so in the beginning
[Music]
doing horrible things yeah okay the
prelude is he's at it's his wedding day
and so he has to lie flat on the church
to find like his tie and his tux and
everything and he's knocking everything
over and then it goes to domestic life
he's in his house and he has to get like
milk for his kids yeah the idea is that
everybody thinks he's a person nobody
knows he's in us to us yeah even though
he's dude that's the chair boy yeah
that's the joke he's flailing around and
knocking things over and people don't
get it absolutely and this is this I
think this is the end end Oh
are you doing it if you would like to
put you up Jesse needs to play co-op
work you need to play to understand the
mystery of Octodad people who are
assigned randomly to control that you
probably have to work together and the
controls for the limbs are incredibly
frustrating yeah if you win the games
okay Oh
wait yeah and she's gonna accept him
he's like so she knows now look that's
the dramatic ending you know what this
was kind of no no only because like now
everyone is supposed to come to church
okay home his kids are active that's
what he's asking right now no did they
explain that they just what she just
accepted from the beginning for who he
is
what she thought he was a dude
I wonder your oh you could flip around
or anything ending with the Chris I
thought he was a dude was very talented
in that yes I mean they might have heard
you sure it's a sensitive microphone
here with the credits of the game or
trash yeah if I were her I would
probably know
I can't say that you know I mean I may
be tricked a little bit sure beginning
absolutely come on Uncle Mike why is he
turning invisible qualities so you can
see there's apparently a way to turn
that off yeah no I guess it could get
confusing and where his limbs are ya
know the throughout the game oh my god
can you get only holds like 20 people's
one of the smaller house the share yeah
that's like one of the one of the side
theaters at the Oriental oh yeah except
for fuck those guys those were head up
really yeah like do they take away no
they didn't because that mean theater
has like the yeah how can he the site
balconies and stuff
there's also redness kind of see
original theater they might have and at
the site leaders but they didn't take
anything away from there to being a
neverending story
oh the the statue thing the glowing eye
is the head glowing eyes the big boob
statues yeah but later yeah absolutely
[Music]
in calculate dr. Mario spent like like
six weeks of Dreams likely he never play
doctor mind we keep telling you know I
know you you ask us every week when we
can play doctor Mario with you and every
we could tell you know I wish you would
get them
[Music]
can i what do we need for dr. mario and
does them is that what that was a
regular regular Tendo or it's on that we
you you can you can buy an emulated
tonight or we can emulate it to know
your gut so much and we're doing other
things that we're playing these you
would have to download it
yeah okay what's some other some of I
mean no mate how about how about maybe
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah
it's inherited because it does here mate
legs and r2 are down the pant leg water
down each sleeve and then to wear the
mustache oh yeah this doesn't look like
a mustache there it's actually is
tending why doesn't he have two in each
arm America there's two down each leg I
have a mustache yeah two to four life to
the other leg so that's perfect last
only one for each other yeah how's that
for a true free turn but then they
wanted to get my comical little mustache
so I kept disguise themselves yeah yeah
it makes them blend in more like a
toupee honours keep falling off I think
the first thing that happens that's pay
just falls off oh no I mean you're here
you should play well that's the point
oh oh that's the only reason you want me
to play so that's the reason they're
pretty sure what's happening specials
damn flailing around and knocking things
over as part of the fun okay we're gonna
start a new game oh that's that's the
name that I think the level were just
done okay that's the end we're gonna
play a new game
yeah and this is gonna play no no we're
in here just put put him with you here
Jesse just do anything to the middle
Terry today here are the headphones you
get anymore oh yeah that's nice you
chain you don't notice
I I wouldn't notice if she didn't point
it out put it out and I didn't notice
the difference there you go there you go
[Music]
we're just gonna let Jessie play for a
second so she understands the controls
and then we will play co-op absolutely
let's see now that you're here they're
saying get a camera I get a webcam no
you'll never have a camera will never
have a camera oh maybe maybe yeah maybe
some Jessie Mike co-op yes Emma before
me that would be funny
[Music]
oh no once we breathe in
it's just guys everybody say hi to
Jessie she's reading the comments she's
not playing the game my friends Angry
Video Game Nerd movie oh Jesus what is
that
no people are expecting us to talk about
that at some point number what is it
it's a movie by the Angry Video Game
Nerd that sounds like my video game nerd
Mike let's say they love your hair
you can't see you but they nobody is
seen it they like it your ear
pre-established hair okay I'm sorry that
I picked American flecha laters they
made me because I like to sunder pants
it wasn't actually my choice oh right I
did it for my paycheck I'm just kidding
I don't get paid it may be hard to
believe from the episode but that was a
stage bit it was it was a bit and so
sorry sorry for trying to do something
see here's your ears your bride-to-be
she's waiting at the altar for you thank
you octo J for putting that in
subscriber mode only that was getting a
little crazy what all the comments yeah
all the comments so now only people with
pizza rolls can comment the people who
subscribe okay so this is me I can't
control that really doesn't look like a
mustache you gotta get to know your
controls this is tricky
[Music]
the bottom of the screen that's your
objective what he has to do now you can
do this Oh get the fuck off of there
come here there you go moves like Oh God
really
there's a lot to grab on yeah ticker
happen oh this is this boy made by the
same company that makes over
kadambari hey there's there's a key key
you got the keys and I need the unlock
of the cabinet under the pillow it's a
minion now she grabbed it in the pillow
so I turn around oh my lord
Pallas my wave and marijuana lung thank
you for subscribing
may the Gees be with you Wow where'd the
fuck to my god
I was trying to go to the door behind me
this is just the tutorial oh my don't
what you wanted with ya know I'm
swearing there you got one now you gotta
get the top there's the other stick goes
up and down
what stick moves your urn like a row
think someone does up and down that's
that's what makes this game so
frustrating open the cabinet I should
know how to do this oh no that's glowing
green say you want to touch it
[Music]
nice no no no fuck your bathroom one
lifts up the right leg the other one
lifts up the left leg yeah so you move
each leg individually hey let that go
Oh Brian J thanks for subscribing the
G's is forever with you get off
yes John kilo 3 Mike is the one typing
in the chat right now what are you
taping in the channel oh just I asked
what based Len
even though I think discuss that last
time yeah it means best or good I
believe also you could just talk to them
if you wanted to not type
I mean just don't you fear with the game
no worries yeah I don't think you're
gonna interfere as much a missed primal
just subscribed you've been with us for
a while in this primal may the Jesus be
with you
what are you saying see we have these
emoticons and I made that you know the
Jesus head from SOS okay and so that's
what I've been saying tonight when
people subscribe oh my lord oh my god
Oh what do I do now oh go out the door
okay get off loan ranch on and drock's
everybody's subscribing now because
we're in subscriber only mother Liz six
is zero zero five the Jesus is all
around Jimmy jam Jimmy Jesus Jesus may
the Jimmy Jesus be with your jams get
off of me chair he's gonna trash his own
reception hall yeah that's all you do in
this game is does knock everything over
so Jessie how do you feel about this
game so far it's very cute of your
interest sir what the fuck is it oh
hello octopus man on top your cake
nothing no one noticed that yeah right
the maybe the person making the cake
let's just fuck up this cake oh my god
don't fuck up the cake that's your cake
you know where she was so sure this is
my wedding
yeah Johnny Bukowski and groom bah thank
you for subscribing the Jesus in the
jams forever in your gyms alright
[Laughter]
now what happens no I'm supposed to be
doing Katamari oh I apologize I mean
this is one when you're not trying to
accomplish anything
[Music]
hey nice try kiddo and all meats pizza
thank you for subscribing may your jams
be Jim forever and Jesus do you like
these days ie everybody is like when I
try to dance
taking my inspiration from this is why
you've been banned from all weddings
because you get too many ladies with
this sweet dance moves
Oh who's that guy is he having a seizure
you get all the hot nurses coming get in
the cake and then jump out come on oh my
lord agent sterling Archer thank you for
subscribing I understand that that's
Baker before the show Archer oh I've
never seen that show as well as he meant
or adventure Brothers they hear they're
good
oh shit both are good dte do one also
thank you for subscribing
Jesus jams already gemmed octo J has
started a subscribing hype since he
turned it since he put in subscriber
Romanoff
jab so thank you I co J this is it is it
just because Jesse and Mike are here
pretty much yeah come on yes the world
news Jay that's true we do this all the
time we're always like the side dishes
you're like the salad yeah does it that
might be the most adorable your tux yeah
yeah you do have a goal sit here
find and wear your tux and dance okay
this is not getting old
okay no then then do what you do all
right do what you do
[Music]
oh man will h20 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
may your G's forever be jammed in Jim oh
that sounded dirty I like that one
better I'm still dancing yeah yeah yeah
also nine Reed's one thank you for
subscribing
may your jammed forever be Jim did G's I
like the other one better
alright I guess I'll go do you others
yeah they're saying sorry
Oh Brian CJ just said I wandered away
for a drink came back still dancing
[Laughter]
[Music]
birthday boy says Jessie put your way
down oh oh you turned off the party you
have to find and wear your tux oh yeah
fuck up that place every time no where
is it then Jack tell me I think don't I
didn't do as well
come on you were here you want to just
know where it is you don't want to try
and find out yourself I danced for like
an hour
hey callous Emmy thank you for sissy the
juicy MJ left side of the dance floor
there was a door may want to investigate
that more I wish you would sue me when I
was over there
you didn't ask when you're over there
yes sure
[Music]
just falls to the ground
hey get out of your chair it's like
Mario okay absolutely
oh I guess I have to walk attempt to
walk and I never got the hang of the
walking part get in there good
well that's a good question but what has
been everyone's favorite video off of
the wheel of the worst I mean for me
it's SOS but I've only been on two
episodes there's different categories of
favorite yeah yeah like genuinely most
enjoyable most entertaining because yeah
most entertaining me bad I don't know
yeah during the after you play it's a
big part of it is yeah how much fun we
have watch just thinking about the Santa
Claus movie the movie itself isn't great
yeah well that's not a fun feeling the
Aster dollars dance yeah I found in my
stuff you did we did not laugh a lot
during like the dance at first no give
me four shit yeah yeah oh my god this is
making me nauseous
[Music]
okay if you're wondering why you got
better it's because I give the
controller to chat you know yeah hold on
guys I'm putting my weight on I'm
twerking oh my god what'd you get
arthritis
