Episode 078
QWOP the Qwopiest
October 12, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxpmpLtS3iU
___________________________________________

and welcome back everybody know Jesse
has gone mildly insane look shit's gone
crazy here that was a long break sorry
about that
it's a business to attend to
as a business some bean business never
eyes full of them said you're full of
beans they probably can't hear you so
they still probably can't hear you okay
they can hear her laughing cuz someone
said jesse is laughing did someone fart
it's just oh also wait is Khalid in the
stream no no there's a there's someone
in Collin imposter in the stream someone
is saying that they're calling in the
stream they might not be we're double
checking on that right now we're sending
a text to column right now we're gonna
find out we're on to you
[Laughter]
oh they're saying they did hear every
word that Jesse said oh she said my
mama's full of beans how does that true
I mean she no my mom doesn't like beans
oh yeah yeah okay which is weird I guess
what's not literal beans full of beans
is an expression for like you're being
hyper come on overactive was it your
business
I've heard people use it that way yeah
almost like you're full of shit no no
Paula beans means that you're you're
going crazy well that's crazy that is
crazy okay beans hey guys we're setting
up a very special game really I claim
this special game we're setting up a
kind of special it is special yeah I
don't know what this is oh no is it not
working
well it's not working that's disturbing
no oh yeah we gotta do something there
hold on we're don't worry we're doing it
okay Colin is not in the chat okay Colin
is confirmed to not me in the chat if
you want to read he said okay
now a Collins not there he is saying in
the text no I am hoot and aboot ah he's
so Canadian we could give him mod powers
he wants them could he handle it I don't
know okay could he handle the raw mod
power for some reason this isn't working
so we might not be able to play this
game every time we are gonna play it's
fun so what up there goes okay got it
dududu dududu its co-op
Wow here's gonna work you'll see you're
gonna find out J all right and you're
gonna love it
yeah oh they're really hard though they
might be mildly amused for a second yeah
yeah that's probably more true then
they'll move on to better bigger things
Oh with co-op cuz those are the buttons
you have to hit yeah okay I got it
well I worried we're making this look
pretty and order and yeah there we go
now it looks pretty okay
all right look out on the window so I
can do this
we gonna play some co-op although we're
gonna update the stream oh god what
happened huh oh you'll see nope nope
copyist update error updating broadcast
rate it's am great at this game
is rich playing co-op idly going
backwards what the hell is happening I'm
trying to run wow it's like you know
I'll go down awkward controls yeah it's
like that awkward controls okay yeah
there's like a button does the knee in
the egg wall the other button does
uh-huh yeah okay broadcast is updated
successfully so so yeah this is the game
you have the Q and the W work the thighs
and the O and the P work the calves and
you have to try to run as far as you can
this isn't like cute as one Phi W does
the other thigh yeah okay did they do
they were they forced to take out the
Chariots of Fire theme I'm sure it's not
it's not the same that's true there
isn't it right now there's no music
playing it's not the same it needs the
Chariots of Fire
that makes what somebody's playing right
now is there any oh wait no there's
something plain is it the chariots fire
thing oh it might be all I care it only
plays when you move correctly okay okay
there was a there was a point in time
when I wasn't terrible and I never got
to the finish line but I was able to get
to the hurdles so your hurdles and it
ends in a long jump so we're talking
about I did it I did see the kid who
played the coop cosplay did you see that
one no no he just dressed up as a runner
and flail about it I did look better but
it was great someone is asking did you
really spend time to get good at this
rich
[Laughter]
no like I got I got 20 wiedersehen that
was the best I did that's pretty good oh
all right
[Laughter]
no I don't know what that is but no so
what but what you do is you take a
picture and then you send it to somebody
in those deletes but it's fun I guess
instead of texting oh it's like an app
yeah I don't even have a cellphone yeah
I'm just not convinced these cellphones
are gonna catch on maps for my landline
yeah I play solitaire with cards while
you wait for someone to call detect oh
yeah usually when someone else is there
but do you try to play songs on the
dials or yeah push button yes I have a
rotary I put little paper dolls on it
so when i dial it looks like they dance
it's really pretty
yeah it's called it's called it's guy if
L don't fail no good joke well you just
steamroll I was about to say something
good and I know it's gone now you've
steamrolled over all of it but I think
you're steamroll was funnier than any
joke so I appreciate that
[Laughter]
that's right right Jay really does not
have a cellphone you're absolutely right
he does have a car phone I do have a car
phone yeah I I did not have a cell phone
for the longest time I held off on a
cell phone for a while I don't want
people bugging me
yeah listen I don't I don't know what
the joke was going to be I was making it
along I really appreciate Jesse kind of
D railing it Peggy fergie three four
seven one one thanks for subscribing
may the Gees jams always be your Jim
that's a lot of corn and I just flipped
jail no I can see Jack it's like
flipping me off just flipped jails I'm
over this whole thing he's over the Gees
jams but every time I see it look to put
the little cheese's up it's nice it's a
fun thing that I'm doing for tonight
only so alright we're you're just
annoyed with it because so many people
have subscribed I guess which is
something we should be happy about yeah
I guess so yeah when you put it when you
put it that way these noises what are
you doing I'm Votto it cuz you're
clapping yeah hey you're doing it you're
doing it yeah I got to like a tweeters
did you yeah congratulations
whoa this game is bringing weird noises
out of your eyes yeah the Jesus and the
jams oh we did that through y'all I
don't know about it
home some honey now no one hand we're
getting subscribers yes
on the other hand you keep saying see
that's my problem with that part of it
what that you're saying these things
well is you
well bluestocking thank you very
subscribe
J says is that better whoa whoa what
Evan did you just hit quick no I didn't
hit quick no did it didn't die it did
died but that's okay oh my oh my god
stop okay okay okay
hold on we're getting back to it so you
said you started playing the Arkham
games did you were and I downloaded the
African games are because they WV just
had to sail there there was a sailing
all like WB shit and so I just bought
Arkham Asylum hold on you guys are
probably seeing some frozen stuff right
now did you buy the second one - I did
not sure uh yeah probably
oh sorry guys we just lost our window
capture coming back coming back at ya oh
Jesus Evan Oh for some reason I would
have just closed closed Chrome just quit
rich was playing co-op way too hard the
computer co-op you know the graphics are
pushing the limitations all right oh um
we're gonna we're gonna grab I still I
still want to say footage that crossed
Claire the co-op's quite cosplayer
coops player pups play coops play whoa
what is it
oh there go
fix it I fixed it all right click on
food yeah that's it click yeah it's a
well I can imagine what it doesn't want
to function unless we did it guys we
fixed him say I did try Arkham Asylum
cuz I played a little bit of Arkham
Asylum when it first came out and never
after some cutscenes you know I turn it
off it was fine I got I probably just
started playing something else but it's
fine I'm looking forward to there's a
huge sale on all like WB games and so I
got Arkham Asylum for five bucks I'm
super excited to play through the whole
thing cool yeah yes just talking in that
game up here it's like most of it's done
via like radio no I'm sure it's I've
heard nothing but good things about our
cuz I'm so I'm really looking forward to
getting into it if I ever get a chance
to play games outside of the stream
which I don't much anymore
so I might isn't one of the game station
games then you do are from so excited
the second one now part of city ok game
station
[Laughter]
miss that set that's a great was a great
set as a fun set we held on to it for a
long time but it was just taking up
space so he finally finally got rid of
yeah no I understand
oh sure it's do you know we don't
understand yet there's like the you know
the problems hen hand-painting
everything yeah that's true we might I
might abandon it and what take what's
been done and we'll just do something
different with that okay that's that's
the red letter media way
start working on it and then say yeah
good enough but should I say what it was
or might be or if you want to talk about
it good
here's the thing whether you talk about
it or not it may or may not happen so
yeah I mean we've been doing like making
like a diorama of giant sized diorama of
like old games right I have been working
on like just like a screen of Mario like
cut out a little Mario boom bug made the
ground and we're gonna set that up
behind us I'm just gonna be a Mega Man
one Mario one and you gaiden one a
pacman lon
and it's just taken forever cuz I'm not
even done with the fucking first one I
started with because rich has decided to
hand paint every pixel and make them
perfect pixel pixel accurate yes and
we've discussed ways to do this kind of
simpler if you know I try I looked into
it a little construction paper squares
to glue on do up work yeah the problem
with that is there's not much variety in
colors on the construction paper it's
like one shade of brown one we shade of
blue and one ugly shade of yellow and
one ugly shade orange and like with
Mario there's like 18 different shades
of beige yeah and I don't know how to do
that with construction paper sure do you
think that you're basing these all on
images that you find on the internet
right from the games themselves yeah so
these images are online there's this
place called Kinkos where you can print
images I would be willing to do that or
how much I don't know how much of a cost
though that's room like I said around
which we do have a budget of zero down
I've been trying to do it on the cheap
yeah yeah what's up it's fun to
interject into comments perhaps tours
have numerous shades of construction
paper we need a lot of it and uh hey
what was it three feet by five feet
like a foam board printed materials
about 80 bucks
that is it outrageous that expensive me
probably it's several characters and my
room this conversation is boring me well
shit you know that's valid yeah that's
true that's valid
yep confirmed for J says we should use
the sub money for Kinkos there you go
what you got to use the ticket a new
system right yeah what are you that the
pilot game stuff yeah we are we're use
it we we're making our first big
expenditure sometime later this week
it's gonna be really awesome we're
getting is it too early to reveal what
you're doing or we won't tell what what
game we're doing this I will where we
are getting a ps4 now can as our as our
big system splurge for our first for a
first big expenditure we're getting a
ps4 so something is happening in that
area is that the ps4 doesn't is it a
blu-ray player - it is a blu-ray player
so you're just gonna watch blu-ray
movies what are you doing - pretty much
okay pretty much whenever whenever I
take it from rich I'll say oh no I have
to play video games on him I'll just be
watching I actually don't care because I
know you're a big fan of physical media
i blu-rays and I don't give a fuck about
if I can be perfectly honest with you
I've gotten rid of most of my DVD
collections
I only stream yeah if it's not on Amazon
you know Amazon Netflix all that jazz
I hate physical media except for do you
just you're not a summer VHS cuz that's
something special
not really it's junk that's true that's
true it's old junk it's true the only
thing a special or movies that are on
VHS that aren't available in any other
format then it's special anybody wants
to take a trip amid the crashed or Merle
well no not the craps we're saying
there's they're saying they're okay with
us spending some money on that trip to
Kinkos we would need to find like some
high-quality images to blow them up yeah
yeah depends on what you can find out
which which I could probably do I'm sure
it's out there oh you want text me away
from the light
Jesse needs to talk to me away from the
microphones all right bye jack social
you weren't in here to begin with such
as you me no j-just us how awkward can
we talk about the craft store who can
say yeah let's talk about aircraft ships
wish for Michaels do you prefer the
Hobby Lobby back now no it's not a J
James gonna play co-op play co-op the
only kids use our qua qua prop alright
let me see if I can get the hang of this
well you can't okay okay copy Colin is
in the chat now officially
okay hold on guys I want to play another
game
Oh press space to restart Colin is here
in the chat we're about to make him a
mod it's gonna be great oh my god
oh here there is yeah who made this game
a crazy person
oh I just flipped over on my brain
didn't I think I just broke my neck yep
okay he's now everybody welcome Colin
are our new moderator like Alan yeah
Colin you don't have your sword yet
Colin is the Stig's mismas 69 sergeant T
what the hell no sergeant Zima nope
take your time yet when you say sergeant
sim oh my god this game is fucking
impossible
wait listening
zim zim troopers hey isn't that
what's-his-face the guy the priest from
carnival well is there an A in his
name-o Clancy Brown that guy
he's on Carnivale yeah tall taller guy
he was an Islander yeah
yeah I think this is characters Newman
starship trooper oh I don't remember I
guess surgeons
I am devious that's right and by the way
right now both of our our active
moderators are Canadian so oh really
guys just lay off the maple syrup and
hand remember you love hockey I can't
get one foot off the ground I can get
one foot I can't get the next foot yeah
that's not is it is it possible to do
yeah I've gotten 12 feet into this game
really Oh people have gotten always sure
yes yes I know how is that even possible
learn to walk with awkward controls
Colin's mate name is Sergeant Zim 69 and
for some reason his sword isn't showing
up yet I think it takes a little bit it
did for me I think it did
Oh dancin I'm doing somehow Oh oh yeah
dude a bunch of dances for a while dude
Oh
yeah you're probably good exactly the
way you're supposed to how that was the
farthest I've gotten was by doing that
yes yes it's quirky quirky the sword
mean penis that's funny is not that
funny oh my lord
okey up Colin is waving a sword around
now you got his official sword Jim and I
are married it's the Canadian oh that's
rich place Pokemon has a really good
suggestion Jay yeah I get good I don't
think that's possible not with us this
is the most insanely stupid thing one
Kia type No yeah I'm on you're gonna
learn that you're gonna need to like to
switch and really yeah I'm very good at
falling backwards on to my skull yeah
yeah I am
absolutely no idea what I'm supposed or
it's not it's not time so just kind of
take is a race you're supposed to just
run oh that's all I'm supposed to play
this next by the way yeah do you want to
try this here Jesse but every time you
start moving forward it starts playing
the Chariots of Fire
[Laughter]
[Music]
what's that with I'm not gonna get out
the body wrap just yet Oh God maybe one
of these things none of us are as good
as Kyle
yeah that's trouble that's exactly the
problem are you Brett Brett Brett buddy
buddy
right all right all right who's next
Jesse Jesse come on
no yes why not just for a little bit all
right and then and then will someone
else okay
sir Gympie did not lose his mob powers
he just hasn't been around so hippies
got shit to do he's too busy camping
around it's true well he's missing out
on a hot clop action he's missing out on
me falling on my skull over and over the
only way this would be more exciting as
if we were playing the Penn & Teller
truck game Jesus
all right you ready I guess okay so qw o
P that's all you can use okay I also use
rot our four run Jessie's name on it
getting farther than J already hey
expensive cheese thanks for subscribing
appreciated and vengeful turducken
that's that's a great name
avenge filter done listen you never help
[Laughter]
okay I have a new plan column is asking
counts as Jackie dude a drunk bastard
when will the gym and I meet you when I
stopped drinking during the day which is
never I'm sure next time you're in town
maybe I'll be great you doing great is
this the Nicki Minaj anaconda video my
my anaconda warm
oh my god you're doing great I'm very
good you can start wiggling forward you
would have like trying reversing the way
you're doing it oh there you go you're
doing it oh yeah one meter oh wow go one
point one meters I wait
oh no you blip set up your foot
[Laughter]
if I can get to I'll be happy to point
wow you're doing good
I'll fight you Jacob I got I didn't get
your b12 Jesse I got 12 I didn't get far
at all I mostly call backwards Jesse if
you can get to 3 you win the game oh wow
no I mean that's not true but well
that's what we're setting first so I'm
gonna say for Jesse okay if you can get
to 3 Jesse you win come on by the way
Jesse just left she likes she won the
game so she just won the game and just
right out of the room I'm gonna give
this jack is gonna give this a try yeah
I bet you're gonna have that yeah I
won't
oh my god and he still just here
oh my god and now she has a bottle of
Jagermeister oh my god okay I can do
this is it still the same game it is and
I found a method where I'm just kicking
the one leg Oh nope nope oh you're gonna
fall backwards nope I'm gonna fall
forwards no damn it
I lost it I actually have a rhythm where
I'm kind of run but it's hard to keep it
going yeah
nope Bam's oh my god I keep pressing the
I am okay no oh no oh what happens if i
press P first
no we what no no I don't want to drink
I'm better than everybody nice except
for Jessie yeah I'm really good yeah
yeah
okay I do - Jessie nothing
yeah no no why not hi straight now
well you figure it out her fucking doll
let's coop okay here we go here we go
nope nope you're gonna fall on your ass
fuck I don't understand I don't
understand thighs get bend that forward
like oh okay that could oh okay I
understand thighs now so wide together
wide together right that's like
alternating key so Q and oh and W and P
and you can kind of get a running motion
and that Ben's a nun Ben's
yeah okay I'm I want to figure this out
what I've gotten further than anybody so
far I could Drake it you're getting
drugged don't tell Jessie but I am the
undisputed champ I'm a viral on WAP of
consciousness Jesse's coming in I think
she's very angry at me I heard you
she almost she almost threw Hagar
Meister at me Mike the game is called
flop they actually named the game co-op
yes what you wo because those are the
only buttons you press like or Chee yeah
yeah I never want to play this game new
don't sell this games like you're
yelling like you made it remove the
character all these games sound so
frustrating yeah that's a part of it
Mike is you've set up a chant where ever
having difficulty like moving the
character and the games I used to well
but it's a recent gimmick yeah that it's
difficult to control the character yeah
do even the objectives are like simple
things oh that's so that's a thing
that's one or two games well like in any
game you set up a false barrier without
barriers winning right and so in a game
we have to jump over those challenges
frustrating too much away
Cohen said Jay how was flex it was was
what it was
can't tell you it's a secret it's a
secret will tell you later
oh oh wait for one second I had a
running motion
how do you do this game oh you you press
keys you run drive take over for you
people
hey guys
get it it's back to fly I'm not sure
yeah smack to fly I hate that fucking
flight alright it's been in here all
fucking night yeah course engine oh did
you see it did you see that no oh I did
like fun run
Oh No BAM oh that will look painful
fucking hell this is
Jagga vegan as far as Jessie yet oh yeah
welcome to third place which one is
going this is the one with the sword
that's not octo J okay
sergeant okay surgeons this is my
sergeant Zima 69 yo going rich just got
cool and from the 1990s from my
perspective that is cool wait till he
hears that so that might be cool to him
right now I don't know it's possible I
don't know how that works
oh God did you kill it we have too many
there's too many flies that's when we
leave the door open
yeah there's 26 years with their arms
hey guys Mike second about flies this is
just a thing that s goin on tonight
yeah we're chasing flies okay yeah I got
something fucking fucking fuck yeah you
gotta get it to a point where you're
pushing off the one legs while the other
one's kind of here here bent and forward
would you like me to admit my before you
land you switch keys Jesse take over
cause he's taking over jess is taking
over
ah damn it
I lost my I lost my groove I thought I
thought you were the undisputed champ
Jessie I am here it goes
here we go where's your champ miss here
we go stop mother there we go we're on
the ground what the fuck is the point
what the fuck is the point that's that's
the real thing
gently tap OH then hit P and Q
simultaneously until you reach position
to hit W knows that no that's - yes -
what you're doing too hard already
look at this is what you do you go like
this perfect you just go as slow as I
drag your legs gotten farther than I
have I just wanna let you know that
she's perfected do it do it oh my god
three point eight more can you be 12 is
that the record something if there's a
line she'll have to press it
oh that's right oh my god she might do
it seven you're at seven you can do this
eight oh my god nine you're doing it
Jessie oh my god you're doing it you oh
[Music]
that's what Yeager does bitches Oh sis
don't what you're demolishing it 16
Jesus Christ there's no stopping nice
victory seventeen Wallace with dream
Peyton I'm in tears
you got this not are you gonna get to
twenty twenty meters Jessie is the
greatest at all things all the time
gently tap all men position 100 oh shit
are you gonna get to 30 she's gonna get
to the fruit oh my god wall right then
there's a whole mother if she gets in
the hurdle she has to go the whole one
I'm 30 Jesus Christ this is amazing this
I've never seen a co-op run quite like
this my fingers go Jesus you're getting
there you're getting there
oh no super well don't stand up by
accident because you'll just fall over
the 100 meter need your egg I just want
to make it to 50 someone's asking Jesse
have you ever considered going pro yes
[Laughter]
can you just knock them down yep keep
going you're like halfway there oh
[Laughter]
they're saying Trico whopping what if I
press these don't don't don't don't you
dare jack
how are you moving it slowly you're
gonna ruin her mojo no we're moving
slowly okay jack is now the qw and Jesse
is the Opie we got this yeah we got this
we got this okay
I mean it's moving slower now obviously
because we're dragging the second hurdle
we'll have two Pirtle Oh Mike Jesse's
fingers were getting tired I had to come
in there and pinch-hit they're saying
they're saying Jack no no but I it's
working it's too late now
yes too late now I'm trying to work
through the pain I'm trying it's it's
actually kind of hard to do this okay
give Jack some Jagermeister no Emma win
all we're doing is is pressing the
buttons as fast as we can I think this
is the mom I'm just staring at this in
amazement
yeah it's working it's working I can't
believe this is working how many hurdles
are there I don't know they're gonna be
just one as a lark or it's gonna be
every 10 meters my figures are now
hurting okay we're gonna 60 go oh no we
have to keep going rich come I'm gonna
take you in all right
oh Jesus yeah don't take all the credit
for this victory no okay no okay ready
yeah go
okay it's now rich and Jack skin warming
here oh my god this is really hurts
signal boss
KJ Hey okay Isis really a hundred meters
to it I think so
less it's 200 Jesus I don't think we can
do this if it's a hundred I got us two
sixty meters what by doing this the only
that was the highest score name is rich
how did this see I thought there was an
ad or something that was up like I know
that's the game a game that's the game
Mikey you might want to give this a try
[Laughter]
I mean it's what we've gotten so far
rich you're trying to move a guy over
well we have to drag the hurdle along
with us because we can't move his legs
properly enough to jump over it is there
even an ability to jump over it if you
might oughta do the controls properly
possibly it's probably j4 John wait wait
whoa whoa what just happened okay you're
stuck on that hurdle no we're moving
no you're stuck on no it's it's been no
we should be with you stop stop stop
Oh is there a way to make him run did
you stop doing yeah I'm alone he was
going on the air okay
almost 70 meters almost a similar
entertainment to watching a bad movie on
purpose I suppose
oh damn I'm sorry Mike uh you know it's
it's it's a it's a challenge it's a
challenge and it's a unique challenge Oh
someone said and I agree Jack and rich
you stupid fuck ups that's fair
yeah Wow are you doing this rich yeah
this is pretty good whoa you're doing
really good wow you look like a person
running the game what's like someone
actually running yeah I gotta get my
rhythm going and then yeah fine oh oh oh
you're almost prancing hey I got 270
meters guys at 60 versus and negative
meters yeah no I have 260 meters and
then I gave up yeah so what is it a
combination of getting the keys well
Mike could just come here and no I don't
want well if you're gonna ask questions
you you should you should experience it
for yourself
co-op could be your first game since dr.
Mario like one button will do like a
knee and a thigh in one leg except for
when you keep landing on your head
I think the keyboard is just right here
for you Mike I think you should give it
shouldn't it be unlike a space suit
running on the surface of the Moon well
you can't hear it but when you start
moving forward they start playing the
chariots fire theme
it's actually a really funny effect if
you didn't hear it
tried to beat my score what was your 60
I got just 60 and then I stopped and
give it to those guys I got it to less
than one you can get somewhere between
Mike is taking over my video game is
taking over good night Colin Colin's
going to bed okay cross face when you
want to start then it's yeah well okay
tell me what qw and Opie do I figured
out I mean this race / yeah okay
oh my god Oh
spacebar ok so that's back seems to be
four you can do this Mike we believe in
you do you want me to teach you yeah
more often than not I felt backwards
under my head okay see now you see where
the crazy crunch dance comes from yeah
just the hunting and the wanting to move
forward nope okay that's not working
[Laughter]
that's amazing
no not that I mean not the game itself
but I'm trying to figure out what no
like let's do yeah yeah that's the whole
thing yeah do they are they do they
randomized what role does the the Q and
the W make your legs go apart and
together so like W makes them makes your
legs go part Q makes them go together
and then oh and P it makes your knees
extended so think of QW is your hips
okay
singing is to literally remove his legs
I think I'll give up here oh hey there
you got further than I did just by
randomly mashing buttons I'm trying to
come up with some kind of running rhythm
it's possible yeah there are videos
online of actually people doing this
well so is it like whoever designed this
game is just some sort of evil genius
yes yeah pretty much it's it's I'm sure
it's some sort of experiment in hardness
chair thinking experiment is you take a
simple thing you make a complicated and
humor ensues yes sure
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
yeah where it's happening then you get
to the woman then you kind of switch in
the Malaysia on the opposite it's like a
series that's like combination look look
there's like an exact combination of the
order of buttons that you press you know
and I seems like it has to be really
precise yes that's the thing I get that
but it'll take me years to master this
[Laughter]
oh there you go now you're getting in
the submissive yep yeah yeah I want to
get on a can you tell you oh you must
have hit the spacebar oh yeah oh are you
resent me oh that sucked
this must be a blast to watch for sure
what's what's the opinion channels they
love it they love it no let's take back
with us
I'd imagine this might have even
inspired that game oh yes it's like a
classic
I think it's been around for a while oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
I hit the heart right next to the qw
like you're hitting W and E you're at it
and Q and W you're missing a lot of the
controls oh and you were doing better
that way that's great
[Laughter]
this completely changes Mike's learning
curve oh yeah okay nice
I hope you really want to do it where
you like actually running though right
right there's a QWOP - really that's
what people are saying we should play
clop - what how do you how do you
respect her how do you do something that
you know maybe you're maybe you're like
going upstairs oh no no no you can do
this don't fall
apparently to clop is two-player co-op
almost are running next to each other it
says you have to control all the arms
and the legs and you're biking instead
of running thank you right right
that'd be terrible i by the way Ryan
vision I agree co-op is the only game
that is both torture and addicting yeah
second possible but you want yeah
somewhere it's it's almost it gives you
a sense that you're figuring it out if
yeah yeah you're absolutely not is there
people that um are like master this yes
yes absolutely look up videos later yeah
I'd like to see that I'm sure there is a
combination pressing the letters yeah
yeah
right or something I I it's like a like
a simulation and like like weight
distribution and there's like an
algorithm there looks like so there is
some sort of like I know it's not the
rapid taps like you're doing it it is
smooth motion it's like alternating
items like the Kuhn P and W one all
they're saying W o QP sua time w + o + Q
and P FX oh I guess what maybe once
again understand up I mean you can't
just run like that but now that I have
them in the upright position doing the
splits just riveting there's also a
unicorn co-op called plop motion oh yeah
yeah that's like that's the worst part
is when you get that once try and you're
like how did I do it yeah this looks
natural
yep now this is it's true it's true
that's that famous Citizen Kane boy
absolutely it's when the old man comes
to the farmhouse I think that kid and
he's about to take the kid and the kid
says fuck you mister now this is
podracing and it gets on a sled they
know my and I go for right meters to get
to 100 hundred avenge 11 fault says five
hours later everyone else is in bed and
the stream is nothing but clicks and
mics quiet okay you didn't really do
that much because I can kind of get a
rhythm sometimes I'm not mean on blower
but now whose idea was it to play co-op
tonight like the best idea it goes hand
in hand with with octo ban yeah yeah
kind of weird controls and simple
dammit oh you like a rowdy kick I had it
for a second yeah I saw I saw you almost
getting it mm-hmm oh wow that was neat
though you didn't you did a little
prince'
No so you gotta get that foot under you
and then thrust read prancercising
juggler sizing juggler sizing
oh there you go slow and awkward bow-wow
oh they're saying you did exceptionally
average Mike that uh graduation look at
this you're prancing oh oh listen we're
juggling oh my god oh wow that's amazing
no no your how are you doing that this
is tense
Oh proven your own if you're done you're
ended on that uh yeah that's good
[Laughter]
okay I think I'm about okay well then if
you wanted you guys don't want to keep
going I don't know it was this guy
really quiet yeah got weird
I'm anything on that I know that that's
right that's what rich isn't I'm done
with co-op it's nice to know you're cut
off
you know yeah yeah yeah okay what should
that be the straight man I think so okay
pretty good all right well hey everybody
thanks for coming out
yes yes thank you her face all over
trying to run down the track and then
we'll be back again another time and
thanks to all the new subscribers and
all the old subscribers and all the
people who just came to watch sp
jackasses good night everybody
adios
