Episode 080
Happy Birthday Isaac: I love you (Part 2)
October 14, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HiyYNzP5nY
___________________________________________

uh-oh Jack awkwardness awkwardness is
commencing yep what's up how much
working on things the studio today so
that happen
Marvel or DC uh you know you know you
don't have to pick though I i will say i
hate the way DC runs their universe I
mean you use hard to get into a decent
not that i'm not that i've been reading
many comic books lately anyway but i
don't i think i'd be a happy DC fan
because every year it seems like they
reboot their universe I mean it's hard
to get into a book when your continuity
is invalidated every six months but I
mean as far as me having a Marvel or DC
bias I mean favorite comic book
character of spider-man on my second
favorite comic book characters Batman so
you know I mean I don't I don't try to
pick a favorite team and stick with it
what about favorite teams as I Marvel or
DC oh sure and I was talking about how
it probably pretty frustrating to be a
hardcore DC fan when they reboot their
continuity every eight months how many
infinity crisis is can you exactly
exactly the new 52 the new new 52 yeah
yeah and it just sounds like a
clusterfuck but I mean you know it was
it was kind of the same thing of Marvel
back in the day you know like you have
your you have your x-men you have your
uncanny x-men you have your amazing
x-men you have your x-men children of
the atom you know there that's that's
just comic books in general and I am a
marvel fan boy but keeping up you know
you just gotta pick your book and stick
with that's the real thing and so like
you know I got back into comic books I
left for a while and I got back into it
when the ultimate versions of marvel
super heroes came back and I thought
those were great because you know it was
a new clean universe so I really like
you know what at the same time they
didn't have to invalidate the old marvel
universe either right I mean I I thought
that the ultimate universe is just smart
mmm smart thinking of Marvel's part but
well and you know like like my wife
collects both regular x-men and uncanny
and if they're two completely different
storylines and I would have the hardest
time keeping up with that kind of
continuity really just like wait what
Cyclops doing in this one oh no he's
dead in this one and ya know yes oh I'm
sorry you were trying to have rich time
I'm sorry i'll just keep playing who
would who would win in a fight question
from the stream all right Batman I or
spider-man up spider-man would mop the
floor with Batman Batman is my second
favorite comic book character this isn't
this isn't like me being like a bias
spider-man fan boy spider-man would wipe
the floor with Batman it would not even
be close whoa whoa rich I mean you're
totally right it's press a fucking Buick
this season he's he's got insane
reflexes he's got he's got precognitive
reflexes absolutely dodging punches
before their throne he would wipe the
floor with Batman's cape and Batman
attached that would be the mop handle
yeah yeah for all of Batman's jujitsu
spider-man the spider sense is what wins
out wonderful present all on that plus
plus the speed plus the strength
spider-man spider-man is not an idiot
plus the wedding yeah yeah oh I i mean i
agree with you i just i like i like how
worked up you're getting about it I've
given this thought well obviously
gobbledygook raises an interesting
question which is what about Christian
Bale vs. Andrew Garfield obviously
Christian Bale is a super-strong crazy
person so he wins
hold on Holland is it an ambush or was
Batman aware before you can't ambush
spider-man yeah unless your venom so
like Batman can't even really set up a
trap right because the second that
spider-man gets close to the trap he
senses danger you understand so there's
nothing that Batman could set up ahead
of time that spider-man wouldn't know as
soon as he got there and some amount of
knowledge beforehand yeah if like in any
of these situations sure I think you
have to assume that both parties are
prepared for battles but not necessarily
prepared for battle against each other
their everyday tools yes there every day
carry normally carry around with them
yes so Batman um you know what will even
give Batman the Batmobile because he
rides that around so that the Batmobile
crashes into spider-man while swinging
through new york / Gotham and they had
to have it out spider-man wins one and
by wins he gives Batman a little wedgie
and swings away cuz they each other no
no Batman would humiliate a spider-man
would humiliate Batman and then just go
about his day absolutely absolutely
Batman might then try to counter in
which case spider-man will win again
because he's fucking spider-man
spider-man is I think I don't know if
we've ever had a bro moment about
spider-man but spider-man is my absolute
favorite superhero the one recourse
Batman would have would be to find Peter
Parker's identity and just just expose
him and that's about the only thing
Batman could really do to spider-man I
saw this awful i saw this awful like new
version of the Justice League that's on
netflix and and basically that's how
Batman stop Superman is just by calling
him Clark oh yeah okay okay it's a
really awful it's a cartoon movie like
called like League of tomorrow what I
don't know what it's called as awful
I hated them they make a lot of
stand-alone DC animated down yeah it was
and and that's basically how he stopped
Superman he just goes really Clark and
that stop Superman cuz cuz that's dumb
but anyway i'm gonna start playing
without i'm gonna try to Lord of the
Flies we can continue talking about how
dumb Batman is look there are plenty of
people who could beat spider-man but
Batman is not one of them yeah he's just
he doesn't have the firepower like
Superman he would like accidentally
break spider man's face yeah but but
Batman no that's just not gonna happen
can we talk about how much I hate
Superman has a character you can I I
won't agree with you well but here's the
thing Superman is very powerful and I
find that in most situations the writers
of Superman don't handle his weakness
correctly mmm and of course his weakness
is caring about other people okay
obviously obviously kryptonite is his
weakness but fuck that because there's
always a way around kryptonite
apparently if Superman's real weakness
is he doesn't want people to get hurt
he's trying to help everybody and those
are the great Superman stories I I think
the problem is worrying about Superman
being overpowered I think the thing with
Superman is you want to see him be
overpowered that's the whole point is
that he just kicks ass but that's not
the whole point the whole point is he
kicks ass but he's doing it for a
purpose and his purpose is his weakness
okay you know like of course he kicks
ass and the the stories that fuck up
Superman are just when he's in a giant
punching battle with an also powerful
alien those are the lamest stories but
the stories where he's just up against
some run-of-the-mill thug who has
hostages and Superman has to
figure out a way to save the day and not
get any of the hostages killed that's a
good Superman story mmm yeah yeah I
enjoy the idea of Superman but very few
have gotten Superman stories right I I
have not given them as much thought as
batman vs. spider babe so huh oh god
damn it I wasn't paying attention again
this is gonna be a short run yeah shit
happens you know I'm gonna try guys huh
I'm officially trying now god damn it I
am ashamed at my Isaac skill right now I
might just tank this run are you far
into it no gonna take it I'm tanging it
you guys important oh you could fight on
and see how far you can get now fuck
that like like in the true spirit of
Isaac huh you would fight on yeah no I
don't think that's true i think was just
start over like that I Zack would start
over because I just did how about that
okay okay I like are you guys it does
money but around better round already
we're dealing we're dealing much better
with this already come here you stupid
fucking spider okay great
thirsties 60 spiderman vs 60s Batman 60s
Batman operates on such a level of
reality that I that that I can't even
conceive of those two characters meeting
each other the time when you had things
like like Batman and I like a rainbow
colored costume for some reason and that
all sorts of weird things yeah I can't
even imagine those two coexisting and
60s spider-man was remarkably similar to
modern-day spider-man yes and so while I
agree with your with your knee-jerk
premise of those who do not exist in a
world in which they can exist together
it would see it would still be
spider-man yeah cuz 60s spider-man had
some deep shit going on I have all the
collections of the early spider-man
books not the actual comics because I
thought I've got the marvel masterworks
edition of most of those I think I got
the Steve Ditko run for sure some of the
realists and I do as well and they're
great and and they're they're very
similar tonally to modern-day spider-man
which speaks to how good a character
spider-man but it helps that I discover
that ship when I was 15 when Peter was
also 15 yes it was a lot of identifying
going on true that
yeah I wonder I wonder how many people
get into superheroes when they're adults
is it is the is the answer nobody Aish
probably are super here is just a kid
thing i don't i don't know the movies
are making people check out the comic
books I don't know that's historically
ever happened oh I'm sure it does i'm
absolutely sure it does I mean these
characters are welling alive because of
the movies the only reason I'm I'm
trying to think of a modern-day a
Hellboy i only check that Hellboy
because of the movie yeah so so I'm
gonna say absolutely people check out
comics because of movies I think I
checked out Hellboy because Erik Larsen
was a fan and I I I love erik larson
savage dragon was was great okay and i
never read savage dragon but i enjoy
that the hell my books there's some fun
books and i only got in i only read
those books because of the hell boy
movie which I didn't think was that
great but it was something I have real
problems with the hell boy movies I
don't think that guillermo del toro can
direct action mmm and that sucks because
he's done he'll boy and he's done robot
jox part 2 and I think he's really bad
at action I'm gonna what is that movie
called what is ruined pacific rim yeah
oh yeah um so I've got an eye on the
chat her school no keep an eye on the
chat they thought of it I thought of
what the movie was called though yeah
both Hellboy and Hellboy the golden army
while I thought were fun we're really
disappointing because they were lacking
they were lacking some action that I
like in my superhero movies mmm
I don't have I don't have an incredible
amount of love or the Hellboy movies I
have a mild amount of love people people
in the chat keep asking me about what I
think of current comic books I I haven't
I swear to God I have not been in a
comic book store since one more day
which which it was my official last
straw really yeah yeah you gotta get
back in yes it's you know I I like comic
books but it's too expensive a hobby now
that's really true like five bucks an
issue no I'm not doing that you got to
get yourself an iPad yeah cuz they have
you know digital they have digital
networks and subscription plans and all
that whosay what see that's what Lisa
does she loves it comic books it's been
a while since I've been to a comic store
as well I will say that only because
it's got to have expensive which is just
the truth of it it's a it's an expensive
expensive hobby that's that's the only
reason I wouldn't like inoa
controversially during one of the
streams I i recommend somebody not get
into comic books and that's that's not
out of a hate of comic books it's an
expensive hobby it really is Oh mom's
pearl or Liberty Cap okay chat what what
oh my wife
what what happened something happened
what's going on however i talked about
how oh I guess maybe I've never said her
name before well there you go um my
wife's name is lisa i mentioned that
lisa has the Marvel reading app okay
antenna chat was just like Lisa Lisa
it's my wife who's really into comics
and now I'm asking them do I want mom's
pearl or the Liberty Cap me and said no
I need one of them that wasn't he
Oh God being being a vintage music
instrument collector that's got to be a
fucked-up hobby ooh someone tell me what
moms probe gives you soul hearts
sometimes Liberty Cap changes your
mushroom go pearl okay yeah I'd live
with like a soul heart sometimes so I'm
gonna go with pearl thank you what so
harms what do we think of y the last man
or preacher oh you like preacher right I
i adore preacher i want to borrow that
freak of them preacher might be one of
my favorite comic books of all time
that's that's counting the watchman
really yes i mean it's it's really funny
this is a really really dark humor in
preacher some great blasphemy and and
fun some Gras last for me do you find
some blasphemy to be subpar i'm sure
this was probably a subpar blasphemy out
there I've never heard anyone compliment
blasphemy before is I guess I'm saying
hey Jack I'm I'm an atheist nothing no
no and you know I it's not it's not that
it's I've never heard anyone like go out
of the way to say ooh that blast mate
was top-notch cuz it's hysterical
there's the there's the inbred
descendant of Jesus Christ probably
that's probably one of my own apart one
of my favorite story lines in feature
that's really funny um then there's y
the last man which started strong and
ended week it just kind of fizzled at
the end y the last man uh yeah it's it's
a wide colon my last man yeah every
every single last male mammal on earth
dies except for one this one ph called
Yorick oh okay
okay that sounds great what our new
comics said I have no I have no idea
this is a question to the chat like what
what's new in the comics world here you
got what you got here is to you got to
old fogies who at one point loved comic
books right give us recommend to us the
one that we will read one thing and the
only one thing and here's the stakes if
it's garbage we're done with comics
forever I'm not even thinking I'm not
even making that promise this is what
I'm saying I'm saying i will i will read
one thing I wouldn't get into comics
again unless I had a shitload of
disposable income well no what I'm
saying is if it's garbage I give up on
comics for always for you okay right now
it's like yeah I still enjoy comics and
I'll pick up the odd you know Sandman
mystery theater and graphic novel now
and again collection now and again give
me one give me one I would do I work
only in extremes only assist us ass saga
read this sorry did you just make a I
know I'm sorry oh my god there's a new
52 Supergirl I'm so into it oh my god
where's your shoutout face-eating cutie
pie if you are new subscriber thank you
for subscribing I super appreciate it I
apologize if I didn't give you a shout
out i was i was playing a video game if
you think you think that why about that
I just watch you think that you think
they lie about being a new subscriber
you think you think that person just
wanted a second shout out for some
reason I mean they're probably a new
subscribe probably a new subscribers
what I'm saying that's what
that's what I'm saying there is a small
possibility that they are an old
subscriber who we didn't give a shout
out two streams and streams ago but if
you are a new subscriber or an old
subscriber thank you to all subscribers
and a nother thank you to all people who
are watching us just in general thanks
to everybody thanks everyone all the
time how about them okay I have to pay
attention now all right
we got poop Richard got poop we have
lots of poop okay we got poop and we got
things making poop but that's okay we're
dealing with it that's what I do here
you you can deal with the poop i'll just
sit back and watch oh shit i'm dealing
with it dealing with poop one more poop
monster to go one more poop monster to
go get out of here get out of here there
we go I fucking dealt with that poop
monster like a champ great so hard yes
you did you you really cried on that
poop you you go Jack ah what am i
dealing with a toddler you did that poop
good haha did i do my poopy good yes you
did read it I reading it real or bros
rich what is your opinion of me you're
fine you're fine ah yeah I have no
problems with you you're fine you know
what you you're in the you're watching
us and and you you didn't say anything
horribly offensive so you seemed like an
alright dude or like he seemed like an
alright person so at what point did I
become an atheist I don't think I ever
really believed tell you the honest
truth church was something I was always
kind of forced to go with I I never
really got much out of it and always
seemed kinda silly and just wasn't for
me yeah I have nothing against religious
people by the way my atheism is just
it's a personal thing my fiance goes to
church I have no problems with it just
I'm not a believer you can't make
yourself believe and I feel no desire to
believe so i don't i don't know rich
that sounds pretty even-handed and calm
minded
I think you need some more extremist
viewpoints here yeah yeah no it would be
far more fun that way yeah people people
like it one live the two bugs the jar I
think it shake it the bugs fight yeah
agreed yeah cuz that's the that's the
one rule everybody if you remember the
one rule is be excellent to each other
that's the one rule to rule to rule them
all I've heard they're making a third
billeted movie that's I have also heard
that and I'm pretty excited that seems
weird yes they're they're old men mm-hmm
but do those characters is old men
that'll be fun especially like kiano is
now a pretty accomplished actor like oh
sure he's no longer he's no longer Ted
from point blank you know so it's it's
that to me is what to me how Keanu
Reeves is going to play that character
is more fascinating than anything else
you know I went to uh I have there was a
story I was gonna tell I've lost it oh
well okay that was a great story jack Oh
atheism I went to Catholic great school
I don't know if you knew that about me I
I did too for a year and a half all of
my grade school was at Catholic grade
schools so not only not only did we go
to church on Sundays but we got to go to
church during school days to it was
mandatory joy yeah yeah boy no it was uh
it was great it was super fantastic
oh yes believe what you believe be
excellent to each other bill and ted
part 3 you can't do this characters as
old men but that'll just that's the fun
part it won't work it will fail they're
either gonna dirty they're going to be
so different that there's no point in
making a sequel or they'll just it'll be
or they'll act like they did when they
were supposed to be younger and it'll
just be weird I here's what I'll say if
they acted like they did when they were
younger which they won't because if you
remember at the end of Bill and Ted too
they were a little bit older and a
little bit wiser yeah the video but we
have the last five minutes yeah the last
five minutes they were older and wiser
and rock gods you can't you can't have
those characters be mature wouldn't be
the same type of movie you're not making
a billon said comedy film at that point
you're making some kind of bizarre new
thing but there there is there is a
story in there there is a story of older
and wiser Bill and Ted perhaps they have
babies their children maybe they're just
there to usher their children into their
own adventure maybe it's older Bill and
Ted being older and wiser and being
thrown into a situation that they're not
equipped to deal with yet you may as
well do a modern-day sequel to look
who's talking now whether the kids are
both adults and they just talk normally
no that is that I mean you best you may
as well just know rich that would be
ridiculous the
and by ridiculous I mean it's already in
production just from you mentioning it
in this stream someone who's already
working on that movie yeah so
congratulations rich you ruined
Hollywood look look who's talking
because they're an adult and old enough
to talk normally and they do normal
things now the look who's talking just
every single rom-com that's out there
maybe I don't know rom-com I know we'd
rom-com out of that their babies yeah
what the hump um just no because because
the this the main story of look who's
talking is the relationship between John
Travolta and kristie alley it was a
rom-com look who's talking is a rom-com
all right all right yes listen don't
quiz me about rom-com son I hey you're
the undisputed expert of rom coms thank
you thank you thank you that's a lot to
me he's saying gems what do I do oh oh
I've messed up I messed up bridge nope
you know like you know how you do a
modern-day grown up look who's talking
say pole what you cast bruce willis and
you cast him as like an adult baby he's
like he's got one of those fetishes no
no walking around with a diaper no you
can't get that's how you do it no no
that's that's crazytown how can I lose
again I'm totally gonna lose again not
yet no you can't have him it can't be
fetishized but you could have Bruce
Willis as a man-child just as a man who
has no responsibilities or want of
responsibilities that could work okay
okay but is there any point in doing
that as a look who's talking sequel only
for name recognition tie this back into
the bill and ted 3 and how it's weird no
only for name recognition but but bill
and ted's had bill and ted had
characters
they had characters that we cared about
and so seeing where those characters
ended up would be interesting to me as a
fan of the series so so as as a fan of
the the first to just just just let it
lie I don't like I'm i'm taking my
Ghostbusters stance here not that not
that bill and ted is anywhere near as
precious to me as Ghostbusters but my
Ghostbuster stances just let sleeping
dogs lie it's a good movie it'll always
be a good movie and it doesn't need a
follow-up um yes I'm gonna I can agree
with you I much like much like
everything I think there's a world in
which there could be a good Ghostbuster
sequel got guts going nuts just because
Jack fucked up your shoutout I'm gonna
give it to you hey going good guts going
nuts shoutout thank you for becoming a
subscriber what I did a terrible job you
think you know you did great it's great
I mean okay you know great ish it's good
i'm looking back in the stream to win
guts going nuts listen Jax playing right
now I know I needed that ladder I didn't
have enough money to buy the ladder
Jack's playing right now so I can't give
shoutouts I'm sorry because once I start
paying attention to the chat I start
losing and I want to win dammit you got
a lot of hearts yeah i got all my
heart's back I really thought I was
gonna lose but I got all my heart's back
according to octo J they subscribed near
the beginning of this room oh then I'm
sure I give you a shout out or maybe I
didn't I don't know I'm sorry guts going
nuts I like you got to go nuts do you
think Disney will recast Indiana Jones
you get old indeed if they make another
one they'll probably go the recasting
route because everybody hated Crystal
Skull we can only hope yeah well that's
not a one who cares if it's if it's not
you know young Harrison Ford who cares
it's different movie at that point yeah
but that's a movie where it could you
know like James Bond no because there's
there's dozens of generic adventure
movies none of them are Indiana Jones
movies I mean like Alan Highland
quarterman minds what was that one's
there's another knock off I don't know
Ellen quarter minds well it was his name
Ellen's something in the lost yeah
whatever I Machir talking crazy town you
are making up words and sang them as if
they're real words I do that sometimes
most times people don't notice uh I'm
noticing Oh is secret thank you
Ellen quarter mines Quartermain quarter
maybe whatever you whatever I don't give
a shit I mean at the point you're
recasting Harrison Ford it may as well
just be any kind of jerk adventure movie
with with that type of 1930s hero you
know sure sure I mean but it's just it's
an excuse to make an old-school
adventure movie an Indiana Jones you
know but you need to drag the Indiana
Jones name of do it just because okay
well just because just cuz that's the
excuse just like James Bond like you
could have just a spy movie you know
like yeah here's the new spy but James
Bond is the institution like like the
bourne identity which actually did very
well for itself and didn't need to call
us off James Bond anything yeah but I
dislike you can you can make a new
franchise you go you can that is
possible it is I really disliked the
bourne movies and they can be successful
well then out there yeah yeah they can
be uh listen I don't disagree with you I
don't disagree with you I'm just saying
it's not the worst thing in the world
Brandon branding is not the worst thing
in the world yeah but they make it I'm
not gonna give a shit about it it's not
for you to give a shit about for
everyone else alright alright then you
can even come back to the theater and
complain about it and I'll say well what
did you expect well it's one thing it's
one thing if they remake Indiana Jones
in that you know like James Bond like
okay here's the Indiana Jones he's young
and handsome and he's the he's uh I
don't know who's could be a good Indiana
Jones nowadays I don't know Harrison
well not anymore but Harrison Ford is
the only person I can imagine in that
role no like who's that who's the hot
young I don't give a shit you don't get
shit know like what's uh what's that not
good
for that role Harrison Ford made that
fucking roll yeah but like someone like
a like like you're like Peter Venkman
that is not a role you can retest it
does not work that way you know here's
here's my here's my go-to just cuz he's
hot right now like that like you're
Chris you're Chris Pratt's you know
you're star-lord yeah you know he would
make a decent Indiana Jones a little
humor little little suaveness just make
a new franchise and don't call it in the
air Jones that's pointless it's
absolutely pointless that's what gets
the movie made that took off fuck that's
what sells the movie you need you need
to something to sell the movie then you
set yourself up to be compared to the
old Indiana Jones movies so make it as
good ah yeah yeah that's just it just
like that just like that just like that
we just make a good movie I mean it's
easy I've made zero movies and I can
tell you how easy it is oh my god you do
have a pizza roll now fart bubbler are
you a new subscriber if you are thank
you for subscribing we appreciate it by
the way I really like the name fart
bubbler you know I rich why cuz it has
the word fart in it do you remember
American flat you laters hey you know
don't you want a don't ya know I do I
hope I remember how amused I was that
you guys had to watch it and not me in
Indiana Jones was not really a ripoff of
other movies it was a homage it was done
in a similar style other type of movies
there was not an older series from 30s
called you know Indiana Jones Indiana
Jones serials every didn't know I mean
it's not the same sorry that was that
was in response to a a chat person Oh
what did the chapters and say uh Indiana
Jones was ripping off something I came
before in absolute
alright well it would be in it it was a
humanish okay it like much like star
wars indiana jones was a homage to the
adventure cereal yet you know you know
what was different between those other
adventure cereals and indiana jones
Harrison Ford and well no no that's not
fair Harrison Ford Arison Ford was part
of the reason thing that was different
but the real thing that was different
Richard you should know this is budget
sure they they gave corny adventure
serials a budget and a gravitas to match
the budget and they made fantastic
movies like star wars and indiana jones
so if we wanted to recreate that indiana
jones feel what we need to do is find
something that people enjoy that's made
cheaply that or people enjoyed and was
made cheaply 30 years ago and make it
important and with a big budget now so
30 years ago was was what the eighties
that's something like that yes so what
was made what was turned out cheaply in
the 80s what was the new thing of the
80s the 80s wasn't a decade where they
turned out things cheaply it was a
decade where they spent money on things
no I'm sure well but that's the thing
you have to find the thing that they
didn't spend I guess I guess I guess
slasher movies were made cheaply sure
damn it that's the worst powerup I hate
my power up so sure slasher movies that
was an 80s staple absolutely but the
slasher movies existed before that what
did the 80s bring Joe this all you check
I don't know okay I don't know oh god I
don't know either I don't know either
and in films that's right the 80s
invented your teenage coming-of-age film
your risky biz your risky business
you're sixteen Candles your breakfast
clubs there you go your your bill and
ted's there you go so what we need
is for someone to take the coming of age
story seriously and give it a super big
budget your your tits filled Porky's you
know your your comedy sex adventure yeah
this is a horrible idea i hate this is
yeah i'm just i'm just letting you go on
um thank you thank you for letting me go
on but if this is a horrible idea nobody
should do this idea I've never watched a
man dig his own grave before yeah you
know I was I was trying to I was hoping
I could come up with something to prove
a point be like ooh that is a good idea
and I couldn't so you know okay okay
failure is always an option how about
how about the big-budget remake of I
Dream of Jeannie am I dreaming trying to
bring it around full circle Jack trying
to that's this line of thinking that's
incredibly full circle raiders of the
lost ark in 1981 hmm but then you would
just be like if you owe maj Indiana
Jones all you're doing is Oh moshing I
nomas you're making a copy of a copy
well on you couldn't come up with
something because the 80 sucked gremlins
Indiana Jones Robocop a predator
terminator predator everything good came
out of the 80s we're recycling the 80s
now oh absolutely absolutely are yeah
you know what grandpa suture gremlins
creature films this is what we need rich
Creed quite hard Oh die hard you mean
the best movie ever made everything good
came out of the 80s 80s are one of the
best decades for movies in my opinion
absolutely
oh oh okay that helped that actually
helped I did something that helped yeah
creature rubber puppet monster movies we
need someone to take a rubber puppet
monster movie seriously like gremlins
like gremlins which was already taken
seriously in gremlins boucher who tears
up fucky I'll take that you know what
you're absolutely right did gremlins
have a mammogram Mullins had a decent
budget all right gremlins nailed it with
thee yeah Oh taking it seriously and
having a decent budget all right just
let's just watch gremlins how about that
that sounds like a fantastic idea
what fuck oh just dying I know you're
not seeing it yet oh it's not doing well
but there's a rook I'll assume you're
gonna pull through and be this game with
you that's just that's the Assumption
I'm working under right now I think
that's a great assumption let's make
that let's all make that assumption fuck
except for it's totally not gonna happen
because I'm fucking dying fuck oh nope
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right now
I'm sorry no no I'm not dead yet coming
it's coming cojiro no I might make it
might just make it
rich why am I so bad at video games
that's a question that needs to be asked
cuz you're an adult defensed I've been
not bad at this video game before I have
proof that I have been not been good at
this video game before smelter wedge and
Nia laughs at your name shutout for
subscribing smelter wedging Leffler eous
something-something name pronounced name
yeah that'd like a very fancy name let's
got like 18 syllables oh my god i can i
can i can make out smelter smelter wedge
in all melted wedge in all of us there
where else spare there Oh smelter wedge
in all of us smelter why'd you in all of
us that's a that's a decent name yeah
rolls right off the tongue by the way
where it's rich what's it like working
with Mike uh depressing just just
horribly depressed Richard played Xena
not yet uh no not not in the last 15
minutes i have not right adults we've
already talked about rich and his
playing of Xena knots rich I'll avenge
11-fold would like a shout-out for being
an educator in the American school
system shout out to of what is it
avenged 11 folds 11e fold for being an
educator in the American school system
please try and do a better job in the
future please we need you to nicely yeah
maybe you have a better idea than anyone
it exactly how fucked we are do you know
how fucked we are avenged 11 fallen the
the answer is very by the way say there
now they're there they're asking about
Xena not even more no no of course there
yeah yeah I mean that's the that's the
joke now they got their joke now fuck
get out of here get out of here get out
of here get out of here get out of here
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck oh I need a
better power of bridge oh yes you do go
get a better power object I can why not
these runs don't have power up rooms if
they'll play up play a normal run I'm
doing the challenges I'm doing the
challenges they're more challenging
I I quite honestly just I do not have
drug stories tell you I hips literally
zero drug stories because I'm a
teetotaler so a teetotaler it's been a
while since I've heard anyone faith it
usually usually referred to somebody who
doesn't drink right but for me I i use
it because i haven't done drugs or drink
so you know that makes you that makes
you a mega teetotaler it makes me all
the Tia's total or whoever total the tea
nice that makes me the Boston teetotaler
party does that make any sense no that
made perfect sense i loved it a total
teetotaler party yeah he's one bomb get
to yes late lady teetotaler look at me
nice I can't take credit for that that
was a chat coming oh well he teetotaler
the cat lady by who said that I don't
know if somebody said it before but home
hometown markup said that well it's a
good one that was a good that's a good
rip shit get him flies get him Huck Huck
Oh fucking dying I fucking died ah my
mic awful I I have not been coughing
this much just maybe it's cuz I'm
talking loud yeah like yella yes it buck
ridge I died
I'm really upset I'm really upset with
how poor i'm doing i'm up i'm completely
neutral the hub for you're doing less
fine I feel I feel like I'm failing the
game I feel like I'm failing once yeah
and that's that's more important so not
true Richard you should feel good rich
we're living the dream Oh whose dream I
don't know but we're living in Oh do you
know what story I was gonna tell look
Mike Kim Kardashian story okay yes
you're ready I remember that from eight
hours ago remember that for me two hours
ago I have I have a Kim Kardashian story
and this is why by the way I give I re I
won I respect Kim Kardashian for her
crude and amazing business sense and two
I think Kim Kardashian is a lovely lady
so here's my kim kardashian story okay
we were doing this video it was a high
it was one of the high five montages it
was high five Super Bowl and at the time
Kim Kardashian was dating a good
footballer named Reggie Bush who was
playing in the Super Bowl okay so as
we're in we're in Miami for the super
bowl this will give you an idea of the
year whenever the Super Bowl was in
Miami we're in Miami and our job to make
this video it was the video consisted of
two guys high-fiving and then whenever
we could we would get a celebrity or an
athlete in the video and people were
down there for the superbowl so Kim
Kardashian is down in Miami because
Reggie Bush is in the Super Bowl or in
the Pro Bowl or something I forget
doesn't matter yeah our people talk to
her people and she says yes I will be in
your high five video but we need to we
need
to film it in this shop in a certain
part of miami and of course we say
absolutely because kim kardashian is a
big name we will go anywhere you need us
to go in Miami and as it turns out the
shop was owned by one of her sisters it
was there like boutique fashion shop and
the you know part of that is like okay
you know we filming the shop and they
see that in the video that's good
business sense right mmm and we film our
little bit with her where the guys high
five and she's in it and I've never
found him before this I've never found
Kim Kardashian to be particularly
attractive because I've only seen her on
TV and on magazine covers but seeing
that woman in real life rich okay god
damn she is a very attractive lady and
and by the way I still see her like on
magazines and don't find her attractive
but in person maybe it was maybe it was
heard just her pheromones but she's
putting out but what is her orders her
personality like who gives a fuck I I do
jack because I'm not a mindless the
Ender tall ok ok I I want a woman that
eigen respect in the morning hey rich
mehdi Morris mehdi Morris thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it um
here's the thing i'm sure she's a decent
person i don't care if she was a decent
person I've I'm talking purely on a look
spaces I I've never found her attractive
but seeing her in person she's a very
attractive lady um so you know we get
our shots done with her but her business
sense goes beyond just having us film
the video in the store because as we are
walking out of the store suddenly there
is paparazzi everywhere and they weren't
there when we showed up you know we
showed up before her and and set up our
shot and you know make sure that it
would be
a quick five minutes cuz that's what we
promised all celebrities it'll just be
five minutes as we leave all the
paparazzi's they're there taking
pictures she she does her thing and
leaves right now we're down and we're
talking to the paparazzi it's like how
the hell did you guys know and they say
oh you know her she told us she told us
where she would be and I'm sure that's
information that they you know was not
normally that they would give up what
they saw that we were also filming
something so not only did she get
placement of our video of her sisters
boutique but she got paparazzi's to take
her picture in front of her boutique I'm
sure they tweeted about where they were
shooting these pictures at it was all a
business thing to get people to know
where her sisters shop was in Miami okay
okay and oh that kind of business smarts
has to be respected okay you know she
has a brand she understands how it works
she when the video came out she tweeted
it she did well by the video she's a
decent lady so Kim Kardashian decent
lady smart business lady that's all I
got yeah I want to interject us a whole
bunch of people in the chat now yeah
they're defending Neanderthals truth
about Neanderthals is that they weren't
dumb but they were sweet sensitive and
kind so apparently i'm not politically
correct because i just insulted and your
Tulsa I love it yeah yeah ah well there
you go there's nothing else you need to
know hey guys that's why Kim
Kardashian's story she's a fine lady and
and and by the way Jax theme song is is
anaconda everyone is everyone is making
assumptions that because I find Kim
Kardashian to be attractive I'm an ass
man and those assertions are correct
absolutely and yes I will play FTL now
we're gonna play FTL oh my god okay oh
thank god right right but first let's
all wish Isaac a happy birthday for
anyone who has not bought the binding of
isaac it is under a dollar on Steam
right now go fucking behind 474 cents
it's great