Episode 081
Jack & Rich Chat (Part 1) Solitaire
October 15, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbtcDYmErWc
___________________________________________

oh that's fantastic don't you think yes
yes I guess we should wait for some kind
of confirmation from the shed and we are
audible this is loading video so that's
really good
sorry just business what's gonna hammer
we just chatting along I see if
solitaire up that's wonderful that's
just wonderful
so guys I landed I landed in Milwaukee
about an hour ago and and I get home I
got home maybe a half an hour ago after
and we're gonna talk about what all
happened with Rich's crazy debacle time
but I've been spending this time like I
wanted to show you something on the
screen and so I I thought I could just
do some like Photoshop stuff and be
really funny like that but that would
mean streaming on my Mac end and there
was all sorts of craziness and so I'm
just gonna play solitaire I don't think
there's even gonna be like any sound for
you guys except for us talking you guys
rich yes I tried what happened with your
computer well what happened was before I
had a chance to test any of the software
out you sent out a tweet saying that I
was going to stream tonight
that's what happened Jack I confirmed
with you and you said you were tweeting
it said I was going to try to stream I
said I wanted I was gonna download the
software we could take a little Mike let
me play around with this we'll see what
happens mom okay and then I I played
around with it and I know I try to think
you're gonna tweet it out III have to
keep the peep okay I'm not mad at you
but you know III was getting everything
set up and then I went to your preview
stream and I was just getting a frozen
image FFT l mmm and that kept happening
I thought well maybe it'll be different
if I do a test stream maybe it's maybe
it's streaming maybe just weird with the
preview I didn't know mmm III I tried to
stream then the computer it didn't crash
it just shut off that's the most like
mazing part I know like like it was like
power outage isolated to my computer
shut off didn't shut down it just shut
off I thought well well that's odd
so I restarted the computer mm-hmm let's
try streaming again the according to the
chat what they were saying was half the
screen of FTL as a freeze-frame with me
talking and then my computer shut itself
off again and I think open broadcaster
might be melting my CPU so at at that
point I gave up even trying to get it to
work because I don't want to be without
a computer right I try a solo stream
someday but I will need a new computer
sure this thing I built this myself like
five and a half years ago so it's it's
not up to stuff anymore
that's a that's okay but no I've been
chatting with everybody you have do you
have been honest I think everyone really
appreciates that from you I I opened the
chat up to some mass effect questions oh
my god you guys have been talking
finally got to grill me about Mass
Effect and then you miss my Batman rant
you have a Batman rant I had a Batman
rant old school classic rent yeah here's
here's here's the gist of it okay okay
cuz you know the Batman vs. spider-man
from that other stream came up oh sure
and I said you know Batman would be the
spider-man well this time I said that
spider-man is a more realistic and
believable character than Batman and you
know you might you might look at that
and say that's crazy these things the
walls yeah and he jumps 20 feet straight
up and and and he can lift cars
how could Spiderman ever be a more
realistic character than Batman those
are all fine questions my argument is
this okay
with spider-man you're you're making one
suspension of disbelief one yet you have
to buy
the powers and other than that
spider-man is a fully realized
believable character Batman is a a 12
year old kid who watched his parents
died he's also a millionaire super
genius hmm and despite watching just
like what would you think what happened
to a 12 year old millionaire who watched
to this billionaire who watched his
parents die what would they do what
would their reaction be as a human being
you know they would probably spend their
fortune attempting to drink they're
exactly what I said they would
eventually become an alcoholic or a
hedonist and they would try to drown
their pain away
absolutely but as a 12 year old Batman
has the the forethought to to not only
not be adopted I've read one explanation
once that he cluttered as a
twelve-year-old cluttered the system up
with paperwork so he wouldn't be adopted
I thought in the alfred alfred adopted
I'm kind of I'm sure you know they
rewrite history constantly with DC so
I'm sure both of those stories have been
true at some point and then the the the
fortitude as a young child to train
diligently for 10 years to become an
absolute expert in karate and ninjutsu
forensic science chemistry all of that
just punch 10 years completely dedicated
to that task then he comes home he is
able to manufacture bat gadgets a bat
car and and build a high-tech
headquarters underneath his mansion
without anybody noticing any of this and
then he decides the best way to fight
crime is to dress up like a giant bat
and who wears his under roof outside of
his tights he spent 10 years so he could
dress up like a giant bat this is not is
any kind of a believable character I
have never
heard it put so eloquently rich Evans
everyone big round of applause to
Richard I love Batman
it's just ironically even though he
doesn't have superpowers he is a less
believable realistic character than
spider-man that is my argument and I
think it's perfect I think I think
you're absolutely right like if you can
believe the the magic science that is if
you get bitten by a radioactive spider
you get spider like powers if you can
believe that that's the one suspension
of disbelief you're making yeah yeah
there's like 80 sleeps with Batman I
know you know what I've just never
thought about it like that and and I
kind of love it everybody it's just
something that happens I usually play
with Vegas rules which is pretty
hardcore like I'm hardcore solitaire
[Laughter]
been flying all day I've been day
drinking we've been we've been we've
been flying all day where I came from
Houston Texas today and I'm not I'm not
mentally prepared for you being so
hardcore at solitaire that you play by
different rules you know what you know
what I was doing this morning I watched
a goddamn polo match do you know what
that is that's guys on horses hitting a
sunny ball with a stick why did you do
that cuz that was where the that was
where the day after wedding party was it
was at a Polo Club okay well you know I
like baseball and some people think
that's weird sorry I think both are
weird the horses were cool though like
it was neat
you hit a ball with the stick and then
they got on a plane and I came here and
you play hardcore solitaire and rant
about Batman I'm worried about Batman
and this is just this is just the life
I'm leading right now and I'm coming to
terms with that how was your trip it was
wonderful wonderful I did not get a bola
I was I think it ball was in Dallas and
I was near Houston look can I tell you a
story about for that for the record sad
because some people don't know jack is
playing some rich that's not me it's not
me who's Jack no guys go on Jack is
playing because riches computer is so
old
running man broadcaster hack to the
planet no I have I have one story we
were I was not I was not mentally
prepared for how far away from a city
the wedding was gonna be you know like
they said Houston and I don't know if
you know anything about Houston but it
is about to overtake Chicago as the
third-largest city in America it's huge
there's a sprawl going on there oh yeah
and so in my mind my wife and I can land
we don't need to worry about a rental
car or just Cabot or you know like it's
a bunch of family was a family wedding
and so it's like someone would give us a
ride everywhere because you know or will
Cabot or will Ober it a love Ober
but the wedding was an hour and a half
outside of Houston and so we are
Bumblefuck know yeah and so and you know
we're basically trapped until we can
find rides from family which it works
out all weekend but but going to the
airport we have to go right from the
Polo Club to the airport and so I call a
car service like a taxi wouldn't even
come out to where we were that's how far
we were hmm right to call a car service
and I called this car service I called
one car service and they give me an
insane price yeah
wait way too much so much more money
my god wait there's this is there so oh
I'm out of ramen thank you for
subscribing for me playing solitaire oh
you know who else subscribed I got a I
got a private message someone subscribed
when we weren't streaming doc horror
okay I have a little note here in my
computer he wanted he wanted a an
official shoutout so I'm out of ramen
and doc horror thank you both for
subscribing we super appreciate it
so we call I call one car service and
I'm not happy with the price I called
the next car service on the Google Maps
list right and they they answer the
phone like this like let's say you're
running a business right like like let's
say that rich Evans you run rich Evans
watch repair service okay let's pretend
we're gonna play a little game of
pretend you run a cup repair service I'm
called watch repair service a watch
repair service okay okay all right now
I'm gonna call you up how do you have
any phones a ring ring ring ring hello
watch repair service rich speaking how
can I help you
that's a lovely way to answer the phone
rich thank you thank you any business
should answer their phone with the name
of that business mhm so this is what I
get when I call the second car place
yeah what's going on that's awesome
that's very Texas right and I was like
hi is this car service yeah okay I'd
like to schedule a car we're going from
this zip code to the airport and you
have about an estimate on that and you
know he gave me a much better price a
half price of the other car service so
it's like okay and you know like I'm
checking his reviews online and he has
these interviews and I'm doing great but
you know he's very gruff and very stern
and so then I get to the point I was
like oh okay great yeah schedule the car
great oh by the way do you accept credit
cards cuz you know some taxis some car
services don't accept credit cards so my
question to him is do you accept credit
cards and his answer is right now we got
the worst president in American history
[Laughter]
yes I still have a coffin oh my god I
there was nothing in that was his answer
to that and I said excuse me
and he goes you know we've been in this
business for 20 years and it used to be
about 80% of people paid with cash and
10% paid with credit card now everybody
pays with critical we don't even accept
cash anymore because you know we're
getting taxed up the wazoo and
everybody's got credit cards nobody
trusts cash anymore this don't think
that's what's going on but okay by the
way I don't think the president has
anything to do with preferring to pay
with credit cards but you know like
that's fine also possibly not an
appropriate rant to go on when talking
to a customer yeah yeah I think I lost
this out there and so and you know but
his price was so good where I was just
like okay yeah you did you go girl I
hate that president yeah pretty much cuz
what else are you gonna say uh I just it
was it was everything in Texas is so
very strange okay I got it I got it I
got to redo this game I'm sucking I'm
sorry well you should have pledged you
should have played checkers I should
have played checkers you should have
played checkers you know I'm just like I
can never play checkers why not you're
too good at checkers well we wouldn't be
playing against each other
I know I would I would shame myself in
front of you so in any case that's
that's my big Texas story because you
know right now we got the worst
president ever in the United States
history like do you accept credit cards
[Laughter]
the exes or are you exhausted from
flights and headaches so so very
exhausted and I can imagine you know
like and then it doesn't help you know
it's I'm on vacation I'm
I'm watching polo and last night was the
wedding it was a gorgeous wedding and
one of my very best friends in the world
my cousin Jake got married I don't even
know if you know this rich Evans my
cousin Jake and I were born ten days
apart I did not know that this is a
little thing about me and my cousin Jake
we were born ten days apart we've spent
every single day together growing up and
so one of my very best friends getting
married to a lovely lady was it are you
playing at are you playing FTL well
while I'm playing solitaire no I thought
I heard FTL in the background I think
you're crazy I might be pretty crazy any
case' lovely ceremony you know you use a
wedding you drink and so the best cure
for a hangover while watching polo is
drinking more and when you start
drinking in the beginning of the day
it's just it wears you out for the rest
of the day oh that's the solitaire
solitaire noises rich that's what's
happening oh okay okay so you know then
you're you're drinking and and I slept a
little bit on the car ride over and yeah
I'm a little off that's okay you know
what you know what settles me down after
a hard day what checkers takes the edge
off takes a good job I don't believe you
it up taking lessons
you've been taking checkers checkers
lessons god damn it that's funny
oh here we go here we go man we're gonna
we're gonna win the streak right here
we're getting there
oh hey know when I started playing
checkers recently I was like it was like
oh this is just a time killers point
Jefferson is free thing our checkers oh
yeah I'll play that
and I just kind of wondered it was you
know was that really more to checkers is
just a simple is it like just a bigger
version of tic-tac-toe or is there a
deeper checkers strategy so you know I
went looking online and what to you - it
also gonna just see all checkers videos
and there's just one guy these videos
entertain me to no end and they
shouldn't they have no right to this guy
called calls himself checkers cycle okay
and like he does these videos and you
never see his face it's just from like
like the neck or shoulders down and he's
got his checkerboard on the table and it
sounds like the start of like a horror
story is like the videos online you
never saw his face but is really weird
nerdy guy and he treats checkers like it
was Jesse like he talks about like great
checkers champions who played the
checkers game and and like with the
board on the table on camera he like
recreates the games like the moves that
these people made and he panted mimes
with his hands like he's thinking about
what he's going to do next as he's
replaying a game that happened like 40
years ago this can't be true this sense
of me and it it's absolutely fascinating
to me here's the secret triple jump you
can find when they do the Bill ferd
opening and the Bill fir'd open it goes
like and it's just weird seeing an adult
tree checkers that way sometimes
sometimes he'll he'll recreate games as
like fictional characters like this is
grandpa versus the champ
woman grandpa's first I'm not kidding
and sometimes it's like you'll hear a
wife in the background on the phone when
he he doesn't he doesn't edit the videos
when he does music he's got like a radio
nearby and he'll turn on like the tape
recorder
it'll play like I have a tiger for a bit
before he starts oh my god
I love them this sounds like gold right
here it is that's great
wait nerds like Star Trek it's true I
like Star Trek okay I'm moving my
microphone you guys might hear funny
things Oh someone is telling you not to
make fun of the Buford opening it's a
classic move I knew the five of hearts
is there I just can't do anything with
it Chad okay I can't I don't got any
moves how do I feel about chess I'm not
patient enough for chess No which just
be odd because an XCOM I like taking my
time but and in chess I like move too
fast and I won't look at all the moves
and I'll fuck up and I'm absolutely
terrible terrible yeah you know some
people get like the special math of
chess and I do not I'll tell you that I
know how yeah Jesus Christ race I well a
part of that is my screaming into the
microphone but sure whatever I get sick
I the cough lingers for about a month
oh my god every video we do a month from
now I'm still gonna be coughing I feel
fine mmm absolutely fine I just have
that coffin it's not gonna go away
you gotta get that Obamacare dawg yeah
yeah except for I didn't know but we
have the worst president Oh were you
gonna make that joke yeah credit card
check credit cards sorry
no no no in a way I stepped on you but
you're gonna do that it's okay
we'd both ruin that joke
that's true take Jake's team effort to
ruin a joke like that right cuz it was
pretty gold before I just plain south
there it's a man's game right here cards
I I just I just want something in the
background I'm just gonna you know what
I'm gonna stop playing so today I'm just
gonna talk to you guys hey I was the
porn shoot in Texas I did not shoot porn
in Texas went to a wedding I heard
stories about a friend of mine going uh
getting some business done in the cow
pasture I like that that's why I like
having single friends they tell me
stories about their business that's why
I have single friends they tell you
stories here's a really good fight it
was a really good fun time got to got a
new suit cuz I stood up in the wedding
and I was a groomsman okay and they did
something really smart which was they
had us all buy a suit as like for my
wedding I had all my groomsmen rent
tuxedos and tuxedo rental is kind of
expensive and so like they're just like
if you're gonna be spending money why
not spend it on something you can wear
later and so we all coordinated and
bought us us similar suit and then but
now I have a new suit which I'm really
happy about well it's nice oh we got a
t-shirt you got to you here I have a
t-shirt oh that's great yeah yeah also
guys we can discuss or we can't really
discuss the latest best of the worst cuz
I have not seen the end of it it went up
over the weekend when I was in tears
they're very upset that you picked
theodoric's they haven't seen it they
haven't seen it they haven't seen any of
the movies we talked about but they're
very upset that you picked the it rx
you need to see theater ranks I stand by
my decision I stand by it
because wait who won best of the worst
for that one right she's poised Oh Timmy
Timmy tell me in the t-rex and Tammy the
t-rex is fine that's a very deserving
movie to win Tammy and the t-rex Tammy
and the t-rex is plot made too much
sense
[Laughter]
well that's but nothing else made sense
no no it all made toys the tone didn't
make any sense yeah but it was like that
wasn't it wasn't as fun it's weirder it
wasn't as disturbing to me as Theodore
Rex like Theodore Rex is a special movie
did we destroy any tape for that one
you don't Rex oh did we destroy Theodore
Rex we did two copies of it did you get
oh did you did that after I left yeah oh
my god you assholes you horrible
assholes
Theodore lost just because something
loses doesn't mean we have to destroy it
it was the the Council of four and and
three of us decided that that Theodore
Rex needed to die guys are jerks and
assholes Theodore Rex is a special movie
theater Rex is it a glorious example of
a big-budget movie falling apart in
front of your eyes oh you're horrible oh
yeah I defend my pick of Theodoric's
that's fine I defend all right happy
birthday rich Evans you're a little bit
early a little bit early but I
appreciate the sentiment that's right
it's getting close I know that we've
been talking about what we want to do
with Halloween best of the worst but I'm
not gonna talk about that no about that
save that
and just just FYI because every now and
then I get comments asking me about it
the Showbiz Pizza bear thing was not
planned
that is genuine shock on our faces once
he shows up in in trick-or-treat
absolutely and I'm wearing the same
shirt I wasn't that picture that was
just a weird amazing thing yes we and
we're never going to be able to top that
and here we want to find something fun
to do with the Halloween episode we
don't know what for sure something we
want to try to do we don't know if we
can do it yet it's it's and you know it
was it was a coincidence because we
weren't if we weren't originally going
to film on that day yeah and then it
just so happened that we you know we
changed the day we were gonna film it
happened to be a birthday they quickly
got the t-shirt made because it was
gonna be a birthday so like you the the
the part of it being your birthday was
the last-minute addition to the episode
we already have the movies picked out
every so it's like 100% a coincidence a
lovely coincidence and it's unfortunate
because we could never be that clever
well no if you try to do that though it
loses its magic what's magic about that
is the coincidence the fact that it's
not planned that it just happened and
how weird that is if you if you plan
that out if you faked that it loses
everything I agree with you it's no
longer this special moment it is and it
was special yeah I agree I went back to
playing solitaire
mostly because I'm falling asleep and
that's okay okay let's see what God was
trying to tell you something
gobbledygook so what was God trying to
tell rich with the Showbiz Pizza bear
that we needed three with that we need
pizza
[Laughter]
someone is asking how long it takes to
do an episode of best of the worst
and I think about this before but yeah
like 12 hours we usually get together at
eleven twelve and then two hours later
Mike shows up zing he's very late all
the time and then yeah we watch all
three movies do the we do the intro
back-to-back watch all three movies
back-to-back do the discussion and then
do the destruction yeah
well lately lately we've been doing the
destruction later jor we used to do it
the same night blast ten episodes we've
done it later I think it's been a while
but yeah well yeah because you couldn't
I because I wouldn't let you destroy
Theodoric so you had to wait until I
left you bunch of jerks Jack it'll live
on in your heart I you know Rex you guys
is and I don't know if this ended up in
the final headed Theodore Rex hurt my
brain really hurt my brain I got a
headache watching that movie that's how
incredibly insane it is it was it was an
intense Oh Thank You octo Jay after Jay
says that my semi charmed life thing was
brilliant fun facts about my semi
charmed kind of life bit is you know JJ
did not tell me who's doing it did you
said oh we're gonna you know he just
went into the 90s thing and that was the
first 90s thing that popped into my head
it was a dude dude dude dude did it do
later when Jay was sinking that with the
song I was on rhythm perfectly according
to Jay so that song is so engrained in
my head that I was on rhythm here I'll
do it again
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot
doot-doot
doo-doo-doo-doo it's perfect on rythm so
what what you're saying is you're the
opposite of me yes I have rhythm I have
music rich has none even every ever had
every time I've tried it's it's been a
disaster I think they've had to call in
the National Guard are you um I'm
thinking about this just cuz I've just
had a wedding are you uh are you a
dancer you when you go to weddings do
you go to the dance floor and bust a
move
no I could tap dance you want me to tap
dance now entertain you know what I want
what I can do is dance goofy okay and it
makes my fiance laugh and smile okay
sorry now and then I'll do it just
because I like it when she laughs and
smiles sure is she a dancer like maybe
if you went to a wedding or a party or
something is she like getting you out on
the dance floor or is she just going
with friends and you you think I I
assume she can't dance because she is
not once ever asked me to try so perhaps
she just likes you that much well maybe
maybe that's all right I got nothing
