Episode 083
Guacamelee - No Death Attempt (Part 1.1)
October 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc7IyqDV_qA
___________________________________________

am i connected to the Internet
yeah that's always question number one
is am I connected to the Internet I had
the answers yes oh it's working it's
working it's working
I'll and her to the work and yeah yeah
guys this was not us I we were trying to
stream earlier I had we had a lovely
little bit about doing whatever you want
all the time but that be advocated
murder it was great it really was it was
a very funny little bit and now it's
gone and dead forever and that's a shame
before we get started playing can I
defend Theodore Rex for me people are
very upset about this people are people
were so upset that I wanted theater
excellent yeah something that I did you
know super upset something that I
thought I wonder if it was helped by the
fact that I'm like flipping you off for
pink you know clearly doing that for
comedy stuff where people are like you
can tell them they're really mad at each
other
never Theodore Rex my friendship my
friendship with jag is not gonna be
compromised by what we Goulburn Wow well
we don't know that yet
I guess it's might yeah maybe I
shouldn't make that claim too early go
for it still makes no sense to me
so the Whoopi Goldberg could end up
becoming the Yoko Ono I don't come
between everybody
Whoopi start going out with her it'll
make everything awkward even by the way
it wouldn't several ways if I started
taking over you'll start talking about
making a sequel the Theodore Rex with
her about doing it right this time so I
think there's a there's obviously
there's a huge budgetary difference
between Theodore Rex and Tammy and the
t-rex and it was that budgetary
difference that made Theodore Rex even
more income
pensive aware where everything in tamii
the t-rex even though it was insane I
understood their insanity like you know
we started to figure out that the movie
was trapped down sure we started to
figure out that it did have comedic
overtones you know like they were trying
to make a comedy whereas in something
with as large a budget as Theodore Rex
there should have been people to stop
this Jack everything you've just said
has been wrong
well Whoopi Goldberg did try to jump
ship that's true we found that out yes
she tried to leave the project and they
sued her yeah we like we like going into
these movies borned and because of that
sometimes we don't find out some of
these interesting facts until it's too
late
yes that's true right right the guy who
wrote Theodore Rex is the same guy who
wrote The Last Starfighter is what
they're saying internally huh that's
awesome
long voice our fighter makes sense long
way down
yeah but that's one of those things who
knows how much interference there was
who knows yeah you know there could be
uncredited rewrites all that you never
know oh yeah all right so I'm gonna play
guacamelee here yeah and I'm going to
attempt a no death run and I will fail
miserably but that that will be
attempted an ode so so whatever but you
have specific room when you die and a
little skull and crossbones pops up
around you right there's a little like
when you following the green water you
just gotta go poof and you go back and
allege in the scene you know that's it's
not around as a death I'm not gonna
count that because this happened there's
so many opportunities for that to happen
man it's just one tiny bud saying I'll
try to avoid it sure but that's almost
certainly not gonna happen I will try to
avoid those two I'm not gonna like
deliberately jump into lava but but
specifically it's when we see this skull
skull and crossbones yes that's true
because when you fall into the lava
water or the green water you don't see
the skull and crossbones yes sure okay
you do when you fall under the orange
lava it's really weird that is really
weird I'm gonna actually take a moment
here and update I forgot that
we're doing your no death run it's gonna
take a little moment here update this
dream in place but attempted please put
down attempted bitch update okay the
stream is officially updated oh my lord
a normal heart rates normal
if I'm gonna go for no death run here
let's be a let's must be fair come on
what's fair with no death run I don't
even know go ahead normal sin a heart no
okay all right now that this dream is
official My Fair you mean doing it the
easy way
yeah person Yoda was wrong there is
definitely a try I guess so yeah little
it leave some long enough people to read
they want to read
they don't skip it but you know I don't
scared of it I don't end will not skip
alright it's not in my nature
what if you were playing a theater or
recs video game would you skip the
cutscene silent I would skip the game I
[Laughter]
suppose they were planning on a video
game planned as a franchise for like a
guarantor like the Super Nintendo
there's a half-completed Theodore Rex
game out there somewhere Oh also can you
guys um can you guys in the stream like
hear the game and obviously you hear us
talking but can you hear the game as
well you should be able to just to make
sure that everything's running as
smoothly as possible theoretically this
was a pretty smooth setup as compared to
up the other so not tons of technical
problems yeah yeah I guess
well I'll talk to people great the
levels are fine
great great alright aren't luchador is
fantastic luchador sir unless they're
played by Jack Black
oh you know what I have yet to give that
movie a real try I didn't think I
watched the whole thing
I ain't up me too
I gave up but I you know what playing a
game like this actually makes me want to
watch what was it called uh nacho libre
it makes me want to watch it again
because I think I think they basically
just got too deep with it I think that
they were so engrained in like that sort
of like Mexican which door a culture
that the jokes didn't translate hmm well
playing this makes me want to watch that
I'd have to really watch that is there
everything and it was really dumb
juvenile huh hmm hello Draco is saying
it's better than you'd think but not
great yeah well okay there we go yes
what's what's new what's new anything
oh yeah Jack how was your wedding well
my wedding was fantastic - oh yeah yeah
I must immerse in your family talking
about going to a wedding on the street
but oh no we talked about it a little
bit I something you might not know his
rich attempted a solo stream a rich solo
stream on Sunday Oh
because I was flying back from Texas
right um and rich trying to stream
melted his computer oh not really
my my computer didn't crash but it died
twice okay like like it didn't get a
blue screen of death I didn't shut
itself down better just turned itself
off oh wow a Schmo smites Haim thanks
for subscribing super appreciate I'm
sorry your name is tough to pronounce
smite Simon I think that's a decision
when you decide to give yourself that
screen name you understand going in
people might not be able to pronounce it
absolutely knew what they were doing
absolutely so so rich kind of failed but
rich kind of pamphlet streaming but was
in the chat with people okay and so I
got home at like 11 o'clock 10 o'clock
at night and just started streaming just
so we could chat to give to give people
something to listen serious some sort of
content of course I was way out of it
but traveling all day from traveling all
day not only traveling all day that
morning the after wedding party was that
a Polo Club though so we got to watch an
actual polo match okay it was awesome
that sounds horribly boring yeah well
you know it's more of you just talking
with you're hanging out with these
people talking with your family and
hanging out and drinking and that and oh
what I'll tell my apologize for anyone
who's there on Sunday I'm gonna retell
this story but Jay hasn't heard it yet
and I really like this story we call the
car service to quit take us to the
airport on Sunday okay and we call one
car service and we got a really awful
price and so we called around the next
car service gave us half of that price
yes all right well fine with this price
and we were way out in the middle
Bumblefuck Texas okay go ahead you have
a question there no oh I was just I'm
thinking about Texas which makes me
think about it
the Ebola virus so you didn't bring that
back with you did you
absolutely rich is leaving now the Ebola
was in Dallas and I was near Houston how
far away is that
I haven't I mean it's text I know Texas
is big so this is you okay and you can
only contract Ebola by touching bodily
fluids of an Ebola patient
yes that's true so I did you know what I
didn't touch anybody's bottling fluids
marrow so having Ebola is like a mega
super power you get lethal spit it's the
work super problem yeah that would be
the bad aspects of it outweigh the good
yes so no I did not bring back Ebola
okay so anyway car service car service
so I call the I call the car service and
I'll play the same game with you that I
played with rich okay Jay um you are
going to let's see
you are working the phones at a
haberdashery okay a place that makes
hats okay okay and I'm gonna call your
habit a shirt okay let's so we can think
of a name for it Jays hats Jays hats
right keep it simpler okay so I'm gonna
call you ready okay ring ring hello Jays
hats how can I help you that's a great
way to answer the phone jack I did a
much better job you did it simple
because they don't want to listen to me
talk they just want to get to what they
want but they want to make sure that
they're calling the right place any
business if you answer the phone for
that business you need to answer with
the business name yes absolutely
so I called his car service and he goes
yeah what's going on is this so so car
service yeah yeah all right you know I
give all the information where we need
to be picked up where we're going me
give me the code it's a good quote yeah
and I was like great that's this there's
no problem Oh see at this time oh by the
way do you accept credit cards simple
question yeah do you accept credit cards
I honestly I probably wouldn't even
think to ask that cuz I just assume
everybody takes credit cards now but
I've I've run into problems with taxis
before word like a taxi driver will give
me all sorts of shit oh okay I'm having
cash um yeah yeah just I want a double
check okay and okay so do you accept
credit cards yes right now we got the
worst president in the history of the
United States of America that's what he
said in response see do you take credit
card yes buddy how do you respond to
that
alright because we've been in business
for 20-some years it used to be 80% paid
with cash and just a few paid with
credit card now everybody's paying with
credit card rate
taxation are going through the roof
thanks to Obama Wow
and you know of course I wanted to say I
don't think that presidents had much to
do with that yeah I think it has more to
do with the convenience but you know
whatever yeah more people use credit
cards now than they did 20 years ago
the kicker is uh I as we're getting out
the driver was fantastic we actually
slept most of the way to the airport
because we've been day drinking but the
driver was really great and you know I
get out my credit card I was like oh
yeah I have a credit card don't worry
about that Oh cuz the guy said we don't
even accept cash anymore oh we have the
phone says we don't even take cash
anymore it's not worth nothing oh wow
so it's like alright fine so I tell the
driver like oh I have my credit card
don't worry he's like don't worry that's
like yeah cuz the guy on the phone said
you don't take cash anymore he looks at
me well as if as if I've told him I'm
about to pay with mean rocks and he's
like of course we take cash he's like
it's cash this is just a random guy that
was hanging out of that building I
decided to answer the phone he's not
connected with the establishment is hot
maybe and I was like Oh heads up there's
the guy who's answering the phone that
says you know take cash and he's like
and he just nodded as if he knew exactly
who that was that's Buford mm-hmm he
does that but huh Buford's got special
me he works with us on the weekends you
think do you think the only reason that
guy took that job is so he could bitch
about his political views on the phone
to strangers maybe okay maybe wow that's
crazy it's crazy time no but it was we
had a super fun time Nexus we because it
was my cousin getting married so it's a
family wedding we we came down early to
help set up everything and it was her
family's uh they were her family was
having the wedding on their ranch and it
was an actual cattle ranch their couch
Oh like real pals of horses like she
house like cow a cow like
how's that were like in the driveway and
you'd have to wait for them to go over
they because they're also cows fucking
expensive so I don't want to mess with
the cows yeah so it's great
it was super fantastic but you know we
went down a couple days early to help
set things up and you know uh gave
speeches and everybody had a great time
barb well that's good yes yeah so it was
super fun yeah too many like all I can
say is like there was a bullshit being a
groomsmen
we were told to show up the day of the
wedding at noon okay and our plan was to
[Music]
get dressed or you have lunch get
dressed and take pictures before the
wedding which is something that brides
and grooms do now yeah and I think it's
really smart I had we decided Lisa and I
decided to wait until after the ceremony
to get our pictures taken so I could be
surprised by her dress okay which i
think is a traditional thing to do you
know be surprised by the dress but are
you somebody your wedding am I wouldn't
yeah it was like why didn't you see what
your wife was wearing it yeah that's
like for marrying somebody else are you
some kind of weird Mormon so no no so we
waited to get our pictures taken in
between the wedding yeah and the
reception that's traditionally how it's
done
the only problem is that's not a lot of
time yeah well it depends on the wedding
yes it does but in any case I was a
little disappointed by my wedding
pictures and so they decided to get
their pictures done before the ceremony
which is the smart thing to do because
then you have way more time but so we
get there at noon and we're all dressed
and ready to go cuz it doesn't take guys
very long to get dressed
yeah and we sit around and twiddle our
thumbs until the ceremony they decide
that they don't want to take pictures
with us anymore she's just the bride and
groom we're taking pictures before okay
so it's like well fuck man what
so we got a little drunk when there's
time to kill it a wedding that's what
everybody does so there's not really
drunk cuz you can't get drunk when
you're standing up in a wedding because
then you're an asshole you you I was
gonna say you can do it I've seen it
happen but you shouldn't do it what the
rule number one Jake that's true rule
number one is do what everyone all the
time really consequences because that's
real number two is be ready to deal with
the consequences and the consequences
are everybody will think you're an
asshole
as long as you're okay with that as long
as you're okay with everyone thinking
you're an asshole yeah
then you do whatever you want all the
time are you going the wrong direction
rich no oh there's an arrow pointing the
other way
what arrow I don't know there's a sign
with an arrow on his point in the other
direction
where oh that's for yeah no that's if
you're looking for the one REE I'll go
go there later basically yeah you I'm
assuming you know what you're doing at
or than I was yeah whatever
what play fur is this for you rich um
great right that's great yeah y'all know
what I did this weekend I do want to
know oh yeah yeah I well Friday night I
went to the Milwaukee Film Fest
screening of dr. Strangelove it was
great cuz that's a great movie hmm
woke up Saturday morning and I had no
control over my left hand it had gone
come in my arm was sword it had gone
completely weak where the first thing I
do when I wake up in the morning is I go
downstairs and I make a pot of coffee
yeah I keep my coffee and the cabinet
above the oven yeah and so I was like
the it feels kind of funny but whatever
I thought it was just asleep because I
just woke up and I was gog II sure and I
reach up to grab the coffee grab the can
and my hand just went like so like down
to the ground like like I had no control
over it and it's like this is scary
found out what it is that's very scary
but ya know I I looked into it and
got advice or a doctor very quickly now
I can't remember it's called but I got
it in my column huh
but have you no control over one of your
limbs is a pretty terrifying feeling
absolutely yeah now I can't find it my
phone it's up J confirmed Ebola it's
probably a bola
yeah no it's called radial nerve palsy
it basically means I pinched a nerve in
my arm that's a very that's a very long
and technical name for you pitch
together especially when it has the word
palsy in it like that's scary
yes um so for two days straight I could
not control my left hand it was the most
depressing thing like like it all no I
had I mean I could kind of move my
fingers a little bit a tiny thing but I
couldn't like lift my hand all the way
up like a like a super limp wrist and
sore arm and like I couldn't even put on
my deodorant like cuz I couldn't lift it
all the way up to my armpit oh my god
GEB and this is the thing is like I got
a little bit used to it physically but
it really took its toll on me like
psychologically like I was thinking
about the fact that like if I ever had
like a permanent situation like I lost a
leg or something like I would have a
really difficult time adjusting I was
ready to give up on life after two days
of my hand not working it was so scary
so what you do it oh no it just it just
takes time to start to heal start to get
better like I can move it now yeah yeah
it's still very sorry but for those of
you who can't see which is all of you
day has been moving his hand the entire
time that I yes yes now it's working
just fine but but I the doctor told me
that sometimes it can last like weeks
and possibly months so go thank God my
went away after a few days and it's
still not perfect I'm still a little
weak but and what was the cause of it
and you can just sleep on you sleep on
your arm wrong and that second does
happen so yeah that's a terrible way to
spend your weekend I know well so bad
where it's
like because I you know I like to
exercise so they work out a lot it was
like I couldn't do a lot of things like
I couldn't lift weights I couldn't do
like push-ups and stuff but the one
thing I could still do is jog because
that doesn't require arms but I was I
felt so jogging with like what arms and
flapping around no I can move my arm
just not my hand okay okay but like I
was so distraught I was like fuck it I
don't want to do that
sure like I just didn't feel like doing
anything it was horrible
that sounds terrible yeah it was a bad
weekend that sounds terrible
yeah well I'm glad you're feeling better
I'm feeling better everything's fine
there's no permanent damage that's good
but someday you can just wake up and
you'll slept on your arm wrong and you
won't have use of your hand for two days
yeah
[Laughter]
this is how bad I felt at one point I
even ate fast food oh my gosh a rarely
do anymore but just because like I don't
want to I don't yeah I guess it's like
comfort food is partially bad personally
not wanting to awkwardly try and cook
things with one hand sure sure that's
terrifying
yeah hey stream how's that mortality
[Laughter]
that's my radial nerve palsy story
that's a I mean a great story only great
because you're fine now
Oh farts yeah absolutely yeah but he was
like in retrospective sort of comical
like some of the movements my arm adieu
sure cuz like it like a like a Jim
Carrey routine or something like this
just flailing around that is so
terrifying your hair of alien hand
syndrome alien hand syndrome know if
there's people who and y'all like they
have a problem with one side of their
their brain it's like a it's a cure for
what
playing game here bad scare for some
kind of brain disorder they will
actually sever the connection between
your right and left brains okay and when
this happens one sometimes one side of
your body like your arm will just do
what your other happier brain wants to
do Oh got your conscious side having any
control over it oh so it's like you can
be talking to somebody and the other
part of your brain will just aside it
wants to slap them Oh Oh or you'll be in
a restaurant and like your arm might
take a dinner roll and like throw it
across the room
sure like like primal yeah like you know
like nerves do the work without the
rational side of your brain controlling
it that's so neat I want that I want
that not really no I think I think they
have no bed episode epilepsy they they
think they sever the connecting tissue
between your right left hemisphere
perhaps.perhaps
stroke Cibola I don't think it's called
a stroke of all of the evil dead hand
yes evil dead hand syndrome what telegin
what a weird fucking question Jack do
you watch historical dramas Rome on HBO
was fucking awesome I never watched
Romero's good fuck kind of question is
that
what hold on I'm gonna there are family
historical dramas and they want to know
what do you think what's a historical
drum it's a drama that takes place in
history you guys suck my favorite is of
course the patriot with Mel Gibson oh my
then my you know what if the patriot is
our example than the answer's no yeah I
would say it depends on the subject
matter mm-hmm okay what's an example of
a good historical drama
god there's probably plenty and I'm not
gonna be able to think of a single one I
like you know Jax eating the caramel
apple Twizzlers that I got is Halloween
candy but he's not liking it I got into
it I think it's delicious its faultless
thing how do you feel huh they're
delicious
yeah how do you feel about Twizzlers in
general though I don't like I don't need
them all that off I don't like the
texture
it could chewy but to to talk more to
rubbery to rubbery like I'm not gonna
understand that huh I don't need candy
much at all anyway but I get excited
about gimmicky Halloween candy so you
wouldn't fucking Halloween oh that's
been great you're just a slave to all
things Halloweeny over the weekend I
watched night of the demons which is one
of my favorite Halloween movies that's
so awesome yeah yeah I wasn't really
feeling that find them more for me
[Laughter]
avenge 11 fold avenge 11 default asked
what our favorite Edgar Allen Poe's
short stories are
oh um probably tell-tale heart that's a
good one I like that one a lot
yeah that's a good one that's a good one
fun everything is classic Raven is good
and you know like you can you hear the
like the really good readings of the
Raven yeah there's a couple there's a
couple like animated versions where it's
like really creepy
James Earl Jones version for the
Simpsons not bad right
no I've seen that it's a first how the
way in Simpsons episode first trio uh-oh
is to the first of all yeah okay I have
to ever sure if i rewatch it I have to
remember immediately they tried to do
something a little bit classy yeah yeah
and it's just a straight retelling they
do some animated hijinks with Bart and
Homer Bart is the Raven yeah feel like I
should remember this you absolutely
should remember this huh it's a straight
like Edgar or James Earl Jones reads it
straight yeah and then it's just the
ends yeah you get the right person
reading it at your own Poe story and it
just sounds so Moody and great yeah yeah
oh don't they all hearts good - yeah I
was like that one
[Music]
Who am I gonna watch trick or treat
again yeah just for the fun of it you
should watch trick R treat the letter R
you know I came out a few years ago it's
an anthology movie Oh best Halloween
movie in my opinion Rio as far as a
movie that captures the spirit of
Halloween okay because it's it's an
anthology so it shows all different
aspects of it like it shows a little kid
celebrating Halloween it shows the the
grumpy old man in the neighborhood that
hates Halloween it's got like the the
slutty teenage girls like all these
different stories and they're all
interconnected it's really great
all right trick are my favorites
Halloween fennel came out 2006 I think
rather it's newer okay
it's gonna be great I haven't seen
Gotham yet have you guys seen guy ain't
havin any I'm not watching it I hear
it's fine here it's a fine like
detective I'm sure it's fine if you want
to watch this in a Batman story without
Batman is attempting to be like
Smallville isn't about young Bruce Wayne
or is it more about like like James
Gordon it's about James Gordon when he
first found the detective beat of Gotham
who cares
I think that would be more interesting
than a young Batman detective I don't
think either would be interesting
I don't think this series is with the
supervillains and whatnot I do I've seen
the handful okay it's like every it's
like the penguin shows up they all show
up in it because otherwise you're just
doing a generic cop show with Batman
character yeah yeah that's what it looks
like based on the hands I'd seen sure I
haven't watched it but I have no
interest in watching them so there you
go
look it's October there's hope there's
horror movies to watch
I'm really excited tomorrow we're doing
we're doing our alien oh yeah
alien isolation playthrough but before
we do that first thing I'm gonna do I'm
gonna wake up tomorrow morning and watch
alien dolly nice I ran out of time today
to watch it and so like but I won't I'm
assuming you've seen it before
oh well of course everybody's seen it I
mean everybody who hasn't seen aliens
stop watching the stream now and go
watch alien yes but alien isolation is
supposed to be a sequel to alien okay
and to make sure like they got the tone
right I want to walk the alien right
beforehand there you go wake up early
make a pot of coffee
just watch it you watch alien which is a
totally normal thing to do I'm really
excited about it you shouldn't be aliens
a great movie mm-hmm oh yeah alien is a
great
also rich is killing it at guacamelee I
know this is still early on but killing
it killing it not dying
Billy hecka says should I watch
Prometheus before alien isolation right
I guess technically you should watch
Prometheus and then alien right beyond
infinite says rich he's gonna send you a
copy of X come apocalypse okay
but we shouldn't stream it because it's
a piece of shit okay well thank you for
your consideration that's what it says
I'm sorry so far I've been pretty good
at staying away from any sort of review
for alien isolation I want to go in
fresh tomorrow I literally have not read
anything great yeah neither I do write I
think that's important and going fast
fresh as you can
I've been obviously I read like this
announces about its here I saw it first
person yeah yeah I believe it's a first
person game okay that sounds exciting if
you just get the water around creepy
corridors and yeah me any aliens gonna
jump out it yeah that's that's the whole
point
that's the premise of the entire video
game maybe a creepy alien sketching
about that shit I like it what do it am
I not seeing the subscribers Oh inter
what so Internet race car thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it it
took me a while to read your name and I
apologize for that I told you to stop
talking to me like that you'll do what I
say
whatever I'm gonna do whatever I want
all the time do whatever you want all
the time well recap your arm know
Phoenix there are spikes in this game
but they don't kill you they just hurt
you god damn you Phoenix and you think
you got damn stream essence it's got
damn spikes in the goddamn game how did
that start did you rant about spikes or
something no I think like the very into
first life 3 games we stream dead spikes
in them every game has spikes nearly
yeah that's true that's true
oh someone saying you skip them jack who
what catechists 1634 oh my god thanks
for subscribing Gannicus
I skipped you J gotcha that's how we
work yeah you might be the first person
I've ever said thanks for subscribing to
oh my god Gannicus you're welcome
[Laughter]
that's great
sissy Fein sissy Fein underscore life
you just subscribe we actually super
appreciate it yeah you know you guys are
all mentioning we we do have a new
subscriber emoticon which I love and you
guys are all yelling at me for not
making a J 1 and you're right too you
see it it's it's right underneath the
guys the guy with the red with the red
thing around the side that's Tim has
been in several of our videos
he's one of George Lucas's dogs in the
first half in the bag wait a hipster
nope
but this particular picture oh my god
he's everywhere it's from a project none
of you have seen all right I have one
fault
into the green water but there's no
bones there's no skill across but no
rights oh my god Tim's everywhere
there's damn no so this is this is the
thing I've been working on endlessly
that I find very little joy working on
except for looking at that face
looking at that Tim face and so I made
the emoticon obviously I can delete it
at any time I will make a J and a Mike
emoticon oh and a Jessie obviously but
this look at that face how can that not
make you happy
not make you happy to see the smiling
face and that weird red hood hopefully I
think you'll understand
shortly Oh little midge man miji man
little mini-me g-man thanks for
subscribing we super appreciated Oh
obviously the wizard - how are you it
feels weird calling him the wizard
how was Josh on there no oh there's
someone I didn't know I did not say uh
hold on
BK Riley's subscribe thanks a bunch we
appreciate I forgot to mention that I
will go also get a Josh emoticon ok I
will get emoticon as well we'll have all
the emoticons everyone will have all the
emoticons we're gonna go in the exact
opposite order that you would like it's
gonna be Josh and Jack and then there's
already than me it's already and then
Jesse and then and last the last
emoticon I will make is an r LM oh I
think you're trying to think of a joke
instead of st. Mike well I just didn't
say Mike okay that was kind of joke it
was a weak Joe it was I didn't I didn't
know I was supposed to be Joe I was it
was turning the wheel and I understand
that happens but then I saw your face
and I thought you wanted to jump in
there with a joke waiting to jump in
okay I was actually trying to think of
one at the same exactly it's tough
both our wheels were turning though they
weren't getting anywhere licorice and
the shreddies is that a real thing
licorice and shreddies thanks for
subscribers so suppressants what who an
extra emoticon absolutely so how many
new people have to come on before he can
make a new emoticon not too many
oh shit again okay I think notes go
across yeah I know I know it feels like
it lessens it does yeah yeah I think I
think we only need like 10 more
subscribers that we get two more
they come in chunks of - yes B keg
Riley's realize you are subscribed thank
you oh my god waffle tale first of all a
great name
I enjoy waffles can you enjoy tale whoa
tails are fine
biscuit biscuit has like a pimple on his
tail or something it's really weird it's
got this lump on his tail so every time
I pet him like I feel this lump and the
other day I was picking through his tail
to see what it was to see like if it was
just like a piece of she would sir what
not that I got a pickup but it's like a
pimple on his skin could you stop
talking about your disgusting cat I'm
not love my cat he's great I took the
day off yesterday which means that I
just worked on projects that didn't give
me money and I read yeah and I spent all
morning reading and he sat on my lap
while I read all morning it was great
I finally finished there's this book
that I talked about a while back called
wool oh yeah that is super fantastic and
if you enjoy sci-fi post apocalypse
female protagonists and a book you get
wolf you enjoy the shit out of it well
like the material will like them Terra
WOL you will love it it was great it was
a fantastic read there are there are a
couple different other than two more
collections as part of the wool universe
rather that I got done reading recently
and
and biscuit just laying in my lap all
morning it was the greatest that's when
you get a cat Delaney left but then any
time my wife is around that doesn't give
a shit about me I was right to her like
the little asshole that he is that can't
someone have much of a sense of loyalty
that's the worst thing about them is
true it's really true their new
subscriber Hey
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna allow it
because I think it's funny but prereq
plays Pokemon thanks for subscribing we
really do appreciate it even though I
don't you know your name is you know
copyright infringement yeah
oh also what you guys mani the very king
what how what do any the Varrick the
Vera King Manny the Vera King thank you
for subscribing I don't even see it
anymore it's there alright guys did you
think me system meek this sneak Meech
the speech thanks for subscribing if we
didn't thank you I'm sorry there's a
couple people that we don't get to
because the stream goes by that's you
know these things happen these things
happen this is life we appreciate it
it's not perfect no matter what that's
true only 200 more subscribers and we
will be able to afford somebody to sit
there and monitor the chat no I see a
hawk so Jays doing a great job of
thanking them so if I don't see you
subscribe usually see Hawks or Jay
thanking you
[Music]
I'm reading your chat and deciding
whether I want to say something about it
or not saying horrible things again oh
no it's in my head and are they asking
about Twin Peaks can we talk about Twin
Peaks have you heard
have you heard Jack let's have a
conversation about some things okay I
have heard you don't sound excited I'm
not excited you should be excited I'm
not and here's why
okay wait give them the news in case
they don't know oh yeah the news is Twin
Peaks is coming back nine Episode run
all episodes directed by David Lynch
it's gonna be on Showtime and the reason
you should be excited because I was
Deacon out on Twitter and someone said
to me name one thing that was revived
years after the fact that what didn't
turn out terrible whew and Rama
well feature I'm was a good example yes
I do actions but I thought it wasn't
arrived years it wasn't like a couple
decades this is 25 years ago um but the
thing is none of this stuff was ever
done but David Lynch that's the
difference
David Lynch has more integrity and a
better track record than anyone else I
could think of it as like a George Lucas
or someone like that yeah David Lynch
does not do shit that he doesn't care
about and he does it Twin Peaks coming
back is not a cash grab in any way
because it's not it was like a show that
barely lasted two seasons it has a small
but loving fanbase so it's not some
cheap cash grab I and oh good you can go
in just one second yeah there you go
never let any of them it's not great
Twin Peaks yeah it's still nine more
hours of something new directed by David
Lynch which up until this announcement I
didn't think I would ever see again he's
basically been retired from filmmaking
since he did Inland Empire so yeah so
I'm super excited here you just said
something that convinced me slightly
okay here is a thing in which I will
agree with you on David Lynch doesn't
give a fuck about anything yes so yes I
am 100% agree he's only doing this
because he wants to tell a story
do something yeah the problem is any any
of these sort of nostalgia properties
exist as nostalgia yeah and so you will
always have a part of these that was you
know that is living in a memory or some
ways that's living somewhere else
somewhere intangible and so they might
be fine the new Arrested Development I
liked more than most people I know a lot
of people didn't like it it was fine is
what it was but it was an utter
disappointment as compared to earlier
Arrested Development sure Arrested
Development though is also more of a
straight conventional thing sure I mean
it's it's a smart show it's different in
its own right but I what I also what I
said on Twitter is that with Twin Peaks
like just like fire walk with me Dave
Lynch is not gonna get people this is my
prediction I could be wrong but he's not
gonna give people what they think they
want it's gonna be most likely very
different from the original Twin Peaks
yes and a lot of people will be upset
because of that mm-hm like fire walk
with me which i think is a brilliant
movie but people were like oh this is
dark and creepy and where's all the the
characters I love and David Lynch's is
gonna be going to use this to explore
some sort of weird Avenue that this room
somehow connected to Twin Peaks
be a simple retreat reusable toilet
paper G shots oh these are subscribers
both reusable toilet paper and G shots
thanks for subscribing um have you have
you ever seen the video of David Lynch
talking about George Lucas asking him to
direct return this oh my god it's so
great know you've never seen that I know
oh yeah during the break I'm looking for
a David Lynch fan sure but it's also
Star Wars only show Jesus showed me
something called a what showed me
something called a walk in it it made me
sick I have the worst headache took me
to this place they only serve salad this
is David are you saying George Lucas is
a weirdo okay weirdo it's the best I
could listen to that guy talk all day
I do remember his railing against
watching videos on your eyes oh yeah we
just fucking telephone get real what
which you know like fine I get that but
it's like this is also the word what
this is what people are doing David you
got it you got it be cool about fire
safety yeah I just my problem is if it's
going to be something new and different
that will explore something in David
Lynch's psyche yeah does it need to be
Twin Peaks um alright I think it kind of
does I don't he's not interested in
making films anymore right but he still
loves that world he loves those
characters he loves that town what are
you doing to me that is if he went to
Showtime and said I'm David Lynch and I
want to make nine episodes of something
they tell me they wouldn't say of course
David let you do what you have to do I
don't know they might not
Twin Peaks is not a huge thing but it's
an established name yeah so I might have
had something to do with it I think
maybe because it's been 25 years and
that was the thing I'm the original show
I'll see you again in 25 years so it
makes sense
mm-hmm so I don't know I'm excited all
right
it's hard for me to get excited at the
revival of something anymore I think
people keep talk about ghostbusters like
I don't want that oh it's yeah Saint
always say man pretty close to happening
it's really happening with ladies yeah
lady ghostbusters which honestly I am
slightly more interested in that but I
would be just like a new Ghostbusters
with Seth Rogen or whoever else oh yes
at least there's some slightly different
element I still don't care but I don't
know yeah yeah no I'm a cynical as
anyone when it comes to reviving that
old franchises or properties but David
Lynch has yet to do something that
horribly disappoints me so you know what
all right yeah all right yeah I just
yeah I think there are some things that
will never that will never live up to
your that will never live up to the
potential that you gave them yeah I mean
it make sense with something like
Arrested Development going back to the
ex it's like you know I I didn't mind
the fourth season that much but it
wasn't as funny it wasn't as clever the
characters weren't interacting the way
they used to so it was slightly
different but it was different in a way
where it's still very much grounded in a
reality yeah in a way the Twin Peaks
doesn't have to be will stay there I'll
give you all I know is it's gonna be a
long wait till 2016
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah I am slightly apprehensive about
him bringing as much of the cast back as
possible some of them don't look that
great these days that's part of the
thing Iran doesn't like polite way
putting it I remember watching the
fourth season of Arrested Development
and not realizing that Portia Oh
Portia de Rossi the Rossi looks
different now yeah I did not know I
thought that was supposed to be someone
else or I thought that was a different
actress playing like a younger version
of her yeah I could see that yeah she
look different so different to where her
jokes were landing because I was trying
to figure out who that character yeah
yeah I can see that I mean Kyle
MacLachlan is always awesome Kyle
MacLachlan is aged very well
yes layer Flynn Boyle not so much have
you seen where she looks like lately no
but you know what the last thing I saw
her in was men in black - oh god yeah
she still looked like a Cuban in that
yeah she looked great she knows too many
botched plastic surgery things she just
looks scary get Moira Kelly from fire
welcome me you get the replacement Donna
[Laughter]
ray twice or a twice looks great Kyle
MacLachlan looks great you can't have
Ray Rice any market uh well we're
talking about twin peaks here I have no
idea what the plans for it are right I
mean I hope they have a bank just cuz I
love them yeah but bob is dead
unfortunately if Frank soul was dead no
the waitress in Twin Peaks was so
fucking hot I don't think anyone was it
wasn't windy Zia there was lots of lots
of foxy ladies on Twitter hey you know
what the shoulder pad it's just every
their faces than on the pad it's
distracting I can't watch her because
everyone had a perm and shoulder pad
that's true so I couldn't pay attention
to their smokin bod
[Laughter]
all right thanks yeah ghostbusters ah
yeah
never never yeah you know it will you
rich will you even see the new whoa I
have no interest if it doesn't have
those characters I've done that Bill
Murray and not even out of any scenario
ramus no okay I would still see it out
of curiosity I have no expectations of
there being any good I might I might see
it but like oh I'm not gonna say I am
looking forward to oh god no
in any way shape or form no definitely
not yeah you know it's it's one of those
things where like a lot of the cast is
gonna be bridesmaids yes what's-his-face
Paul fake right yeah and the thing that
bothers me the most about this situation
is much like the Twin Peaks thing where
it's like oh we had a breakout original
comedy with an all-female lead cast yeah
right what should we do with all this
originality oh my god fosters man
right yeah bridesmaids changed Hollywood
a little bit after bridesmaids everyone
in Hollywood was clamoring for
all-female original broadsheet comedy
but she didn't really pan out
well they sucked I think that's probably
a big part of it yeah unfortunate I have
issues with bridesmaids but it's a funny
movie there's a funny movie buried in it
somewheres what I said like like most of
these modern Judd Apatow related
comedies it was way too long yeah yeah
but bloat shortened quick cut it short
and quick yeah
keep your money moving all the jokes all
your thunk yeah all jokes all the time
agreed ghosts maids that's funny
rivo ghostly ghost maids I also don't
much care for Melissa McCarthy I thought
she I didn't know who she was before
bridesmaids and I thought she was very
funny in bridesmaids yes but apparently
it's all she does she's one one of them
one-trick ponies I tell you why it's a
great trick well she's in the new
Marie movie st. Vincent and I don't
think she's doing her stick in that I
don't know much about the movie okay
let's see well say she had one when she
hosted Saturday Night Live
she had one funny sketch which was that
she was like a food tester Oh giving her
opinion on different foods I'm vaguely
she was a character and it was very that
was I remember laughing okay yeah I
mainly remember this yeah dictor
birthday boy votes McCarthy fart joke
laugh track pretty much that's it like
the worst part is that Tammy movie that
came out over the summer yeah that was
conceived and directed by her husband
it's like really like even you're not
gonna give her a chance to do something
more interesting ride that money train
the same thing over and over and over
oh did you come up with McCarthy a train
you know what I not me I do it was
called a joke I said joke it wasn't that
funny
but yes Melissa McCarthy equals female
Kevin James you are correct I don't know
I
she's I've laughed more foremost
McCarthy that I have no Kevin James for
whatever that's worth that's fine just
because there's more Kevin James Kevin
James is a female Melissa McCarthy Kevin
James is a male Melissa McCarthy okay no
you're right the first time
Kevin's as a female Melissa McCarthy
it's true oh yeah I don't think I've
ever laughed at Kevin James nothing eyes
I guess that actually you know I
probably haven't seen anything that he's
been in so that might be a bad that's
I've seen trailers I saw the trailer for
the zookeeper before before hitting his
gigantic movie turd face yeah he had a
couple really good stand-up specials
okay I want to take your word for he's a
fine stand-up comedian all right or was
I don't know if he does it any poor he
got involved with M Sandler and that
crew he who will not be made well know
before he made money regularly know it's
bubble same no he sees a fine he had
some fine stand-up specials I was like I
don't think the guy knew he was a
stand-up I don't know where he came from
he just one day had a sitcom like it was
this guy it stand up he was a stand-up
call me John I sweat the small stuff
yeah that was what it was called
that was a good that's a good I like his
the one because our shows for Comedy
Central smaller HBO that's a that's a
fine stand-up special oh my god someone
people are mentioning Adam Sandler's
Netflix feels oh yeah but what is this I
have not heard of this Adam Sandler has
signed to deal with Netflix to release
like four happy gilmore a happy Madison
Madison production movies so not
necessarily movies that he's in just his
production company is going to make I
built but I believe there's a
contingency of him being maybe not
starring but being in them all okay um
but yeah movies I don't make that'll go
direct like yeah yeah it's fine i I
think that's better because then you
don't have to see him in the theater
before lemon you don't have to see them
at all yes well I don't have to see his
movies in the theater but actually have
to see the trailers won't even have to
see that it'll be great nope it'll be
every time you go to Netflix it'll be a
giant bag oh yeah that's true
yeah it'll be great people want
unflexible of it and everything will be
great they're wonderful and people still
love him still oh this is crazy I was I
was freaking out about this on Twitter
the other night um as I was watching I
watch
Halloween and Halloween to yoga night
German great looking movies and Dean
come to you was the cinematographer for
them okay Dean company went on to do a
lot of early job of John John Carpenter
movies but then he also went on to do
the back of future movies did Apollo 13
Oh big movies yeah and I was like he's
done all these big movies what's he been
up to lately looked him up on IMDB
cinematographer for Jack and Jill how do
you go from back to the future Jurassic
Park
1313 and ease a great cinematographer
like it those especially those early
John Carpenter movies just like that
really makes a lot of what those movies
makes those movies work by the way they
might not otherwise Oh Mike yeah like
some made-for-tv movies lately and Jack
and Jill where it's like what happens
ran out of juice I don't know it was
really it was shocking I was shocked
when I found out that the man that did
the cinematography for Halloween did
Jack and Jill I'm shocked I was kind of
kind of depressed because of it I guess
it makes sense does it
yeah he's tapped okay money is money not
not just money as money sucked but he's
doing like he would make more money
doing large forms like Jurassic Park
than he was doing like made-for-tv
movies oh it's it's he just got burnt
out I'm doing these big movies we had
that he had visions you know like he
wanted to tell a story through the
language of the camera yeah and that
takes a lot of effort and way easier
just to work for Adam Sandler yeah I
guess because then you make all the
money but don't have to do any work you
just point the camera the thing you want
to shoot right yeah yeah that's true
so maybe you know he maybe you got a
hobby like wine collecting or something
he's really happy doing that yes he's a
little older now so yeah maybe Adam
Sandler was his retirement package I
don't know that's the only end of
similar movie you don't know I think I'd
have to leave like a design but I've
never seen some TV movies and like the
Garfield movie he did that yeah that's
what this man did the thing the thing is
one of the most beautifully shot horror
movies ever made the thing is great yeah
absolutely he was the one that
understood keep the creature in shadow
it's a big rubber monster it's a design
wise it's great but you keep it in a
shadow and it's gonna look so much more
realistic he's right Jay you just make
it CGI and the monster jumps all over
the screen that's what makes it scary
that's right they did with the prequel
reboot remake thing hmm you're right
but remember jump scares jump scares it
don't scares that's where that's how you
get them that's how you make them gonna
be scary right right you don't want to
build tension or suspense
that's dumb reminder
I feel enriched I feel an onion Oh
Deborah been good is me bringing up your
no dead from its liking you had it all
yeah no I've made it further than this
this is fucking volcano it's gonna get
me yeah yeah all right great
as a reminder to all those watching this
is Rich's attempt at a guacamelee no
different
