Episode 085
Guacamelee - No Death Attempt (Part 1.3)
October 21, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqxa4ukv9o0
___________________________________________

I think myself and the chat agreed with
you okay good because it's dickish and
redundant obviously you were just saying
you just said it and now yeah people are
actually just saying like they don't
care about fade the the face cam they
just want Jessie and I agree anytime
Jesse's here so they want a boob cam she
makes well no I think they're saying in
lieu of face cam Phaedra just had us
here and I agree yeah she makes not only
the stream but our lives brush she's
very entertaining but he doesn't she
doesn't want to believe it but she's
very entertaining mr. Jay come to
Scotland okay bye G we're good
I'm going Scotland oh okay I would love
to go to Scotland I'd love to go
somewhere no I haven't travelled nearly
enough in my life I recommend it
have you been to Scotland traveling oh
sure I have not been to Scotland I have
been to a couple countries in Europe and
it's really awesome
you know I it's very old yeah Europe is
way older than America mm-hmm they have
some shit also kind of tiny yeah I mean
when I was in Texas we were talking
about like Texas is like the size of
Europe so you know not only do you see
really old shit but you can go to a
bunch of different countries in the same
day yeah
yeah we'll see hopefully in the future
I'll get to travel a little bit more but
do I must I did this year was I went to
California for a few days because I
wanted to travel somewhere but I wasn't
gonna be able to go to you know
someplace crazy then I go to California
for a couple days if we find if we find
a reason to justify it
much like Adam Sandler does with his
movies you know that's this is why Jay
it's very important to establish some
sort of live show okay because then you
have an excuse to travel everywhere but
I don't want to travel places and do
work well no but then you you scan til
the shows like a week or so apart so
yeah you get days just to take in
charity it's like then it's still
technically for work so it's only right
off okay fine that yeah
yes rlm equals the new Adam Sandler
that's listen as long as you make good
stuff well I'm not shitting out Adam
Sandler for wanting to travel whenever
he makes a movie I'm shitting on him for
making bad movies for using the making
of a movie as an excuse to travel
someplace interesting that's what he
does no no but that's I'm saying that's
fine you know you'd be okay with that if
the movie was good if the movie
compensating yeah but it's clear that he
doesn't care right and that's the thing
right it's just a paid vacation for him
yeah where you know if he wants to go to
Hawaii
to shoot his next really only because he
wanted to visit Hawaii but it turns out
it's a really funny movie based in
Hawaii I'm fine with it okay
hey rich okay are you in the gauntlet
right now yeah the gone he's a top Act
says rich app consider taking best of
the worst on tour we talked about this
last time when Jack didn't understand
copyright it would be a logistical
nightmare obtaining the rights to screen
these movies yeah you know what movie I
think might be public domain as a row
tour because apparently rip tracks just
released a rip of wrote or maybe with
the video a company in it so they're
able to sell that so I'm guessing it's
public domain sure okay
all we need is two more J but my joke
and they found that out was I wonder if
they got bombarded with people saying
best of the worst already did this no
we're not gonna say science theater
people right mister his eyes leader
already did this that would be really
funny yeah sigh so that's it J we get
three movies three public domain movies
and we can travel the world I send the
same three movies every night for a
month
oh god I think I'd lose my mind if I had
to watch road tour every night for a
month
well no not ever every year you have to
watch it four times that maybe too many
you have to watch it once a week and
then have basically the same
conversation line yeah about it once a
week and then we could have a month in
Europe or we'd have to find twelve
public domain movies
I think it's doable I think it's doable
guys I guess what I'm saying is we're
working on it we are doing some amount
of work on it the top priority zero is
some stop work of a new plugin review
travel yo with wrote or hey-oh someone
it's a bazooka saying Doug Benson and
Greg Propst do movie commentary live
shows oh yeah and they do weird crappy
old movies too yeah well I'm sure if
their public domain or they have somehow
secured the rights to live showing or
they're scamming Oh apparently year of
GLAAD knows a shit ton about copyrights
so we can you all just talk to him about
it okay just you know like a super lot
that's what he said like a super very
much okay
[Laughter]
Gregg's proofs from whose line is it
anyway not Gregg Propst to the host of
Survivor ah
that's Jeff Probst oh I don't know also
I don't know if that's true maybe it is
the host of Survivor and Doug Benson
he's well-known for his comedy yeah I
don't know anything about him you know
maybe he gets high all the time
Wow filming survivor I know Doug Benson
I know he is he gets high all the time
Oh does it that's that's a snake oh but
he has a movie podcast too right I think
he does maybe getting Doug with high
what is that that's his podcast no he is
a movie podcast
does he yeah yeah also doesn't he have a
he has a thing called getting Doug with
high I had no idea we had in which
people get high with him and then they
have a podcast about it oh no this is a
different one then let's do multiple
podcasts TCL P $9.99 thank you for
subscribing I also say that as if I'm
talking to Jay because he looks really
confused whenever I say what do you say
no we really appreciate it
Doug loves movies Doug loves movies yeah
is getting Doug with high a thing that's
the real thing are you sure Doug Benson
is well known for getting high that's
fine yeah I just I've never heard this
before
it's someone's gonna say it's a thing or
they're gonna fuck with me yeah okay
someone watch this getting done but
barely it's bad it's a bad Joe I just
know the name I've never listened
either of them apparently the over the
over the weekend I saw a lot of family
who I don't want to see very often or
converse with very often and so a lot of
the weekend was trying to explain to
them what I do with my time well that's
always the best it's really hard but
thanks to movie podcasts it's a little
easier because everyone kept on
mentioning and I have yet to listen to
one but how did this get made oh yeah
yeah and I really like Paul Scheer as a
comedian and I just haven't listened to
it as you know I do stuff it's it can be
entertaining depending on the movie
they're talking about sometimes their
their confusion or frustration about the
movies comes across a little phony
meanwhile sure that's it okay I'm gonna
take a moment here and say unpowered
raindrop thank you for subscribing we
super appreciate that um but yeah that's
what everyone a lot of people were
saying oh like this and I was like sure
sure yeah so they oh that's interesting
that they would know what that is I'm
casting great and they realized that
that particular one was that big yeah
maybe it's just my family is gonna say
yeah if I tried to send that to my
family they just look at me funny listen
I got that a couple times mostly from
Jake's new wife side of the family who
are all farmers their ranch hands and
you know they understand what it is to
make a movie and whatnot but but then
you know Internet videos are let's just
say not as prestigious so
that's fine um Jay have you seen the
brave directed by Johnny Depp
no I've also never heard of it I don't
think I've even heard of it brave
directed by Johnny Depp
no this is more recent movie I honestly
don't think I've never heard of the
brave I've never heard of this so sorry
yeah I don't know what that is a lot of
movies get made it's true and a lot of
those movies are oh my god Josh Vince
said he subscribed the half an hour ago
and we didn't thank Jesus Christ
we apologize does gross oversight yes it
happens every once in a while
Josh thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it even though we didn't
say thank you right when you subscribed
did you see these chickens dancin that's
just for you Donna Josh means chicken
dance for subscribing
[Laughter]
but what dick the birthday boy that is
not true we thanked you when you
subscribed you've been a subscriber for
a long time
[Music]
week thank you know now everyone's
saying when they subscribed you gotta
take your time and do them all all of
them Jack all of our subscribers you
have no idea how thankful we are we
really really do appreciate it
so much so that we gave you a pizza roll
or whatever you never thanked me for not
subscribing thank you
who said that it's for you mr. idiot man
yeah Thank You mr. idiot man for not
subscribing we will play dr. Mario with
Mike one of these days that is a real
thing that will happen oh sure for
anyone asking about that whoa whoa rich
that was a close one
Oh someone is asking when the next
blinky review is I guess there's been a
test like the way it's it's gonna be the
day after tomorrow it'll be Friday yeah
okay guys and and ironically enough the
movie being reviewed is the day after
tomorrow yes yes sometimes Jay Bowman is
so quick this is why I make the big
bucks
[Laughter]
those blanket exists in the prereq
universe yes sure why not
we don't have the universe does now
prereq invested the worst exist in the
same universe cuz it's just us just
people's yeah no characters yeah we
prereq has no fictional universe right
so so then I'm sure there is mister this
this isn't like game station which took
place in the aliens universe right
aliens like the movie aliens okay sure
why not are you spoiling to them that
we're shooting this next one on the game
station set that was actually never
thrown out cuz we wouldn't want to spoil
that that's gonna be surprised right
doing complicated dodging forming overs
heist by the way one of the cheapest
moves ever is that you can't get hurt
while holding someone it's an ability
frames it's fine it's it's it's a bit
cheap because I will do that I will just
grab a hold of someone and and hold on
for longer than I normally would just to
make sure I don't get hit by shit
when you're exploiting it hey guys there
why wouldn't you yeah all right so far
so good so far so good
yeah your your rocket how long did this
game take to beat six hours we might not
do it tonight okay I mean yeah make six
hours probably not doing it tonight
well we will fucking we stayed up far
too late on Sunday oh yeah man Jay we
had a great family that's good we
started playing pictionary we started
playing mspaint pictionary oh great
right think of a movie title and then
crapoly draw it in mspaint
[Laughter]
Chet was fucking uncanny they were they
got it so quick oh yeah you wouldn't
believe how pretending George she I got
I got big trouble a little shy no object
through two boxes one said the other
okay huh we will do another overtired
drunk pictionary just because that was
super fun fuck you and rich and I have
been given a ton of gifts on Steam and
so maybe oh this is a great and I don't
know about you but I've gotten doubles
I've gotten a bunch of games don't just
just a few and so maybe next time we do
over tired drunk and let's paint
pictionary remember wins gets oh that's
great idea give away we'll give away
some of our duplicate games what sounds
like a wonderful idea
yes because I I have and I mean I was
loopy shit but I remember laughing I
remember laughing so loud I thought I
woke myself it was it was terribly fun
and of course it was 1:00 in the morning
yeah been traveling all day but it was
awesome we were slap-happy I was a
little slap happy that's the best and
then I decided it would be a really good
idea to have a couple glasses of wine
because then it's like oh then as soon
as I'm done I'm going right to bed
shit that's how that works plug this
dream group prereq has a stream group
guys what does that mean it means if you
have a steam account which is free to
get you can join the steam group rich
and I rich are you on again I think so
rich and I are on the stream group it's
it's a previously reported stream group
and we're gonna do written game reviews
we can upload our game reviews to it we
can chat with other members on the group
is super great fun time there is also a
red letter media message board stream
group so you should join the message
board and be part of that group too will
be I'll part all the group's it's super
fun rich don't turn into a chicken oh
the double jump yet okay sorry I'm
concentrate do it who's admin I don't
know the guy who made the guy who made
the prereq extreme group is admin Omni I
want to say his name is and I'm an admin
and if rich Joe and he'd be an admin and
I think octo J is an admonition coop -
Wow is he saying stream did I say screw
you keep saying stream do you mean steam
I do mean Steve okay I'm drunk which is
not true it's always true there is a
previously recorded its steam group that
you should all join it's created without
our knowledge or consent it was by the
way which I didn't know how to feel
about until I realized that I would have
to do less work under media tumblr no we
have nothing to do with it but they're
always updating it so thanks so thank
you on me for creating that and make
me and admin so an dr. J is my great and
thank you octo J Thank You lacto James
general you make my life easier oh my
god do you have to be a chicken for that
no no I'm just a chicken oh it's great
Oh Lord right that's a platforming
puzzle so the easier stuff right super
fun
oh speaking of platforming puzzles
something I wanted to plug it's nothing
of my own but but it's something that
I'm a little excited about and Tommy ray
we finds however you say his name the
guy who did all the programming for
Super Meat Boy is holding a three-day
charity stream tomorrow and the two days
after tomorrow to raise money for his
mother or something in which he's going
to just walk across games that have
giant Maps and for anyone who's played
Super Meat Boy knows that it's one of
the greatest games ever made
it's he the the like skinnier guy of the
two that was on the UH oh yeah okay if
you saw indie game the movie he's a
skinny bald guy with glasses so of
course I have an affinity for him so
he's doing a charity stream to raise
money and you should all support that
because he made a fuckin awesome game
and that's it
that's my plug someone uh mister idiot
man didn't subscribe Joanna didn't
subscribe says Jack what do you think of
Ren & Stimpy look at the fuck do you
think who doesn't love writing therapy I
don't really crude for sake of being
crude No
that show had great comedic timing I
don't have to rewatch this okay it's
been done again yeah I haven't watched
it since I was a kid but when I was a
kid I thought it was the greatest I
loved being at the style John Kricfalusi
is a really great artist at the time I
remember my thought being it's no
simpsons oh this is so different
yeah I know that's dumb rich no well
fuck you
the point is that it's no don't recall
asking what you thought oh damn I was
really taken by just the style of it the
the images and jungkook Lucy that guy
he's still those drawings and animation
in the stuffings I'm really like his art
style yeah he did a Bjork video I don't
know if you ever saw that we talked
about it on the stream once go did it I
am remember that's okay we've talked
about so many things it's true so many
things yeah I just I remember that was
my first foray I don't know if this was
his thing oh oh ain't no my god be the
like the close-up in the over details
yeah yeah like weird veins and snot and
all the like the creases of the skin you
would see in a real you need everyone
like so grotesque oh this great powdered
toast man have your toast man right and
then he got kicked off of his own show
after the first season really yeah and
even as a kid I noticed something was
different because that's when I stopped
liking it and then when I was at that
age I didn't open I didn't know about
the behind-the-scenes stuff I was like
this isn't as funny like something feels
off
yeah and I found out years later is cuz
he was kicked off of his own journal why
was he kicked off um I think it had
something to do with just creative
differences like the type of stuff you
wanted to do on the show and Nickelodeon
tell
we couldn't I think it was something
like that it couldn't be wrong I could
absolutely see that happen but yeah he
was only on the show I think from the
first season maybe one and a half
seasons yeah residence is great and I
can't think the only people I could see
not liking it are people who haven't
seen and apparently rich in a long time
so I'm gonna hug that pass I got oh my
god rich that's fine it is fine you did
that a 95 hit combo I've gotten 250
before I congratulations
oshino I got I got 400 other challenge
rooms Oh someone on the topic of
animation someone's talking about
invaders in did you ever watch invader
zim not a single time okay
I'm a big fan of I'm gonna mess up his
name Honan of Vasquez ja jounin Honan I
don't know how you pronounce it he did a
comic book called Johnny the homicidal
maniac
okay did you ever read that no oh my god
I will lend it to you I have the Train
okay super super fun alts comic about
the main character being a homicidal
maniac okay
turned and then made a show for
Nickelodeon the invader centre invaders
in uh and I remember being okay with it
but it's no Johnny the homicidal maniac
it you know it was Johnny the homicidal
maniac on Nickelodeon so yeah I could
see for a lot of people like if that was
your first full foray into
like his kind of combi salad being super
into it but it was just because I want
the other thing first you know what I
saw the other thing first but I'm okay
with it in general I think I was all the
jokes are fine is he making he's making
a squee movie do this here is that true
squeak squeak what's that mean he was a
character he was a character in invaders
him Oh
in any case if you can go to your local
comic book store and or online purveyor
of comics and find yourself a copy of
jabbing a homicidal maniac highly
recommend that and invader zim is fine
fine really
what are we really
have you ever seen any like gun alright
what squee was a character in Johnny the
homicidal maniac is that true I get it
all mixed up did you ever see invader
zim no did you ever read Johnny the
homicidal mania No all right there we go
there's Jays input on the conversation
ever I apologize if you wanted more I
have not played the last of us because I
like games that are games and knob games
that are stories what I have been told
that game has a lot more story than game
so I'm not very interested in buying it
it's fair yeah I'm sure it's fine and I
know obviously if we received a ton of
awards and I'm kind of there the game
aspects of that didn't look very
interesting well shooting in this making
and things we see everywhere else yeah
that's fired yeah what oh nice too much
my last of us I just you know I'm not
I'm not interested in the game like
there are certain games that I like and
you know you know how like I like
stories and games and I'm not interested
in a man right so I know it's bland yeah
yeah yeah it's almost as if I have a
certain taste and I can I can tell all
right I have like a sense of what a
thing will be based on the gameplay
footage and trailers I make a decision
on whether or not I want to you know
it's all play how about the Uncharted
games did you play any of the Uncharted
games no horribly boring that's that's
how they look
yes dole delish looking third-person
shooting yeah but some platforming that
rips off to rhythm yeah you got it even
like calling it platforming is being
generous and you know what I also hate
Jackson Dexter Naughty Dog's other
famous thing yeah the Uncharted games
are the I'm trying to think of of a nap
movie metaphor see jak and daxter were
kind of bland platforming games my chart
it is like not they're not Jason Bourne
movies but they're the movies like
Uncharted it would be the movie
equivalent of movies that rip off the
Jason Bourne movies were they're fine
action movies but they mean nothing and
they do nothing I played the first
Uncharted a little bit of the second
Uncharted and for a while there was a
Vita Uncharted that was free if you had
a place
Plus account and so I played a little
bit of that and I was horribly bored
when I played all of them no challenge
whatsoever
[Music]
yeah just it upsets me that I can't
think of a good enough movie or metaphor
right now is my is the thing that's
bothering me more about not liking those
games what's a movie looks like an
action movie ooh The Expendables those
movies are right they give you exactly
what they advertised yet they're still
disappointing I don't think they do give
you what they advertise though at least
actually one because the person was like
throwback to 80s action movies shows top
dudes and then there's like CGI blood
splatters everywhere and it sucks
what's a generic action movie Oh
commando no no like it has a non
moderate commandos amazing a modern-day
just generic action movie by the numbers
I don't see those movies so exactly
that's really hard for me to think of an
apt metaphor for why I dislike the
Uncharted
Fast and the Furious sure sure fastened
Fury's gone in 60 seconds
movies like that
fuck you you fucking something
picture-taking movies with Liam Neeson
who's that what I work really I hope so
yeah I'm I have not I've also not seen
anything but I'm sure Hansel and Gretel
right November man absolutely white
house down
thank you ah that's a good one that's a
good one where you know exactly what
you're gaining but yeah I bet you're
still disappointed when you watch it
good national treasure well listen
anything with Nic Cage is cool because
it's Nic Cage in so in any case the
Uncharted sure I mean obviously they're
big franchises I'm sure people buy them
or else they wouldn't keep making them
so what I say has no meaning
[Music]
jacker J opinion on precious movie I
didn't see it I didn't see it what is it
precious what is it it's a movie about I
said this isn't like the girls like it
was like an abusive Mulder I don't
really know much about what it's even
about it's about an inner-city girl with
an abusive mother mother finding her own
way in life all I remember is do you
know the comedy music band called
Garfunkel and Hovis oh yeah I know of
the comedy music van called Guare what
they're not a comedy act
they're silly they're satiric yeah
Garfunkel and Oates had a a funny song
about precious called runnin with
chicken
oh right part of the movie yeah this is
seen him precious in which she steals a
chicken yeah that's that's all I know
about precious I think I saw a clip of
that scene where she's in the place the
chicken plays yeah this is vague
memories from when the movie first came
out I remember the scene a clip from
that scene and the editing when like the
continuity was like atrocious yeah and
that's all I remember
I'd have to rewatch it but I just
remember thinking like this is
horrible-looking but I have nothing on
either a scene it would you have seen it
that's our precious I can tell you about
guar I fucking loved waar I don't know
much about lard I mean anything you
think you know about water is true yeah
I mean I know they they wear the
costumes and but I don't think I've ever
listened to the music no you don't
listen to glory you go you goes down in
the show sure I shot her for the for a
local music establishment I I was one of
the camera operators for a Halloween
Horror Show oh really
and it was awesome I got only got hired
because I had my own camera with AV outs
and they scammed me out of some money
oh so like so I can talk about them
because they were assholes that the the
rave Eagles Club guar guar has Halloween
shows at the rave Eagles Club and here's
it was it was a great lesson as a
freelancer a hard lesson to learn but if
you are a freelance worker and someone
tries to pay you less than the amount
that you state be in promise of future
work it's never true yeah it's never
ever true you'll never get future work
from them and that's what the rain
bugles loved it yes at least usako are
exactly I saw a guar and had a really
fun time being a camera operator for
their live show which is great they
shoot fake blood and nauman there was a
giant penis that I think was cut off at
one point yeah I have some friends I
went to a bar show a few years ago and
they were close enough when they got
covered in blood yeah and then as they
were driving home they got pulled over
yeah like unrelated they got pulled over
cops like a wookie did like wow thanks
nice
apparently I don't know if this is true
but apparently one of our subscribers
hello Draco was a former tour manager
for guar what what that true oh yeah no
no Oh guys it it was not guar guar did
not stiff me no that's the venue that is
the venue that is not guar the venue is
responsible for paying cameramen it was
for the rave eagles club had some sort
of like live pay-per-view event and so I
was just one of the camera operators no
disrespect meant to guar all disrespect
meant too many rave and Eagles Club of
Milwaukee Wisconsin who says shitty
acoustics - yeah that place is shit that
place is shit and everything is shit
[Laughter]
guar wouldn't stiff you they would make
you step
[Laughter]
all right made it through there no jack
is not dissing guar I know you're being
funny I think that I don't want to dis
choir cuz those fuckers will kill you
then the lead singer died like this
year's the last year he's supposed to
India yes they said yes it is rest in
peace everybody died this year
everybody's everybody's dying everybody
dies
hey y'all everybody dies
blood groups everybody dies everybody
poops and if you're not doing one you're
doing the other and if you're not doing
one watch out
did you stop whooping people go see a
doctor get that Obamacare yes you get
there or eat some spinach tie a tie in
fiber also in protein
I like spinach I like spinach - I like
Spanish - I have Spanish every day with
my eggs it's great make a little spinach
egg bean
scramble get some salsa verde in there
shit dog oh man it sounds good it's
really it's great little salsa made it
you know what I've been doing lately
little sriracha
just make that she had extra spice now
of course
this game is so fantastic by the way
just watching you play it brings back
happy memories of me playing the
blending of the light in the dark world
for platforming puzzles just beautiful
yes beautiful poop again hey Decco like
spinach hates Cave Story I don't hate
kids story we've had this conversation I
thought it was okay that means you hate
it see I know you people with your
extremes there's such a big cult new
ones
well camellias so he says guac merely
has no consequences for death but he
didn't like dark souls there's there's
two extremes going on here man and we
can find a middle ground we can do it
it's true opinions can have nuances and
caveats --n what do you call it when
something about personal experience a
new experience anecdotal evidence
anecdotes in Kies cave story is fine I
know Cave Story was supposed to be a big
deal but I played it too late Cave Story
was apparently an early indie title that
helped pave the way for modern indie
titles being so awesome and I played it
later after I had already played the
other indie titles that came after it so
I thought it was just alright that's the
story it's true subjectivity
subjectivity is fine I was thinking of
you know like when you when you have to
like make a case like like when you are
say stating a scientific theory you need
objective evidence yes but when so then
there's a thing called anecdotal
evidence where you say well my grandpa
hey two tablespoons of salt every day
and he lived to be a hundred so two
tablespoons of salt must be good for
everyone
that's anecdotal evidence it's not real
it works well when you're working with
opinions and shit also getting a little
crazy oh my god that's a great name
citizen Kanye West K West just
subscribed thank you for one the awesome
name and two for subscribing we really
appreciate it
why is everyone so butthurt asks totally
not Bruce Wayne was so butthurt about
things in general why do people get
defensive about these things I don't
know if if we knew the answer to that we
would be a lot better off than we are
now
um many people still get butthurt does
that still an expression that people use
butter totally not Bruce Wayne just said
it okay here here's my real talk on that
which is the things that we like or
dislike
help describe who we are as people yes
they are the flags that we wave and so
when you choose to wave a flag and
someone says they dislike that flag it
affects us as people because it affects
the way we view ourselves how other
people view us which is uh in getting
deep in door so are you saying the more
like the people that complain not
complain but get upset at the idea of
you liking something they don't they are
less they're more insecure um possibly I
would say that possibly I think I think
that would be a fair analysis of the
situation okay is they use these
external things to define pieces of
themselves and so then when when you
don't like the thing that they like it
means that the thing that they use to
define themselves
is not like therefore you don't like
them okay Star Wars fans likes to
prequel fans huh
right so yeah maybe insecurities hey
that's a good way to put it J okay you
mark up absolutely I will write a
long-form essay on butthurt oh you want
to talk about Telugu itch let's what if
I can talk about teleplays I took some
of my some of the time off in which I
was not working the past couple days to
play a game that I've really been
wanting to play telltale a glitch and
it's super badass much much like binding
of issac it's a twin stick shooter
roguelike so you only get one life to
make it through the whole thing
randomized levels but it's set in this
very depressing world in which you're on
an alien planet in there are zombies but
the are the alien zombies maybe there
are aliens I don't know I haven't gotten
a full story which would suck anyway
because I hate story all stories in all
games but the the execution of this game
is very strange and it's very what were
you talking about the other day with a
movie that made you feel sick in a good
way
uh enemy here probably enemy yeah it's
it's a game that did that to me the
execution of the layout of the levels
they have this sort of fog of war thing
where you can't see certain things okay
and admit sometimes it makes me feel
really ill and I think it's purposeful
hmm it's very bleak and very wonderful
tells you yeah I've been really enjoying
it
and they have like a crafting system
where you know you collect all these
items but you only have so many slots
and you can craft stuff and it's very
nice
oh very nice I'm getting a little I'm
getting a little wound up I feel like
I'm yelling no no you're not yelling
okay would you want to play the game no
no no you're doing it you're on a great
run a great no death run I say you I
mean you gotta keep it go
no no death ish well I'm still not sure
how to count those but this right we
that was our rule from the get-go I know
and and your logic behind that being
that there is no skull and crossbones
there is no skull and crossbones I am
gonna allow gonna allow it
oh that's an interesting question no I
have exam 120 I will I will put that out
to the group do you think that you would
be willing to like something that you
previously disliked and vice versa it's
happened before
yeah that happens sometimes I'm trying
to think of an example of it yeah yeah I
am too but I know what happened and I
don't think it's a matter willing to
like something that you didn't used to
like it's just you know you're coming at
it from a different perspective maybe or
your tastes have changed sure sure
oh god what would be an example of that
I know there's plenty of things that I
used to like that I would watch now I'm
not what yeah that thing you things you
like as a kid that's easier yeah
something that I didn't like that now I
do oh god no I mean like spinach yeah
yeah I'm gonna get a Moody's we're
talking food yeah I'm talking love
spinach and like that when I was I will
leave this shit out of some spinach of
broccoli I want to see Master of Orion I
think I took a look at that game as a
younger man and I thought promise little
worried okay she was boring and now I
played it and I'm like oh my fucking god
[Laughter]
sure I can remember a story about liking
something and then figuring out that I
disliked it
what was the Tim Robbins goes to Mars
movie face of Mars mask of Mars there's
a movie called mission to Mars mission
Robbins in this yes it was Brian De
Palma directed that I never saw it
it's a terrible I remember hearing a bad
but for some reason when I saw that in
the theater I had convinced myself that
it was a good movie and I I cannot
explain why I thought this because
that's Brian De Palma I'm sure it looked
fine days later I go back and I want I
go to the theater again to watch it with
a different person
oh yeah because I was like this movie is
great I watched it again days later Wow
this could be the end and it was
terrible Jay
Wow never in my opinion changed that
quickly usually something it washes a
kid then they watch it as I sure it's
dogs but no this was this was very real
and I knew it right away and I ended
more so because I had recommended we go
see it because I had just enjoyed it
someone huh and then almost immediately
I realized that was wrong interesting
and that was way before I did drawing so
nice one rich nice one is mission to
Mars better than ghosts of Mars see here
okay so now something that a piece of
art or something that we did not like
when I was little when I was younger I
didn't like Nirvana
when Nirvana came out I was like how old
are you in sixth grade I was that age
okay and I didn't like him because at
that age I was into like Weird Al and I
think this musics like screaming and
depressing
mm-hmm and then when I got into like
high school I started laying around I'm
still love it that is inner bottom okay
fair enough
but that that's one that I can think of
where my opinion change okay
but they still going along with yeah
with age which I guess is probably gonna
be the case with anything we come up
with that's what I'm trying to think of
something that there was less of an age
gap yeah yeah I'm sure there's something
but I cannot think of it yeah is there
anything along the same lines was there
anything that maybe won you over midway
through like a movie that maybe started
off a little bad but it ended
brilliantly um you know where you went
in with super low expectations and then
the movie gradually won you over
probably is I can't think of anything
yeah yeah I think it's a you're asking a
good question question we're just bad at
remembering anything it's too good of a
question yeah because it's in there
somewhere I mean I can I can tell you as
a gamer as a younger gamer there is no
way I would have the patience or MTL
because I like games like this you know
I like fighting and the super poo-poos
and so the fact that I have so many
hours into FTL is it is definitely
changed I can now appreciate this the
slower burn of some games I'm still not
a hundred percent like Richards but
rocking this guy really hard fucking his
shit I can tell you for the longest time
I did not play first-person shooters
because I got terribly motion sick
that was before I got a computer so PC
master-race
all the way as soon as I got a computer
and played first person shooters
correctly it was still with the
controller people I stopped hearing
motion say you're playing with a
controller Jack you're not playing
correctly you shut the fuck up good
oh you know an example and I mentioned
earlier in the stream the master the
Paul Thomas Anderson movie oh it's not
that I dislike that the first time I saw
it I just knew something about it wasn't
clicking with me mm-hmm and then I
rewatched it again there's like this
great Oh
Joaquin Phoenix is jerking off into the
ocean this is great his character in
that movie is just fantastic yeah yeah
okay but it was a hard movie to get into
there you go so there there's an example
that's a fine example the fine example I
[Music]
feel like that might be the case if I
ever rewatching only God forgives to
breath I have a feeling I would like it
more on a repeat viewing sure I did the
first time I saw it and that's another
one I didn't dislike it but again I felt
like I was missing something
yeah and I felt like that like mid
movies where it's like you know you
watch you watch something like like
there will be Blondin which you know has
a very deliberate pace about it but if
you're not on the same wavelength yeah
you won't get it until via you know like
when it all comes together into a
brilliant sort of slow burn but I
remember not necessarily being in the
mood to watch there will be blood okay
and it won me over as I watched it yeah
it it slowed me down okay yeah yeah it's
there some movies like that where you
have to be in the right frame of mind to
start watching it yeah is that movie
does start off pretty slow I think it's
great but oh of course of course it's
great but you know you know this game is
beautiful no game is beautiful I can
tell you something that I was really
excited to watch it was horribly
disappointed by there's been plenty of
those no I think recently which was they
came together oh yeah you didn't like it
I really didn't I thought it was
hilarious fucking love everyone involved
with everything and I was horribly
disappointed
but perhaps out a rewatch I would find
it more entertaining it's possible
because I fucking love everyone involved
with that word all the time I'd love for
everyone involved with that movies
unwavering but I thought the movie was
really bad so maybe that needs a rear
watch did you watch the the last couple
of David Wain directed movies before
that though I saw these role models and
wanderlust oh no I haven't seen either
of those okay
see those are is more mainstream like II
didn't role models I guess this kind of
a director for higher yeah
and it's it's a very mainstream kind of
typical comedy yeah it's not bad it's
well done for what it is but it's not
like a wet hot American summer or the
state it's not like humor yeah and same
with water losses um so when I saw they
came together I was like oh the return
to what he was doing this is great
oh sure and I never left what he was
doing okay yeah perspective yeah so what
you're saying is are unique the unique
ways in which we live our lives and see
the things we see reflected on how we
perceive works of art no it means your
stupid pants yeah I think the 10 was the
last one I saw it okay like did he and
he did the Baxter - alright Michael
Showalter David Wain is in it but he
didn't want your director I really like
the Baxter I think you you didn't like
it that much right I didn't I got the
joke Peter Dinklage is in that movie I
needs greatness stupid pants new
emoticon absolutely
you guys like David Fincher movies yes
yes
hey David Fincher is a quality filmmaker
even Wiis working with not the best
material oh I may have more to say about
him in an upcoming episode of one of our
programs whoa yeah no I love David
venture yeah I agree
the only movie of his because I there's
been multiple movies of Israel say that
the the craftsmanship outweighs the
maybe less than stellar script her story
yeah the only movie that I couldn't get
past that with was the Curious Case of
Benjamin Button that's the one where I
felt like he was his style was at such
odds with the scripts and what the tone
of the movie should have been or what
was probably thought to be when it was
written where that's the only one I
visit I just don't like I you know what
I don't even think about that as one of
his movies yeah see because it's so
different yeah but you need that's the
type of movie and I generally don't like
schmaltzy feel-good type movies but that
script was written with that kind of
tone in mind you can tell absolutely how
your David Fincher it was like the
cynical asshole to make it such odds I
didn't get it and it's just the scene
for scene remake of Forrest Gump but as
far as the script goes it seems acts a
movie the Jennie character you got the
Lieutenant Dan character it's the same
thing it kind of is you kind of and I
believe it's the same writer too I would
absolutely believe it I'm pretty sure it
is absolutely
I think we've discussed this on the
stream before about my dislike of the
girl with the dragon sent to okay so
yeah like that all everything about that
movie except for the filmmaking yeah if
that makes sense
oh sure that's that's kind of how I felt
when I first saw it I rewatched it
though like last year and I actually
liked it a lot more
as a story the second time through oh
there's another example then there you
go what I was so I thought the story was
so dull yeah it was a simple have you
seen a second time I have not seen it a
second thought okay this is the problem
it's just so dull it was a simple lie it
was an episode of CSI
I appreciated the details of it the
second time that I didn't exactly pick
up on Major's time I thought I thought
his filmmaking was uncanny oh yeah it's
great everything every single frame is
beautiful yeah but I just thought it was
really boring and I did not much care
for the character arts
and that design of it what else has he
done favorite Fight Club like seven
