Episode 086
Guacamelee - No Death Attempt (Part 1.4)
October 22, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBg8_Ww3pSI
___________________________________________

that fire but it's very good whoa social
network you did that well you know I
have a seat astok oh you haven't I have
not I'm a man I'm not being sarcastic I
think Fight Club is my favorite okay I
like it a lot I think it's a good movie
but I don't think I could say it's a
favor done even my favorite David
Fincher movie that's zodiac oh I love
zodiac you know what Fight Club Fight
Club is one of the few movies that might
be better than the book yeah I read the
book I read the book too
yeah yeah I liked the movie more I enjoy
the movie more than I enjoy the book he
cut out a lot of fat that was in the
book yeah and and he did it right yeah
he cut off the whole ending there was a
whole other part of the story after the
after the end of the movie yeah but he
cut out a whole bunch of Tyler Durden
stuff that was super unnecessarily movie
ya know if I clubs if I codes good I I
know I social network is on my short
list
it's things I wouldn't really need to
see
did he do American Psycho now oh no book
to film oh okay
book to film is Alice that was a book
American Psycho is a book I've always
meant to read now and I just never got
around to it it's a hard read that's why
I wanted to read it
it is a hard fucking read I end and so
in any the question of American Psycho
book versus movie the book is a hard
read because of the meticulous nature of
the main character and the descriptions
of the things I'm doing yes
yeah which adds to the site bonus in a
way that the film cannot okay you know
it gets as well he's likable in an odd
way in the movie yeah so American Psycho
book of better by a hair okay oh you say
the book is better in the movie by hair
okay
even though the book is a fucking hard
read Jesus Christ I can't say how many
times I put that goddamn book down I
think I only finished it out of spite to
the book it will finish you goddamn boy
I remember seen that movie in the
theater because me as a couple of
friends but my friend Nick there's the
parkways chasing the woman through the
hallway wearing nothing but sneakers
jackets on so yeah and there's the part
when he drops the chainsaw down the the
hallway and it lands on her and he just
goes he's looking over the railing and
he just goes like ah yes that's it like
that my friend Nick was laughing so hard
and everyone's like turning and looking
at on a slave that's so great
I don't know what it was about that
particular moment he could know it stop
laughing that's the way I think it's
just like the absurdity of it no way he
just goes ah yeah I can see that yeah
I can see that and don't take stream
don't take this as a negative to the
mood you're saying the movie sucks of
course yeah that's a good movie I
haven't seen it in a really long time I
should re-watch that green but you know
like an example I think we've talked
about this before I've definitely talked
about it with fucking Jessie is
Fletch oh yeah fuck I fucking hate the
Fletch movie more than more than I've
hated anything in my life because the
book is so fucking good movies good fuck
the movie the book is so great and I
haven't seen it in a while and I really
want to see it re watch it just as a
movie yes that crazy movie it's very
good it's one of the few really good
Chevy Chase vehicles that could be the
movie I changed my mind about but I also
just recently reread the book oh and
it's so fucking good you need that
separation
now you can't watch the movie he wants
to move you for another ten years
my book is out of your mind Oh watch if
you like detective stories which I
really do much is so fucking good there
you going for gold and everyone yeah
nice
books to me I and how I'm on books the
movie that was something that I was
thinking about recently the the series
of books I just got done reading to with
starting with wool yeah has been
optioned for a movie for a long and it's
a long book and thinking about them
turning that into a movie it could be
really good it would actually I think
make a better series it was make a
better TV series just because of its
length Tom yeah but I would hate oh I
can't dodge it I would hate for them to
make that into a movie the more I
thought about it yeah it's cuz you know
you get you get into characters heads
and focus in a way that you can't yes in
films
oh I haven't rich have you read any the
dark tower stuff no I heard it was good
Stephen King yeah I started reading the
first one oh my god this much it was
many years ago I don't remember some
woman started having her period and that
was important for some reason because
it's a Stephen King book and he
describes it as more detail that he
beats that's great yeah I've never been
a big fan of the Stephen King books I've
read yeah but I like some of the movies
based on his books silver there's been a
lot of shitty Stephen King movies though
yeah all the things you say are correct
it I love the mist it's so good this is
so good but then you get thinner dinner
yeah thinner sucks that was what the bad
robot oh my god is losing weight
Oh terrible yeah the main kind thinner
is played by the guy that was Robocop in
Robocop 3 oh yeah oh really
yeah fuck him
Oh Stephen King Batman is a premise
machine yes gotta love him for that you
could you know maybe you don't gotta
love him maybe you've got a respect him
the man's got ideas man's guide Diaz and
he will write those ideas down don't
think he won't then never second-guess
him almost empty oh you're not getting
silver net I'm good silver I'm not gonna
go Oh what do you have to do good go 120
I got a hundred fifteen oh you need a
hit Street yeah oh there you go you see
someone wrote shot shank was okay but
the sequel the Shawshank Redemption was
really good I've actually never seen
that movie really that's the one
everybody oh my that's why when I say
haven't seen that is also my favorite
movie of all time okay
yeah everybody says it's great when I
say I haven't seen it they freak out so
you know I have to I just haven't done
it yet it's surprising only because I
know the volume of movies that you watch
yeah yeah I guess I don't know what fuck
those red guys did you lose it already
uh I'm not gonna have time to get out
220 is that enough
someone's making fun of you rich for
saying that Fight Club is his favorite
moving but The Dark Tower series is a
bunch of crap why why oh he called you a
mouth breather I call him an asshole
also his user name is Steven Seagal 12
so I mean that maybe not the best yeah
I've never understood that comes up
sometimes two people would say like will
you like this but you didn't like this
that's like they're two separate things
yeah I liked one for these reasons I
didn't like the other one for these
reasons new ones yeah
grey areas weird thing that's how
opinions work it's true really true it's
how opinions work
you mean you like the movie but didn't
like a book yeah what my cousin was
really this is still really into Stephen
King out of the dark side cut Dark Tower
series all the time which is the only
reason why I mentioned some people say
it was good but he's also really into
Stephen King and I've never cared for it
I started reading a lot of Stephen King
books because I loved his premises and
then I read the book and I'm like oh
this is terrible yeah have some
absolutely but and I think that's why I
like some of the movies based on his
books more than the books because the
premise is good but he always gets so
like off track or talks about weird
things he also thought he could write a
superior version as a movie version of
the shiney to Stanley Kubrick's he did
what he did he didn't like Stanley
Kubrick's version of The Shining so he
wrote the made-for-tv version of him
starting the guy from wings yep and it's
terrible of course it would be not just
because it was a made-for-tv thing and
had a lower budget it was do you have to
get golden every year if I want to get
the over but I want to get all the orbs
okay I didn't I didn't know you were
doing an orb thing I don't sell it for
shit endings rich Evans
settle for shit ends oh my god come on
so do you remember the last time you
asked how long he'd been playing the
game yeah I was like an hour yeah she
liked to me that seems like five minutes
ago now this feels like a couple hours
ago that was two hours ago yeah yeah
that's about right
that's insane to me okay so no TV and no
beer make home or something that's
that's great County right there Oh crazy
don't find new thoughts on Lebowski the
movie okay The Big Lebowski I can only
find the Big Lebowski with the exist on
the theater nobody else did it was like
a huge flop and it became kind of a
wasn't a cult movie yeah I didn't do
very well I don't know if I was a flop
but it didn't do very well but it wasn't
so later that it kind of developed a
following
I thought it was hilarious the first
time I saw
yes but with exactly two exceptions
every Coen Brothers movie is great
Ladykillers yep
what's the other one oh it's the
romantic comedy Oh with orange meanie um
do we remember what it's even called
fuck what is that movie called I just
watched it for the first time like a
year ago yeah
stop it intolerable cruelty nice one
nice I remember I avoided it for the
longest time and then someone convinced
me that it was actually pretty good yeah
so I watched it and it was okay
this is okay I honestly don't remember
much about it it was like in one ear out
the other
yeah Ladykillers has more memorable
things about it than that one and it's
not good Tom Hanks I would say
Ladykillers is worth seeing just for Tom
Paine Tom Hanks acting his ass off but
then you have like Damon Wayans isn't it
and he's doing his Damon Wayans dick and
I said why is this in the same movie
meat is very weird right that was when I
started to get worried about the Coen
Brothers is like is this where they're
going banana an intolerable cruelty but
then they bounced back they bounce back
hard yes cuz I wasn't after that was no
country yeah right after that shit they
bounce back hard okay
the mr. Andrew Hawking's my favorite
Coen Brothers movie is bargain Bank
oh that's a good one abso-fucking-lutely
barton fink is beautiful
well that movie and if any of you our
fan of the Coen Brothers and have not
seen Clark are missing out Jon to
motherfucking Turo what am i one of my
favorite movies about writer's block
Yeah right that movie and
patien well in just about like the
nature of the industry yeah the whole
thing I want you to write a simple movie
and then he goes out of his way to yo oh
my god and it has elements that reminded
me of a racer head which I thought was
cool it's like the Coen brothers and
David Lynch combined yeah John Goodman's
real avoid 9 million Goodman's brilliant
oh wait I barely got it you just got it
nice yeah Oh Martin thanks grant yeah
cuz usually that's the the divide is
Barton Fink or Miller's Crossing which
is your favorite
I like Miller's Crossing I think that's
a really good movie I don't think I like
it as much as a lot of people do yeah
you know who like who likes Miller's
Crossing Miller Miller's Crossing is
older people oh yeah they love it okay
cuz it's a gangster movie I guess it's a
fine movie and it's never been one of my
favorite Coen Brothers movies might be a
little too dry or my taste sure no uh-uh
yeah I could be within that oh you know
what I actually I did not see their
version of True Grit
it sounds good that's solid okay I
haven't seen the original either I
haven't seen the original bit there
their version is good okay as you can
say with most movie starring him it's
well worth of just version I'm pretty
sure
ice rage you're killing it
Oh No and I laugh I know it was one of
their their larger hits commercially or
whatever but I love Fargo when people
when people ask me like like the ICAT
what a perfect movie I say Fargo on a
technical level on a storytelling level
everything about that movie is there's
nothing there's no wrong note in that
film I'm gonna go ahead and agree with
it's not my favorite movie of all time
but I think it's a perfect movie I
believe that you are correct
Fargo is great I can watch that movie
anytime absolutely those Coen brothers
they're so they're so good at making
movies they've really fucking are and
then just like what what happens
Ladykillers yeah I really wonder like
that bad and intolerable cruelty what
happened guys those are right in a row
yeah maybe something was happening like
in their life I could be I don't know
and they just they just didn't have time
but they knew they needed to put out
some chances I guess but on some shit
maybe was a conscious effort to put out
two pieces of shit well then they
weren't larger movies those four likes
to do movies and they don't studio
movies before but those were some other
I think higher end ones like oh brother
was a studio movie chair where the big
budget and like some schmaltz to it and
they still fucking knock that on the
mark yeah yeah I don't know Evil Dead 2
is not a perfect movie here of glad it's
a great movie you know what it might be
for what it is I think it might be a
perfect movie hey now you've already
you've already made it not perfect by
saying for what it is no you have to
take that into consideration when you
talk about everybody I don't know oh my
god you're totally right but oh if
someone just mentioned yet another
brilliant Coen Brothers movie the
hudsucker proxy
I need to rewatch that I'm
a long time a second I heard here
tonight actually go oh yeah it's a good
one
fuck a great movie huh sucker
Roxy wished so just someone saying
Tarantino's Django was who I disagree
how about that
i i will tend to agree that I don't
think Tarantino has it in them to make a
bad movie putting that out there
yeah you might make a movie you don't
like yeah but he is a very talented
filmmaker that man is competent as shit
did you watch the whole thing cuz
usually with Tarantino movies I find
that I hate them up until the end and
then I'll his sequence in um what is it
cut four rooms yeah his sequence of four
rooms is one of the most infuriating
things known to man until the very end
to the very end and then and then the
entire thing is worth it in perfect
that's kind of like did you see his
grindhouse movie the deaf room I saw it
I didn't I see it with you oh did we
maybe we saw the double feature in the
theater yeah okay maybe but that's
another one where like it's very slow
its then but then you get to the end
you're like that made the whole thing
it's the first half of his movie is
insufferable it's people talking about
random bullshit yeah the second half is
an hour and a half long car chase
brilliant brilliant yeah that purpose is
great
but only the theatrical cut did you see
the DVD cap oh the extended cut yeah um
I think so it's really bad
yeah well that's already that doesn't
need to be very long
keep it short with that one yeah death
Proof was horrendous you probably saw
the extended cut watch the theatrical
cut if nothing else Kurt Russell was
great in it
even if you don't like the rest of the
movie here Russell's is really good that
part how can you not like that car chase
uh
I think more so than any other Tarantino
movie I can understand people not liking
it because it is tough to sit through
the first part of it like the dialogue
is because that's you know Tarantino is
known for his dialogue but even in that
way the dialogue is kind of boring yeah
yeah it is it's it's doesn't start off
great no no it's not it's worth it yeah
it becomes worth it with that car chase
and Kurt Russell and the very end always
get Russell always their puzzle never
not Kurt Russell that's that's our new
motto here a red letter media never not
go Russell
oh don't you're gonna start some shit
with that there's like Jackie Brown
bores me to death
J grounds my favorite movie of this time
Sammy's don't shit I I think it's great
it's not the only movie he's done that
felt like you is maturing as a filmmaker
because it's about older characters and
like Pam Grier is talking about having a
fat ass and Robert foresters talking
about getting hair plugs like their
older characters they're not doing the
the the quick woody dialogue sure so it
feels like a movie that's slowed down a
little bit in a good way all right but
then he just went and made his cool
movies everything's gotta be cool that
was that was the most grandpa thing ever
you say he's gotta make his cool movie
that is important I think we gotta be
cool everyone wears sunglasses listen to
hip-hop or whatever like that Jackie
Brown slowed things down and I like the
story of the night I think Pam Grier is
greatness um and they followed it up
with Kill Bill which is like oh you know
awesome all this shit is you know yeah
okay well the second half Kill Bill Vol
2 is the one that people say is the
boring one but that's what it's like oh
he's getting the characters more that's
interesting I like both upon my but they
were you know what they work well
together they work all together they do
that is true the first half is the the
action and the cool stuff in the second
half is the the soul yeah yeah the first
time the first movie you're like oh you
won't want to see her get her revenge
this is badass and then she gets her
revenge it's kind of depressing and the
second one yeah
yeah it's like revenge isn't pretty it's
not some cool badass thing I will I will
eventually see Django I have not yet
that's good you know what I'm waiting
for some of the hype today it's been
like two years yeah yeah and the fact
that they're bringing it up in Chad
means there's still enough time for me
to just say I'm gonna I'm gonna wait
okay cuz I need us out of nowhere right
what they brought it up out of no way
did we weren't even talk we were talking
about fucking coloured brothers unless
they're trying to make a joke let it
confuse the Coen Brothers of Tarantino
oh is that the thing that could happen
okay there's a logic in there somewhere
I'm sure I'm sure it's I every Tarantino
is a big enough dork where I'm sure to
let least be good that's why I want the
hype to die down cuz I want to watch it
fresh that's why I'm also waiting to see
Titanic just waiting for that have not
seen Titanic
have you actually not seems like I'm
actually not seen Titanic I that came
out when I was in high school in my like
anti Hollywood you know young Hollywood
phrase I avoided it and then I came out
on video the famous to tape yeah which I
think my sister bought or something you
can't copy in the house absence so I
finally watched it is alright I'm sure
that was all that's the last time I
watched it I have no interested in
rebuilding it it is okay what about
avatar that's Ron James Cameron um I
honestly don't remember much of Avatar I
remember not caring about anything that
was happening in it but this is
good-looking I couldn't care less about
anything it's you know each other I saw
one fine it's fine I saw it once I don't
much it's not a movie that left any
impression on me yeah perfectly
acceptable avatar is the movie that
convinced me that 3d will never work as
the only showing that was available for
us to see was a 3d showing yeah yeah yes
yeah under squinting half the time yep
tingle taking the glasses off and
squinting cuz it's so uncomfortable it
was a nd you know I have glasses so I
have to put on the glasses on my glasses
all makes I feel great for me that sucks
and then of course they do the swooshing
past all the characters and it's like
you're swooshing by cardboard figures
yeah
and it's it's it's 3ds so bad that James
Cameron of course is a cute proponent of
it so if anyone was going to really do
it well it was gonna be him yeah fuck
well that's a movie to vent like when it
came out he was a huge hit like that
movie made all the money all the money's
in the world all the money's all the
work nobody talks about it anymore
that's movie that comes out because
shitload of money and then kind of
vanishes you know you're absolutely
right yeah what does let's let me hurt
anyone ever mentioned avatar oh my god
totally right a flash in the pan will
that be like a Sin City situation when
the sequel comes out you like I don't
know I know well in James Cameron's
bacon like the rest of his career on
Avatar sequels like he's got two three
and four lined up it's not even like
it's a great story
no it's not a great story it's not a
terribly interesting universe to explore
no I I don't know what in James
Cameron's a crazy person hey but it's
true it's very true no it's it's it's
fine I miss the early James Cameron
movies the straightforward Yama Nader's
like that movie is so simple and tells a
great story very simply and even the
second one I like Terminator 2 but that
one is like I'm starting to see it the
blood is starting to come in no but yeah
that's exactly what avatar is it's a
straightforward story with a
men sponging yeah he has never made
anything that hasn't been a straight
forward story his budget has just
exponentially grown no he well not not
just budget but blokes in the
storytelling show really complicated
it's too many characters too preachy and
what he's trying to say it's got a
little ham-fisted with the social calm
yes yeah ham-fisted is a good term to
use the main character starts off was a
dull jarhead and he ends as a dull
jargon Dulcy I obviously don't remember
what happens if I'm one of them No Oh
does he abandon earth culture or he'll
yeah yeah that's stupid that is that's
stupid
I'm supposed to be sorry about changing
growth but he doesn't seem that much
different to me yeah yeah it doesn't
help that the lead actor was horribly
boring
yeah avatar I remember that good on him
he's a talented filmmaker certainly but
I don't care you know like I don't know
if we've ever discussed this on stream
the I am okay with George Lucas I know
whoa Jay just shot me a look this is
gonna no I have a feeling you're going
somewhere with this no idea what it
would possibly be so so George Lucas
turned into a crazy person yes and you
know made some really bad movies but in
making those bad movies he elevated the
states of nonlinear digital editing sure
so you appreciate him for his
contributions to the technical aspects
of filmmaking okay yes
fine fine and so I'm willing to forgive
a lot of his movie sins because he has
done so much for the world that I'd have
it okay digital movies are still
horrible movies are still horrible but
without him directly J digital editing
would not exist in the in the fashion it
exists now is that true yes okay that's
very true so we all need to thank him a
lot for things like per meter and final
cut
mostly final cut but James Cameron has
backed all the wrong Tony's he's back in
60 frames a second yeah I've been 3d
yeah it's even hard for me to be on his
side about anything
but I hate the opening crawl of the Star
Wars movies damn it guys so what you're
saying is you hate George Lucas fucking
guys don't hate it it works perfectly in
works perfectly well in the movie it's
de matically correct but it is
unnecessary apps
everybody's an asshat I liked George
Lucas before is cool absolutely
shouldn't make me laugh
good take me for everything go on you
can do it kind of I want to the harness
it means once it gets to the platforming
once I'm fine sure hi Evan a sad good
yeah I'm glad I do you know that the
stream is one of those things where if
George Lucas needs to go off to make his
his crap and that means I get a better
nonlinear digital editor that's fine by
me
he dude he does what he do well what do
I get if camera makes another movie what
a cleaner ocean fuck that how does that
make my job as an editor easier did
Peter Jackson get uncrazy
I don't think he did he's not crazy he's
just self-indulgent well I guess if you
talking about him backing this 60 frames
a second then maybe
he comes across like a lover of cinema
James Cameron comes across like a like a
you can maniacal asshole that yeah yeah
with Mike I'm one you got the ball
rolling on what we're talking about guys
are you guys weird yeah right rich can
restart the challenge by pressing back
on the controller okay so if you know
it's lost sorry you're closed
there you go nicely done nicely then I
prematurely cheer for you that's okay
that's okay you did it go
congratulations good oh you lost 150 but
yeah Boop someone is asking how
guacamelee is on the Wii U exactly the
same as it is on everything else it's
great
it runs the same we play I played it on
the Wii U I played it a year ago on my
Vita and we played it on the PC and it
runs smooth as butter on all systems so
it had just the right amount of team for
optimization
smooth butter oh my god
he is turning to a chicken can yeah
there's anymore not enough space oh oh
really
just not enough space for that oh yeah
nice there you go all right oh but you
have to do in 30 seconds yeah Paul WS
Anderson did event horizon
yes really mmm I hate horizon yeah I can
see that that's a movie I seem to see
people talk about now is being like this
great horror film I saw in the theater
yeah way way back when it came out and I
remember thinking it kind of sucked but
had some creepy imagery in it yeah but I
have not seen a sense I remember being
really dumb well Paul WS Anderson yeah
it was it absolutely had really creepy
imagery in it okay I remembered the
creepy imagery just looked like shit
pulled out of a Hellraiser movie Oh
looks like Hellraiser imagery but I
don't three ones you know what it rips
off doom doom doom a future ass human
experimenting with what some kind of
teleportation warm old tech technology
accidentally opens up a portal to Hell
and Satan takes over some kind of space
station and there's all kind of bizarre
satanic imagery along with science
fiction stuff oh okay yeah well rich I
never thought about like that so we're
in not like I doubted you would be
absolutely right
define good fire yeah I just remember it
being kind of silly yeah I'd have to
rewatch it I haven't seen it that's the
theater but I did not know it was Paul
WS Anderson play yes I think I was one
of his first movies oh very funny that's
really fast
spear great premise horrible movie that
was Stephen King isn't it scary Stephen
King I don't know I don't think so
I read sphere the sphere they're
underwater yep they're underwater I
never saw great premise yeah a decent
book spheres a decent read it can it be
like that kind of thing who wrote s--
oh no Michael Crichton ah yeah Michael
Crichton wrote sphere before the chat
could tell me I remember that spheres an
alright book it's it's a bit of a mind
fuck it's is fun but yes silly movie
it's it's one of those it's one of those
things that need a book what was in that
movie Dustin Hoffman okay and maybe oh
who is the lady
maybe Sharon Stone that sounds right
yeah Dustin Hoffman and Sharon Stone
terrible movie decent book decent book
isn't read what it's Michael Crichton
jodie foster's that was it and Sam
Jackson what that could be
I would believe it I had no idea that
what I'm trying to read the chat I'm
losing you guys apparently some people
like event horizon all right that's what
I'm saying it's got a following I just
remember it not being good yeah but I'd
have to rewatch it maybe I'll rewatch it
for Halloween time one of my Halloween
movies maybe it maybe it'll be a movie
in which you change your mind
possible unlikely but possible flop when
it came out I remember that it got like
horrible reviews cuz it was silly
what can we please talk 14:08 oh you
know I just watched that for the first
time like a month ago what is it it's
based on a Stephen King story
John Cusack and Sam Jackson okay and
John Cusack is a guy that goes around
like debunking the acontece tabla shman
okay and so he goes to this hotel and
stays in the room 1408 that's supposedly
haunted it's incredibly boring a great
setup Sam Jackson is goodness early
seems like it's a good setup as far as
establishing the history of this room
and then it just gets fucking dumb dumb
and dull okay I'm not scary in any way
there you go is he a face overview
that's it that's all I got the same but
yeah cuz that was one I heard was sort
of an effective cuz I'm always looking
for movies that actually creepy
it doesn't happen much anymore because
they're too jaded I think but that was
what I heard was kind of creepy so yeah
I know it's tough when especially the
more you know about moviemaking but the
tougher it is to actually freak you out
yeah I think that's part of it and I
think it's like so many movies over
explain what is happening yeah you know
it looks like it's not creepy when you
know what's happening no going back a
bit you know you know why I hate ever
event horizon I don't these people will
the chat will love it they're wrong
yeah it's yes it's it's like she passed
jump-scare after cheap-ass jump-scare
it's the movie equivalent of a screamer
okay sure yeah I hate that I could see
that someone was asking about
confessions of a dangerous mind oh I
know you don't like that movie I don't
like that movie yeah why the book is
great that's another movie that I really
dislike because the book is so good
no Jack Metroid what oh this is new
I didn't even yeah oh that's great look
it's great this is new in super
championship to audition yeah chicken
bones that's great yeah confessions of a
dangerous mind is a really fun book a
winner is you fuck reference uh
everything's a reference
he wasn't referencing a wetters you a
wrestling rule ok nes wrestle does that
what that did yeah a winner is you I
don't think I see can't I was ever
actually able to successfully get the
belt
oh so many times I never did it oh
that's all right that's all right so
yeah confessions of a dangerous mind
read the book it's a really fun read
it's it's the exact correct way on how
to write an autobiography
I also saw the chance someone was asking
about a movie that like legitimately
scared you like asking what a movie
those yeah enemies good news like what
what is what is us movie that really
creeped you out I can tell you that the
very first time he Blair Witch Project
yes I was legitimately creeped out yeah
yeah I would agree with that before that
became a thing well I was hyped for that
movie I heard about it like a year
before it came out yeah the these you
know nobody filmmakers shot this thing
in the woods like super so I was I was
hyped to see it and then I said I
convinced a bunch of people I went to
high school with to go opening night
they had no idea what it was because
this before it became such a huge thing
right and some of them are board that
had imaginations were creeped out yeah
yeah that's great
haven't seen it you've never seen it
really really oh alright there you go
yeah it's rare for me to watch a movie
now that actually creeps me out this
doesn't happen anymore unfortunately I
wish it did I wish I could get scared
like I did when I was little they missed
that feeling die I like being scared I
like that feeling but it doesn't doesn't
happen anymore
it's hard it's hard to you let go I've
had to replace it with movies that make
me feel sick movies can still do that oh
a Cannibal Holocaust nah it doesn't get
the you're not gonna feel more disgusted
and miserable than you will after
watching Cannibal Holocaust great piece
of filmmaking a very well done movie but
oh yeah I thought that was a decent
documentary they said if you want to be
scared
you should watch Jesus camp
I haven't seen Jesus can it's a fine
documentary yeah it's you know one of
they teach children to hate everybody
listen it's also one of those rare
documentaries where they just show what
is you know ya know no point of view you
know one of the good - yeah they just
show what's happening and you can either
really like it or be disgusted by him oh
it's not one of those documentaries
that's trying to tell you how you're
supposed to think yeah that's crazy it's
really weird I know and dudes campers
are okay yeah I should watch that I've
never seen it it's all right I mean
it'll make you sad yeah but that's fine
SOS kind of scared me gutter Punk
threatened yeah that was that yeah yeah
that one's creepy yeah yeah and when
they get to the end of the world stuff
and it's Shu full yes that's creepy
right people are looking forward to that
wasn't it the same cult or were they
actually poisoned a bunch of people on a
subway train they've really some nerve
gas or something ridiculous I mean I
wouldn't believe it
I think it's that cult I guess I
remember us watching that and figuring
out what it was and just being horrified
so Wes
hiccuping don't go to the grocery store
I think that's the thing that horrified
me the most cuz I had never heard of
this crazy like barcode scanners is the
sign of the beast and so we like I
started googling what the barcode
scanner thing is just like people think
this is real yep this is a real thing
that people think is real yeah I forgot
the chili you need the chili you need
the chili people think any of it real
any of its real that's been shocking to
me yeah you're ready yo ray-ray but
we're not here to preach we're here to
talk I'm certainly not here to preach
preach anything race you can preach a
lot of things you don't gotta preach
nothin new one
that however might be real what what
room I'm trying to catch up on the chat
here which is euphoric are you about
what about one fun fact that the cult
claims that men and women should
masturbate to the idea of Jesus yes when
men make love to women they're supposed
to imagine they're making love to Jesus
what oh yes
whoa can we go back to talking about
that they're supposed to imagine they're
the woman in the stirring the sex act
I don't that sounds like something if
someone wrote that in the chat and you
weren't here to verify it Ricky I would
say they're fucking with us
yeah wow that's that's insane well we
didn't know we watched SOS that the cult
was creepy Reverend right right that's
everything I'm supposed to get yeah
bring out all the Jesus they get of fun
yeah okay
bong Oh Doug agrees with Jay yeah let's
talk about it I don't know where I don't
know what a proper segue is from her
event horizon from scary we went to some
movies that spooked us out yes I know I
think
isn't that what Mike said that's why he
like watches the ghost shows because
they would creep him out right well he
just finds the whole subject interesting
right I'm kind of the same way that I
really watch the ghost shows because
watching the modern ones it just feels
like you're watching con men yeah I'm
not watching a show and they I thought
they believed in what they were doing I
would find it interesting but ghost
adventure makes me want to punch that
guy in the
Dec Baggins Zac bag I'm not I'm not
trying to emotionally upset you but do
you think this ghosts in the house would
kill you a lot of those almost rich
almost yeah wait till I get this that
might yell the Mikaelson my review
that's one problem over only need to
hear Jake
little bit closer to Jay I'll do unreal
the chat wants me to do a talk louder no
I don't think that's a real thing that
you're gonna be saying so I'm not gonna
say that a lot
why won't this dream end cuz this is
what we're doing
oh yeah I know it's unfortunate that
you're being forced to sit through the
entire thing so I'm just gonna say this
stream ends literally anytime you want
to do clicking a little bit this stream
can end you you can leave anytime you
want but the moment you do we're gonna
preview the new plated review I don't
why I think it's true but absolutely
how many microphones do you guys have in
the room ATM at them at the moment oh
this is that one we have one right in
front of my face yeah I
we use my zoom h4n which has a 180
degree directional microphone it's
actually two microphones in a in a kind
of cross
section it's a single unit single unit
self-contained
audio recording device and you set it up
in the middle over my used to plug
microphones it has a couple XLR jack so
I used to plug in extra microphones
which if anyone remembers the early days
of the streams added many complications
so now we just setup the one microphone
and you guys can hear us alright I guess
that's what we use for the microphone
there it's also the microphone that I
use when I'm at home doing the Jack solo
screams or the jack and a half streams
Sunday nights be there be square
I'm sorry I vomited no just came out of
nowhere that's a really good idea we
should have individual boom mic
operators okay braylee stream that's
what well hire some interns and it would
be better to have the whole boom wings
over us if I if I had like a decent like
an audio mixer or something I would
probably want us to eat y'all have an
individual microphone but that would be
another link in the chain that would
fail it has already when we had the
microphone setup yeah it failed so many
times you guys remember the buzzing oh
yeah they might not they might not have
been here we have a very complicated
setup here with lots of cables
everywhere yeah it's true it's true
oh that's a great tip huh
so we'll get interns to have boom mics
on us individually okay and those
interns will have face cams ah okay not
us but the interns will so they can
watch the interns hold the boom mics
over that's a great idea that's a great
idea
that's right - phantom power you guys
remember we had the phantom power on or
off I forget something was wrong
something was wrong and there was a
buzzing I was terrible and we didn't
need it because I literally had my
microphones plugged into another
microphone
I did see that risk reducing their wish
they're making the mist game into a TV
series yeah that's terrible idea that's
a terrible idea
the most boring game can be the world's
most boring TV show right is missed a
card game
yes what's their card game called missed
a mike is completely wrong about my this
is the is the famous kind of my st right
yeah okay it's not a card behave it's
not a card okay I mean it could be a
card game as well
it's the game where you land on an
island didn't you bet you have to like
click before you and you move forward
one tile in your room I don't know
anything about it Hara bleep I don't
know why I thought it was a card game
adventure game you weren't paying any
attention to what happened but I just
did fucking awesome no all right I just
did mother fucking loss well congrats
elation I saw that you're fighting with
three big guy yes they were saying six
of them total
yeah yeah didn't tell you I don't think
I took one hit alright because I got to
choose guacamelee as our previously
recorded game that we review and rich
was a little hesitant but he's like ah
it's your choice to choose the game he's
been playing it for 24 hours you know
what I thought it was gonna be like a
mexican-themed Street Fighter sure hey I
did no idea it would be this marvelous
game but it is it's really good and
besides the part that's totally sucking
ruinin nice
pictionary we will we will play
pictionary game but those know what I
play Pictionary we will play Pictionary
you want me to stop so we can no no
people are be hired people are being
funny yeah now we will play Pictionary
and the winners will get will get Steam
games that is a thing that will happen
sooner rather than later I spent a lot
of my morning this morning I got some
cards some people had traded me some
steam cards so I spent a lot of the
morning upping my steam yeah also I
could get my friends because I had a
bunch of recently same friend requests I
was caught up from glorious moment ya
know they're starting to back up again
people still finding you on Steam you
only gave up her name is not one sir I
know Pepin is crazy it's out there it's
out there in the internet I okay I've
never gotten past volcano thing without
getting the skull across bone step oh
this will be this will be it this will
be the something I love you don't know
jack do you remember that trivia game
you don't yeah oh yeah I love that guy I
love trivia games because I know a lot
of dumb shit we're not gonna play five
nights at freddy's or whatever that is
dumb dumb game
the dumb game with the dumb this oh yes
by the way this is still a no death run
we are now four hours into no veteran
rich has been playing for four hours and
has not died once is that impressive for
this game yes okay especially like with
with the rich has also been doing some
of the extra bonus challenges yes there
is a lot of death in this game which is
why you respond so quickly okay when you
guys so yes rich is doing something
that's a little impressive okay
MLG rich absolutely MLG major league
gaming oh you're making that up I might
be MLG Pro is it's like it's a gaming
thing where you you game it's a thing
what
oh yeah I saw the swapper the swapper
looked like a really interesting game
you have a spacesuit and you die a lot
you look like that looked like a very
visually exciting game ml dude I this is
it should we pay attention you don't
have to if you fall in the lava you die
right yeah you died I was right there
that was nice it is getting real of
course
oh that's brilliant you can only defeat
their shields yep if you use the attack
that also breaks those bricks but not
beneath you oh I say Oh see in this game
they know they know how to fuck with you
that's great
oh my god that's great oh and rich Evans
we trust citizen can yay West funny I
still like it what's this is green okay
so we're not counting that right only if
we see the skull and crossbones
that's the rule no matter what you fall
in if we see that skull and crossbones
the run is over ice nicely no no I don't
know if I have I've seen that question a
lot and I will finally ask it to the
group I have no thoughts on Jurassic
world you know what yeah what are you
yeah I have a thought you have a thought
on dresser did you want to dress your
dress perk great Willy great movie -
that's a great no three not so great
no so why the fuck do people to hear
about world yeah I think it's people who
lie at first one so much that they've
ignored the fact that the second the
third one are not good but why now after
two mediocre too bad sequels do they
think they finally got it again yeah
it's nostalgia yeah yeah I'm gonna let
it go I'm not even gonna try I've been
doing all the challenges and then what
this one no this is channel this off oh
together that chest oh sure I'm letting
this one go
and whose I don't think Spielberg is
directing Jurassic world right
is there a director attached I don't
know how to follow away it's not it's
not Spielberg I'm sure you producing it
or something but yeah I don't even know
who's directing it like who cares
well I think people care cuz uh the man
of the hour is in there right no Chris
Pratt Oh is he yeah Chris Pratt is
starring in it oh okay so I think that's
why people are caring is because
everyone loves
right now would ya know I don't care
I'll probably see it I guess when it
comes out but I I'm not I'm not assuming
it's gonna be horrible I'm not looking
forward to it it's just another thing
it's just another thing there's so many
things that's the best way to breathe
just another thing it's gonna come out
it will probably not be offensively bad
and it will probably believe nothing oh
my god
it will so it won't be offensively bad
and it probably will not break any
boundaries to advance the art form that
is cinema it won't have the impact that
Jurassic Park had know what that movie
was so fucking huge when it came out
yeah
for so many reasons well this is what
I'm saying Jurassic Park
advanced the art form that is cinema yes
not even gonna try oh not even good
right oh my god oh where are you so it
will not do that it will probably be
acceptable I can only imagine I I don't
know anything about it I mean the fact
that it's coming yeah now is this is
this sequel or a reboot how are they
approaching it I think it's a sequel No
sequels can be reboots though what your
ranch eyes by making a new movie but
it'll be a sequel to the it won't be
quite one of the first but then it can't
be a reboot if it's a sequel again its
rebooting the franchise this franchise
has been dead we're making a new one
it's rebooting it that's not what I
think it is no that's not no no okay
keep track a reboot is when continuity
has been types
that's a revisit yeah it's a comic book
journal okay
yeah universe continuity
is reboot I understand you're you're
referring to it your your you're
thinking of reboot as in uh I think
you're not using the word reboot
correctly maybe I can't keep track of
all these terms 434 AP to franchise it's
so many different terms there you're
thinking of like when they want to jump
start a franchise yeah it might be a
more appropriate word where this isn't a
remake of the original movie the other
movies maybe happen but this is a new
story that we're telling try and kick
the series back into gear yeah kickstart
would be another appropriate term I
watch this shit out of reboot when it
was on I made a reboot reference and the
best of the worst episodes oh yeah yeah
I love reboot the the superhero episode
right yeah the Johnny Storm wouldn't
even know I didn't get the reference I
kept it in I showed a graphic when I
googled reboot cartoon or whatever it
was great no idea what it was yeah I
watched reboot I actually I'm really
upset I never saw how the series ended I
was I was a little into it but it was at
that awkward age where it's like I was
definitely too old to be watching it but
cartoons um and so I never saw how the
series ended because I needed to stop
watching cartoons
if I remember right the story had a 10
but they want an extra season after that
that's your I'd believe it I'll look it
up one of these days oh fuck this
no you're fine yeah you're fine for now
I'm not down with Hulu someone is saying
it's on Hulu and I'm not down with Hulu
Lulu that's the difference Hulu has
current run TV yeah yeah okay that's
wrong with it uh five nothing because I
don't I don't care that much about
