Episode 087
Guacamelee - No Death Attempt (Part 1.5)
October 23, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eD5S4PvGE4
___________________________________________

second a third one are not good why now
after two mediocre too bad sequels so
they think they finally got it again
yeah it's nostalgia yeah yeah that's it
I'm gonna let it go I'm not even gonna
try I've been doing all the challenges I
don't know what this one no this is
challenge I saw Oh together that chest
oh sure I'm letting this one go and who
is I don't think Spielberg is directing
Jurassic world right is there a director
attached I don't know I haven't
following it's not scared it's not
Spielberg I'm sure you producing it or
something but it sure yeah I don't even
know who's directing it like who cares
oh well I think people care cuz uh the
man of the hour is in there right Chris
Pratt
Oh is he yeah Chris Pratt is starring in
it oh okay so I think that's why people
are caring is because everyone loves him
right now
yeah no I don't care I'll probably see
it I guess when it comes out it's but I
not I'm not assuming it's gonna be
horrible I'm not looking forward to it
it's just another thing it's just
another thing there's so many things
that's the best way to put it
just another thing it's gonna come out
it will probably not be offensively bad
and it will probably believe nothing oh
my god it will so it won't be
offensively bad and it probably will not
break any boundaries to advance the art
form that is cinema it won't have the
impact that Jurassic Park had know what
that movie was so fucking huge when it
came out yeah there's so many reasons
well this is what I'm saying
Jurassic Park advanced the art form that
is cinema yes not even gonna try the Oh
might even get right oh my god oh where
are you over here so it will not do that
it will probably be acceptable I can
only imagine I I don't know anything
about it other than the fact that it's
coming
yeah now this is this sequel or a reboot
how are they approaching it I think it's
a sequel Oh
sequels can be reboots though what your
ranch eyes by making a new movie but
it'll be a sequel to the it won't be one
of the first but then it can't be a
reboot if it's a sequel again its
rebooting the franchise this franchise
has been dead we're making a new one
it's rebooting that's not I think it is
no that's not no no okay keep track our
reboot is when continuity has been wipes
that's a revisit yeah it's a comic book
travel okay yeah Universe continuity its
reboot I understand you're you're
referring to it you're you're you're
thinking of reboot as in uh I think
you're not using the word reboot
correctly maybe I can't keep track of
all these terms 434 AP to franchise
there's so many different terms there
you're thinking of like when they want
to jump start a franchise yeah it might
be a more appropriate word where this
isn't a remake of the original movie the
other movies maybe happened but this is
a new story that we're telling try and
kick the series back into gear yeah
kickstart would be another appropriate
term
i watch this shit out of reboot when it
was on I made a reboot reference and the
best of the worst episode oh yeah yeah I
love reboot the the superhero episode
right yeah the Johnny Storm let me know
I didn't get the reference I kept it in
my show too graphic when I googled
reboot cartoon or whatever it was great
no idea what it was yeah I watch reboot
I actually I'm really upset I never saw
how this series ended I was I was a
little into it but it was at that
awkward age where it's like I was
definitely too old to be watching it but
cartoons um and so I never saw how the
series ended because I needed to stop
watching cartoons
if I remember right the story had an end
but they want an extra season after that
I believe it I'll look it up one of
these days oh fuck this yeah fine for
now I'm not down with Hulu so what is
saying it's on Hulu and I'm not down
with Hulu Lulu what's the difference
Hulu has current run TV yeah yeah okay
that's wrong with it uh five nothing
because I don't I don't care that much
about Current TV to to think it's worth
it
I'm sure they're towards it to me cuz I
don't watch TV yeah like when a show is
on I don't make up like oh it's Thursday
night I need to watch my story right um
so I like Hulu cuz I can just watch it
later
oh sure I don't watch a lot of shows to
begin with but it's nice to have the
ability to watch something I just for me
I can't think of that many shows that I
would want to watch I've got to make it
worth it I like the idea of yeah I
suppose if I'm saying hey movies on
there to do they yeah yeah they have a
fair amount of movies that I don't see
on Netflix or a couple other places oh
that's great a nice variety of stuff do
it okay like I do I do the Netflix and I
do the Amazon Prime so I get all the a
bunch of em science and stuff which is
great so yeah it's it's definitely like
the more ecosystems you're part of the
harder it is to get involved in any
other sure
but I don't like paying for commercials
is that true do you still get
commercials if you're a Hulu subscriber
uh you get commercials on TV shows yeah
really yeah if you're subscribed even if
you pay them yeah much but I think the
idea is if you don't pay it could be
wrong about this I think the idea is if
you don't pay you only get like the most
recent couple of episodes of the show no
you don't get you don't get those if you
don't pay yeah unless they change it I
used to get like 500 and I think yeah if
you if you don't pay you only get like
the most recent five episodes or so it's
on pay you get the entire season and
premiu sees sure
oh is that have a war I believe so oh
okay
it's like cable without the cable bill
okay I don't know I don't know nothing
bout nothing I know that Walking Dead
Season four finally came to Netflix so I
come down I can't wait to continue to
not watch Walking Dead that show was so
fucking boring
it's it got good I I refused to believe
it and I'm Tom you know the problem that
show is that there's no end goal because
making a shitload of money so they're
gonna keep doing it yep so they'll be
like five episodes to be nothing happens
to be fair the comic book series isn't
and even intended to have an end goal
it's supposed to be I'm going sure I
guess that's with that sort of premise I
don't care but the TV show especially
it's like yeah there'll be five episodes
of nothing happening and then something
big will happen and then five more
episodes of know--they yeah I got really
bored with that show and gave up I did I
did as well just a shame because the
first episode is fantastic great pilot
yeah absolutely I think we've talked
about this before and I obably messes
I'd be moving ever the pilot the pilot
and my little Walking Dead yeah
abso-fuckin'-lutely no and you know what
a lot of the first season the first two
three episodes of the first season is
really great yeah I think yeah I even by
the end of the first season I'm starting
to get a little like alright I get it
and then you hit that second season then
I gave up yeah man does it ii we we
picked it back up just because we're
ahead of it shit - haha yeah the third
season is the much better okay um I like
the idea that there's a show like that
that is so popular yeah but I don't know
if I care enough to try and go back to
it hey if you can put up and a lot of
the second season really sucks there's
no way around it they spend the whole
time in a farmhouse really the entirety
of the second season is that that same
farmhouse budget concerns if you can
make it to the third season it gets good
immediately okay maybe I'll try fuck
immediately in the third season it gets
real good even by the you-know-what
there maybe that's even the end of the
second season whenever they leave that
goddamn farmhouse it guess if that's the
case if that's the end of the second
season it's like we have to fill a
season what do we do
yeah well Simpson the sperm house and
then this great idea we have we'll do it
at the very end I know you don't care
about the comic books I know there were
a farmhouse for a while in the comics
not in my dad it might be my working
comic book for I don't even know but for
a TV show it's boring as shit different
idiot wave really fucking it
that's second season goddamn Jesus
Christ this is awesome
third season is the worst
what do you thought or no it's the
second season that there at the farm
yeah yeah
No third season is really good it gets a
little it gets a little wacky which is
maybe not the right term did they bring
back in the third season do they bring
back Michael Rooker yes okay that
automatically makes it better than
season two yes it's my co-workers in it
the Knicks will probably be more likely
to watch it because I'm so excited when
he showed up in the first season then
it's like oh he's going already yeah he
did walkers he comes back - a hand yes
spoiler alert I might watch the show
someday you know right you should see
the one man handcuffed yeah talk about
that's Michael Rooker the brothers and
then reported of a serial killer and
Mallrats yeah Oh God right that's not
worth it for Cheston money but this we
got things to do good and I think so far
I'm only I'm only one episode into
season for it's it's alright
all right you get what you get I always
I know rich and I made a big stink in
the e3 previously recorded about being
done with zombies but yeah well that's
like what were you saying earlier like
you can say I'm done with zombies but
then you see a really good zone it all
depends on the individual thing yeah has
less to do the zombies than those the
characters yes I'm a little invested in
these characters um
so much so that I can't remember the
goddamn main character's name what is it
nobody can
you're the second or third person I've
talked to and talking about that shower
they're like what's the main guy's name
that guy is boring
nobody cares Rick Rick Rick good you
know what it's cuz he has a dumb name
like Rick I'm not saying Rick is a dumb
name
I'm just saying is that a memorable lead
memorable name Rick Rick goes through
some awesome stuff
he doesn't three okay man yeah it's
great Rick Rick and Coral coral my boy
Coral
Karl we gotta go fight the zombies
Corolla what is it with a ring so you
told me right what is it with writes
Rick Grimes that's what his name is that
just makes me think of Frank Grimes from
the symptoms Coral
you know what you're doing
Oh Oh My Jesus God the stage is my
kriptonite old grimy grin is asking you
in IJ if they will ever make a good
Alien franchise movie again they would
like us to predict the future I don't
know probably not in the near future I
think it thirty because there's a
previous two in the works right is there
I think so now as long as that's
happening there probably won't be a good
alien movie for a while that make money
it did yeah yeah I think there was a
sequel in the works and I wasn't as
harsh on Prometheus how me there has AI
got a lot of shit for that that's a
great looking movie it's great looking
movie and you know what a lot of it's
fine until you get to the third act and
that motherfucker falls right apart yeah
I know where's didn't seen more of that
world no um but I think as long as
that's happening there will not be a
separates Alien series being made I
believe you're correct and you know what
honestly the alien series probably
shouldn't have never been a series to
begin with at first movie standalone
movie fine film yep oh my god is that
what it does oh that's fun
and I know everyone likes aliens but
that really is that first movie is not
something where I'm like you know what I
want to see more of this universe you
know aliens was great Jane alien doesn't
is a fine movie I don't want that as
much as a lot of people do but I'm
saying like based on the first movie I
would not say I want to see this turned
into a franchise it's a very
self-contained story it is and you know
aliens did something different with it
it did yeah there's a lot of people love
yes and I think is okay and then that's
what a sequel can do sure and and then
they decided to get weird you know to be
fair I've read like original early well
earlier proposals for is like script
treatments for aliens 3 and it was
basically just aliens but more like one
one one one script treatment I read
ahead like twenty power loaders versus
20 Queen aliens of course yeah yeah
that's like the classic sequel idea of
what you do mom yeah but they with the
opposite route and everybody hated that
too with a Elaine to read and only one
iliyan claustrophobic
creepy environment is much closer and
sewn to the first movie than aliens was
German here everybody hates the only
three I think it's a fine film people
who are some problems people who hate
alien 3 like aliens more than alien yes
that's probably a part of the problem
because everybody was upset they killed
off yeah Nick says I didn't Cannes I
didn't care about Newton kick as I was
sunny I'm one of those people yeah I I
did not care about those characters so I
didn't care that they killed them off
and I thought it worked for the movie
it's like oh shit all bets are off
those people are done I know that they
did it for their their beep reasons
other than storytelling they did it
because they didn't want to get those
characters back but
and I guess I should say when I say I
like alien 3 I'm talking about the
extended cut that's on the blu-ray or
something at recorder although I didn't
hate the theatrical cut either but the
the newer cut is a much better movie
there's so much I don't remember about
it yeah mr. Cornelio of the shape 10
right she looks badass dude that was the
entire selling point of that movie like
it's a new alien movie and look it's
Sigourney Weaver doesn't have hair is it
that's a pretty amazing thing that's how
I sold V for Vendetta
that's true Natalie Portman shaved her
head for the role how bold and brave
that a woman would shave her head
I feel right I feel okay okay great
great
I could pass this lava stage and I'm
still not they do you guys gonna leave
whatever but I'm sticking around
yeah I got I'm um I'm probably gonna
leave after this beer Jesus Christ it's
almost water clothing what are the
morning I was what are you what's your
prediction is rich hola
how long probably well probably a while
yeah yeah this is tough cuz you're
rocking the know death row I know
we're not playing pictionary tonight
guys mspaint pictionary will absolutely
happen just not tonight
alright tonight we were no death running
baka melee we got off to a little later
start than I would have liked trying to
schedule is that where we could finish -
no death run and but also sleep like
normal humans well you wanted to wake up
and watch a alien right I have to wake
up i watch a over film I'm free right
tomorrow the plot work we're doing we're
doing other work tomorrow so we can't do
this work I don't have to do that but I
might wake up and watch alien anyway
that's great dude do you wanna watch the
alien I'll make coffee and we'll watch
yoo-hoo this is the thing that's
tempting um I'll text you doctor okay um
you do it right now well I'm playing
this if I said I watched Neely now I
would fall asleep yeah he starts off
slow trying to think of how we can I'm
trying to think of how we can logistical
II finish this maybe not tomorrow
Oh rich are you okay not playing
guacamelee for a couple days no I'm in
you can't look I'm in the zone now
what's gonna happen is we're gonna start
enough day and I'm gonna die instantly
I mean you're right okay alright well
I'm in it for a little bit longer I'm in
for a little bit longer and really what
will just happen is I'll just leave my
shit here and you can just stream until
you got damn ready to stop I mean
eventually I need to sleep but
I'm in it for a little bit longer okay
oh my god nope die
no I'm just I nearly did though I nearly
did this is the other problem rich is
you're you're becoming sleep-deprived
and maybe you're too in the zone
LM not too in the zone be an insane man
you got problems in their zone you got
problems inside of your brain that could
be that could be a real thing that
happens they're saying I should just
take a nap right here no cuz I'll snore
another throw red job rich is the zone
you're totally right
you're right I'll stop this right okay
it's only it's a it's not only one it is
one away you guys OH
nice rich jack is trying to lead you
astray renew thy force it's true I am
I'm absolutely trying to lead him
asunder how close to the end of the game
are you pretty close but come on some
reason I want to go back and get the
orbs oh well we do I'm going to Jack you
can't stop me not doing that I guess
what I'm saying is like if you didn't go
get the orbs is this like an hour or a
half hour I'm not sure not a hundred
percent sure then you're just a jerk
just gonna skip him Beauty you already
missed out on on dinkle dings yeah you
guys are mad at me because I haven't
died yet
this is this is sad I'm not mad at you I
was just curious how close you were
together yeah yeah and you know this is
just one of those things where I'm
leaving what I want to regardless of if
you're done I was just curious
yeah yes that's how I'm feeling - I'm
leaving regardless but I'd like to stay
and watch I might not be that far
a scallop on Rachel yeah they're telling
you you need to hunker down and power
through okay also if you could find a
roof somewhere and you get up on that JJ
somebody's asking if you are a fan of
Chris Cunningham the music video
director guy is also a movie I have not
seen but I've always meant to a sexy
beast okay he directed that as well you
know I don't think I've seen any of this
movies
has he done anything other than sexy
beasts I'm sure he has you know what I
won't look it up I'm sure he has but I
don't I I know him from music videos
yeah he has them he has a music video
collection like they do
that's all I've seen listen this
director is sexy B's Jenny right sexy
beast no nothing to do with sexy beast
what nothing really yeah looks like
missing it why I just know from music
videos I know he did that rubber Johnny
thing that was creepy and weird and I
don't know I don't have much thoughts on
Chris Cunningham I guess I really
thought he did sex this is so weird
oh well I apologize for for leading us
under all I know I have his his music
video directors collection oh yeah
there's a super wicked Levi's jeans come
okay that he did that was really
fantastic so that's all I got and he
made it he made a joke in the video all
right in the collection in which you
know like shows music videos and some of
his ad work and stuff like that and
there's a running theme in the menu
selection that where he's tracking down
a homeless person who's giving him all
of his ideas it's just this one homeless
guy and it's just like the almost guys
going down an escalator and he's going
up one and the homeless guy tells him an
idea for like a misting video I think
that's what a weird thing to bring up
why why did you bring him up jazz honey
then what has he done lately nothing I
don't
he didn't apparently said something to
do with the visual effects really alien
3 so maybe that was the connection oh
sure I don't know okay asunder is my
word of the day I said it earlier and I
really liked it it's not a word that's
oh I said it again thunder is not a word
you hear very often did you win are you
winning
not the whole game no you want to fight
it yeah that's great okay no you don't
you want me to die Jack admit it Liyana
things Glaser of sexy beast also had a
video collection maybe I'm thinking of
Jonathan Glazer whose work I really like
that name sounds familiar to outside of
sexy beat who did the Levi's commercial
this is very important I don't think I
can find that on Miami Beach I think you
can google it
Oh Jonathan don't think blazer did under
the skin oh okay mother earlier this
year which is fucking great yeah so yeah
he's fine I like him I like under the
skin I thought that movie was fantastic
great and he did birth a few years ago
which was somewhat controversial with
Nicole Kidman I saw him the theater and
I remember think it was interesting oh
okay I need you to google Jonathan
Glazer jeans commercial see if this is a
real thing oh yeah Levi's that and this
is Talia watch this this is awesome John
okay Jonathan Glazers who are really
enjoy Arnaz chat we're watching a Levi's
commercial chance sick of us okay the
chance sake of us who cares we're
watching a Levi's commercial okay this
is a great commercial Google Jonathan
Glazer Levi's ad that's what we're
watching right now oh nice yeah so who
the fuck cares about Chris Cunningham
when you got Jonathan Glazer
I don't think Laser directed under the
skin and that is definitely a movie
worth checking out
nice visual metaphors that's all we got
Yuki you bring up some one we don't care
about him we bring up our own people we
by the way the portly gentleman you're
right
we were just watching the Anaconda music
video that's something you should know
about the red letter media studios is
we've set up a special monitor to see
anaconda video all day just on a loop
Manny the Vera King asks me what I think
about those amiibos that the Wii U has
the little guys rich is fighting now he
doesn't have time to account to talk the
I think they're fucking dumb and I'm not
gonna get any if I wanted to buy a tour
of my video game that I can't play with
in real life I wouldn't fuck why would
you get that toys dumbest it's a dumb
idea and I hope it fails but it won't
cuz Skylanders is the biggest thing in
this generation of video games kids are
gonna grow up loving for the shit out of
Skylanders I don't know what it is it's
a video imagine a video game that if you
wanted to play more of that video game
you had to buy a little ball I just want
to play a video game right but you can't
you can play the video game yeah with
the doll that you have but if you want
to play more the video game you got to
get another doll this sounds like a
gimmick yeah it sounds like a way to to
feel money from people yep and it's
working like fucking gangbusters what
does the doll do the doll hooks up to
your little thing and then you put you
get to play as the
in the video game it's basically a piece
if you have to buy a physical doll you
can't even yes this is stupid
yes oh yeah I think that this is not
it's not just like an add-on you can buy
and you have to buy this doll you have
to buy the stock okay I don't like this
no and it's all the rage it's all the
rage now it is and and I think it's it's
one of the worst thing that's happening
to video games ah
it's also kind of brilliant because you
know like they're just finding the most
efficient way to suck money from the
default shirt and so yeah that's it's
great you have to buy a little device
that plugs into your game here for five
dollars you buy the new games that come
out the DLC how much does one of the
dolls cause I have a no idea okay I'm
sure chat tell us how much one of the
dolls cause I'm sure I'm gonna say eat
$11.99 if my tux between 10 and 20
dollars some physical DLC it's exactly
what those fucking dolls are yeah let's
see how many
how much are the dolls people tell me
one of you will know they are not $50.00
like 10 bucks 14 yeah so 10 to 15 bucks
probably some are like larger than
others they are they're fancier tears of
the bells there are there are so some of
them might be 50 oh I suppose maybe it's
this sounds like a bunch of bullshit as
as someone I am someone who Jenner
genuinely enjoys capitalism sure I think
it's fantastic
as someone who enjoys capitalism I think
it's brilliant because like I said they
found a really efficient way to suck
money out of people Thanks
but as a person who also just enjoys
playing video games I think it's
terrible Bucky Forrest
apparently octo Jay has a life goal to
get you to watch a clip from funky
forest
oh well that's that movie okay I'll
watch it eventually I'll watch it right
now but I'll watch it later
there you go I'll make a mental note to
look up funky forest there you go yeah
there you go there you go there you win
I'm a hipster that likes capitalism I
don't think you can do mono all hipsters
like capitalism right cuz that's how you
buy the shit that looks like it's old
thing you said all day
sky - sky dandy I did not check out the
valve made documentary called free to
play because it's about dota 2 and I
don't
I've never played dota 2
I thought that it was going to be about
the the kind of new way that valve is
decided to sell games and it's not it
was about a dota 2 tournament it has
very little to do with the free-to-play
games market which is something I'm
actually interested in damn it oh oh I
did not see and actually I was really
upset that they called it free-to-play
valve has kind of invented 4j who
doesn't know I don't know what you're
talking about
so valve has started this thing that has
now become a trend in video games making
games free-to-play and offering kind of
in-game benefits to buy stuff right okay
and it has now taken off especially in
the mobile market damn it oh my lord
yeah and so it started kind of is it
started with with stuff like Team
Fortress 2 one of the most popular video
games out there right now is called
donut - ok which I just I won't even get
into thing big big dick and and it's
working out really well for valve they
are selling a lot of stuff in game
they're making a ton of money the so
they made it they released a free
documentary called
free to play and everyone assumed that
it was going to be about the business
end of this the meat of this but it was
just about a dota 2 tournament oh so I
was really upset when I found out it was
about a dota 2 tournament and not about
nerdy stuff I'm sure being a
free-to-play has been in Korea for many
years I'm sure shit listen fucker
everything I say is wrong and everything
you do is wrong
you tell them to go fuck about no and
yet yes I might have misspoke valve did
not invent free-to-play they were a
large corporations that successfully
implemented free-to-play so other
corporations followed suit okay
it's the more accurate way to put it but
also like I was I say the words as I
think of them sometimes they don't come
on correctly how did I not make that up
yeah you gotta move faster dog you've
done this before you know it was plenty
fast I said I'm not holding anybody
hostage you guys can go what and I will
tarry on Miriam Theriot who's Terry
carry on whatever I didn't know I you
know what I thought that was that
sounded like a like a sailing term Terry
owns like Terry on Terry on the forward
stop behind
they got bigger oh my go when I finished
my here go go go go faster go fast
enough go that's great hey be nice
did it get it Oh shucks my butt area and
my wayward son Terry on my way Watson
not only did rich just sing he's hang
falsetto yes this is totally not Bruce
Wayne this is still happening and rich
still has not died this is a thing that
is happening
he's talking about it that's right you
need me to sing more hits from the 90s
some body mods told me
do you guys want me to lose is that
what's going on Lulu as well blame it on
smash Mel hey kidding if anything they
should have pumped you up tenfold Oh Oh
predator 2 what does everyone think of
predator 2 Man Man Man Man so they can
folks Matt a lot of people hate it I
don't hate it
ok it's no predator it's no predator
it's really no predator is the thing
yeah Gary Busey's in it there's that
sure was that was that am as a shame
black movie right no predator - no shame
shame black axe in the first predator he
did not write it but he's in it briefly
is he yes oh um but no he had nothing to
do with the second one oh I thought he
for some reason I had in my head that he
wrote it no I think those same people
who wrote the first one wrote the second
one really yeah how they go yeah it's
alright it's got Bill Paxton in it Danny
Glover is in it and he's no Arnold
Schwarzenegger right but I appreciate
that they weren't trying to go for
another Arnold Schwarzenegger tight like
you know go in a different direction
yeah yeah
it's it's it's lacking the simplicity of
the first movie that's what makes that
first movie work that's a good way to
put it yeah that's a good way to put it
I think the simplicity I have not seen
cube have you seen Jim Henson's cube Jim
and since there's I've seen the movie
cube I've not seen Jim Henson's cube
Jackie rich have you seen Jim Henson's
cube like a sexual thing it's definitely
the inspiration for the cube movies is
hopping okay okay I've seen in the first
cube movie I have not seen Jim Henson's
Q isn't like a short I don't know give
us more information Jim yeah he made
some shorts he made some interesting
shirts but I've never heard of Q Jack
tell Jay about no man's shy but well you
know when you gain enough confidence in
yourself oh man I'm sure he meant to say
no man's sky oh oh yeah but instead I'm
gonna talk about no and Shia okay which
is a story about let's see here oh wait
Kevin James stars as a truck tire repair
man's a truck tire repair man and the
tires come to life and teach him to be
gay what and that gives him the
self-confidence to find the woman he
loves
all right what no man shine but I don't
like any of that work ah no the answer
is absolutely not but that's all I got
oh my god Carl Weathers is greater than
Danny Glover you are correct
that's very true that is very correct
Kevin James stars as a truck all you're
right that's so much better
truck Kevin James is a truck but he gets
turned into a man and so he has to
figure out you must turn back into a
truck once is gonna go through those
heavy medicine Netflix movies yeah he
wants to figure out how to turn back
into a truck but to survive in the human
world he's got to figure things out yeah
cuz you know that song would be in it
yes
buckaroo banzai
um I maybe I need to give it another
shot I know a lot of people love that
movie it's like a big cult movie but
when I tried to watch it I didn't think
it was all that great I like Peter
Weller but I would have to revisit it
it's been a very long time since I
watched it a thing that's fair maybe
that's fair
I could definitely see I could I would
understand if someone even someone who
likes B movies not liking that movie
yeah it's it's rough it's it's big for
its britches but I like it
mostly because Goldblum Oh bloom and
John Lithgow right oh yeah right yeah my
god everybody greats in that one yeah
Evon James is actually a cool guy ain't
fat anymore apparently wait for him Leon
good friend
I was careers dead then that's isn't all
the humor in his movies based on the
fact that he's fat now listen I'm sure
Kevin James is a fine person III he
might be I don't know anything about him
personally I dare no ill-will toward the
man he's he's just made some bad movies
yes that's fine dunder but says Jack
should have his own mic so we can mute
him oh he does have a point Jack what
are you doing talking on your prereq
Street know what I was thinking
it's almost as if we set this up as if
I'm gonna be talking and he knows that
coming in Jack will they ever stop
hating you I don't care I get asked that
every once in a while like on the
Twitter or whatnot just like I've been
doing this long enough for you guys you
have no idea how little difference it
makes when you say hateful things about
me
just keep following you know that's how
high you had to go up for that challenge
you did all that Wow yeah it's true oh
that's a great question the portlet
gentleman asks best Rob Schneider moving
on Jesus demolition man does that count
as the Rob Schneider movie that's
probably the right answer nailed it all
right yeah that's further if I got
together almost up that all right I'm
gonna say hour-and-a-half you have an
hour and a half and once I got the last
temple and the last challenge yes um
that's that's a high ball okay either
way I'm gonna go all right
people say Judge Dredd no no no you're
wrong people are being silly
what are some other movies that Rob
Schneider's in that aren't like our
Schneider movie is like deuce Bigalow
with that type of stuff his small roles
in a number of movies before that other
than demolition man who else was in I
mean any of them any of the later Adam
Sandler's well yeah that was cameos sure
cameos terrible in all those yeah he's
terrible in everything how was he ever a
thing I don't know Saturday Night Live
yeah but he was on Saturday Night Live
with like the best cast they ever had
pretty down yeah he was in a amusing
Funny or Die
sketch directed by a buddy of mine Oh in
which they remade Red Dawn but on a new
at a nudist colony that's all I got
that's it it went literally right down
at a news colony that's Bob it's exactly
the sketch you would expect
Benchwarmers susana no I haven't seen it
and I'm gonna say nope he was in surf
ninjas
oh yeah using surf ninjas nothing I
managed that's a terrible movie too but
that was before he was a bigger star oh
my god Leslie Nielsen Rob Schneider is
the poor man's Pauly Shore
that's hilarious for probably Rob
Schneider I think I enjoyed more Pauly
Shore vehicles than I did rob schneider
vehicles absolutely absolutely
I like son-in-law yeah that's one more
movie than a Rob Schneider movie in the
RV now is alright I don't Mike likes
that movie
I don't know Piper model thing yeah it's
fine you know what it is it's fine it's
fine
Lori petti isn't it yeah I like her Andy
Dick's in it for some reason cuz he used
to be a thing as well I looked in the
army now more when it was stripes yeah
the same thing yeah I think there might
be more cussing into the army or less
cussing I don't know there's definitely
less Bill Murray and Harold Ramos that's
true and that makes a big difference
yes oh this looks horrible yes it is oh
my god Jesus Christ it's a man I fucking
love Encino man dunder but what thunder
but after asking if if we could mute me
has now subscribed and we thank you for
subscribing I really do appreciate
I'm not I'm not being insincere or
ironic I do appreciate it yeah I mean
you subscribing won't mute me but maybe
there are ease under that impression
sure yeah well now you can threaten town
subscribe oh there we go there we go
oh that's easy array five to raise over
a five to eight says Jack and Jay
battleship has been made into a feature
film describe what the Milton Bradley
game kudi would be as a feature film
could either moan with the bugs it's
like you have to build the ball to build
a bug yeah I don't know though the
aliens
yeah it's totally baby cootie bugs
fighting aliens no no until there'll be
the cootie bugs come to earth and we
have to I tried to make the concept fun
but ok no no you can't you get you can't
make it fun you know you have to make it
as boring and stupid as possible yeah
but maybe but you know because you have
to incorporate the game gimmick into it
somehow and one of the things with the
cooties is you have to like you get to
dress them up they have different faces
and once there you put on them ok so
they can't just be aliens they have to
be like robot aliens and then we have to
like assemble them ok oh yeah that works
and maybe maybe like it was us who built
them and they turned on us or maybe oh
here's what it is it's aliens right the
cookies are aliens we build robot
versions of the aliens to fight the
alien ok yeah that works
but that's only like 5 minutes of the
movie the rest is a love triangle yes
yeah pointless boring characters yep
that nobody cares about them
generic military characters who let's
say let's say father issues because
that's that's usually a thing yeah that
was battleship
okay great and I got a nice rich it's
always father issues
oh geez whoa
is that what you've been saying chakra
yeah cuz it says shuffle oh great I am
in Saint Jacques my been saying shock
mold great I've been to engross to
notice all right I'm gonna go go yeah
all right goodbye chat it's been fun bye
come on go now have a nice one Jay yep
good luck as Jay leaves we say welcome
to the who biasts for subscribing thank
you that list we appreciate it
alright good night all bye Jay I'm sorry
jack what a night that I haven't I'm
sorry for being awesome that guacamelee
yeah I am yeah you don't have to be you
don't have to be sorry everyone just
wants to go home
well I mean it's it's late but this is
what's gonna happen this is what's gonna
happen
previously recorded after dark
no you do fly after you get all the orbs
I didn't yeah that might be new or else
I never did it I'm just gonna skip a lot
of stuff oh my god yeah cuz I can no
that's awesome he's talking to a chicken
that's great my knight said this might
not take as long this thing can fly that
yeah it's funny you got guys but lasts
the during the actual dead stream when I
told Mike that we were gonna let him
play video games that was mostly joking
he could play whenever he wants he's
busy and as we've discussed several
times doesn't much care for many video
games so we will get we will get him to
play doctor lot someone's asking if we
ever finished 1,001 spikes I beat it I
stupidly bought it for movida
because in general we had a decent time
playing I've ever since regretted that
decision yeah I didn't I don't want to
care for the game
say the truth oh that was a freebie
huh that was a freebie that was the free
mix but I mean that mean you know we
cannot we cannot like a game just free
that's fine should I feel bad for
skipping over by this question should i
you're doing it it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter I suppose I've earned
the right absolutely
gay what do you mean is j6e mike mike is
the one who doesn't like video games
yeah I'll absolutely tell Mike to play a
heavy rain I'm sure he'll be really into
that uh-huh uh-huh it's one of those
things where J we've been able to
convince to play some games yeah he's
not anti game well he's not
anti game Mike is anti game and so for
anyone who's like Mike needs to play
this game he would just not enjoy we got
him to play co-op and I was really happy
with that yeah but you know we were here
we were all here in a group and we could
have fun he we will not get him to play
many games is the thing is there some
height I didn't see pickle bucket it's a
great name pickle bucket thank you Chris
subscribing we really appreciate it
um someone asks what music I'm currently
listening to the game I've been playing
Telugu CH does not have a soundtrack
which is really was really upsetting to
me until I realized I could choose the
seven track for it like it has all the
sound effects and everything but no no
music and said today I was playing it
with with uh oh my god I'm gonna forget
what this is called yeah he's gonna be
lucky if he touches me again Autobot oh
my god someone's gonna tell me I'm gonna
feel dumb Alec which does not have a son
fake there's no music there's no music
in Telugu which Kraftwerk thank you
thank you craft work so I had on the
craft work album Autobahn which is
mostly if the 122 minutes on about one
while I was playing Telugu and it was
awesome Kraftwerk oh man you're right I
should have been listening this mash
mouth
that's a good question what kind of
music does roots listen to um when
you're just milling about what do you
pop on they change depending on my mood
okay I can't I can't I can't access this
information right now I am I am 100%
guacamelee okay no hundred percent fuck
Amelie I'm finally the doors the doors
yeah yeah I love the doors and Nirvana
yeah I like hard rock okay
heavy metal hmm and other random things
all right that's fine that was it that
was a thing yeah I needed to quickly
test the game audio so and this is
Richards computer that we're playing on
so he just sounds like rich to put on a
song play any song just like his test
and he pops on nirvana and I thought
that was weird because Nirvana so
awesome
because I've you know it's I don't know
why I thought it was weird I guess I
just did I'm not I'm not a super big fan
of Nirvana so so then I just always
assumed that the people around me are
equally not super fans of Nirvana oh
yeah oh they're coming in dad rockin
yeah so what you kids listen to crap
uh kids listen a crap yeah I like all
kinds of music I like classical music I
like the hard rock mostly I listen to
it's a kind of girly pop girly all pop
Florence in the machine and Lord love
that shit some of the best shove this
hold on hold on hold on my god rich oh
you got your super duper fun any plans
to have more multiplayer games in the
stream 100% absolutely both us
multiplayer and in stream multiplayer
with you all we kind of just play
whatever we feel like these last couple
of episodes where we've played the game
that we played in our most recent
episode I like so I think I'm gonna keep
trying to keep up that tradition you
know like an episode comes out the very
next group stream would play the game
from that episode plus we hate it unless
we absolutely fuckin hate it
ah but I think that's a fun tradition
that I'd like to keep up oh yeah that
I heard great things about Tribes Ascend
and I've seen many videos on it I don't
know I I don't know if I can be in that
world I'm truth but double jump
Oh art that works you that's great
time to send his dad I do I know that
about Tribes Ascend nobody got into it
multiplayer only game it's then looked
like it was a lot of fun while I was
around fuck you
yeah tribes descended that was all to
you guys alright that was another game
that was like stuck in alpha and beta
effort fucking ever did it ever get an
official release or was it just dead on
out that unpaid hotness
well they definitely sign okay well sort
of sure yeah I know there was there was
a lot of hype around Tribes Ascend at
least I'm starting to get exhausted yeah
yeah really good well we I mean I've
come too far we could also just like
Paul no no okay no okay no that's fine
uh yeah Jane left Jay had to go which is
fine wish we could get a psycho nuts -
alright guys I'm about to say something
very controversial I did not like second
house like to be shameful but I haven't
played second Osgoode Eiger dun duh I
did not like it
heydo that was a game that never lets
you have fun with your abilities every
every single level of the game you
learnt a new ability that was applicable
to that level and then you found
yourself not using that ability ever
because you would learn a different
ability for the next level it never lets
you have fun with your abilities and I
was always really upset with that I
never liked Tim Schafer's was an
adventure game guy yeah he was never
famous for his game designed he's he's
great for dialogue and yes not so great
for running a business yes and you know
what Psychonauts is full of personality
the characters are wonderful the the
best
that's classic Tim shape yeah I love
that game I'll put up I'll put up with
some shitty game though man I will of
course you would
oh of course you would
I know I apologize it's just not my
thing
it wasn't my thing I'm the person who
like verbal legend no rich has not had a
death yet this is this is riches no
death run and he's kind of killing it
attempted this a few times in my own
never got past a volcano
okay that's great
did you play anything borderline games
no no I played the first one and I
enjoyed it until until I didn't
which is when which is when I started
grinding my guns it was fine it was fine
game it's like Mad Max right is that
that one kind of got Mad Max on an alien
planet it's it's basically um a gun math
the game and his guns and you find
different guns in him so those guns have
bigger numbers than the guns you have
you take those guns it's fine it's fine
game I'm okay before glance I got bored
of it I got bored with it really quickly
it's over did you just die yeah oh you
died while I was talking about boredom
yes I'm so sorry it's not your fault I
was getting it's 1:30 a.m. I was getting
mentally exhausted I was paying enough
attention to my health supposing there's
they're catching up with to it now no
that was a fart that was far though you
made it really far this is yeah really
really close to the end yeah that's that
that hurts my soul yeah that's all right
yeah this is this is part of the problem
when you want to do a know their
thoroughness is uh that's what makes it
exciting though
exactly exactly see this is great you
know on the episode I talked about the
challenge and dying and there's no
consequences yeah this is the kind of
thing that makes guacamole exciting to
me sure so is is the the metagame the
game that you put on top yeah yeah
meeting myself to no deaths he died did
not you might have missed it because
deaths and respawns are incredibly quick
and guacamelee
you dine from skeleton with a sword ah
that's it no more playing that's the
rules
yeah I you know I know I'm close to the
end but we got a long day tomorrow and
I'm not gonna force Jack to sit here I
know also the stream are yelling at me
to push on but but I thought this was
the rule of the no different is we just
stop whatever you die yeah but chance
think push on gears we rich you rich and
talked about making this a sub series
yes about making the the no death run of
any game of sub series and even if it
lasted two minutes
that's it that's it yes and that's what
makes it interesting so it will continue
yeah well we're gonna call it oh you had
a great name for it god damn it one life
to live
one extra life flavor loves the intros
the life real I only live once your life
you only have one life to live that's it
ree-ally shit game should be any
different you don't have one life to
live one life continue continues or
something something there was something
in there still life that's funny get a
life
more coins
I don't know we did we forget it doesn't
matter yeah yeah alright that's gonna be
it that is gonna be it but thank you so
much for coming out
even though rich failed horribly
no not Orville you did great you did
great
okay you guys have caught up with some
decent names here please coin insert
coin was one of the titles thrown around
for previously recorded yeah yeah but we
decided that not not enough people would
understand the arcade reference I think
something else was called that there may
be another thing that's gonna that could
be that was one we kept going to I
forgot what it was aim something came
something yeah closer you get to the end
the worse you did when you died what the
worship feels I think as it does its
general that's the bow that's the point
this is what made cuz this is
consequences consequences yes this is
what makes owed I hard that's what you
should call it that's a good that easy
not easy no this is what makes modern
roguelike so exciting is you have to
beat it in one life why are we calling
it get a life hey it'll come to me in an
hour
chair before I got a pad sure oh that's
what it was calm
alright well we're leaving but thanks
for coming out again we really
appreciate it and we will see you guys
for Sunday on Sunday for either a or
will we
