Episode 090
Rich is going to win at FTL (Part 2)
October 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_6tS5qf4UM
___________________________________________

the only steam powered technology a
steam-powered
microwave and you speak out of flame
punk like materials that you would see
in that area Arab years and yet hypes
and the idea is cool I have seen people
you know it like conventions and self
dressed up and steampunk it's me what
the fuck oh I heard that one yes that
Clemmie Fandango did subscribe so it man
makes would probably be psycho pondered
on all right is there is there a
technology it's the absence of
technology okay
Mad Max is the breakdown of Technology
mister I'm just thinking of like all
their stuff is made out of like the
trailer for the new movie Charlize
Theron has like a robot arm and you see
like a part of the gear of it is made
out of a wrench and things like that but
that's not like computer related
technology here the Wikipedia is still
up it's the mixture of high tech and low
light okay so so Mad Max is just the
future of dystopia is just future do
something yeah all right absolutely
apparently the name is base it's nothing
released at this time yet
and I can find at least there's isn't
anything amazing at the store I'm
finally gonna upgrade my furniture do it
already I've been wondering why you
haven't because I found the automated
reload around ion weapon those are those
are too good to pass up when I answer
the ion Stunna yo not as good as the I
am blessed they did it to me again oh no
oh I'm too automatic reloaders another
ion stunner yeah someone to baby King
he's saying they just subscribed to red
letter media Stumbler account is the
company aware Jesse stopped updating it
over a year ago we didn't have it we
don't have I don't think you guys have a
tumblr not a fisheye story
oh I did know there was a tumblr but
jesse has nothing to do with that I
haven't updated it in forever that is no
I started it just as like a new speed to
put on the website I used to embed the
news feed on the old old old website oh
okay but I haven't used it since then
yeah don't put that on me there is a
tumblr page that keeps up to date though
I think it's called fuck yeah red letter
media but we have no association with it
but they just kind of but they need they
update it no gifts
this crew is doing much better than my
last crew those guys were incompetent is
that a guy with pizza roll no no we're
not Yahtzee
guts with an S going nuts with a Z is
the first one I saw after you asked for
a name guts that's right I'm so oh yeah
and but yeah by the time you guys hear
that rich is looking for a crew member
I've already read one so just keep
commenting that's the moral of the story
there's Elizabeth pain you ain't
batteries not included one of the people
I haven't seen that movie is it sells a
kid it's a bad girl no they there's a
guy in the building that does like a new
painting over I remember that yeah yeah
but is her irony not completely new
really partially new doors I'm sure
vague memories of this and I think
that's her yeah okay that's you know I
rewatched that recently I haven't seen
it since I was a kid and it's not nearly
as good as you remember I mean to a
laughable degree yeah I watched last
night something that did hold of great
which is the 80s remake of the blob oh
okay
it is excellent ascent frontier Bob
drove it oh really or co-wrote it would
shock Russell yeah it holds up it's a
really solid script in the effexor some
of the optical stuff doesn't quite hold
up as far as effects go but all the
practical stuff still looks really good
that's great
yeah avenge 11d fold has a really great
quote from dick neutral the blonde Dame
had a pair of jugs like mounds of flesh
that held no interest for me what is
that that's dick neutral character
did you did you and ER what do you ask
me to name it a long time ago did you
name it
yeah what like whatever it was you told
me to name it well damn new trouble
does this know it was third fire barber
fire but we're still on that we change
the name no no you have to wait to wait
now I'm sorry you guys you have to think
carefully about what you want to name
the shift next time I tried but then
again Billy hecka yes dick neutral is
not just asexual he's extremely well
they're different degrees it seems like
a very sexual that's it he's forcibly
like like not only asexual but he points
out things that would be sexual in a
non-sexual manner that's okay right okay
yeah that's good
I know you're not paying any attention
to the game but I'm not I'm sorry this
is such an effective fucking effective
weapons you know who wouldn't care about
a fuck so toes
yeah the Dave leaned forward over the
table she could have leaned backwards
for all I care
[Laughter]
[Music]
this person is making me laugh all night
yeah it's the same person who well no
that was a different bird no no but that
was the same person he's had like
freezing errs oh that's great so todos
man dick dick neutral mutual the other
day I was watching madman and I saw Jon
Hamm and the only thing I could think to
myself is that man needs some looser
trousers Jesse Zelda I wouldn't be the
perfect face for dick neutral I think
dick neutral needs to be like like a Jon
Hamm someone who is very attractive sure
but just is funnier absolutely yeah yeah
we need like a Scott Bakula time am i
right yeah beckylyn now or Scott Bakula
anytime okay first of all what did you
just put Scott Bakula in the same oh my
god of course got backyard no you know
yeah uh duh I was thinking of the karate
kid who's the Karate Kid
that's what machi that's no that's got
bail no no Lenny kid is Ralph Macchio
who's God's guy it was Charles in Charge
I was thinking of snotty fail like why
are you why would anybody think of Scott
Baio because they doesn't think of
scalping because I just watch the SAPS
and it was a Sabbath no that really
sucks that Scott Bakula has a new show
though he does yeah he's on one of those
NCIS
it's New Orleans I'm not gonna pretend
like I don't know it is
I saw the look commercial for it and I
was like oh uh that's the end of my
story
wait who you tellin Scott Bakula Scott
Baio Oh Scott Baio doesn't he doesn't
worry okay that's I was gonna sing for
him he's working again well Scott Baio
showed up on Arrested Development right
oh yeah I know he did blah blah blah
yeah that's right you know okay so Scott
Bakula is dick neutral okay sure he's
the face for so when we do casting we
want us not back then tighten it Scott
Bakula or John Hamilton yeah yeah
absolutely I would say we have to get
John Hamm or Scott Bakula or we just
don't do it oh that's not a tightness
absolutely we've done
I mean Hamm does a lot and he does a lot
of comedy so we could probably reach out
okay yeah I mean definitely reach out to
him Bakula he's back you love I would
say Dracula in vacuum okay well if we
can't get a litter of those then maybe
we should go after Danny DeVito so we
can get that crossover steampunk route
to cyberpunk no we can take that again
no no it's bad it's really upset with
myself for fucking you should be good
would have been good I'm upset with you
too that's all right
I mean nothing it's gonna have to so
close that was Jay not me someone's a
nice try jack no blame on you yeah oh no
one else who said it's okay Jay they're
fine with you fucking Wow if you did it
though oh yeah so many unsubscribing
subscribe subscribe
what's the audio recording for
unsubscribe Oh
there should be one can you do that no I
don't think you can I know they use it
constantly for the conference okay this
is a pretty good she was standing there
in the moonlight hair blowing in the
breeze reminded me of a horse I almost
drove into one 966 okay then what they
can't all be great you just gotta put
them up hey Josh Vince thanks thanks for
putting it out there
we appreciate someone wants to talk
about how you unlock new ships there's
various question you can run across yeah
oh god damn it
and you know just beating the game and
beating the game of certain ship ships
and different quests quests are the fun
way to do it and and we decided on FTL a
little too late there there is a very I
have played and have this have a lot of
ships unlocked on my Mac side but we're
playing out my window side so we can
stream and for some reason it does not
FTL does not cross save between Mac and
Windows and so to get your Mac save over
the window side is a fairly complicated
process and we decided on I feel late so
I apologize but doesn't matter
I'm looking on the Twitter okay I don't
know if you saw this but Josh the wizard
he tweeted because we're talking about
the BAM gravity kills that's the group
the other night so he tweeted about the
fact that they are on the soundtrack to
seven and mortal kombat oh and gravity
kills just favorited that tweet thanks
gravity kiss gravity kills they only
have twenty three hundred followers
gravity kill should be thinking us
dick the birthday boy says jack I love
spelunky but I suck at it
how do I get good he's asking good I
belong to you you just play it it's it's
a simple platformer you just keep
playing it until you until you good
until they get gun
hey there's Mario Mario said he did one
and it's funny oh my god that's a great
one Mario Mario she moaned god I'm so
fucking wet right now I handed her my
umbrella
and walked out into the right I like
that one bar bar smell good so
oh if someone is asking J what your
favorite band is is it the gravity kills
its gravity kills yeah I think Simon s
that one in another stream and I
completely think it's it's Smash Ball I
mean but only like one song by them but
I like it so much that they're my
favorite band they probably be the
Talking Heads
there's two bounds I'm not a huge music
guy happy music I know you are needs to
be more into music yeah that was when I
was in high school music I listened to
get some crap yes okay we have a human
being though so if I find like Angie or
a mantis I might replace him but but if
you if you want to be this guy possibly
temporarily we will name him Billy hecka
[Music]
what are you having an HEC Katie Lucas
farts how do you spell my haircut are
billions bi l ll e l three L's reals
Tamils hecka is H ACK a l Yakko Yakko
what hacker eka there you go h e AG Oh
God h ec ka you said h a I apologize
okay
for one the Lucas farts one is gravely
Lucas farts she told me her pussy needed
attention so I called effect
[Laughter]
so the other night I was watching the
anaconda music video from Nicki Minaj
and all I could think to myself was damn
that seems like an ineffective work
after you can't think analogous to like
if you're doing films war you can't have
a pretty menage yeah yeah camera I know
but if you're doing the old timey film
noir detective voice yeah it's weird to
talk about Nicki Minaj alright I'm gonna
go ahead and agree with that yeah I I
understand what you were doing what do
it better do it better how did you just
read Xena troops yeah hmm
fasten your seat belts she said it's
going to be a bumpy night I thought to
myself how glad I was I just bought new
shocks for my uncle see this border line
is Honda Accord it is borderline yeah
the joke is there you just need to
replace the type of cars yeah with an
old-timey yeah 1940's car I kind of like
how that car just because it's such a
generic type of Connor that's sang it in
the 30s detective voice less eager to
work whereas nicki minaj is so current
yeah that's to pop-culture to science to
this now let me know what it is it is
weird then he drives a Honda Accord it
is weird
well I mean no that's what somebody says
oh sure sure
no now all I'm thinking of now is is
dick neutral bits I think we need to
stop this in mind and right dick neutral
I think the stream is over we've got
work to do she was breathing heavy her
face red with excitement I had her in my
arms and I told her softly honey heat
stroke is a real illness
I'm trying these people they get time to
you know write the sentence craft it out
yeah I mean you're just going right
upside your head
right
what that's not a good one we already
said it's too current oh my god I think
spider webs all over
oh my god
yes avenge eleventy fold you cut another
great oh my god I uncharged err you know
how to whistle don't you she asked just
put your lips together and blow
I knew I had learned a useful skill
avenge 11e folder killing it like that
one they get ya like a jerk that's just
one yes good well not always his his
comedy one of his comedy series started
off with a fantastic forbidden I never
listened to any of his albums oh man it
was it was it was just classic noir
McDonald of running a bit so far into
the ground that it came back out again
and resumed but you know like it's it's
like okay so so Johnny Storm you have
the power of fire right you your whole
body turns on to fly so we'll cut but
you're still like a human so we'll call
you the Human Torch and Kim you turn
invisible and you're a woman so we'll
call you the Invisible Woman and Ben Ben
you you you're a rock creature you're in
a horrible awful thing so we're gonna
call you the thing and me my arms
stretch all over the place I'm really
stretchy so I'm gonna be called mr.
fantastic and then they keep going until
the
you took a call Oh animus primal yes you
are still alive have you lost anyone is
that gonna is that gonna fix it yes you
just did okay only not really I'm not
going to apologize because I think you
need a little you need some drama but
the drama is winning fuck you shake it
up if you could because I mean rich is a
player the players are gonna play and
he's playing the game so he's gonna play
let's check play oh god she wraps in
that song she does that she talks she
talks in some of the words I got big
spider webs all of it yeah killing me
here J sounds like a personal problem Oh
oh my love isolate mutate thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
are you still hearing the what oh yeah
there yeah I'm in like the FTL zone do
her FTL zone thing that's alright oh my
god space camo asked a very important
question I love that name space come on
yes okay who would win in a fight the
80s version of Kurt Russell or Bruce
Campbell
the answer is kind of obvious it's Kurt
Russell eighties Bruce in Campbell was
pretty scrawny he wasn't scrawny but he
probably wasn't as buff as Kurt Russell
Kurt Russell was crazy I'm gonna get the
Kurt Russell lots to do with physical
strength and more to do with diversity
of roles Bruce Campbell was very similar
most of the things he said he's great at
it but oh we're gonna fight no Superman
yeah that's like I don't know so I'm
just gonna go with with something
completely unrelated to gauge the two
odd because I have no idea what all
right they were in a scene together and
escape from LA and Kurt Russell wanted
that scene here's the thing never seen
this game from that translation yes
that's why translation J doesn't care
about your stupid question Oh skipper
only has moments yeah it looks it looked
around I would say if you if you are not
a huge fan of the original then it's not
worth seeing at all is the stuff that
works in that movie only works because
of Kurt Russell ooh
Billy hecka has a good point though if
it was a chin matchup Bruce Campbell of
course Campbell who does a chin matchup
so their entire bodies are bound and
they can only fight with their faces
which is giving me a look and Bruce can
it's never left Jay it's not I'm sorry
you should be sorry my Halloween spirit
is ruining Halloween spirit you know you
didn't move see it's that's very true
that is
sit where you currently are sitting yeah
I just need to move if I move a couple
inches away like I am oh my god you're
totally right
Roberts dude are we win well sokar my
god that's like the chin equivalent of
an atomic bomb Kurt Russell a Bruce
candle have their bodies bounded can
only fight with their faces so Robert
said oh yes we are kicking some ass I
think that's great Rick you're doing a
very important job
well then resume Roberts door is in a
movie with Bruce Campbell there are the
first two maniac cop movies really yeah
oh there you go
so Bruce Campbell's in maniac cop huh
yeah he says he's like the weed and the
first one gets killed in the second one
no spoilers oh my god the second one's
really entertaining I don't care much
for the first one but the second one is
like classic 80s low-budget filmmaking
or they're just really there's this
really great chase scene where
what's-her-name he's not one of those
sci-fi shows Claudia Christian what's
sure she on does I named some familiar
to anybody
hmm she's on some sci-fi show not Star
Trek but one of those like five for one
of those no not slot sir Claudia a
Christian she's she's one of the main
characters in maniac up to then there's
this part where she's outside of a car
but her hand is handcuffed to the
steering wheel of the car and the car is
going downhill in a busy New York City
Street Oh completely out of control
and she's running along with it it's
really awesome and it's like really
great action filmmaking on the
low-budget great good movie everyone's
setting Babylon 5 I was right Babylon 5
okay yeah that's
it's awesome it's so good there's a
really great action in that movie where
you're like you're watching you're like
they got away with this get a little
bunch of movie green home you know it's
there's not as many people are you know
make sure everybody's safe and things
are you know probably don't have permits
to shoot some of it sure is it running
this car down the street it's so good
Josh John have a really you have a
really good setup to a to a dick oh my
god I forgot his name ma'am take Neutron
take your drill okay hold on ice I Sam
thank you for subscribing oh my god you
got a flex I got a flat gun I don't even
give a shit
really I don't even give a shit that can
go fuck itself Oh on wait I lost my eye
Sam made me lose my place Dutchman's he
has a good start of a dick neutral joke
here which is is that a gun in your
pocket are you just happy to see me I
think there's a good joke there you know
he Josh man says man said is that a gun
in your pocket or what lady said is that
a gun in your pocket or just happy to
see me I turned and said neither it's a
boner you and help you in handle you
could have a boner my thought might seem
Adonis my spin on it would what would be
neither it's an involuntary boner yeah I
wouldn't say boner either no but I need
something very like the gun in your
pocket are you happy to see me as a
classic more line so that's a good setup
is all I'm saying he would say man that
is a pencil or what if it was just is
that a gun in your pocket are you just
happy to see me I said it to gun it's a
gun ma'am I've already told you awkward
silence I've already told you my gun is
correctly a holster on my hip neither I
was bitten by tarantula neither it's a
cancerous growth that's too weird yeah
that's too weird it's a tricky balance
it is what they they want to know this
person is saying they should place bets
on who would win between in our wrestled
match between me and you between me and
you Jesse would probably win I'm very
weak yes yeah cuz right now I can joke
and have a funny time like yes I will
lose to Jesse but if we actually do it
and I try and I really lose then that's
really bad but I am very I am very weak
I have there was a time there was maybe
a good six month period in which I
actually worked out and I felt fantastic
and like I could see real like muscle
growth and change myself and then I
decided I wanted to sleep in and sleepy
it was more important to me than working
out
oh that's an interesting Joe : I'm gonna
cut it I'm gonna cut it a little bit
it's a little long she sat in a dark
corner
Jaime seductively through a haze of
white smoke i ticketed her for tobacco
using this in an establishment
[Laughter]
it's nice one that's nice
he kept on going and in in Milwaukee you
just can't smoke in any establishment I
assume where you're from you can't smoke
in ASL you could worry gold noir types
oh sure sure I ticketed her for tobacco
use an establishment with 50% food
takings it went on that way see that's
too long
let's see lie too long of a punch yeah
there's a good set up though I really
liked her setup she sat a dark corner
hang me seductively throw Hazen's yeah
yeah you have that moment like oh I get
the punch line yeah but then it keeps
going yeah it's true technically a
private detective wouldn't be writing
tickets that would be a noise that's
true that's true and if you do it that
snarky voice there still true you you
wouldn't he still doesn't have the
authority to write tickets I wouldn't be
legally valid hey laundry tiger 2,500
thank you for subscribing with super
appreciate it also I really enjoy the
name laundry tiger laundry time jack
laundry tiger
mmm give me a name
laundry tiger I so late mutate welcome I
shall a clue take your umpteen anti-joke
rich is what his comment was then you
asked for a name someone said that your
grandpa rich what yeah yeah problem are
you so grumpy john eclipse they're
grumpy they're grumpy that's fine i'm
fine during this run of FTL yeah that
last one you can fuck itself how do you
win FTL like what's the goal get to the
end and destroy the extremely
ridiculously powerful ship that's there
ok so that's this game has the most
lovely balance curve being boring so the
entire so the entire game you have all
these little dots right you have to go
to as many of these dots as you possibly
can to collect all the stuff to upgrade
your weapons and upgrade your ship so
you can deal with this massive ship
battle at the end but there's the
oncoming rebel army and if you have to
fight them you don't gain anything you
don't gain scrap you loot you gave one
fuel and they will fuck your shit up and
so there's this there's basically like a
it's it's a it's a timer that you have
some control over because you can choose
how many dots you go to in fact it's a
beautiful game now ok
do I want to teleport around I just want
to jump on washer men and steal coins
from them that's an OK thing too
anything you don't get coins for
mushroom nd you shoot them with a
fireball you do okay that's what I'm
thinking about
so goombas their mushroom mess their
goomahs their coca I understand but
saying I want to jump on mushroom man
sounds funnier yes you don't understand
comedy joke it's true I don't know if
that was the right move but I find it
useful against the that's only because
so I'm going slow tonight because I've
had more than enough this week already
spoilers someone is saying Jack is
talking about FTL Jack talking about FTL
is like the kid in American Beauty
talking about the plastic bag I guess
that would make sense because Jay
doesn't care about the plastic bag but
I'm way into it that's true yeah let's
go say I don't understand the connection
because I don't understand FTL but sure
it's it's something that you find
mundane that I find beautiful
remember when that movie was a big deal
I do now nobody cares it's really dated
kind of shitty really I haven't see I
have not seen it since the kid the stuff
that holds up in it is the comedic
elements to it mmm but man no yeah
really though I don't think so you're an
image even even at the time I didn't
care for the plastic bag bullshit like
well no but I don't think that you're
supposed to but it's treated like the
way the kids talking about it like
you're supposed to be on his side and
understand him and I'm like you just
sound like a dumbass but it's so
heavy-handed the sand is so obvious and
heavy handed kind Jesse is very good I
tried
oh we didn't Kiwi is better than me I
did not see your subscribe pop-up oh
thank you or in the chat so I apologize
but thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it Josh Vince that's not a
better one I mean now you're just
reaching it's about the punt you need
your punch needs to be way quicker he's
trying to eat trying again with the
everything's coming up millhouse Oh
scrappy Umbreon nice nice
[Music]
what don't do you because you were doing
oh my god oh yes you might hear oh I
think I am I'm thinking of how to end
this is that a gun in your pocket joke I
thought you guys are talking to me and I
mean full of confusion Jack what do you
think do I get rid of that heck oh wow
Benson yeah more fighting
more fighting he's got barely anything
yeah I mean you got to go further I mean
Charlie if Charlie has something they
should we at least should we preserve
the name where should we know now it's
not the rules if you're letting them go
you're letting Billy heck ago Billy heck
out I'm sorry I am sorry I told you this
might happen
it's not you it's me all right give me
give me somebody else and the same rule
applies because it's I'd still rather
have a mantis or I can never call the
Voltron the vulture is the sometimes
Salters it's fine TR oh oh D no.31 one
says he'll be charlie
okay you get me Charlie Reed sassy
ridges that's pretty three sassy ridges
huh that's a lot of sassy riches
I don't care what she came into the
wrong office
that's what to me it's funny okay this
broad walked into my office
she asked me is this dr. Schmitz I said
no no she left that's to me that's funny
it doesn't work and the concept of the
tech neutral exactly it is very funny
but the dick neutral needs a sexual
innuendo setup and a blonde punchline
somebody else of Burt's expectations see
me and then he replied no it's a roll of
quarters it's no laundry day that's
pretty good okay my my are and
capitalist my makka Phyllis just
subscribed thank you so much for your
subscription I apologize if I did not
pronounce your twitch user name
correctly but we appreciate it
nonetheless I thought you're trying to
say Mara like mayor markopolos what is
that it that's wat my RM e cup of coffe
Phyllis well my definitely isn't mayor
mayor McCullough's
[Music]
maybe the jokes just kidding
that could be - yeah I'm trying to force
it hey this person that you can't
pronounce yeah the case was brought in
by a real hot tomato the sergeant said a
fawn I blonde real desperate see she had
trouble written all over her I left his
office thoroughly confused so not only
is he completely asexual he doesn't even
understand innuendo
[Music]
ooh oops B boot speed thank you for
subscribing I'm super appreciate it
but a fun name would be boots b o o TS B
Y boots B you actually ask the chat
about our alien confusion that part near
the end of the movie we're both like did
we miss something even remember I'm
talking about do ok people listening hey
Jack I gotta watch the original alien
the other day in Scotts alien in
preparation for playing alien isolation
well in your preparation I just want to
watch aliens yeah but we're watching it
it was towards the end everybody's dead
you know Sigourney Weaver really sets
the self-destruct mode on the ship no
and she's running down the hallway to
get into the escape pod yeah I remember
oh she runs into the alien and drops the
cat yeah and then she immediately turns
around and tries to shut off the
self-destruct mode and both of us were
like did we miss something why is she
trying to all the sudden shut off the
self-destruct mode if anyone knows why
please tell us was it just that she knew
she couldn't get to the escape pod in
time so she wanted to try and stop the
ship from blowing up while she was still
on it but that couldn't be because then
she goes right back down the hallway and
just walk it just goes to the escape pod
walks into the escape pod with no
problem yes or nothing escapes an escape
pod is there something that was ship
that gets shit blown up yeah so I'm
wondering if like yeah I don't know
maybe just that brief encounter with the
alien she thought she wouldn't have time
we were very confused and we feel like
we both missed something cuz it seems
simple enough but yeah us can figure out
what was happening like she saw the
alien she goes back to try to shut off
the self-destruct but she can't so then
she just goes to the Life pod anyway
yeah so but something simple that we
missed please feel free to call us
dummies but yeah we were both like what
happened here hold on there's an another
joki that spike 1382 said she brushed up
against me firmly her breasts pressing
into my arm I felt a little dark but
that's okay yeah let's see here
dark comedy is good in comedy yes yeah
we know the alien was in front of the
escape pod but then why didn't you try
to lure the alien away yeah she knows
his run back and the time she takes to
try and stop the self-destruct mechanism
she could have spent just ready to do it
for hallway and then running back yes
where she goes somebody answered it and
they said because movie because yeah
because movie sure but I don't know it
was a weird diversion yeah let's see
here it's a great movie don't get me
wrong I think you guys just need to but
we just shake it off you're right no
there was and there was a couple things
like that in the movie
it's still fantastic this is the first
half is stronger than the second half I
would say a buildup is much stronger
because the second half is more it's
basically a slasher movie in space yeah
well maybe it's great but the first half
is the discovery and all that stuff is
so good
yeah and everyone is just saying because
she couldn't get to the escape pod and
that was not clearly shown well it's
shown that the alien is in front of her
and she runs away but she spent so long
because it's such a long process that
trying to stop the self-defence her
self-destruct mechanism no that's like
she could have just diverted to a
different hallway and then I don't know
right it was it was the way it was
presented in the movie I thought was
clunky
yeah a G shots has the sequence correct
yeah
turn turn on self-destruct to go to show
get startled by alien drop Kat goes to
try to turn off self-destruct too late
returns to shuttle alien gone and then
spoiler alert but yeah it just there
didn't seem to be a good there didn't
seem to be good motivation to try to
turn off the self-destruct yeah isn't it
is is the problem
I thought I saw another good joke on the
same dude oh dude oh wow
maybe I'll say
[Music]
wanting not to die was the motivation
yeah but it seemed to take longer it
seemed to take her a long time to get
back to the front of the ship yeah yeah
I understand what is happening but I
don't think it's clear why it needs to
happen in that way if that makes sense
that's the real thing
yeah it takes it's such a long involved
process to shut off the self-destruct
mechanism yeah that it seems like she
could have just gotten back to the
escape pod in time yeah I don't know
maybe it's a minor thing but it's it is
very minor women think about in space is
safety and that's by the way that was
the other part of it is it was never the
cap why the cat was there was also never
properly explained oh yeah
which pisses me off because then she
goes back to save the cat for no
apparent reason
yeah the cat because if I had a limited
amount of time to save my life I would
not give a shit about a cat
Amy this is me it's not even established
that it's her cat we assume it's her cat
yeah no no here's the the dick neutral
joke she said she was on the rag some
Dame's have no taste in music ragtime
hello I like them refer to rank time
music is the way that's my issue with
that one I get it okay how about this
one she asked me if I wanted to go to
her apartment for a cup of coffee I told
her it was 1:00 a.m. for crying out loud
[Music]
[Laughter]
all right their minds make too much of
Seinfeld though there's a job like that
on Seinfeld yeah where yeah George is in
the car with a girl and she has he wants
to come up for coffee and he says no
coffee keeps me up that's right that's
funny
like Oh apparently the cat was a
metaphor of course I was Thank You ed
Witten that was funny she said to plough
into her I told her I'm a detective not
a farmer which one I didn't pay
attention to the game but somebody said
it rich hands mark remembers in the tank
yeah rich Evans ain't nothing to fuck
with
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
Oh real Rob Rose thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
welcome to the dick neutral chat no
that's the Clem Fandango says the real
question is why Ripley is is wearing
tiny little panties that's that was just
as that's the 70s 80s thing like
everybody we were saying this is either
70s 80s things or future thing because
they conserve material for every pound
of weight you have it it's takes
something like a hundred pounds of
rocket fuel to get it into space and so
you I'm surprised yet panties on at home
[Laughter]
Jack are you saying if your house was on
fire you would not go to save princess
princess's name isn't princess anymore
it's biscuit and of course I would try
to save biscuit but I would not run into
my house on fire to save my cat yes I
would just I would just buy another it's
very true
Oh Zac fraud thank you for subscribing
we're super Grisha hated that's funny
okay well it really doesn't even get
that long big up then put the seat you
should have been easier to just come in
with a cane I mean I understand you
spell your name with the mage absolutely
take the birthday boy I would absolutely
save my computer's before I save my cats
yeah because my computers give me money
no you know what I have insurance
yeah my wager is I don't care I would
say you know what I would save my hard
drives
oh yeah the things on our drives are fun
but not even because after I archive
them I have a fireproof safe zone no I
would so go get biscuit that I don't
know i would miss unless you were
putting yourself made any major ginger
yeah so I would get the hard drive that
I'm currently working with because that
one most important yes
the other ones are under fireproof safe
as they should be
oh no someone at something subscribing
why because all we're doing this time on
dick Neutron that's what would you
rather we talked about I don't know
what's more important neutral oh here we
go
she walked out of the shower looked at
me and her towel dropped to the floor
she should have used a rope so Toso oh
my friends my hard drive is not full of
porn who has do downloads porn anymore
it's all streaming come on can't with
the times let's talk about event horizon
we've talked about that before
it's basically doom yeah and it's kind
of I don't remember being that and right
I still need to re-watch it ever ever
gonna talk about that last week yeah the
timer I saw it in the eh er way back
when in the early nineteen hundred's
maybe watching
I think it's on that dick neutrals
arch-nemesis is private browsing like
that that's a fantastic Joey yes let's
get my an A or Missa feliss that's a
great joke Randy Quaid just subscribe
well Jesse give Randy Quaid thank you I
guess
there could be the Randy thank you thank
you for subscribing no thank you for
Christmas vacation too Oh watch out for
those Hollywood star whackers oh yeah
the month the money he made with
Christmas vacation to afforded him the
pleasure of subscribing so I suppose
it's a win-win he's still tweets Randy
Quaid even though he said to flee the
country and he's like in hiding he still
tweets yeah and there's other bizarre
things that yeah you've ever read them
oh yeah let's look at some Randy Quaid
meets what let's see what I can find
here continue talking while I like
that's okay someone was asking me often
you would go to the theater in your
theater going prime I swear in grease
and it's 5 a.m. right now now Howard
we're getting rid of this another one
well thank you for being my I'm not I'm
not killing people off I'm just firing
them ok that's good yeah you're just
letting them on but you're like letting
them off on an abandoned ship yeah think
you can take it wherever they want oh I
like that I like that all right name me
I'm gonna wait for the first person to
say name me full of beats roll it soon
subscriber only they're all pizza rolls
oh well here we go Theodore J hooker
says me oh my god Randy Quaid has many
many tweets about the TV show chips it's
like well they're not funny if it's the
only thing that's funny is that it's one
after the other so he's in high D and it
only does is watch chips apparently
that's great that sounds incredible it's
appropriately crazy Randy Quaid is crazy
it's where's chips even on anymore does
he have DVDs
