Episode 092
Teleglitch - (Part 1)
October 28, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-3G5Xc7NSw
___________________________________________

welcome back I turned off FTL you
probably noticed because we're gonna
play something else
blue screen of numbers it's funny ah oh
that's that's their actual stars instead
of weird error okay yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get this ready for you guys
to see
actually
wait I want to probably hearing it Jack
did you know I just be deaf to y'all I
tip how you just beat up the house
climate sure I knew that I knew that
rich don't you worry about nothing and
by the way you did great thank you you
did a great job you guys probably want
to see what we're playing there you know
what they're all going nuts for
pictionary it's not gonna happen
not gonna happen tonight pictionary is
gonna be its own special thing we're
gonna play telic which deck has been
playing Taylor glitch and loves the shit
out of it and I'm gonna turn the volume
down cuz it gets a little kiss a little
odd oh I do want it full screen though
there we go it's the same for you guys
all right we're gonna play time' glitch
jacqueline so much it's gambling telling
which is very similar to another game
mechanic wise binding of issac o in
which yeah it's a twin stick shooter but
it's set on an alien planet after some
some zombies and some apocalypse happens
with teleporters so it's pretty awesome
also you can have scan lines if you want
apocalypse with teleport plc you know
what you'll see okay here we go working
on a master chop order that could
transport you anywhere
unlimited distance race we thought it
was minor glitch but it quickly turned
into a nightmare the facility AI became
aggressive and the military robots
turned on us the space of the complex
started warping rooms and hallways would
randomly reorganize themselves as if
following some sort of twisted pattern
I decided to see myself in here and wait
for help I've been hiding out here for
weeks but nobody came and I am running
out of food my only chance is to use the
regular teleporters of the facility to
get to the master teleporter and then
teleport myself back to earth so it's
all procedurally generated oh that's
neat yep and you're this little guy the
and you know like a twin stick oh you
know what there's something I need to do
there's an option that I find really
annoying which is this adaptive zoom
we're gonna turn that off
so now I'm a little further away which
sucks but the adaptive zoom can really
fuck with you so you know twin stick
shooter one right stick aims left stick
moves yet you start off with a gun if
you see up here I have my 9 millimeter
pistol
these are bums and this is an empty can
and there's crafting if you see here 2
bombs could make it more powerful bomber
okay so you can craft stuff so you have
to kind of pick through every room and
craft stuff to shoot you hold down the
left trigger and aim with the right I
see that little line now you can shoot
but of course bullets are very precious
so we we don't want way some you could
also stand people if you just press the
right trigger without holding down the
left it's the same like this is a
roguelike you have to meet it one life
because that's the definition of
roguelike you fucks so this guy I can
take it I'm just gonna I can get away
the static heimeau's thing I'm assuming
that ammo is very important just facing
one enemy oh yeah nice see it like you
see that little glowing thing so that
means this item I can pick that up so
that was something I don't know why
also there is no music in the game
there's just the sound effects and it's
very eerie to play ok very creepy that
looks neat next also if you notice like
when I shoot like like so it kind of
warps a little bit like the world warps
and the colors warp it's really neat it
has a really neat aesthetic to it so I'm
really enjoying playing that I wasted
bullets I'm blowing out that and I kind
of like that but that's - you don't turn
me I'm doing pretty terrible but I'm
also pretty just new at the game in
general so they're like mutants like
they're multi-legged mutants that's what
I want to say and because I used my guns
they can hear me now so they're coming
after me from other words it's a
survivalist kind of thing very
survivalist very you get me for killing
like an FTL if you need this crap no no
it's all about survival kids sometimes
they'll drop like a can of meat that you
can eat
so also you'll notice my menu here you
can cycle through but you can also
reorganize very easily yeah so like I
like to put you know you can you can
kind of do that to reorganize so got my
shotgun now which is great
wait so I get some more stuff and I'll
show you like some of the crafting
options it's really neat dr. J asks once
the next prereq gonna be up anytime soon
it will be up soon I was just talking to
Jay about scheduling and I am going to
I'm gonna really push out the in it so
hopefully I can have that edited will be
done later tonight prereq yeah
absolutely I'm editing it right now
while you're playing the game while I'm
playing the game I don't believe you
know you should
but seriously will it be done later
tonight no I'm gonna have to fire you
again
you can I'll just keep coming back it
will not be too nice I look forward to
seeing it I will say after seeing some
of the gameplay
everybody Jack needs that meat thank you
and so like you'll notice I just say two
can meet ya know Ivan empty can
I can't craft anything out of that yeah
but ya know I'm so far I'm all the
footage is in I've started editing I
maybe I maybe ten percent done with the
edit but you know like I have all of the
stuff in I'm not 10 percent down hold
there is a lot to edit there's a lot of
rich and I had one of our longest
conversations ever make it two parts
because why not
there's no reason is there enough to
save to merit that we'll see okay we'll
see there was a couple but what video oh
I have an extra bit of the guacamelee
that I might want to put up as a
standalone just a funny like off it yeah
okay so do you see these colors over
here on the left
yeah that is the Telugu inch that's
leftover goop from the teleporters if
you walk into that you got okay
so right now it's fenced off and this
will just die alike Oh tell a glitch a
spacetime anomaly alright these blobs
start showing up and if you walk into
them you're dead ends do okay the neat
thing is you can like what do you call
you can Matador the zombies into them
this is hobby something else are you
basically referring to those things I
think they're all this kind of them okay
so but yes I'm looking forward to
editing the new episode can I talk for a
while
and so far I think it's funny the one
the one is not spoiler I will not spoil
the review the one thing I will say the
thing that's hard about editing this one
is rich and I did not play the game
together here at the studio we played at
our houses separately in the dark with
headphones on to make sure we got the
full alien experience yeah and so
there's nothing you know there's none of
that footage to cut two of us you know
playing together and so that makes
editing a little hard somebody wants to
know we can't tell you that
that's boiler OH
so here we go here's some stuff I'm not
going to grab this but so like I could
craft it I have nails and bombs like a
crafted nail bomb once you start getting
more and more sip you can jack
apparently I'm winning you're winning
riches in the lead with ten votes for
what I have no idea but I'm winning and
that's always good right what do you I
don't know I mean yeah it's good for you
and chances I'm in the lead with ten
votes congratulations thank you I I
worked really hard for that thing that
got votes gonna eat a meat now here's a
great thing so I can push my empty cans
into a plate
and I want to do that right I mean I'm
really happy for you rich I think you
deserve to Lana and I think I think it
couldn't happen to a better guy the
polis who has the best laughs oh it's
definitely rich why is that even a pole
that's dad Oh voted for Jane and I think
ho asshole is just mad they died in my
first FTL run tonight yeah
yes okay so much like much like other
games we play this is the teleporter I
like the look and you get to choose your
fate you know whether you're which one
you go through I want to I want to clear
the room before you donate oh yeah yeah
the look is really neat the world's
really neat I love how they do this
shadow thing uh-huh you know because
it's top down like the shadows move
really weird it gives a really eerie
vibe to everything I just came instead
screen and had like a funny look on his
face and walked away
yes yes yes that's kind of expected when
Michael looks at any video game this is
a weirder one so I expect I expect you
to look at this and be weirded out Mike
you don't like it now Mike doesn't like
it that's a review of this game
Richard kicked me off the ship and I
still think he has the better way I
apologize
rich game he was an honorable discharge
yes
honorable honorable district on herbal
district I gave you your own ship that's
true yeah that's true
you you you did not destroy the ship you
just beat it so I guess what you're what
you mean to say is thank you for giving
me my own ship
spare a buck grades I have not gotten
any kind of dick the birthday boy poster
and any kind of mail there's a dick the
birthday well somebody says they sent me
one
we have nerds yeah when's the last time
you guys got the mail
but last shit the first ship rich Oh
rich opened the doors and watched me
suffocate that he's got a crying face oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry there's nothing
personal
when riches captain he needs to worry
about not only each individual crew
member but the the ship as an entirety
and the mission no I did that because I
was pissed off at the game oh that's
right you're forfeiting you fuck I was
the I was ready to defend you oh you're
totally wrong your actions is we have
that was that was reprehensible the
mission comes above all else rich it was
a lost cause
sure rich past the officer test quicker
the Detroit did what's the officer
doesn't know she was like taking none of
the command tests on the holodeck no I
don't it was like that was like the B
story for that episode in the end she
realized oh she had to send somebody
deaths can to send Geordi into the
radioactive tube sure to Priya okay did
you fail that that's didn't you that's
the very end she got it no after she
realized she had to murder people
goddammit who's gonna lose too much
health on this first level here as
Captain Picard should have done at the
end of Nemesis five seventy nine years
old aren't item aren't I the best one to
go over here I have an invincible
Android that an insane Klingon warrior
but I think I'm the best man Riemann's
an invincible Android that's the truth
he's an invincible Android
oh don't go in it rich would kill
Geordie in five seconds Oh tell if it
meant saving this shit I mean been
saving the ship I like Geordi
yeah you know what I think Geordi
remember like all those weird ask Geordi
storylines where it was all about him
getting ladies and it's not like we
don't care about that I remember the one
where you turn into a like a chameleon
creature what it's not turning like an
invisible monster some way mission he
was um years ago apparently infected it
affected him with something that was
just it's manifesting no oh as sure as
area yeah the convenience this happened
a long time ago yeah okay you know
there's just so many episodes they all
blur together not all
the glitch and they all default no no
that wasn't the episode that they want
with devolving people that was the
Voyager episode where they went past for
10 and for some reason when you go past
warp 10 you devolve into a salamander I
think like what's-his-face was the
pilots name I mean Tom Paris time varies
and Janeway went an experimental show
craft they went past warp 10 and when
they came back they eventually turned
into salamanders and they being
themselves down and like a swamp planet
and they had salamander babies so they
don't never go past worm time it's turn
into a salamander that's right oh my god
what kind of fucked-up show is that
Geordi was mutated into a chameleon man
that's different that's different way
different that's way different
here's my little running guy he's gonna
run all the way over here I don't check
the people box that's Jessie's job man
right we're at the mercy we're at the
mercy of our boss question how do I use
quotation marks you say shit that's a
you know what that's a good question
you could really look it up Oh pick up
now for every somebody's screaming that
they sent me something in the mail games
and a poster where is it Jessie when did
you send it
I'm waiting for a response all right
rich they're saying you have the dick
the birthday boy poster in your house
there is apparently addictive birthday
both listed poster I'm not saying
anything
rich yeah do you think we should go to a
plankton farm which is an abandoned
sector or the military biology saying
what are the pros and cons I have no
idea
military biologists up goddammit know
what plankton I use the thing just oh my
god your things I asked rich your thing
just did a thing I'm thinking you have
to move your mouse everyone's alright
yes you did just ask that's rich and so
it's not like I'm not listening to you I
just you know I was came in I want to be
fair it's rich cuz I asked him I'm not
sure if it's the same person but
somebody said I sent it last Thursday do
you have delivery confirmation also
Monday was Columbus Day I said yeah
everything's two days now so keep that
in mind
and where is it coming from yeah that
also matters I know a lot about mail you
know a lot about mail yeah have you
played this game would you pretty much
know what you're doing or no I I haven't
gotten past like the third or fifth the
third or fourth level the third or
fourth stage I mean I kind of understand
what I'm doing but I don't know enough
to to know which is better going to the
military zone or the blanket from I
believe the military zone has tougher
enemies but the plankton farm has more
of them how do people know your stuff
they're on the bottom of the website you
got like scroll all the way down there
is an address for a few parts and any
any weird shit you want to send us you
can send it there and reason and in in
theory Jesse will pick it up but that's
just in theory of course you are maybe
not maybe that maybe she'll just take it
home and put it on her own wall take the
birthday boy poster Mike what is the
name of the Jordy turning into a wizard
man episode
degree Mike thinks it's the enth degree
no no that's not it that's not it that's
not it
that's the already turning into a lizard
one yeah we're talking about that
episode that's something right cuz cuz
it was like that his old crew was old
ship yeah yeah yeah they all had like
some sort of virus yeah transmit
transform into species that's how they
multiply
we're also talking about the episode
where Tom Paris and Janeway turn into
salamanders yeah I forgot about that and
then they the salamanders go to a planet
and have salamander babies but then they
turn back into humans and they're weird
they rain salamanders but Janeway in
Paris feel weird about it
[Laughter]
very very legitimate salamander that's
horrible that illegitimate well but
they've they disowned them right
basically yeah salamanders don't get
married
beyond salamanders it was an
evolutionary okay this is DNA got paid
for charge because it wasn't a squirrel
time these are real thing I don't many
of those usually when you talk about the
plots of Star Trek episodes I'm like
that actually sounds interesting I need
to watch this but this is the first time
I'm like I'm not watching that
somebody's saying identity crisis that's
it that's it okay we have my
confirmation yeah what season one of
those dumbass seasons you know
season three and four not fillers it's
the most because people always say this
series is good from this season to this
season what is that four three four or
five yeah why is that the scouts like
yeah three and four specifically primary
for us was people turn it into
salamanders and having children on
another planet and then coming back no
no that's my boy I know that's what you
guys were talking about the stuff they
know that is dumb yes
how about Chakotay as the boxer at
boxing the boxer is the worst episode of
television that's yes that's really the
epitaph of Voyager isn't it there were a
lot of dumb Voyager episodes you know
what it's thermo potential yeah yeah
they start off with potential and then
they threw it out immediately yes
they're these two disparate crews and
how will they ever work together
Oh everybody's just Starfleet now yeah
everyone gets together along just fine
there are no problems and we're a
regular Starfleet crew and we're gonna
go on adventures in the bland zone they
should have never called it the bland
zone but it's where the shit started dun
duh duh but instead of Klingons you have
what the fuck they call that the Kazon
oh sorry
that was pretty rough to him fuck you
guys in fuck Star Trek oh no oh my god
what the hey Naboo felt our thank you
for subscribing we super appreciate it
then I'm wearing the headphones now and
so I just heard rich say what the fuck
in my headphones and it scared the shit
out
but but that is very helpful for telling
us when subscribers
[Music]
jace joke was so bad at me everybody
leave China have a nice night thank you
you gonna say goodbye to everyone
anytime but I don't jace joke was so bad
that I'm unsubscribing that's ok this
this stream just got an awesome this
stream is exactly how it always has been
it has ups and downs just run away well
I have to kill them eventually you have
to like what's the goal which level here
to get to the total okay yeah we got a
Carol behind you the whole time they'll
chase you faster oh you care cuz I like
to like to explore like to explore
it's like a sticky bomb there that good
nope this this does look interesting
maybe not as interesting as pictionary
well like fix Ares gonna be its own
special thing papers please
we're somewhere entertaining them so
much they want to go to paperwork yeah
virtual paperwork I completely agree
with him you should go play papers
please
well you know and we're not sure if J&J;
might stay so I'm not sure like talk
about anything
what do you want to talk about you know
I talked to all during the year I feel
so terrible I don't tell stories good
this is your job no we don't need no
talk good you have to tell stories now
[Music]
you get you get the important job of
carrying the focal end of the stream
while I deal with the visuals go there
once was a lady from Venus oh my god and
she was kind of shaped like she's kind
of shit did dick neutral who just
subscribed thank our subscriber who was
it oh thank you
Corwin Chapman they're subscribing
we appreciate your your patronage two
fingers girls two finger oh that's a
weird bit make it makes perfect sense
trackpads are unnatural you're weird and
unnatural but I guess you knew that
can you guys hear them they're they're
planting something in the next room over
you know everybody's talking about dick
neutral talk about how you talk to your
fiancee and to marrying a hack fraud
she's she's blind actually look he's
stuck in the corner oh she thinks I look
like Jackie Gleason which is fine
because she has no idea what Jackie
Gleason looks like either Jackie I don't
know that's a weird reference it was the
first fat person I can think of the
first person I thought of was Jackie
Gleason that's why I mean that's weird
Kevin James no I would not like him
Kevin James first let alone at all sure
true that I think Jackie Gleason
occupies more space in my brain than
John Goodman not but I don't like John
Goodman sure good adios bye guys I mean
he was he was smokey George scalp I'm
terribly watching the first smokey the
bandit was in high school because my dad
had it on VHS hmm and it got to the
opening credits and it was some like
really corny country song and I was like
no so I didn't get past the opening
credits of smoke Wow Wow
it was anticipated to be the
highest-grossing movie of the year came
oh yeah what will he be here was it like
that well then I don't know Star Wars
okay I was gonna say for any question
like that the answer is Star Wars except
for every other year in the history of
film that's the only fucking piece of
Smokey and the Bandit trivia I know I
don't think our audience is interested
in hearing Star
Orr's facts I want to hear more about
Smokey and the Bandit yeah the only
Smokey and the Bandit trivia I know and
this is the depth of his journey but
there was originally the idea the first
idea for smoking the band at 3:00 which
I don't think they could get Burt
Reynolds back for oh there is a three
but it doesn't exist in this form but
the original idea was that it was gonna
be called smokey is the Bandit and
Smokey and the Bandit would be played by
the same actor that was their original
concept for the film
yes I mean sounds great and that's a
piece of information that is revealed
when they're in heaven and Bill and
Ted's bogus journey and they're playing
sure oh yeah with Albert Einstein
Einstein thought my guess is it yeah
which is such an obscure thing like cuz
I heard that the movie I was like what
are they talking about and I actually
looked it up later well in the movie
they made it was a snowman the other guy
I was was pretending to be the Bandit I
think even had a fake mustache I
remembered I wrongly myself part of the
movie on cable and there was a guy with
a faint Burt Reynolds my gosh I was like
is this what they've resorted to hmm I
never saw the movie those movies I
didn't care yeah how about that gone Ted
three you know lightless journey oh but
here's the thing
I will I mean it's probably gonna suck
but the guys who wrote the first two
movies are back to write it
they're already written it and the
second movie is so weird that the idea
of doing a third movie with them old it
could be weird and interest okay okay I
have very you know I'm very hesitant
about I'm not certainly not gonna get
excited about it but it has potential
because there's so many weird things
about that series anyway also it's not a
pressure thing no it is a for-sure thing
it's not a for-sure thing
Keanu Reeves just did a reddit AMA and
they asked him about billing tens
oh and there's apparently stuff that me
it hasn't been like eyes dotted t's
crossed s-- okay
it's funny the mood they've been talking
about for like 10 years yes it's an idea
that's my floater there are some rights
management issues that okay resolved
yeah what's Keano doing these days you
think John we're on a wick oh that
horribly generic looking action I don't
know do you mean what his famous actor
cannery is doing nowadays whatever the
fuck he wants using the 47 Ronin he
directed a movie about Tai Chi or
something pity the man of Tai Chi
actually heard he was good the man a man
of Tai Chi I've heard the title he
directs a bit okay I heard it was good
who's Alex winter he's the other guy
there's bill nurse said he's Ted or bill
he's built this cannery
oh go oh great was it a good documentary
yeah I neither rented the movie frites
have you not seen freak freak freak
Randy Quaid's it oh no he well he did he
is he started as an actor Alex winter he
was in villains head he was in The Lost
Boys oh he's in Death Wish three and
then he went on to be more of a
filmmaker you did a show for MTV called
the idiot box like a sketch comedy show
there's a little scheduling between
music videos huh that was weird and kind
of interesting cool
and then he directed fries which is a
kind of a cult following it's a quality
movie it's very weird is that the right
mode freak show I haven't paid too much
such the chance but I'll have to Jay if
there is something not cool going on in
the room you bring up that van hammer
yeah buckle I'm looking at the chat
either but fuck them I don't know I just
saw octo Jason not cool okay yeah maybe
a sake maybe sucking on a frites
so octo Jay if you have a problem with
freaks then I got a problem with you
this reef is good the other Bill and Ted
guy yeah yeah yeah Alex would are ken
Reeves is actually in that movie it's
the dog boy what's his uncredited L
Twitter
yeah how do you feel looking at what
happened to Keanu Reeves career
they'll attend movies with him whenever
Bo buddies yeah how do you feel about
yourself well he's gone a different way
he wasn't interested in acting after a
while he became more of a filmmaker I
mean he's just done documentary about
Napster's okay he's been doing behind
the scenes yeah he's taking a different
career path that's Faso
I'm sure he's he he is fine if nothing
else he's got that sweet Billington
residual money but no he directed
freaked and Keanu Reeves did not so that
in my eyes makes him Brianna Reeves the
one about the freak show people yeah
octave J says we don't see things I die
[Laughter]
mr. t plays the bearded lady in freaks
come on there's a character who has a
sock puppet for a head that's voiced by
Bobcat Goldthwait it's it's great it's a
quality movie I haven't seen in a long
time but I remember thinking it was all
right okay i-i've heard of it I've never
I've never seen it well it was a movie
that it was supposed to be released
through 20th Century Fox it was gonna
get a big release and then I guess the
the people in charge of 20th Century Fox
changed between the time they started
making the movie and by the time they
got the post production sure and whoever
the new people I came in were like no
Aaron didn't get like a wide release
yeah it may have ended up being just
directed video or maybe got a really
really tiny theatrical release was this
it was it was unseen for a long time was
this like clerks time this was most
clerks probably a little before clerks I
want to say it was like or maybe writer
on the same time very early 90 sir so
kind of like Reservoir Dogs yeah
probably I can't remember exactly sure I
just remember reading articles about it
in film threat magazine because that was
the thing name and there was an e
special number II the channel yeah I
really do a show channel it is but it's
completely different now but back then
they did the behind the scenes thing on
it while it was still in production it's
like wow this might be a pretty big
movie
then it just vanished and then it
finally got dumped gun video free free
good freaked as in the act of turning
someone into a freak
they got freaked freaks is also movie
about service free yes that's a movie
directed by Tom browning that's an old
that's an old black and white movie
that's also pretty interested that's the
movie I'm thinking of okay now frites is
much much later Alex winter did not make
the movie freaks in the 1930s well made
in the 1930s I just thought it may be
like they were you maybe that looks
older no no no freaks is an actual old
movie freaks is an old movie about too
many like Jill stop brownies career
because it was so shocking and offensive
to people okay yeah that's great for him
no not for him it's an interesting movie
though I heard that's the one I've heard
of that's a me Jerry rich whoever what's
the worst day of shooting you've ever
had and why Lou oh man I would really
have to think about that I've had so
many is it every day every day
okay I remember one of our whatever old
high school movies I was playing a
bounty hunter and my costume consisted
of black boots black black jeans black
sweatshirt a vest of black overcoat and
a helmet and we were filming outside
during a heatwave hi I would like to
take the helmet off and I would
literally like poured the sweat out yeah
and that was for something that nobody
would ever see because we were still in
high school
[Laughter]
Oh someone mentioned gorillas
interrupted is that the worst no I don't
think the source for me because I was
the one that
get sick everybody else got saying you
know it was mercifully quick but I guess
they're asking for the best worst days
the worst days there were single day of
shooting oh man I guess this has to be
gay or just like worst shooting
experience maybe it's answering however
you would like it's interesting
discussion all right I'm trying to thank
you cuz I I'm miserable a lot what do
you shoot I really I don't have fun when
we're like when we're doing a larger
shoot I usually get stressed out and
annoyed at everything I'm trying to
think of the worst shoot it might be the
recovered there was one day of shooting
on the recovered where we shopped for
like 14 15 hours straight and it was
down in the middle of nowhere it was
like a 90 minute drive outside of
Milwaukee so we finished shooting at
like 3:00 in the morning and then still
had to drive back to Milwaukee that was
pretty terrible that was just just like
fatigued and hungry and tired so maybe
that one well what did the Evil Dead
episode of the bag that was along it was
covered with all kinds of fluids and
blood all day and that was that and
where was it cool it was I just ice-cold
because I was covered in all kinds of
fluids it might have been that but that
was also when the smoke alarm went off
in the studio yes which I didn't even
know a fog machine could do this but the
fog machine set up the smoke alarm and
we couldn't get it to stop so that is
that was that was a long day yeah that
wasn't no audit that was a long day and
I was only here for like half of it yeah
you should've up halfway through and we
were there to come and did you show up
did they no now we we um we got the
thing to shut off finally but it took
some doing
Jack why did you have a response were
standard today oh my god you know what
was a really bad day of shooting not my
worst day of shooting but what was a
really bad day was when some people that
I know had me be a zombie and it will be
called now I am here to help
I'm always here to help my problem with
feeding frenzies day I was Larry the
zombie son of mr. blanket and Jay had me
show up I'm gonna say late morning early
afternoon for the shoot and immediately
I went into full zombie makeup yes I did
not shoot for maybe five hours out and
so I made a full zombie makeup including
my hands I can't help with the cameras
cuz I can't touch anything I can't read
the book or play on my phone wonder I
can't do anything cuz my eye everything
is covered in zombie makeup and so I was
incredibly bored yeah or just like
sitting on the stairs yeah yeah that
entire show theme is higher feeding
frenzy shoot was us under estimating how
long everything would take yeah I have
Murray every single day was twice as
long as we expected it to be yeah I
remember one day I spent almost the
entire time sitting outside because
we're filming in a house where they had
a cat yeah so I can't I don't my my line
as quickly as I could and ran outside
until it was time for my next take yeah
also hello hello how are you doing
but somebody wanted me to say hi
