Episode 095
Super Meat Frauds (Part 2)
October 30, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAbPG6Ybvnc
___________________________________________

now mic microphone is on and now your
microphone is on okay I have a
confession to make
oh no what about I I didn't use the
restroom I just sat here staring at the
chat I did not want to talk to you guys
I can't I can't stand you I can't stand
you
that's not true we love all of our fans
the chat is is calling me out to an
ex-con match oh my with this guy G 3 3 K
what's y'all means no no it's it's brown
sorry it's pronounced 3G 3 K I'm gonna
be dead honest with you he probably
could buy us I've never touched the
multiplayer I'm only interested in the
single player so having zero experience
with the multiplayer I get a lil
imagined I would be trounced trounced
yeah probably I just like I like your
use of the word trounced it's been a
while since I've heard that
it's an appropriate use of the word it
is it is I just that doesn't mean I
don't like it trounced not a word you
hear too often anymore okay got to do
that better I like I like I like my
single-player gaming that is true about
rich Evans games games are what I do
when I don't want to interact oh yeah I
can I can I can feel that I'm here oh
yeah I will play a geek stir in in in
checkers you're you're that confident in
your checkers ability that that's great
is there a multiplayer mode and a only
in isolation where you just stand there
in a closet and do nothing with somebody
else you have to you have to share the
closet laughing now I'm not playing as
well was the delay I'm not seeing
gameplay though oh you know you know
what you're not seeing gameplay we've
been talking for a while okay okay but
you're not seeing gameplay because I
turned it off and you didn't turn it
back on yeah so I've been playing oh and
now I might have broken something hooray
or breaking things
oh one error has occurred okay yay Super
Meat Boy crash oh my lord that's okay
you know I we can just hit that play
button again pictionary
[Laughter]
absolutely
absolutely hold on you're gonna hear
some Oh God TV there we go alright let
me get it back up here get it back up
here say there's gotta be a program I
get used to one versus one somebody on
checkers the way I usually play it the
the Microsoft version
it's just anonymous people I don't know
if there was actually a way to play
somebody specifically that's a good
question yeah I'm down for it I'm down
for it
[Laughter]
I'm sure I mean there has to be some
sort of checkers game right yeah I'm
sure sure
saying which is quieter I will deal with
that in just a second okay okay
rich is what everybody is saying that I
am quiet there you're quieter now yes
well fuck mm-hmm
give me a second all right you might
hear Super Meat Boy fries a little bit I
rich talk perfect you make funny jokes
funny jokes okay you make jokes all
right and rich is talking for realsies
now where are you talking for real
talking for real I fucked up a toggle
there hi I hear you fine I'm sure they
hear you fine everything's fine
I'm sure or it's not everything's fine
or it's not how about that well and now
you're not getting me point you can't
see I went I had to go do the rich thing
and now we're not getting meat boy guys
know you got you have to choose yeah
they're gonna choose you and that's fine
but I want to play Super Meat Boy all
right Owen let's see if it happens now
more better says I'm wearing panties
should be your go to some Shaq
hahaha we recorded our audio because
obviously we weren't playing in the
containment because obviously we weren't
playing in the room where we normally Oh
My Jesus everything's everything's
everything's not working guys also what
are you getting in the stream are you
getting just black or are you seeing
anything I am saying the color
background you seems a color background
I'm sure mine is like mine is uh here we
go okay alright give me a second here
we're gonna fix it because computers am
i right computers that's that's what
they do they mess up sometimes or they
don't or whatever no we're still
actually not seeing it on our end that's
the weird thing
hold on I'm still seeing nothing I know
I know I oh no I'm not seeing it anymore
alright yeah we're gonna fix this guys
exciting tech support as always here at
the previously recorded studios yeah
dancing the hotel captain there's a tap
dancing joke in space cop now is there
spoilers
yes oh my god unless it ends up on the
editing floor how a tap dancing joke I
love it
I'm super excited for it there we go now
we got me boy
we'll see you know I'm just gonna wait
tap dance there we go okay now it's
working or I could say I'm wearing
panties that's that's entertainment
right that yep
I'm wearing panties I taught you that
you were wearing panties enjoy it yes
hey man I'm not kidding not doing it
fast enough that I mean you knew that
was funny which was that was my story
which is we were recording our audio
separately just so we could have some
reaction things to cut to and rich one
day was like I got it I have this piece
of audio and you have to use it and I
was like what did you say and he goes I
said I'm wearing panties
and true to form it was very funny the
more you say it the better it gets
I can we can only hope
[Laughter]
fuck this yeah what's that soap salt oh
okay because because your meat yeah you
are your slug no but it's like it's your
not meat it's actually supposed to be
like exposed flesh and so like rubbing
salt in the wound to kind of thing okay
okay I believe that I believe that's the
idea your your exposed flesh and your
girlfriend is band-aid bandage girl
she's a made out of band-aids okay I
also need to get good at this I'm not
doing I'm everybody just want everyone
to know that I'm working on getting good
there we go there we go anyone drink
warm beer when you forget to refrigerate
it sometimes sometimes luckily luckily
we live in Wisconsin and so we just get
to fuck we just got to put our beer
outside and we don't have to worry about
that
shit oh I wish it oh I get it
Oh who was that rich check check the
chat I just heard of what the fuck they
pop up later for me so when it pops up I
will let you know oh no it should be in
the chat Oh thorax Malone thank you for
subscribing thorax Malone thorax Malone
I'm apparently this is the kind of bug
man all right do what you do saw Rex do
what what you do but thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it I
haven't I haven't noticed that what the
fuck thing popping up yet maybe it is
that broke no you haven't noticed it I
haven't seen a pop-up it's a carrot yeah
I heard it okay I must have just missed
it oh yeah I guess I'm just looking at
the screen I don't have this sure sound
up because that'd be a weird echo oh
yeah no it said um someone said turn up
the what the fuck it's pretty loud yeah
we can't turn it up too much
thank God the chat is bringing up NPR
I'm I'm shocked and impressed National
Public Radio yeah what was that game
show they do wait wait don't tell me now
and they look the prize for the winner
is Carl kasell will record a a voice
machine message for you answering
machine message yeah they're saying I
should do that oh that would be great
dun dun how about then we can make that
happen
apparently apparently I have been
volunteered yeah I mean that'd be fun
you get it you get your very own rich
Evans what the fuck made an NPR
reference and I got it it's fantastic
rich we have very cultured fans I don't
know should fuck up stop talking
politely to shake you like the game that
is your yes we're just being an ass yeah
oh and that's the that's the thing I've
had I've had good conversations with
people online like on on Twitter and
whatnot people who disagree with me and
yeah and the last question isn't it
funny how the the exact same things we
think failed spectacularly they think
worked yeah nobody anybody who tells me
they were really immersed into the
experience and that the the alien
stalking them was frightening I don't I
don't understand that no no I don't
understand that but like you are of
course free to your opinion yes yeah I
don't get it and I I mean I am
interested in trying to figure out what
it is that was like wrong with me and
rich
but I've had really good conversations
with people and really polite a polite
exchange of ideas that that shocked and
amazed me because it's the Internet but
yeah then then there's the idiots that
you make fun of you're just it's because
you didn't play it on horn yes yes
that's not enough maybe if you were a
real gamer you would you would know how
to play it better
maybe you should I don't know there was
something to play wouldn't it
snap dog snap dog no what about those
super fun minigames numbers match the
numbers dude do you remember when we
were showing Jay the cut of the episode
and that part came up for the match the
numbers part and he was like his
reaction was that's really one of the
games let's match the numbers and I get
it also by the way everyone I get it
that they're supposed to be kind of like
time wasty simple games because you're
like afraid that the aliens gonna show
up at any moment
but it doesn't it doesn't show up at the
right points and you're not immersed in
the atmosphere so that you don't feel
scared when playing these mundane games
I didn't yes yes but I under like I
understand what they were going for in
making those games and in in a different
game where you're actually scared then
maybe yeah maybe something like that
oh fuck he pops up randomly because he's
not stalking you at any point it's not
like oh no this shit for five minutes
[Laughter]
I'm gonna deal with this shit
that's exactly what the game is now I
gotta deal with this shit
rich is quieter than before I think they
I think they just want to hear me Jack I
think that's the problem I'm okay with
that where somebody else is actually
saying rich is sitting quite so that
might be a thing you're and also like to
me now you sound funny your your mic
sounds funny to me it sounds like
computery
really yeah
could be a skype thing on your end have
you uh you haven't changed anything my
computer can't stream without melting
Jack no I haven't changed anything all
right
I have just officially turned to Rich's
volume up hello hello talking I'm
wearing panties Jack Jack yes yes rich
do you know life experience
don't don't review something unless
you're gonna like it
no don't don't review something if you
don't gonna like it or something oh my
god I need to copy and paste this quote
somewhere cuz I keep forgetting it and
that that makes me sad that's okay rich
it's okay you know what happened also
hmm super meatboy crash so what's
happening know what you know what Jack
you just you just go to FTL go straight
cuz I'm not as good as you it's fine I'm
gonna no I'm gonna play Super Meat Boy
for
I'm gonna I think I'm just gonna try to
beat the salt levels and then I'll play
with you
Jack you you do what you want no it's
your night but I've been on a big FTL
kick I'm trying to unlock all of the
layouts more than halfway there nice I'm
just gonna be let's see how far a man
in the salt factory here FTL Jack to it
please uh yeah I'm gonna be I'll be to
sell factory and then no place and I
feel I need to unlock the mantis B and
the crystal ship B I just got that I
think that the crystal ship it's a
reference to a door song I think but
nevermind
there's a door song the crystal ship and
there's a crystal ship in FTL
that's one of the unlockables oh sorry
but I got like to be layouts to unlock
and I got most of the C ones to unlock I
only have three of those bands boring
stuff dad this is not boring so that
tales never never born I know Jay thinks
it's boring but he can go suck it hey
rich what is your favorite band slash
music artist um I had to pick two
favorites quite fond of Nirvana and the
doors so they're nothing alike which is
interesting that is interesting I you
know it's weird to think about you as a
doors slash Nirvana family yep favourite
album would probably be Dark Side of the
Moon but on the whole I wouldn't say
Pink Floyd is my favorite band the wall
I think is overrated the album some
really great songs on it but as a whole
I think I think I like just about every
track on Dark Side of the Moon sure
except for on the run then what about
you jack
I don't was gonna music you know you
know I enjoy music a lot I really do I
don't ever seek out music you know
uh-huh
I just stumble unto it I just stumble on
to it I you know I wait until I wait
until you know something comes across my
ears we have a great radio station here
in Milwaukee called 88 9 mm-hm and it's
a it's an independent radio station and
they just play whatever the fuck they
want and I so I like listening to them
because I just play whatever the fuck
they want here's an interesting question
because I've never been asked it before
favorite DVD commentary what I'm gonna
go ahead and say that's a good question
yeah it is evil tattoos i remember being
pretty good I remember liking the Big
Trouble in Little China commentary well
sure okay I'm trying to think of all of
them y'all have been so many they still
do did it I mean obviously they still
make commentaries right like yeah that's
the thing that's the thing that still
happens
there we go um there's some really
fantastic commentary tracks any of like
oh that's not a wall I don't know that
commentary haha damn it rich rich stop
being so funny uh yeah yeah funny in
quotes I've really enjoyed all of the
the Kevin Smith commentary tracks and by
all I mean you know like classic Kevin
Smith commentary tracks like clerks
Mallrats I don't think I've heard any of
those they're really good that you know
what that man is good at talking I like
I like his older movies but oddly enough
I don't know that I have any of them on
DVD really yeah yeah I I want to say I
have clerks in three different formats
on three different DVDs when those
movies came out I don't think DVD was
big thing yet it's not actually and
that's why if you listen to I don't know
if it's still the case but his Mallrats
commentary track actually yeah does
nothing but disk DVDs because he backed
laserdisc oh really
and so they spend a lot of the
commentary track talking about how much
DVD sucks and he had to do a special
thing for the DVD release like a little
preamble plays before his commentary
track and he's just like we recorded
this and we thought laserdisc was gonna
be the next big thing obviously DVDs are
fantastic but at the time we really
backed laserdisc
so you know hardly oh heavens once yeah
so that's it's really adorable to listen
to them bash DVD in in lieu of the much
better laserdisc
you know when you have to fool it over
halfway through the movie how would you
ever think that's a good idea
I don't care yes that is the correct
answer
I don't care but you know he's good at
talking and I like hearing the stories
he's he's uh that man talk good okay
okay well you know it's why he's a
podcaster now more so than a director
yeah it's true you know it it's I laugh
because I'm sad how about that
I guess not really sad you know he did
his thing was Tusker a train wreck
did you see it no I have not I thought
you did no no I didn't see that well
said
Jay has seen it okay it was for him to
think of everything about Jay then okay
Jay has seen it I refuse to because I
know exactly what it's gonna be and I I
can't I can't I can't watch a Kevin
Smith movie and and expect it to be bad
because there's so much nostalgia hmm
and so I just don't want to be
disappointed again so I'm just not gonna
watch any of his movies anymore I don't
I don't think his current bad movies can
make me look unfavorably on his older
movies Oh know what I mean what I mean
to say is even though I know like I've
heard bad things about tusk uh-huh
I've heard it's a movie that's trying to
be the comically bad movie schlocky kind
of movie that we like and it fails
because it's trying I will still expect
it to be good because of my nostalgia
for Kevin Smith does that make any sense
I don't know but you're gonna make
whatever kind of sense you want to make
[Laughter]
Thanks whatever kind of sense makes
sense for you
oh my god oh my god there are missiles
in this level right I'll have to take
your word for it I'm still watching the
last one you did oh there we go yeah you
don't find it except for the dying but
you know everybody dies everybody does
everybody poops sooner or later
oh yeah UHF has a great commentary track
that's that doesn't that's good yes
that's good what what do they talk about
on the UHF commentary track oh I don't
remember I don't remember I just
remember like I like commentary tracks
in general yeah yeah well they get
either they can either be really good or
terrible do you know what a terrible
commentary track is hmm Mel Brooks is
Spaceballs really super terrible who's
on the commentary track Mel Brooks oh
that's so weird
yes all he does he doesn't talk about
like the filmmaking or the process or
anything like that he spends the entire
time telling you that a joke is about to
happen we hear the joke and then he then
he says he explains the joke oh you see
it's funny because they're watching
themselves on TV and you know it's like
present-day
let's that's why it's funny huh he
spends the entire time explaining the
joke it's it's Terry it's
heart-wrenching terrible yeah that's
disappointing well you know like Mel
Brooks not being funny that's so weird
well but that's the thing is he's a
comedian he's a writer you know like he
write jokes and crafts the jokes he's
not someone who wants who cares to talk
about the technical sides of things and
so that's what he does it makes sense
okay tangley it's really hard to listen
to
have you ever seen have you ever seen
American movie no you haven't
nope I haven't seen a lot of things oh
you should see American movie that's the
one about making the bad movie right
about making them bad movie in Milwaukee
yeah oh my god what am I supposed to do
down here um alright
yep get lucky get lucky Chris Smith is
the director who made American movie
fantastic documentary about making a
movie in Milwaukee his the commentary
track for that is super fantastic
because it's him and it's Mark Borchardt
who's the guy who's the subject of his
documentary and they're just just
talking about making a movie and it what
am I supposed to do down here oh I get
it I don't get it
I figured it out rich okay I figured it
out but I fucked up that's a really good
great commentary track the American
movie commentary track which is weird
because it's like a commentary track for
a documentary you know but they just had
they had more insight and more knowledge
more knowledge to give there we go
that's just such a fantastic movie
American movie for a while
my cousin Jake worked for Christmas news
in Milwaukee filmmaker and he made some
really great car commercials it's true
he's one of those filmmakers what he
does is after the success of American
movie he he got popular enough to get
commercial work and so what he does is
like one or two commercials a year to
finance whatever weird project he wants
to make mmm and that's it like he's he
is permanently just kind of at zero he's
not making money he's not losing money
he doesn't know missiles and then he
makes a really weird movie because he's
like an artist like he made a Bollywood
feature he made a movie called the
yes-men about a group of eco-activists
Amanda does not give a fuck but if you
remember those car commercials a while
ago I'm fucking up now if you remember
those car commercials a while ago where
he was a car that was like parked and
then like a dog would slam into it
because the dog thought that the car was
going really fast oh yeah or we're like
an old man was yelling at a parked car
saying slow down it was a commercial on
TV or a commercial on the internet
because I I haven't watched TV in like
years at this point it was a TV ok
everything everything I watch is on like
Netflix or Hulu or something
oh yeah it was a TV commercial and of
course it was years and years ago and I
only remember it because it was
Christmas but I'm not I guess I what I'm
saying is I'm not expecting you to
remember it but for anyone out there in
the chat
Christmas okay I don't know what I'm
doing wrong here I'm losing a little bit
of my brain losing a little bit of my
meat boy brain maybe maybe you're
getting exhausted I am you know what I
need another donut you can always stop
and get another donut I this is the
thing that might happen while you're
doing that I'll I'll just sit back again
and look at the chat with contempt you
love the cherry yeah I do yeah yeah of
course I do
of course I do they're good people or
they're not I don't know I don't know
them personally I mean they watch us so
they have to be unremarkable assholes
but that doesn't mean they're not good
people
okay stars just itching for a fight
I don't know I don't know if I should
give him the attention Jack that's
that's a few rich your your skill is
being put into question I know I never I
never claimed to be the world's biggest
ex combat yes I've never made that Club
you kind of made that claim when did I
make that claim in stream number seven
of riches ex Cameron you claimed to be
the world's biggest ex-con badass okay
no I don't know you you know you you
talk about X comma lon
let's go yes you have a zillion hours in
Dexcom mm-hmm so by transitive
properties you claim oh my god make sure
my true calling us checkers Jack I know
this but this do they know this
can we already kill me already I love it
that your true calling is checkers I
think that's hilarious how long are you
gonna be doing this one level check
right seemingly a while or I'm gonna
finish it right now I did I finish it
right now listen that's that's how it
works sometimes it's hard okay okay here
it is boss level boss level you'll see
I'm on I'm at a delay here so that's
right you know what and here's the other
thing I'm doing rich was super meatboy
because I love it so much
I'm not even skipping the cutscenes I
haven't been skip I am absolutely
shocked yeah that's true because you
know why they're so cute it's so cute
here just a little piece of meat you
fighting a fetus in a jar with a Sudan
yeah I think the replay was broken on
that last one cuz you died too many
times
maybe one of the exes what maybe
accidentally hit button
maybe I absolutely hate the school under
Oh God
is this some this is one where you need
to be perfect and you race the guy yeah
I can be perfect
you know he can post that checkers link
as much as he wants I I'm not even I'm
not even streaming so nobody would see
it it's just for him
is he a poop boy or is this tofu boy um
I'm not sure I'm gonna say I'm gonna say
tofu because poop is okey okay
yeah it's okey it's a little bit okay I
find poop to be okey you find poop to be
okey yes my personal opinion yes poop is
hooky okay you know that's fine oh my
god you have to do this entire thing if
you fuck up I can do this well that was
the thing with the game is uh maybe this
I think he's a poop guy ah he's a poop
guy they made an unlockable character a
super tofu boy after Peeta complained oh
really how about Super Meat Boy and
super tofu boy was like sickly and slow
[Laughter]
that's great yeah how do you do that you
don't know I don't I'm terrible this I
don't know how I I think it passed here
but I don't know how you figured out
muscle memory
I got I stopped sliding sliding and
slowing me down right what was the Fed
made you think you wanted to get it a
filmmaking
where's yep there there was no movie it
was just like Mike had a camera and it
was a good for aid of Alvin but there
was no inspiration where I want to make
the next clerk sir I want to make the
next Batman return
she's always fun fucking around with a
camera mm-hmm and that's that's what I
did for a long time you know we made
movies with my cousin
and you know we just fucked around with
the camera but then we saw clerks and
it's like oh you can do this this is a
thing that people do and it turned you
know it got really real after that well
yeah I mean obviously anyway anyone with
a camera that's what you do just fuck
around with a camera
oh my god Jesus rich fuck rich fuck no I
absolutely not I have a fiance check
something attractive about your bald
head but I'm just no really oh no not
really no I'm just trying to be I was
just trying to meet us with oh thank you
don't mention my stubble I had stubble
in this episode I a dust on of stubble
to pan head stubble it was face stubble
no I had I had face double I had head
stubble - no no I said shave my head but
I I only had time to shave my head or my
face and I chose my head okay Saurus
that is the right choice absolutely if
you are a bald man who shaves his head
and you have to choose between shaving
your head of your face choose your head
why does everybody always sound so so
shocked that I have a fiance Jer I
that's I don't know listen people you
know and Loveridge of course of course
he has someone special it's like listen
what's what's the the joke you know
honey Boo Boo's mom I had a better girl
there's someone for everyone people are
assholes right just don't listen Oh
it's been spun I'm how could they not
know either it's been an open things
like a while now yeah I reach out it
comes up every chance somebody like
riches a fiance
what maybe that's you know what maybe
that's just a good thing maybe that just
means we're getting new viewers all the
time okay okay and I don't know maybe
it's just because they don't have anyone
in their lives and then just assume
that's the same for everyone
that was me I'm sorry that was everybody
I'm really sorry
no you're not I'm a little sorry how
about that oh my god I got hung up at
the same part of fuck I'm gonna vacuum
in back Jesus
all right rich I'm going silent for a
little bit no because I want to
concentrate on this level so I can beat
it and play fel okay jack but don't
don't talk about things you don't know
okay like that CL yeah yeah don't don't
talk about things you know
okay
you know what then I want I want that
that quote on a frame
I want it framed okay well we'll put it
up on that corner that's my office yes
hang it on the wall what about the
lessons of life you twat and he has to
know English or he wouldn't have been
able to understand the review right
right are you going to stream the making
of the best of the worst episodes
someday you guys just watching three bad
movies you don't understand how boring
that would be we give you the good bits
but there's a lot of bits that are just
us being miserable absolutely miserable
long stretches yeah think about how many
times we cut to the reviewing or to the
viewing or in Perm movie right three
mess yeah yeah and each of those times
were you you see us for maybe about five
10 seconds mmm-hmm that's it and you
know yeah we say stuff we throw out
jokes but a lot of them don't work and a
lot of times we were just sitting
passively and watching you guys would
hate that and you're going
have to trust us yeah yeah we do
understand but we want it anyway you
have to understand that that's just the
lessons of life rich fermions of life
all right
I am going
