Episode 097
Rich - Armchair General (Part 2)
November 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpn-ygHy85Y
___________________________________________

general upgrades oh listen I know I
could always if you want to take that
chance if you make that chance
aspects form has already called one of
the slots I'm gonna wait for the second
one if you decide to get one or both
till we come up with over somebody
should say oh my god
but you you're you know what you know
what tempts me the most rich is that
it's something that you've never tried
before
that's that's why I'm tempted my my my
tactical mind says save that for shields
and engines that's my taxable mine my my
creative weird explorative side says ooh
let's see what this does but I don't I
think that's got a bite in the ass and
here's the thing I'm I totally agree
with you i what i could do is fix my
entire ship and upgrade my shield to the
next level I know I know
or I could fix part of my ship upgrade
my here's the thing rich I have to do
this but I'm gonna play it smart I'm
gonna prepare that's smarts yeah repair
all and upgrade shields I apologize to
everyone
second shield level and the complete
repair of the ship was very important to
me
sadly Jack you probably made the right
choice you know what Jack you don't have
a crocodile brain you've got a lion
breath wait and that's that's the lesson
of life oh yeah they don't like it in
the chat I was being smart I'm sorry
chat sorry rich one rich one at FTL and
I didn't want to lose okay you come
across a human civilian ship preparing
to leave the sector they message you
we're getting out of here
there was some cult rambling about the
spreading of the disease you mantis
before they forcefully boarded our ship
and tried to open all of our airlocks
shouting be purged be purged is nowhere
safe anymore and that's it but nothing
happened there probably could be on your
ship let's continue right yeah they're
not on my ship I don't know when they
open your doors no you have to know they
didn't know anything they were telling
you know what they did they told me a
story
oh okay they've warned you that's not
useful okay trust beacon we're coming up
so that'll be fun all right here we go
I'm still upset you did this Martin
thing Jack I'm so I'm very sorry that it
would have been it would have been so
badass but to like it would have been
the two latest boarding parties that
just suck the oxygen out of her room
would have been fucking glorious it
would have been glares here's the real
problem is I didn't have enough to also
upgrade teleporters to get them out of
there just in case and so like it would
have been a doomed mission because
they're not good fighters that's that's
what you're that's what you're healing
burnished is for Jack okay okay you did
hey you did the smart thing that's not
my fault you weren't stupid
you detect the damage of vessel docked
with the jump beacon it appears that the
Lantis are absorbing metal from the
beacon they're risking destroying it and
becoming stranded ask if they require
assistance or leave I will ask if they
require assistance
you begin to message the ship but it
quickly powers on its weapons
defensively it appears to be fully
functional and looking for a fight gosh
darn it he's a mess
oh they have a cloning bay that's fine
you know why because they don't have any
weapons I wish I could I wish because I
have that I am I could remove their
oxygen and kill them slowly you need
multiple ions before that's effective I
know I could do it though I was doing it
left and right the other day I had like
four fucking ion weapons let's see here
you receive a message from the enemy
ship that your translator struggles to
interpret penitence for metal offering
intention
Oh a 22 scrap three missiles healing
first uses missiles does use missiles I
have 15 and they fired on me so fuck
them okay nice and it will be because I
said fuck them we get more scrap and
three fuel okay okay you're pretty good
on fuel though yes I don't have to worry
about fuel for a long time okay here's
the de-stressor II beacon ridge yeah
it's coming from the surface of a nearby
moon your sensors are picking up a
single life-form go down to the surface
to investigate yes you find a man living
alone in a cave from the appearance of
his wrecked ship it seems to have been
there for many years he looks healthy
but his mental state is questionable
bring him back to your ship in hopes of
finding some help for him or leave the
madman to his ravings he's not worth the
risk
if you don't have an upgraded med bay
there's like a 70% chance he's gonna
blow up part of your ship what yeah he's
gone crazy from his time on the planet
if you have an advanced med bay now they
can heal him I don't have an advanced if
if you don't he might be a regular old
crew member there is a chance for that
but there's also a chance he's gonna do
damage to your ship I don't think he'll
kill somebody but I can't say that for
sure but he might he might take somebody
with him and if you don't have them the
med bay upgraded seems like that hat it
seems like he's crazy more often than
not and because the chat asked I'm
pulling that percentage out of my ass it
seems it seems like he's not far more
often than he's a normal guy unless you
unless you have the upgraded med bay to
heal him yes yes yes Chad he has space
madness okay
you did read crew I don't know you know
you don't I'm sorry you just bought this
Deb I did some our crew I don't need
crew I will need crew once my boarding
party is useful again yeah yes Moki 85
that's right there's a 100% chance for
no damage if you leave him and there's a
relatively high damage he'll he'll cause
damage and kill himself possibly someone
else though I'm not sure he will do that
I know I did
you got it rich what did you do I left
them fucking there all right I feel
terrible about that you know it's a
harsh world it is but you know what just
happened I stumbled across a badly
damaged Lana's craft it jumps away as
soon as it sees you looking around the
area you discover a number of destroyed
of rebel automated ships it must have
been quite the fight but I get 49 scrap
and a fuel and a missile just for
jumping to this location that's always
nice that is always nice I think you
have enough scrap for it to be worth I
have an 80 scrap but I can't get to the
store and to the exit in time
I can go to the store then I'd have to
jump back to this beacon and then jump
hit hit the jump button and let me look
at the map yeah so so here's the store
the store is not connected to the exit
or I could hit you got about you got
about three jumps you think I got three
in me if I did that I could see I could
hit this store jump back and then jump
to the exit I might have three I
definitely have two where does that
where's that one right under the store
go to is it that doesn't reach the exit
no the one the one that's the one that's
directly to your right no yeah that does
not reach or that does reach the store
yeah but then I definitely wouldn't have
enough to get back to the exit in time
um um I'm thinking well this is a tough
call cuz I could I could hit I could
hear you know I could go Bam Bam and hit
one and the exit and be fine and then
upgrade my teleporters or upgrade my
engine or something you could because
the next sector the next sector I can
actually use my goddamn boarding party
so it's like you you can you could hit
like an extra one and three extra jumps
and the store if you didn't mind
fighting the rebel fleet once or twice
like you go to the one you could go to
the one down and to your left then the
one right of that then up and then up to
the store and then I'd have to fight the
rebels twice
they'd have to fight the rebels to get
back to the exit probably twice sure but
you would get it like four jumps out of
it rather than just the two you'd get
now to the exit hi dad its judgment call
I don't know how good you aren't
fighting the rebel fleets you know I'm
rich fuck it let's do it alright alright
what'd I say oh yeah Lantis merchant
appears to have a significantly improved
later as he clearly understands your
missile medal message contains more than
sufficient does your ship care to
exchange resources - 700 this is an
interesting one so -7 drone parts and I
don't have any drones 420 scrap which is
really nice mm or incline but ask about
their translation device translations
device is 40 and you're near the end of
the lantus sector okay is that what that
is
alright everybody else wants you to do
the device of course well of course they
do
oh well also they're big jerks who want
to see me fail that's always a factor
you detect a ruling translation equals
Laius crew member okay does it I don't
remember if that automatically happens
or if you have to hit an event with the
translator before you get the crew sure
but whatever whatever what's done is
done okay I detective refueling platform
near the beacon although it's broadcast
signals garbled you can't and you can't
oh it's broadcast signal is garbled and
you can't make out the message hail the
platform to attempt communication stock
with the platform or ignore the platform
I'm going to hide them or what are you
okay I'm not sure what I'm not sure what
all the ramifications are so yeah go
with hail I do it hail there's a screech
from your con system and the broadcast
suddenly cuts off the platform suddenly
begins to move revealing itself to be
Atlantis ship okay so it's a good thing
I did not dock with them because then
I'm sure I would have had bitches all up
in me and you don't want bitches all up
in ya somebody telling me if somebody is
telling me that that guy is back and has
posted replies Oh has he
I can't wait to hear what his crocodile
brain has come up
my lion brain can't wait to hear about
his experiences of life oh great we got
a whole bunch of fuel and a whole bunch
of scrap we're good that guy is great
whoever that guy is is great yes we did
it be proud of what the chat is doing
right now what are they doing
anyone oh you can't see anything
[Laughter]
Thank You Chad that makes my night you
guys have got to get your shit together
though it's a little you're you're
almost there so Jackie got slavers yes
so we are going to attack the slaver
scum and get ourselves another crew
member
hopefully sometimes they just blow up no
well I pick up I'll send over my
boarding crew
oh yeah Oh phew I think if you kill the
crew yeah you get to choose from like a
list of people oh really oh I've seen
that happen I'm definitely doing that
hold on I just want to take out their uh
their weapons really quick here
oh they can't do nothing to me anyway
hold on we're gonna get out of here wait
that one's a double laser though you
want you want to hit the lasers once
okay yeah now you can probably go over
that one was that one was a I don't know
if it was a dual shot or a burst - but
we got him and now we're just gonna
heavy ion just go yeah heavy ion that
weapon sure sure
want to make sure they don't do it they
don't run away the bitches start
charging up my heal beam because I
remember yes yes
last time I was super dumb and didn't
hey where you going
it appears the slave just did not
survive the fighting you find a matter
burnt oh no no it's great but before you
strip the ship you hear faint noises in
the wall you break off a latch and a
slave falls out in a hidden compartment
and he's a Zoltan
oh sweet yes for those hey this little
glowing green guy it means I get a free
engine point and you're gonna be my new
shield master can I live ken but what's
your name rich what's Ken's new name
okay what is the code word for the chat
the first person to say such-and-such
that way I don't get any of that I said
it first
shit sure sure the first person flippity
chips flibbidee doo flibbidee chips
what's wrong I'm not putting on sensors
come on No
chain him to the all right bi B - I - ll
t - e TL e ÿÿÿ ÿÿÿ that's too long of a
name I can't be Cash's how about just
bill what is it bill bill totally if you
take out if you take out the the
underscores b io l yeah t ET l ey bill
totally you're on this telly except the
SE queda is already revved up on engine
you so much so tell me you're gonna be
our shields guy i just get those shoes
always that's great
fantastic now that is fantastic heck of
a run heck of a run we got on here
don't don't forget to heal your mantis
and rock man god I'm healing it right
now okay okay important to do when you
have the boarding strategy
[Music]
okay
[Music]
hundred seventy-three so now we get to
go to the store now we're going to the
still are 172 scraprack Elvis delvis
says fuck that name he's clearly not
using his lizard brain
oh wait totally not Bruce Wayne says
rich rich rich rich rich here's a quote
from the exact same guy here
I've just finished watching Godzilla 98
version and I have the spelt wrong it's
just felt IV because that new version
sucked I'm so glad I was part of the non
boring pure entertainment the 90s gave
us what I don't know I learned a person
this person is amazing okay rich we're
at a store now okay what are you get oh
I am blessed no question no question no
question okay but a Vulcan that's your
call no it's big cumbersome weapon takes
a lot to us by chain laser yeah I know
you like that you choose yeah I do like
they can be they can be good later game
yeah once you once you could afford it
but that's a lot of a lot of weapon
slots that I am blast that only cost one
that's only one slot that's only one
power absolutely fires really fast okay
you know what I'm done with it I'll get
it
there's no second thing explosive
replicator oh and then you also got
scrap recovery arm too down there oh I
do great let's do that I am blast and
scrap recovery be my purchase of spats
you know what those are my purchases as
well and I don't think I need anything
else so now I have 90 to spend so I'm
gonna upgrade my teleporters no no I'm
not because I have to fight the the dam
the dam dams well you're gonna be out of
the sector sooner or later I have two
jumps and so I'd rather spend that money
on one more engine points at least oh
yeah for now yes I'd good if you can
afford 200 points get two I don't know
if I can afford two engine points
I cannot afford to engine points I can't
I can't afford to power two engine
points it's my problem well um but I
know I got one engine point I would buy
it anyway if we need to suck power from
something else we can do it cuz if you
just want to run you can power down your
weapons and just shove it all under the
engine you know what I can do I love it
I can upgrade my piloting to get Auto 50
percent of Asian I don't have enough for
another engine okay
okay I'm gonna upgrade my piloting
because I haven't upgraded to any of
that yet yeah okay Auto fifty percent of
Asian which I think is I mean I'm kind
of I'm kind of mad on that but okay oh
yeah I guess it just adds evasion
without a pilot but yeah whatever or I
could buy another bar I don't really
need another bar but I had no I'll just
wait I'm just gonna wait that's what I'm
gonna do all right I gotta fight these
fucks now
time to fight the fuck's all right so
we're just these guys don't only give us
a fuel and we don't really care about
fuel so we're just waiting for that FTL
to charge we're gonna hi I'm the
shield's first laser the weapons they
got a flak cannon oh they were
teleported to those fucks yeah you got
you got guys that can deal with that and
they're going there to deal with it
right now
all right how many jumps can you get
there in two bows like was I right about
that I'm just curious yeah yeah okay oh
they're fucking hard already I'm on FBL
yeah all right here's what what I would
do yeah heavy ion on either shields or
piloting and then the other ion on
either shields or piloting but well yeah
yeah then you can weapon the the weapons
you can you can blast the weapons room
with the regular laser what just do what
you're doing don't worry about okay okay
your ion blast doesn't look like it's
powered though oh you didn't buy them oh
you don't have them you know I know I
can't get a weapons upgrade all right
all right that's gonna be the next
priority yes yes it will be if I had if
I had two ions right now I'd be in good
but it here I can jump right now jump
good exit I have to fight him one more
time what we're doing all right all
right come on we're doing all right here
we go
I could just double eye on him know
somebody somebody's saying don't do
heavy ions you know what I did a run
last night where I had three heavy ions
and it was fucking great
yeah but heavy ions do two ion damage
normally with the regular ions by the
time by the time it's charged up for
another shot
they're already repairing from that ion
damage and so you can barely get through
the shield with those the ion heavy ions
due to ion damage and that keeps her
shields down longer I totally like the
heavy ions now they've they've won me
over after that game I had like last
night of a night before okay great
what's your damage looking like after
that not bad not too bad okay yeah yeah
that's fine that was worth the trip for
the goodies oh absolutely absolutely a
civilian sector or rock controlled if I
go rock controlled it's already from
here on out if you go rock control it's
gonna be harder to board ships that's
true all right civilians like there it
is
getting out of here I got I have people
and ship parts to repair everybody's
hurt everybody's hurt the for the for
the chant for for mast on thruster
they're asking about space cop
if filming is actually almost done
there's still gonna be a lot of post
work I'm giving you that warning but
we're actually almost done with the
filming it's almost in the can that's
great news JJ has already started
talking to me about all of the effects
shots yeah I know he started a very
rough edit with some you know a lot of
the stuff we do have character yeah
there's gonna be a ton of post
all right here we go
here we go rich we're going all right
you want this we're doing this all
research station orbits a nearby pulsar
it appears largely abandoned but you
detect power signatures flaring up as
soon as you're in scanning distance a
small combat ship launches from the
station pirates
easy pickings what do they have here
they have lasers Jayne lasers let's fuck
them up that's oh they have a med bay
but we can take that down my guys in
blind unfortunately why don't you put
somebody in the sensor room real quick
just to take a peek at what's going on
in there jack
take your mat us put them in the sensor
room
sensors yeah it's a it's a mandible
system and before you you know pre jump
in and get overwhelmed it might be nice
to yeah I don't know what you going up
against yeah just peek this is how you
are you're always so logical and you
figure stuff out before just running in
there and firing guns that's not how I
like to play here's the great news is
they're all three humans in here Oh easy
easy pickins easy so I'm probably going
to go
shields now I'll go into piloting and
we'll fight them in piloting here's my
plan they don't they have a med bay they
have a med bay but let's take that out
before you do anything
take that take off take off the med bay
and beam your guys into med bay so they
can't fix the fucking med bay while
you're fighting them oh my god alright
here we go
[Music]
but abandoned what did that just do Oh
oh shit this is fine this is fine
everything's gonna be fine just don't
beam them over before that med bays down
I can't I can't stress that enough times
but okay okay it's done it's down and
now I have both of my ions trained on
their weapons yeah and my heal beam is
charging took out my weapons okay the
lunar Oh No what happened I lost my
Mantis listen you're gonna see what
happened in a second it was bullshit
there's utter bullshit rich bullshit is
what happened somebody else ran in there
no no they hit me with a laser
while my shields were down because the
moon's fucking oh I could see it about
to happen right now
so they oh I hit my man oh yeah no and
now my teleporters down oh man
everything is fucked everything is so
fucked
oh wow yeah
yeah I'm not good no not good but you
know what it's fine I'm gonna take them
out right now there's only one human
left and I'm gonna take them out they
have the medbay fuck you
you're fucking medbay how about that
we're getting fucked yeah I'm getting
fucked a little bit
as I haven't killed now there medbay is
being an ion so they can't get me or
they can't heal
[Music]
okay we're fine now now work their bed
okay they're medbay is running though
well yeah it's running for yeah but now
I just got full weapons and just take
them out normally all right all right
what what happened everything's fine uh
everything's fine except for I lost my
fucking mansis what was his name
what was his name that was either John
kilo or or fearful sludge boy I'm not
sure what you mean by which you know
that was we lost ledge boy ah I bet I
bet sludge boy as he was back in the
shield room boy who gained a ton of
scrap yeah the loss that man is that's
yeah that's dead fucks your boarding
strategies what that does really does it
really does but
ah right
terrible fearful so sludge boy you stop
complaining I didn't forget you I just
didn't know which one Jack named fearful
sludge boy
so this bit you detect a rebel automated
ship nearby it does not engage and seems
to be patrolling around a long-range
sensor wait okay well why don't you beam
your rock man over oh no wait beam
directly onto the stage okay you got it
yet a teleport option great great once
on board your crew is able to access and
download the long-range scanners
activity your map has been upgraded so
their jerk alright let's upgrade my ship
one more weapon slam ooh I can give me
one more teleporter slot to
[Music]
okay so now I can have both ions and the
burst laser going I would forget about
the teleporter and - you can get another
mantis or Rockman all right I'd be
looking for a beam weapon or another
burst laser to complement your ion
weapons or another ion weapon oh that's
rich we can make some plans now
[Music]
great whoo-hoo sell missiles for scrap
we haven't been using any of our
missiles yep I can give it 15 missiles
and get 45 scrap
go for it I did it I did it
scrapping it up now we're gonna fight a
ship oh very close to a nearby Sun I
don't want to fight that chips off like
this ship thank you map thank you map a
small rebel ship oh you're gonna be so
fucked riches is there anything shitty
that you've watched lately that you can
complain about alien isolation oh god I
hate my hate yeah and if you're shown if
you showed up for the chat light weight
we already went over that oh god yeah
[Music]
if you want to hear us talk about alien
isolation and you showed up late well
there's your lesson of life maybe next
time use your crocodile brain that's
what turn down for what oh I know what
you just did hey rich
have you checked out wasteland 2 yet
well the yet implies that was gonna
check it out in the first place so I
have no I don't even know what that is
I know it's a game I know it's again I
know it's a game
[Laughter]
hi I'm going for the long haul in here
wrench okay there's a possibility that I
can take out their accident with the I
hands
all right now you can keep sir if you
can keep their weapons down
oh no they're charged in there I can't
okay all right that's fine I was I was
hoping we could have some fun here
that's fine
we're just gonna fuck about
all right is gonna fuck something that's
fine or we're not gonna fuck him up
Hey
oh no what I got now I hate that what
made you choose to do zelda 2 for a
prereq episode and and my thinking was
just we try to get variety i'm prereq
like we just did a big triple a release
we you know we did some was what do we
do right bro yeah we did that guacamelee
to take a 2d game before that know do
something retro next just just just
variety we had an upgrade to our door
subsystem in exchange for 12 scrap yeah
yeah that's worth with thank you yeah
that's the the real thing is we want to
we want to try to make sure we get it
the biggest variety of games and so yeah
we did that we did two indie titles in a
row and that you know we know not
everyone likes games so it's like you
know so but then we did the big alien
games and now we want to go back to a
retro one and then well you know we just
try to mix it up and when we were
thinking about like what retro game we
would want to do again we weren't
looking for another you know yes this
isn't gonna we're not planning a hatchet
job on zelda 2 rad it was just it was
one of those games where it's like oh i
remember it being really bad i wonder if
it is really bad or if that was just
because I was so used to zelda 1 you
know yeah i mean i remembered it being
less bad more just odd and so just that
you know maybe it'll be interesting to
revisit this and see what we get out of
it yeah I think that'll be the case I
think it's just gonna be one of those
that
that is it's it's Franken to be a very
unique beast rich how much that huge
cheeseburger do you have to eat during
the Django review the Django de django
django django right the D is silent yeah
okay um not that much uh I was like
there's like a bucket on the floor next
to me that was in use so that is not as
much as you'd think
good good yes I am error
I am error I'm looking forward to
playing zelda ii i it's cuz like i said
i remember i remember hating it as a
younger kid and so i just one day i
wonder if it really is bad see my i wish
we had a an angle ahead of time a thesis
of some sort coming in ahead of time
better thesis then is it that bad yeah
yeah there's what if we what if we what
if we play it and we don't get anything
useful out of it i guess we could just
change what we're doing if nothing
productive comes out of playing that
game worth like it's a fine game or it i
mean if it is as bad as everyone
remembers that's fine
right because then it's like yes this
deserves to be forgotten
mhm if it's a good game then that's an
interesting thesis as like oh no this
was just like lost under the shuffle of
zelda one but it's still fine game the
only thing is if it's mediocre then no i
don't i don't yeah well we're living
dangerously we're we're living
dangerously
that is true defend the outpost jack of
course I'm defending the outpost
like I wouldn't defend the outdoors
first I gotta I have to suffocate this
man who decided to board my ship like
the punk that he is the doors and rock
man come in and kill it now
waffle tell I could I could explain that
joke but out of context everybody else
would just be confused so he said I'll
link to something Mass Effect related it
was it was good before the third one put
a pall over the whole series I mean for
for a two-year period my favorite game
it was Mass Effect and it occupied my
favorite game ever slot brief period
them minute minute minute I played
through three I I couldn't go back I
tried playing Mass Effect one month or
two after I played Mass Effect 3 that's
just depressing it is just
Irish check your map here we have an
interesting situation
I have 212 scrap yep three stores three
stores amongst me and possible ship
detective
do me a favor let me see your your
engine upgrade screen what do you how
are you doing it upgrades in one huh no
I mean not a ton you know obviously I
could use it more engine pretty well you
get you can probably use another decent
weapon so I might want to see what the
stores have sure I'm with you I'm with
you but I have to choose one of these
stores not to go do well go to the first
one and see what you find there yeah if
you find a bunch of great shit you might
not need to bother with the other stores
all right that sounds fair Auto mutation
is asking if I'm looking forward to Mass
Effect 4 Jack here's you enter here
minding my official stance on Mass
Effect 4 if you send me a physical copy
of the game once it comes out I will
destroy it on camera I might decide to
use a paper shredder I might decide to
use a sledgehammer but I will destroy it
on camera any any copies of Mass Effect
4 obviously though it has to be a
physical copy because I cannot destroy a
digital one right if I could I would
right right that's funny I'm ok so I
guess you guys know what you have to do
Bridge boarding strategy is back on
what's on the other page nothing
cloaking we could do cloaking drone
control and mind control which could be
fun and drones of course fun to rock
boarding party and one Rock with
increased fighting ability we could do
that and we could try mind control that
could be fun
don't don't discredit that the cloak you
know I've never found the cloak I've
never I've never liked the cloak you
know I don't discredit it it's just like
I've never met it it takes a little bit
of micromanaging like like if you got a
ship that's about to blast you with
missiles you you go to cloak right after
the missiles launch and they will miss
right right oh sure sure
I'm with you I could do cloaking and get
a crew member I'm yeah I'm reluctant to
blow more money on crew members yeah but
I don't I don't have a boarding party
right now I have one guy I'm almost
taking I almost want to just take that
strategy off the table and look for some
other weapon that will go with your two
ions and the blaster okay I'm just gonna
fix my ship a couple and we'll move on
that's the thing we can do to fix your
doors
hey I'm fuel oh I got whatever fuel I
can fix my ship like a couple a couple
pegs and we'll move on to the next door
yeah
okay okay okay okay
attacking the automated ship to get at
the storage cache a that won't do hey
that won't do shit you do that fearful
sludge boy says you should have
protected me jack
I'm sorry fearful of sludge boy I really
am you served this crew valiantly and
now it's time to move on with our lives
with your life well technically he can't
get on with his life Heber killed him
after life I really do apologize double
ions yeah I know I know
ions are the best there are they're
absolutely wonderful you get three
targets shields you target piloting and
you target weapons yeah yeah way to go
waffle tell your your death was
completely fucking out of my hands it
was it was just pure bad luck if for
everybody who doesn't know waffle tale
on my my one of my last FTL runs it was
my first cat my very first jump of the
game waffle pill died at the event
that's right he didn't last a single
jump it was it was bad luck
and I'm sorry you're dead there wasn't
much I could do about him that was
really funny tole gone says rich why do
you laugh so loud why would I not laugh
so long huh never thought about that
excellent Oh rich
we got flack baby you know what tear to
the eye and that's not the worst thing
we have flack and we got another burst
laser weight would burst what number
burst - you've got a here's what you've
got to burst lasers we choose right yeah
they have the exact same cooldown yeah
so you're you're ya know a dad burst -
flack sure we also have we also have
cloaking again mind control and hacking
first laser to upgrade your weapons
you're gonna you're gonna fuckin kill ya
and I can thing here in your way sure
and I'm gonna get I'm going to sell my
heal beam Sully he'll be he'll sell ya
what I what I kind of said yeah okay and
I'm going to buy the burst laser - yes
and then I'm going to go to my ship here
and we're gonna upgrade the weapons so
how many wait what do I need here when
you one two three four or five six seven
three four five so we need two more in
my ship and then we need two more here
and now we can power now we have two
ions and two bursts fully that's all
times that is good
that's better than good we can kill
everything all the time that's that's
like that's like a final weapons loadout
you've got walk in there yeah okay oh
I'm gonna go back to the store I'm gonna
prepare a little bit here okay great
and now let's go to yeah we're gonna
have to fight we're gonna have to fight
some some rebels unfortunately a but I
think we're prepared for that and good
old that old tech technicolor is now a
fully powered weapons guy nice nice door
which kind of sucks cuz I don't have
anything left to do now we're just gonna
see if there's anything great at this
store yeah I guess you have to there's
nothing else you can really do so there
was a Pike beam that doesn't do much
oh well okay that's fine like beam and
some people alright so now we have two
jumps to get to the exit and I have to
fight the rebels for two jumps let's see
how badly we can fuck them up two jumps
oh my sweet Jesus I can't see what
happened it was either really good or
really bad terrible things are happening
rich yeah what happily you know what not
that bad
the Haiti weapons or something okay no
no we're gonna we're in a nebula and so
we lost like half of our ship power and
so I just need to divert power from the
engines to get a shield back and I need
to make a decision
[Music]
you need to make a decision on what
weapons I want so I'm gonna choose the
ion blast and the to burst laser
and I'm gonna bless their shields
obviously
what are they gave for weapons they just
got the that's a halberd you want to
take out that halberd okay that does two
damage per room it hits oh yeah but it
can't get past my shields you're out of
the screen I'm looking at right now you
don't have other how many shields do you
have active right now only one he'll
burn does to damage it'll do one damage
it will get through okay well I just
destroyed I just destroyed it on my
first volley with my to burst laser
tubes okay okay so they will be
destroyed momentarily yeah it does
lesser damage but that gets through one
Micheel okay okay that's good to know
that's good to know tonight nice weapon
to have actually the halberd yeah ya
know therefore they're um they're
straight-up fucks is what's going on
right now
this is an amazing weapon set that we
have I know that I'm super psyched about
this is pretty much one of my favorite
loadouts in the game yeah the double
double burst laser tubes oh all right so
we're gonna jump and the thing we have
to remember when we jump is to get all
of our systems back online it's if
you're killing him you may as well get
that one fuel I took it
oh he's already dead doesn't see him I'm
late hold on hold on I gotta I gotta get
my ship fully powered again okay here we
go
and we'll do let's see here will do ion
blast on actually we'll just do both the
ions on shields and then both of the
weapons on weapons great and now we wait
oh he might get me with a missile
unfortunately I'll see no no I switched
you dumb fuck don't you love it when the
AI does that I don't I know I'm assuming
he turned off the missile to power up
the laser loaded and he turned it off
it's a power the laser oh fuck oh
alright got the fuel getting out of here
it's old time controlled or rebel
controlled so Tom's green rebel controls
red and adults on control I think I
think if you go to the Zoltan control
nothing you haven't come across any of
the home worlds yet have you no no it's
a shitty fucking luck jack those are
where the most of the ship unlocking
quests happen oh if you see a whole
world section yeah does it say home
world no those on control that then
doesn't doesn't really matter
I'd go with outgoing Zoltan for the sole
reason that I think you might be more
likely to find a Zoltan crew members
alright let's see there's on patrol
their borders but let you pass when you
ideas Federation let's hope they'll be
courteous or not or whatever
haha
I'm taking a glance at the chat they're
saying he hates consuls in general I
thought assuming assuming added to
somebody assuming they're talking about
me I joke about consoles vs PCs I I
prefer PC
I prefer mice and keyboard for shooters
I don't hate consoles though I really
don't hate I hate the n64 except for
starfox starfox 64 was good everything
else on that system looks like crap and
that controller is goofy rich yeah what
happened
you got a Zoltan remember see what'd I
tell you what'd I tell you you know what
you know what that means that means you
got more power it means we're back on oh
no not a Zoltan I got it it's a oh I got
a uh-oh man Josh I got a mantis okay
okay that means we're back on don't all
right if you go back from boarding yeah
don't forget to turn off auto targeting
oh you totally write a lot of wires off
all right I turned it off already
you keep it on and see you disable their
ship enough to go over and start fucking
them up a decent upgrade for you next
Jack might be sensors it's a good idea I
can do that now yeah okay hold on I need
to make a decision
I want to do here I think I can hit more
if I go down you know alright I'm gonna
go I'm gonna head down to the nebula oh
did we did we name the new guy oh my god
we didn't
what's codeword gonna be jack oh well we
can't worry about it yet you don't
figure they I'll figure that out after
okay you figure that Oh cuz I have
intruders on board I need to I I know
what it's going to be you know what it's
gonna be alright oh I'll say it when the
time comes okay
they have to fight the our new our new
Mantis needs to prove his worth by
fighting initiation beat up that guy if
you want in can you do it yeah he can
apparently
so when he's DEP we're gonna we're gonna
name that guy right okay ready and we're
healing him now okay okay
this mantis will be named after the
first person who says alien isolation
sucks my balls
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
nailed it rich nailed it let's see here
oh I see it already even flow even flow
and you did not oh if they altered it in
any way I I was not gonna have that it
had to be alien isolation sucks my balls
all right even flows gifted this might
be our very first and Nan pizza roll
crew member oh yeah okay okay you did
not specify that it had to be a pizza
roll I did not I should have but all
right let it go this once because they
said alien isolation sucks my balls and
that makes me happy
alright alright lag sucks my balls
well everyone had the same lag it's
broadcast out at the same time all right
all right we need some scrap
we need some motherfucking scrap
on the upgrade I want to upgrade my
teleporters
let's go into the nebula
all right what are your thoughts on
Evenflo the album what what I know it's
a question I was confused by it because
I've never heard of that so those are my
thoughts on it do you mean them do you
mean Pearl Jam Pearl Jam has a song
called the Evenflo yeah okay I don't
have strong views on Pearl Jam okay
yeah I remember listening to Pearl Jam
and enjoying that movie was a blackout
with something the best 14 or better to
hear you over that album that was a big
album nineties Jack I'm a musical idiot
I um I know I know I've heard many of
their songs but often I couldn't tell
you a song they've done okay I mean I'm
sure you'll tell me a song oh yeah I
don't know I guess Pearl Jam did that
okay
that'd be my reaction because for the
most part I'm just a musical idiot
mm-hmm what's what's making you what's
making you go whew
bigs grandpa oh okay nice nice you were
just able to upgrade our teleporters we
are now just so good to go I like like
being in these nebulas okay here you
jump into the middle of a plasma storm
multiple recently incapacitated chips
loom in the shadows briefly illuminated
by the lightning manually search the
wreckage for survivors and equipment or
risk
lenok let it go let it go you've got a
decent chance to lose a crew member flat
out and gain nothing all right yeah yeah
I have one more one more nebulous pot to
jump to intruders on board oh I don't
know how we're gonna deal with these
intruders
oh geez I need to deal with them fast
enough because we're losing oxygen in
the nebula apparently we have no hope no
I just turned off everything
everything's fine right don't worry
about anything fighter built at Lisa's
rich cares he really cares I think it's
because I saved somebody from the nebula
death yeah I wouldn't have I would have
left the all fuckers and power yeah okay
you just did it yeah oh yeah I saw that
too late like everything was on power
for some reason yeah yeah well because
you came out of the the ion storm nebula
right yeah that's it all right we gotta
fuck some bitches up here and we win
array for everyone okay okay all right
deck Quaid Don kilo get your shit
together cuz we're about to take this
sector by its balls it's gonna be great
I am super excited about the Federation
just fuckin up this sector you've got
you've got the essentials you've got
you've got the basics for beating the
mothership yeah yeah and you get you
some things like hacking and whatnot but
can I hit two stops before that store
that's the question
we're gonna play it by ear I don't
really need this store I could use
another crew member maybe you arrived in
a system and immediately discover a
pirate ship nearby strangely scans
indicate there are no life-forms aboard
you salvage everything at us weep yes a
ton of scrap and a system repair drone
thanks you good nice okay I'm everything
slag so what I'm looking at anyway oh
you were helping me figure out my route
yeah yeah yeah so I hit that I'm gonna
hit the one right next to it and then I
have yeah my choice of three after that
and I think I could hit two more and the
store that's my hope is I can hit two
more in the store mm-hmm well the
question is do I hit this one really
close to me or one further or two
further away how much scrap do you have
right now I only have 57 I got me you
needs you need scrap you know unless you
got a lot of you have a lot of stuff to
sell but a lot I'd I have two things to
sell I have two drones okay but well
here's the question right so know you
can see my map now is there's one I can
hit two in the store maybe so probably
do you want me to hit this one it's a
it's a horse of peace but I can hit the
one closer to me or I can hit ones
further away from me which one be my
lucky charm here closer or further the
one the one closed and the one further
if you got time to hit the store good if
you don't don't worry about it
you need you need general upgrades like
shields and engines ISM as much as you
need crap that you could find in a store
okay all right then I'm hitting the one
close because the heart the hard part
finding decent weaponry you've got that
sure you've got a teleporter so you can
get in there and take out the mother
ships missile launcher I mean it'd mean
it'd be nice to have some more just
equipment like an automated reloader or
something but yeah an automated
you-you-you need scrap and ship upgrades
to you only you only got four engines
steel still and only two shields so
you'll they'll be there'll be other
stores how's that that's good
you need scrap I'm gonna fuck some
people up here rich
you've got a you've got a you've got a
killing machine I have a killing machine
and there's only two people on board and
it's a human and it's a slug you're oh
god you're flying a fire cracker jack
yeah it doesn't have a cloning bay or
anything fucked up always it doesn't
have a med bay always check that shit
before you try and board cuz I as fuck
me a few times oh no I didn't know they
had a bed bed and see it look sure okay
and then you're fucked and we are
boarding this fucker
and Hamilton the heavy ion onto its
shield and this ion onto this so it
doesn't run away
hey and we are now boarding the fucker
up you're about to destroy some people
turn okay the auto yes I try auto fire
out something very important yes simple
things that get you sometimes chest ooh
oh that's not a good augment but
whatever the last pirate life signs
blink out we get 60 scrap and advanced
FTL navigation even flow the Mantis is
complaining about being on the boarding
party why you're a don't you're the hero
even if we even flow and John kilo you
will get to tell the stories of conquest
everyone else is just on the ship is are
you just mad because I might get you
killed
why I don't know I don't you know the
the Gunners and and the pilots probably
have some interesting stories now less
so the shield guy you know cuz he's the
shield but like in the pilots the caps
sure this year a poor poor Tetley
fortunately it's just like you guys they
keep I keep the ship save I found a
phone away to maximize impact output
resistance and they're just like up
deadly Jack intently Kermit the Frog
back when I was on my lily pad with sing
a little song
keep those shields are another store
Jesus Christ this is great we're doing
ray rich
that's you know Jack that's what you get
for her name and a guy who doesn't have
a pizza roll you know late they complain
because they're on the exciting boarding
party I'd soldier tells they were
dealing with a bunch of jerks if you
think you think Jack doesn't find Kermit
the Frog you need to hear mykes Kermit
the Frog here's here's here's my here's
my Micra Matt the Frog story it's a very
short one though Mike does like lick it
all Mike does that spot on Emperor right
it is he does a spot on Kermit really
like a fucking spot on Kermit III told
somebody once like oh you know does a
great Kermit Mike Mike doesn't great
Kermit Mike was there I said Mike do
your Kermit and that fucker deliberately
did a bad job yeah sure that jerk that's
by the way that's so Mike oh my god
that's so fucking Mike that's great
that's all I mean it's hilarious but
obviously there's just like come on
[Music]
oh shit oh shit oh no I might oh fucking
fuck
I wasn't paying attention and I almost
lost our mantis I almost lost even Oh
after we were just making fun what
happened what almost happened
I loved him I left him on the other ship
too long and he he follows people and
beat a bunch of people and I just left
him on that ship a little too long and
you you got to be careful about fighting
uh zoltan's now soul towns are vote I
always get it wrong sometimes right the
Z is also as all times are the glowy
guys yep they blow up when they die now
I don't think they did before the
advanced upgrade is that what's going on
yes I forgot about that they they they
now explode when they die
oh that's why I was wondering that's a
little help yeah because the X oh oh oh
now that their ship has been emptied of
hostiles you search it eventually you
find a prisoner who offers to join your
crew we got another crew member all
right what do we have what do we have
what is he good at and Gump oh oh he has
high repair skills that's really nice
but what species a human so okay yeah
he'll be a good repair monkey doe and I
can put him on the sensors or doors you
know just to okay
okay give us some answers
chat I have not seen Star Wars rebels so
I cannot comment on it sorry sorry sorry
no that's okay okay so here so so so
what's the role with this one has its
role spp its role okay happy throw
what's the code word you tell me I came
up with the last one you know what hello
Draco gets it because he just said
codeword okay okay we go you are in
charge of this run you can do what you
wish and I thought and I thought that
was funny hello Draco
with ac3 go I'm just gonna call you
drink over though Draco Draco has joined
the crew and put him on sensors now we
have super sensors we got a hundred and
fifty scrap to play with bad not them
another jump and a store coming up yeah
that's save it for the store but after
that engines or shields
well kabocha up your base ship Jack yeah
for the ease of boarding you also might
want to think about putting one in
sensors now if you didn't already okay
so now we have super sensors all right
let's see what we get over here what
appears to be a Zoltan science ship
requests permission to dock I will talk
with them you allow them to approach but
are caught unaware when they open fire
oh fuck you alright well that's fine you
know why I'm gonna destroy you I want
you to know that I'm going to cannot
find server says man you guys towing
what the rebel fleet is terrifying have
you have you seen our weapons loadout
cannot find server we've we've got we've
got a death machine on our hands
absolutely no if we have to hit the
rebels a couple times and that means we
get forward to head to for more outposts
yeah absolutely doing that and I have
not beat hard mode but I'm plenty
comfortable playing normal those that
was answering questions ok my burst
lasers are off and I send my crew over
remembering that they exploded ok
and yes I finally did get that copy of
XCOM pocalypse you said
actually literally just came in today
yep
yeah be careful I had full health and
they were so low on health so it's like
I wasn't too worried if we beat their
asses and now we have 200 scrap to play
with I'm gonna go to this store maybe or
maybe I'll just upgrade we'll see I'll
sue we want to do we're gonna get our
guys healed up first
yep you to you to even flow I haven't
lost you yet
what the fuck oh my god Oh
we read in Monday regiment regiment
ringneck thank you for subscribing what
the fuck
exactly that was you that time I'm I'm
gonna you know what Jack I'm gonna try
and three off at some point tonight ah
this is a pretty boring Oh people are
gonna hate me we have that cloaking
option again how much money do you have
I have two hundred scrap and cloaking
takes a hundred and fifty how many how
many how many wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait how many how many more
jumps until you get to them the end
Oh maybe two or three not many I mean
I'm gonna sorry not the that jumps I
mean how many more sectors how close you
to the end yeah oh that's what I that's
what I thought you meant like two or I
have two or three more sectors don't I
don't they don't want to do it alright I
don't think I want to do it I think I
could also get drone control I have two
Oh cuz like I have system repair drone
anti-personnel drone you pretty good on
firepower yeah what does what does that
page two there's a whole repair drone
yeah those aren't bad those aren't bad
at all you only have seven drones keep
that in mind that's true um no I think I
just like to fix up my ship a couple and
then spend this money like upgrading you
know maybe get my third level shields or
upgrading uh okay okay I'm just gonna
have spend like yeah one there normally
I have a hard time finding cloaks in the
field I usually play with a cloak when I
use the stealth Cruiser it's not a it's
not a bad system if you use a right bed
alright I am I'm okay with the concept
of boosting the engine or the shields
I need a hundred and then 30 so I can't
get my next level shield so I'm just
gonna boost my engine two spots and now
we have a 48 percent chance of evade
which is super hot that's super sexy
oh we're gonna have to fight the rebels
again oh darn we're gonna have to fight
the rebels think when they do good
tougher even if you have a good ship
they can get pretty tough I know I do I
do want I wish I hadn't shields now but
you know what I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
go back to this store and fix it wait
wait can you make another can you make
another regular jump yeah I can make I
think I can make two more oh no I can
only make one more regular jump oh no I
could I could do here and here yeah
double it up yeah and then and then I
get two so that's pretty nice I'm gonna
fix up my ship a little bit more yes to
make sure they're gonna fix off all
right great let's do this let's do ansel
mama always said buy that fuel by that
fuel yo
now we're jumping here we go one two one
the far bottom right yep our bottom okay
okay absolutely rich absolutely all
right here we go
oh no they're gonna teleport over Ridge
what are we gonna do you okay jack
are you okay yeah oh I don't know you
know you know what Jack what you're
gonna win an FTL that's that's quite
possible I am playing uneasy I would
like I don't mind everyone I know but
still winning is nice and I don't win
terribly off I I still like it
but your weapons are off no they're
coming up or the farmer okay okay
they're coming up whoa after one volley
of my weapons they already want to
surrender and already I'm ready to say
fuck them
what are they I'll just take a look
first of this good fuel no no not good
fuel or scrap okay okay yeah then no and
that may be earth your while they have a
fire on their ship and so I'm just gonna
let that fire play out I'm just gonna
you can be the next you know you can do
it we'll check beam the rock man into
the fire room don't be mirror don't be
in your mantis just being the fire guy
oh that's funny no I know the fire room
is in there med bay and so I'm gonna
wait for them to lose health putting out
the fire and then beam both of them okay
okay rich and Jack how many times have
you won this game and what is in quotes
for some reason Oh No did you lose
somebody what happened what happened
what do you I don't know did you fire
did you fire on a room your guys are in
what happened what happened I need more
feedback than that I can't see hold on
rich I just something happened I know I
need to watch this stream to see what
happened how did this happen
did you lose somebody I lost both of my
bloopers did you beat them over and then
you shot them I turned off auto fire you
didn't turn the weapons off oh my god oh
my I turned it I'm sorry I turned off I
watched it happen that I knew it was
happening the moment you beamed them
over
I object yeah you gotta be you gotta be
careful when you do boarding I gotta be
careful don't I turn I told you you know
what you know what messed and thrust has
to say about that crocodile brain I've
learned no life lesson rich who's we
lost we lost John kilo and we lost lost
even flow but no they weren't cleaner
anyway so you know we lost even flowing
we lost you didn't lose them jack you
murdered them I did murder them okay so
we're at assault on research facility
and they're researching genetic
disorders due to stasis leak check your
weapons good enough I'm not too worried
that sucks
yeah that it's resource you can you can
recover I can you can recover I
absolutely can't it just really sucks
it was I was there I was there I had I
had the super dupe and I lost it
I had the super-dee-duper lost it
oh I feel I feel terrible I'm so sorry
jack what well don't don't about stuff
you don't like do you know lessons of
life I talk about stuff you do like
twats twats that's my favorite part
Oh Jack I need I need to confiscate your
teleporter license yes you've got a
killer death ship from hell
all is not lost no no no it's all lost
for judge kilo and evenflo yeah I know
all is not lost in fact like it's pretty
good I have I have a really good chance
it's it's just it was so much better you
know like we had the super weapons the
super boarding party you know we had
everything rich it'll be fine
it will be I know it will be it's still
you know just things is what is what it
is it stings Oh frak oh gee I got that
flat yo
yeah a lot of water oh yeah
they've already lost their flat cannon
because of my crazy barrage of weapons
oh and their weapons room is on fire ray
so are you are you gonna put your gunner
up on charges for that no it was my
command I gave the commands up here
coming okay shouldn't they have you know
like refused or spoken up or something
you think you know I don't I don't think
they have the sensors if okay so they
can't see that they just they can see
the room they can't see what's in the
room so like our sensor man didn't react
in time but it's not his fault
I sent them over there I gave the order
to fire as the captain it's 100% my
responsibility Jack that's that's big of
you that's very big of you and you know
once once this whole rebel fleet thing
is over uh-huh you'll be put on trial
but you've done you've done well by
stepping up and taking the blame you
will be court-martialed oh yes I will be
the court marshaled and I will be
dishonorably discharged from the
Federation until that moment I will do
my duty okay
so rich yes ng controlled or Rock
controlled thinking thinking
Angi controls green rock is red we have
two more sectors before the final just
control none of them are homeworld
none of them are homeworld take the the
rock one means you have two choices to
pick from next time so I'd go whether to
that reason done good enough for me
captain and the captain Packard is a
crazy motherfucker it's true it's really
really true okay hold on we gotta we're
gonna repair some ship over here repair
some Hall
as I silently mourn for the passing of
John kilo and that other guy is that
what the placard and your ship is gonna
say the non pizza roll who get in there
that's John kilo has been with us for a
while I know I know even flow your
sacrifice has been noted that taints the
whole front Oh trigger EDX one says had
a slight weapons malfunction but
everything's fine now
thank you how are you how are you you
encounter a small craft with minimal
propulsion it's Rock crewmembers
explained that the rock homeworld is run
on lies and propaganda that keep the
populace in check and that they want no
part of it I have with a blue option and
always go with the blue option with
improved sensors I can show them to your
data suite so I do that and the rock
captain is impressed
