Episode 103
Cavern Kings - (Part 3) Hack & a Half
November 7, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udfyy821Hlg
___________________________________________

welcome back guys the stream in which I
forgot to turn back on the sound the
sound is back on rich I'll be back on
now yeah we're back okay so I don't know
what you're about to say but keep in
mind that we're screaming now No yeah
where's their third they're the target
about my fiancee the old feel sick oh
the old wall yeah oh oh I didn't know it
was that French it's extremely French
yeah relationship great I'm wondering if
there's anything ever even would have
seen her in III know you can hear her
voice
in the United States of no she may or
may not be visible in the making of
feature on the gorilla interrupted DVD
I'm not sure it after we watch that I'm
blowing up scenery while you talk
this is fun earth they're talking about
FTL and in the chat oh my god and I was
thinking yeah you know what FTL mades
what a ship attagirl
ooh make your own ship yeah yeah that
would be badass who do we call about
that I'm sure somebody's probably
working on a mod if they if it doesn't
already exist sure if this if this
exists AAA ship editing mod for FTL
I I would love to see it that would be
super greater than ooh you could like
balance like you know how many resources
you get like you put it into weapons
make it like an ultra shield the ship
but you have almost no weapons what what
I would love to experiment with a ship
with low engines no shields but with a
super shield okay you know the Sultan
one the green one that you don't that
doesn't regenerate yeah
those those drone ships that actually
regenerate super shields and twin Vulcan
cannons just to complete a complete
fucking bulldog ship you know that's
that's that's tough but it doesn't have
the you know the regenerating shields
sure and doesn't dodge well and it's
just got those big fucking Vulcan
cannons that would be fun just to play
around Webb sure well I'm like it would
be really great like if there's a ship
editor where it's like like editable
statistics and then like you could call
like game genie mode where you could
just make the most over you could be the
mothership you know you made the most
overpowered shift eel needs that and it
needs an endless mode where you just
keep going after the boss oh sure just
for just for kicks or there's no boss
mm-hmm and you just keep going
but you know you could call that like
Twilight Zone mode or I'm trying to
think of a good Star Trek reference
five-year mission ooh
Oh called the five-year mission make it
all unexplored space now you're talking
you already had this idea figured out
you already had like the name of it
before I mentioned anything to you
because that you know what that was just
too good and too fast no offense to you
but I just want to see what happens if
you clear the level yes I've heard of
the infinite space mod I just I've been
looking into this recently very recently
I haven't I haven't played around with
that yet I haven't played around with
mods and FTL at all and I think I
finally unlocked all the different ships
and all the different ship layouts so
now I'll probably start messing around
with FTL mods sure you're back on an FTL
kick recently yeah cuz you know you know
why why because after alien isolation I
wanted to play something fun yes that's
the honest-to-god honest true reason why
I've been playing FTL a lot lately play
something I enjoy something that almost
I would like to play something that
feels like a game that would be that
would be super nice okay you know what
we never have to play it again this is
why we're real winners oh should we tell
them should we tell them about our our
our no deathrun spin-off if you want to
we talked about that before we actually
did but we didn't we didn't talk about
it oh no no no no I'm what I mean what
we talked about last week with Jane oh
yeah you could tell about that yeah and
here's a note yes Ron no no it's not a
no deathrun
we're gonna start cuz you know we did
the the guacamelee know death
with rich which was really enjoyable and
really fun and I've you know he didn't
make it but I thought it was a really
fun time Jay has expressed an interest
in playing alien isolation because he is
the biggest alien fan there is yeah and
so he wanted to play it but you know
rich and I said well we're not going to
play it we're not gonna you know if you
get bored with the game we're not gonna
pick it up after you're done and so
we're gonna do a no board run stream it
will be the all jano board run which
means Jay will play the game rich and I
will not tell him anything we won't like
you know help him or give him spoilers
and as soon as Jay gets bored the entire
stream is done no games entire stream
yes it could be a very short stream it
could be a very short stream or it could
be the longest stream in in prereq
history but the no board run just to say
so long Jay can handle the game we place
bets before and oh oh I think we have
that's the link Jay about it doesn't
matter I want to be this guy anyway but
I'm like of it my money says 30 minutes
you think he can make it 30 minutes
he'll give 30 minutes we have to define
board I guess board when he wants to
quit when he's just sick of it yeah
that's that's born on it whatever Jay
wants to be done playing we're done with
the stream I don't know like when
possibly 40 I'll go I'll go 40 how when
do you meet when I'm trying to think of
the moment the moment it started to go
really downhill for me is like right
after you meet you meet the first guy
who kind of is your tutorial level right
like the guy who wants to kill you but
then decides not to because reasons
right after that segments right after
the tutorial level I was done I was done
speed or that's that's at least when I
knew like when I knew what the game was
going to be from here on out so I give
him till that I don't know when when you
when do you think that was about that
was about four hours in right no I mean
I'm like okay you're exaggerating for
comedic purposes yeah yeah okay that's
that's fair and that's fair for a moment
there I thought you're being serious and
I was rather confused four hours that
doesn't seem right at all I know but you
know what here's the thing it could have
been it could have been four hours for
all I know cuz it felt like a fucking
ever alright nothing about that fucking
game yeah yeah we're talking about FTL
wasn't discussions about modding your
own ships and then we got back on that
thing the thing who will not be named
okay that's fair that's fair yeah I
don't know you know I know mods are a
big deal in the PC gaming world in
general I try to stay away from him just
because you know like the game
there are two thoughts right like one is
the game should be what the developers
wanted to make and two is the crowd
sourcing initiative where it's like well
what if people can make it better
that's what a mod is that is what is
right I don't care about the designers
visions I wanna I want to fuck around
with the files in a game I bought then
I'm gonna fuck around with the files in
a game I bought sure all right that's
fine that's fine rich Evans doesn't care
about your damn dream he doesn't care
about you
your concept it's not like I won't play
the vanilla version sure once you play
too you know especially once you've
played through a game once why you know
why not add a mod spice it up a bit
fine blow it out your ass jack oh oh no
no I'm not saying I don't like mods
because the developers lose the game
fuck you oh you know what no I wasn't
even saying that I was giving other
people's opinions I was saying that
that's why I generally don't do them all
so I'm just not that into games that
have that many mods I guess remember I'm
a console guy you know we can't mod on
consoles yeah people arrest me keep
asking me about the long war mod for
x-com long war mod long war mod yeah
yeah well what about those I for one am
I actually am perfectly happy with the
vanilla XCOM I'm fine with vanilla sure
well some people have said the only way
you can play the groomsmen's well boring
that's fine I love vanilla XCOM right oh
I'm sorry
but you're wrong I haven't tried the one
I'm gonna played around with Mata
getting myself I've altered little
things here and there right there was
something I forgot what do I even was
and I was reading about the long war mod
there was something exchange and I'm
like yeah I don't really like that too
much
I don't remember what opposed oh sure
well then that's it this is a great
story then
it just wants people to stop asking me
about it it's not it's not a great story
it's a people don't shut up long war mod
sure that's what it's like I'm just
gonna address it and maybe a little stop
saying it every five seconds I mean you
know that's not true
oh oh I heard of what the fuckin rich I
heard it what the fuck
J Bowman's beard thank you I don't
believe that's the real shave almonds
beard at all how much beer doesn't know
how to type
why what are you doing his beard yeah it
just sits on his face that's a I know
you're talking about the users once
again horribly confused Oh
oh my god I died already I tried a new
tactic that run I just dead pressed the
trigger button mm-hmm I didn't it didn't
help okay it's almost as if they want
you to have whatever people are also
asking me about impossible difficulty on
XCOM and the truth is I haven't messed
around with it that much
I have a classic difficulty feels right
to me
sure sorry typically play on classic cuz
it's what I enjoy have you ever played
in public
I'd be tried very much it's right at
once
sure but if said I'm not playing the
game to increase the size of my penis
it's it's you're sorry
have fun I'm sorry you're what it's not
a it's not an X come difficult
unemployed on hardcore difficulty
because I'm a XCOM badass just like
playing XCOM you
first of all steam that's the thing okay
we think we have a new subscriber so if
you could find out who that is and thank
them oh look at what run for it I don't
see it I heard it what the fuck it's
quite a kick Carol Khun ka e ru ki ng
I'm gonna say Karrueche kuru king who
King thank you for subscribing a
secondly epëus this is a real thing
which Evans what - EE Pina like just
bragging rights for a game I've achieved
myths that kind of thing I have never
heard this before I've heard that for ID
I'm not denying that you heard it before
I think you've heard it before cuz you
said it when you made it up oh I don't
like that alright alright I'm gonna
believe you only because I have no other
option
ah these items disappear so damn fast
why does Jack some fed up Wow do you
sound fed up fed up with what don't know
um
oh I I guess just cuz that's how I was
sounding right there I don't know no no
I I'm concentrating on the game so you
might just be hearing me concentrate
which you yeah might be new for some of
you because I don't think very often so
that could be it that's what I'm gonna
guess
but no I'm not fed up not fed up with
anything
I like everything all the time except
for alien isolation
oh no that's why I'm fed up we're
talking about alien isolation oh now
we're talking about it again yeah I know
I can't help it Oh can't help it
the thing it's a thing like every day I
have to breed and moderate those damn
YouTube comments telling us how we
played it wrong
this is just part of my life now and
because it's part of mine it's gonna be
part of yours that's that works well
ones that get me are the ones that
basically say that we shouldn't have
reviewed it because we don't like it
yeah it's like you're missing point of
real you play it and then then you
determine what you thought about it
right right and as long as you assess it
fairly you can hate a game I I think so
don't play games you're not gonna like
why even bother with the review I would
just love everything is we're supposed
to we have to we don't like it we're not
supposed to play it so we're not
everything yeah we only recruit review
games we love welcome to the FTL show
you were right to spend $60 on that we
should have a review show we should
change prereq and it'll just be that but
well validate your $60 purchase with a
stone and it only begins and the final
verdict in every game we'll play will be
you were right to spend $60 on
yeah yeah that that sort of thing or the
or the we are predetermined to not like
it it's like no we enjoy all sorts of
games who knows what we're gonna be like
who knows what we're going to like if we
if we here's the thing though even if we
typically don't like horror games I
typically don't even though I did give
alien a fair shot and I like alien ups
curious about the game but that's still
a fair thing not to like horror games
right absolutely absolutely and it's
it's our goddamn show and so people will
learn what our tastes are and will
listen to you know that's how critics
work is you try to find the critic who
represents your case or just elevates
the conversation and I hope we did that
that's the the real hope is that we
showed the things that bothered us and
so if you are a fan of alien or a hug
horror games you can look at it from a
different perspective
isn't that is that a weird thing like
let's say we actually liked alien yeah
if you're also you know kind of person
watching the show who doesn't like
horror games maybe maybe then you'd
actually consider buying alien if you
hadn't cuz people who don't like horror
games liked it well maybe I'll give it a
shot - sure sure you know I mean no just
review things you like and give them
good reviews yep don't you know lessons
of life don't you know lessons of life
and I gotta get out of here this isn't
doing me any good okay beef Roquemore
says rich Evans name my puppy named your
puppy do G D energy yeah let's do G GI o
gg ee
do G your dog is named do G do you get
it oh my god I do now I didn't birth
yeah I have now named your puppy vog do
g di spell it again spot however you
want D or D ie whatever but just spell
that out d dot ODG and just spell it out
that di or AG g ee or something like
that
and his name is do g do g that's I mean
that's borderline brilliant rich I've
seen that somewhere once somebody I've
seen a dog so I can't I can't take
credit for inventing that sure okay I
thought it was the cutest thing so I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you magic
cube
damaged nice feeling this run feeling it
okay feeling it until not anymore
uh-huh need some talk about dead air
dead are bad they're bad that are bad
need talking Wow not like that I hope I
would prefer if you if you did it in
complete sentences I mean let's just
meet out you do what you do what you do
how about that thing you like how about
that
it's Nick break that thing you like well
you know what I don't want to I don't
want to harp on the alien thing too much
longer I'm done with it completely okay
the only the only the other thing I want
to mention comment wise is there have
been some more some more why don't you
guys ever talk about things you like
comments on it mmm-hmm
to which an appropriate response would
be did you watch the episode of right
before this one where we talked about
the thing that we really like really
they only see what they want to see yeah
I mean we've liked about half the games
we've played right I think so what we
like we like risk of rain didn't care
much for the banner saga how do I do
this I don't how do i how did I do that
fuck I I don't know I'm gonna like a
minute behind so no I had to I was on a
special level where I had to put a key
in a lock but I didn't know how to drop
I had the key in my hand and I was
touching the lock if my parakeet on the
lock and I didn't know how to drop it
Damon that you died I died and that was
some oh you die and then the key fell on
it after you've died yeah then yeah that
sucks and that's that's because
apparently
I'm not I didn't know I didn't know how
to drop it oh look that I don't much
care for once this game can get some
proper controller support I will like it
a lot more rich why are you so anti DRM
I know you play an Origin suck and some
steam stuff stinks but steam is so
convenient
yes steam is very convenient but you
don't own any of the games you bought on
steam valve owns them and if for some
reason valve wants to take away your
access to those games they can do that
like I've brought this up in another
stream but just just imagine someday
that that Gabe has passed away and and
and EA Games has has bought steam oh my
god yes yeah but does that sound fun to
you is that some good do you think good
things would come happen they'd find
some reason to make you rebuy all your
old shit by the way that's a horrible
that is a thing to say but it's it's
entirely possible and you do have to
plan you have to plan for that if you're
smart and you really like game gog.com
I'm gonna mention them again I've
mentioned them before they sell mostly
mostly old classics but I think every
now and then they get a new game you buy
a game on they're completely drm free
you can download the the file for the
game back it up and a hard drive or
whatever and it's just yours install it
at will the internet goes down pull it
off you're your backup drive and install
it I want to say Humble Bundle does the
same thing yeah usually offers DRM free
dr i don't know i don't know if they
always do but yeah
valve has already declined multiple
offers from ei well I'm sure that'll be
true from here to the rest of infinity
and nothing nothing could ever possibly
change right like I'm sure George Lucas
would never sell Star Wars that would
never happen oh my god right
that's a beautiful analogy that's a
beautiful analogy I'm sure George Lucas
but never so maybe valve doesn't even
soul steam maybe maybe someday there's
new management at valve and they're
greedy or more horrible management huh
these things could happen and you don't
have any control over whether or not it
happens and you don't have any control
over the game you bought that's true
because it's basically DRM it's on Steam
they own it you're leasing the game when
you buy a game on Steam that's true or
origin or you play or whatever the
services but basically you're not owning
that you're leasing it right and the
deal is you get the convenient you get
the community you get the convenient to
get that all the all the extra stuff
like the trading cards and the
achievements and all that fun stuff all
that shit that means nothing to me right
right right
no I'm like you know Gabe is a is a
well-known gamer he's and made a bunch
of money when he worked at Microsoft and
just wanted to make the best gaming
platform he could I believe that bud
yeah I've never I've never thought about
him not owning Steam you can have a
heart attack tomorrow you don't know I
mean that's true and it's it's the time
with this what I'm saying is the things
you're saying are horrifying and true
and I kind of want to cry I mean I'm not
gonna I'm not good I'm not gonna cry but
I'm thinking about it
oh right this is why we need your rich
you you teach us the lessons of life
those lessons include Oh own your own
shit
I do not like ice levels getting out of
there getting out of that ice level tote
sweet which evidence has a yellow
Lantern ring I my lord I think think
he's called you a bad guy rich well no
that's the fear fear is the yellow ring
oh is it yeah I don't know fucking green
lanten I thought this yellow was the
opposite of green and so like Vic Green
Lantern rings don't work on yellow items
well recently they've added all
different sorts of color drinks oh is
that a new thing yeah well I'd last few
years a red ring for anger and whatnot
yellow is fear oh they're saying I'm a
master of fear okay that's fair I don't
think that absolutely that's exactly
what everyone says
ah oh just you're gonna see this in a
second okay I was jumping for the health
pack and you hit the spikes and I hit I
hit the spike monster okay I'm jumping
for the health pack well that sucks
that's yeah one more one more
I'm gonna do one more and then we'll
move on to something else
this is it the definitive run right here
the definitive not gonna forget to make
cavern Kings I forgot the name of the
game for a second the affinity of cavern
Kings run super elite speedrun MLG pro
all the terms that people throw around
all the time now are you gonna keep
playing until you beat the game tonight
I don't know I mean I'm enjoying it I
mean you can you can do that if you want
I'm under no obligation to stick around
no no you're just you're just here no I
I think I'm gonna move after this run
I'm gonna do one more run here and then
after this run I'm gonna play something
else I don't know why yet I said I said
risk of rain I don't know if there if
it's too similar if it's a weird that
I'm playing two games that are like very
very much alike fun I also don't care so
sure your stream later what you want
pretty that's pretty much how I'm
feeling but somebody said sorry good
finish thought I'm like oh no I was just
kind of trailing off so somebody said
rich Evans life is like a roguelike
isn't life the ultimate roguelike yes
yes yeah yeah you know there are no
extra lives just go until you die yeah
and starts off easy and it gets
progressively harder
you try and acquire new items to make
life easier like jobs and whatnot yeah
but eventually you know you die in the
egg that's it life is the ultimate
roguelike yes and that you know sad
depressing
sure
I wish I had more to add but I'm
concentrating yes fine that's bad I just
want I don't I don't want to I don't
want people to think like Jack's not
comfortable talking about dad
that's bullshit no I'm really talk about
dead that's fine I'm just concentrating
I don't have anything else to go with
that thought anyway great great that's
great then now they're sending of a
black lantern wow we got some Green
Lantern fans here yeah who'd a thunk I
guess somebody reads them
it was risk of rain update this week
apparently oh what a nice dream Oh oven
uh it runs way better no major new
engine update FPS is a solid 64 ever for
most people now I'm gonna have to I'm
gonna have to give this a shot yeah we
can do that we can that we can see if we
gonna hop on a server together and do
multiplayer yeah we can try come on rich
you rich you grump as' we can do it I
said I'll try Jack what more do you want
out of me I don't I know just I've heard
it I can't force myself to have a super
positive attitude I've heard people in
the comments call you a grump as' and I
wanted to call you rumpus I am a realist
yeah not exactly what a grump is would
say I am a realist son
anything you say good rum if you prepare
for the worst you can't be disappointed
oh that's really funny of course you can
there's a rich if there's one thing life
has taught me is there's always room for
more disappointment this is this is why
I firmly believe that EA Games is going
to vies steam tomorrow that's really
that's really funny I would like to
think much like another product whose
design philosophy and ecosystem I love
Apple and I would like to think that you
know like after Steve Jobs died it was
in capable hands with Tim Cook we are
finding out as Anna's depend on who
would have thunk right after after you
know like the visionary is gone do they
put the right people in charge you know
that's this is a really good thought I'm
not liking the direction that Apple is
heading future it could be really this
I'm saying I'm agreeing with you and
it's and I'm trying not to let my
emotions show during the livestream that
I'm a little freaked out right now
he button Oh
was it worth it
you lose a trail fire yes worth it I
have to do it stupid thing where no aah
aah wasted oh my god damn health
pressing the goddamn e button that's on
the other side of my mic stand
shut up rich let me keep taking the blue
pill no I'm like for me to to put a nice
little bow on the DRM and steam talk I I
don't like physical media I don't like
having that around I think we've talked
about this before I'm I'm kind of a pack
rat and a sloppy person so not having
shelves except for books I really like
books but you know not having shelves
full of DVDs or her CDs that kind of
stuff I really enjoy so high to me it's
worth it leasing the game to have steams
ecosystem is worth it
what about one one external hard drive
that just has a bunch of shit backed up
on it and you know maybe maybe that's
the thing I like I said though I like
the ecosystem I like I like the
achievements I like I like the little
chat I like the chats I like the groups
I like all that stuff so for me the
ecosystem is worth it achievements
replaced actual content in games no
they're bowing yes no no no for doing
shit in games used to get rewarded with
like unlockable costumes or unlockable
items now you get this little shitty
thing that just pops up and goes away
achievements have replaced content in
games and I hate them bad achievements
have replaced content in bad games I
think in good games achievements are
little extra frosting on your cake and
in games like roguelikes like these like
in risk of rain achievements equal
unlockable items you know when when you
do something in risk of rain you get an
achievement that equals either a new
playable character or a new weapon that
randomly pops up so so what you're
saying is indicative of bad games and I
know we've just had this conversation
about the dark dystopian future games
but here even just after a couple days
of playing good games instead of the bad
triple-a game I'm back I'm back thinking
happy thoughts about video games Jack
maybe maybe I am a grumpus maybe maybe
that's an accurate statement but I like
that I like that about you hook up my
gamepad thing okay oh I got some cards
oh I got some cards I got some trading
cards for playing that well that's
that's a wonderful story Jack that's
pretty dope cards I can now get a cavern
kings badge oh I'm definitely going for
that definitely going for that cavern
Kings badge
all right oh I get I know you guys are
seeing some really exciting stuff on
screen right now hold on let me get risk
