Episode 104
5 Spooky Nights At Freddy's
November 8, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcJ5l3dl1Bo
___________________________________________

oh hello everybody and that was it the
stream is over they keep showed up for
our super simply enjoyed that her super
spooky scary spooktacular halloween
stream that was um that was a binary
Ward are wonderful moderator octo Jay
asked me to play that song and I said
okay and it was really good because I
forgot to download spooky games and so I
was waiting to download
let's book a game and that bought me
some time so I appreciate that um and
now we are gonna get started playing our
first game which I hope ever I mean I
hope it will shut everybody up I don't
think it's too much of a spoiler because
I already put it in the description but
uh we are gonna play five nights at
Freddy's 4 into five five five nights
and Freddy got fingered fried five
Freddy's which that's that's rific
really yes but wait it was so close to
FTL on the steam list oh I guess I don't
face well let your finger slip it's like
right you're in your slip oh you didn't
know I didn't let it slip oh I apologize
I pull my god hey everybody older
computers freaking out a little bit of
course
okay we are getting five nights at
freddys all set up for us what's the
plan here the plan is to play the game
who's playing the game I don't know you
want to play it I don't want to land I
don't want to played either yeah I
actually want to read the chip all right
okay hold on I guess I'm the one who's
fated to play you have to play it yeah
yeah yeah you have to play it because of
your picture of me from 31 years ago yes
yes
that is exactly true oh here it is oh
look how spooky that is that is so
spooky rich you know this reminds me of
that was actually kind of an unsettling
game if not outright spooky yeah manhunt
man oh that cheap video theme do it ooh
oh and also philosophy man thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it but
so oh my god and also super meta gosu
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
it
I might turn these off for the super
spooky games yeah go ahead
I'm okay so I'm gonna turn off the sub
alerts for the super spooky games hold
on cuz you know everybody's going to be
paying attention to the game so that's
the most important thing well you know
just to make sure that it's the
spookiness is preserved alright okay
rich alright take the headphones don't
start yet cuz I need to do a quick audio
check while we're streaming
one of the controls of this thing work
this is not this is mouse only or do I
need to I don't know what's going on is
there a little control thing Oh No
okay five minutes afraid so for anyone
who doesn't know apparently rich has a
history with Showbiz Pizza and this
looks a lot like the showbiz pizza which
is why people wanted us to do it oh my
god I'm so scared
family pizza looking for a security
guard
yada-yada headphones are on I have a
mouse in my hand I don't know if I need
a keyboard okay everything sounds fine I
did turn off the sub alerts
oh so skeletonbill skeletonbill thank
you for subscribing we turned off the
sub alerts just so rich could be scared
what am I supposed to do was there it
wasn't there a cutscene I told you what
to do
wait wasn't message right now okay rich
is the second message we out we are
playing in a very dark and spooky room
rich has headphones on we uh this game
is sucks is so what's up one set that's
just
this kind of reminds me of that cd-i
game with the showering sorority girls I
don't know if I remember that one I
didn't play my CD I'm on the subtler
could spook rich you're right I did
update the stream title ooh spooky oh
did we get that did you April I love you
did you send us banana bread beer hold
on let me check the refrigerator because
if you did I might want to drink some
like right now these characters hold a
special place
so just get where the characters do
can't took wander a bit they're left in
some kind of free roaming mode in fact
something about their servos locking up
they get turned off / - are these the
auto Walker everyday - then there was
the bite of 87 yeah it's amazing with
the human body can live without the
frontal lobe you know now concerning
your safety the only real risk to you as
a night watchman here if any is the fact
that these characters if I happen to see
you after hours probably won't recognize
you as a person most likely see you as a
metal endoskeleton without its costume
on now since that's against the rules
here at Freddy fazbear's pizza they'll
probably try to forcefully stuff you
inside a Freddy fazbear suit now that
wouldn't be so bad if the suits
themselves weren't filled with
crossbeams wires and animatronic devices
especially around the facial area so you
can imagine why having your head
forcefully pressed inside one of those
big complicated
like Makino light again will eat your
eyeball
I'm sorry retailer few so far I'm not
doing anything but looking at cameras
were you super spooked no okay April I
love you I checked I checked the beer
refrigerator and there was no banana
bread beer I think J drank it because
he's a huge asshole I may have missed
something important like when I took my
heads off for Sarah to talk to you
briefly oh my god I'm sorry I don't know
what I'm doing other than looking at
cameras that appears to be yet the
suspense is boring me the suspense is
boring me okay
so what are you supposed to do I don't I
don't know okay you're right the Marcia
the Martha Washington this is exactly as
exciting as being a night watchman so
you're supposed to look at the animals
okay and then what happens um nothing so
far
that's all became is oh god John key oh
no really
I mean I can only assume at one point
you have to do something right I this
footage is very spooky do you think this
you think this is spooky this part is
scary
sure it's there it's creepy imagery it's
definitely creepy imagery button I'm
just looking at cameras what is the what
is the story I'm a night watchman and
the characters might move around at
night and and if they see me they might
try and stuff me in an animal suit
that's filled with robotic so it'll
probably kill me sure
all right guess that means they're
moving oh oh they're moving okay how are
they moving oh okay Oh bed that's really
creepy but then again I think any duck
with teeth would be if a duck is had
teeth if a duck had teeth that would be
creepy as shit you imagine if you were a
duck in your teeth and you had to go to
the dentist
wait so on first I have to imagine I'm a
duck okay I'm a dad all right so so what
should we talk about while I'm waiting
for the game to play itself
well what do you have to do
I had nothing but I mean what's the game
part of I so far the only thing I have
that I can do is I've got a door with a
light okay so you can close the door
that really takes power
I like human teeth not like duck teeth
humidity yeah hey mr. shy smile thanks
for subscribing we super appreciate it
um who do you hear spooky audio is that
cameras audio only well what do I know I
don't hear raining oh sure
are you super spooked out not
particularly okay they're telling me
Jack tell rich to stop using all of his
power so apparently you only have twenty
nine twenty-eight percent power left and
if you use all your power you clicking
on cameras changes users power what game
are you playing five nights at Freddy's
the Shelby's pizza yeah hey Jay what did
you think of that banana bread B
it was delicious okay well thank you for
sending it whoever that was wherever
their screen name is April I love you
well why what do I do
well thank you April I look in this game
this job is pizza you said it's gonna
show this pizza bear-type
aaron i guess the the animatronic things
move and you open see there's one well
you don't see yet Mike but you will and
you have to stop them
is it spooky rich hey nothing yes he
would would you like to play no too
scared
I mean sure what happened mmm
apparently the one thing I can do switch
cameras I'm not supposed to because that
uses power so I think I'm literally
doing nothing that's it that's the whole
game is doing nothing
Oh who's gonna jump out at you that's
the whole game at some point nobody told
me that I look nice today yeah no shit
guys you look very nice
thank you you're wearing it I noticed
that you were dressed up I am I'm
wearing a dress you're wearing a jacket
that's a very nice dress Jesse thank you
let me plant my real shoe also you're
wearing a jacket yeah oh hey lord save
AK thank you for subscribing we're super
vegetated this is my outfit thank you
nice shoes hey Lois I can't tell you why
did they match the dress another part no
they're black I'd like to match my
jacket I literally did nothing I guess
to do a nurse which is a practical this
is what is on every floor go this you do
nothing is Sean Robb doing nothing haha
take out my coins
oh well I better not look at any of
these security cameras because that
might use power
so I'll just sit here okay well hey no
tab X thanks for subscribing we really
appreciate it so so nothing has like a
found footage movie but a video game or
it's just nothing ever happened
somebody's always talking I'm gonna save
maybe I could do something though okay
that's what it looks like yeah those
found footage movies suck you know games
seem really boring I know someone locked
in this room you guys are walking
through an empty ship looking for an
alien why that's a good question money
why don't you guys play that destiny
game I see commercials for all the time
something Kevin Spacey won it looks like
game with Kevin Spacey that's the Peter
Dinklage why what destiny I don't know
it's a game called destiny and I also
sing a game we had our first jump-scare
oh no I missed it we're scared I'm not
particularly I was startled oh okay that
that's all jump scares art I just get
really startled you what other game
reasoning um oh uh tainted energy drinks
turned everyone into zombies
oh we share sunset overdrive that's it
yeah that was like fun these games look
great other guys every game is just
looks like you guys are looking at a
blueprint of a house that's your club
bunch of nerds Hey Lay's 88 thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
welcome welcome to Mike making fun of
games I love games like dr. Mario yeah
yeah no that is dr. Mario happening
should that be next week we we talked
about it making it happen today but this
is how was Halloween time yeah so maybe
next week we're eating more scary boring
games some yeah
next week we'll counterbalance with
super fun happy games that's great
colorful bright that's a Tetris um dr.
Marc Petrus dr. Mario like maybe like
Yoshi's Island where you
card around Baby Mario fair now can you
play some solitaire Oh solitaire would
be a blast all the time watch happen oh
no for what did you guys do that on a
Sunday one more time we needed the
solitaire we puts out there many times
because out there is a great game so
there's aggregate I love solitaire yeah
that's so all both of you are both your
doors and your security cameras run on
batteries this seems like a terrible
idea
this seems like a terrible idea and why
would it take power to keep a door
closed if the door is closed wouldn't it
just take the power now as everybody
excited do you want to do what do you
still want to say FTL is boring because
I think FTL might be more exciting than
this yeah I think it's not it looks like
you're doing nothing basically so oh
wait there's a thing is that a thing
that's a thing like that what the
question is is what can you do I can
turn on the light I guess the light
scares them off from close the door
before they come in okay this is some
pulse-pounding excitement what is it
with you people in horror games right
these are terrible
I don't yeah I don't understand
okay you know what I had to do I had to
Google the definition of game okay
because it's just as a form of play or
sports especially a competitive one
played according to rules and decided by
skill strength or luck
so in this game
what sort of skill are you using to win
a power management um you're not doing
much sure sure sure but but you know I
suppose technically that's something
it's it's something you there is a game
I guess that's all I'm making sure this
definitely isn't a game it I think
technically this is a game
so now the doors go so you win I don't
know
now you can't open it though right way
because if you open it then I will see
you
bing-bong does he stay there nope here
is anything happened yet I turned a line
on those bear in the doorway so I just
closed the door it was pretty spooky
that sounds really spooky it was pretty
smooth that sounds so spooky hey hey
mustard diet must take that thanks for
subscribing I rode another one you guys
are all friction and a lowly battle
machine three two - welcome to the super
spooky scary Halloween spooktacular and
oh and Collins in the chat a Colin I
Callan
welcome welcome to the scariness Colin
are you super spooked the college said
the doorbell was scarier than the game
oh yeah that's the way it's just like
those found footage movies that's the
way it works it lulls you and bores you
so then when there's a lot of noise
you're startled yeah it's not taking
requires no oh no that was it
I'm done with this game already oh I'm
gone oh my god Jack do you want do you
want to take your turn with this
excitement we've been streaming for like
20 minutes yeah and half of that was the
song so it's like we can't check the
game out the street jet and/or chain I
don't want to play a stupid game I want
I'll give it a try alright I will give
it a try
Cole have no tolerance for cheap jump
scares any month
hold your unless we're doing it just to
fuck with people right doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
okay I'm gonna beat this game I had to
help do you beat the game yes survive
for five nights or something oh okay
hence the title and time I had to look
up the definition of game to see if this
counted it does I'm sure hold on
okay okay I can now they're a new game
Oh play don't shit your pants we've
talked about that game before right or
someone mentioned it to us before
is it a horror game I don't think so
okay it's just an endurance game we have
a couple more horror games to play this
is terrible this was terrible to look at
but I'm playing now so oh oh Sean of
noise in Halloween three are me to
assume the girl was a robot the whole
time or was she replaced at the silver
shamrock Factory I think she was
replaced at the factory because there's
no reason for a whole time although that
movie who knows it's insane and it
doesn't matter all right no no I hope
you're all happy we've done five nights
at freddy's it is now done
yeah whoopsie it is now a thing mission
accomplished
I played it see the great thing about
experiences like this the rich is now
done it you never have to do it again oh
yeah that's why I wanted to do it there
you go
oh my god you know what happens when you
hit escape in five nights at freddy it
just closes it closes the entire game I
was looking for the option to turn down
the volume a little bow hold the fuck on
god damnit stupid ass
is there not a yeah of course
of course it's not an option no options
no options an option doll for some not
just here no okay I got it I'll turn it
that you gotta have sound up for the
spooks for the spooky to do yeah it's
for the jump scare noise what are you
gonna do if you don't hear the jump
scare noise then it's just a then you
see alright hold on here we go I'm gonna
do this new game where's my mouse oh do
you see that face that's spooky
this is a genre now
Oh
I think last night we shouldn't wish you
to play dr. Mario the Stephen King
drinking game does anyone know what the
Stephen King drinking game is I have no
idea what that is
I'm assuming you drink when you watch
one of his movies and they mentioned
main what also would be appropriate for
a Stephen King drinking game
whatever the ending of the story is kind
of a letdown yeah that's good
alcoholic writer is an alcoholic writer
an order those stories whenever an
interesting premise is wasted whatever
yeah whatever they said a good setup
with though that window follow-through
Oh Stephen King although I've seen more
Stephen King movies and I've read
Stephen King books so I'm going mostly
off of the movie adaptations yeah I read
some of his books I kept trying to read
them because the premises are usually
and though it sounds interesting yeah
take a drink every time the story gets
bogged down with pointless side
characters and too much explanation of
minor details yeah I did want to rewatch
in this Halloween and I found that yeah
that movie spooked me when I was a kid
it were snap did the second half was
kind of a letdown
at least Charles Dickens was paid by the
word piss histories are like most like
that where he just goes on and on
something describing something and it's
because he got paid by the work I didn't
know that yeah really
is it possible that's the case with
Stephen he might have some kind of deal
like that I don't know what else is
spooky Stephen King gets a pass though
because he has a real creep show which
is one of the best technology
these that would be so great I watched
that this week it's not pretentious it's
just we're gonna make shocked yes
absolutely yeah it's got mobile animated
sequences and Creek shows great I think
I get the segment's and one and two
confused
uh two only has three segments part two
okay uh or one half for part one is five
really he's like two hours long yeah
some reason I was thinking that both man
three I haven't seen no creator the only
a three which is kind of let down you
could see the first one there's so many
but the three that are in part two are
all pretty good especially the second
one as the best story of any of those
two movies which is the raft you
remember that one
that's one with above the doily no weird
monster in the water now that one was
good that that was better than anything
in the first movie there's there's
wooden alien monster no alien monster
yeah you mean the Native American a
wooden statue there's something with
cockroaches right that's the first one
yes first one ah there's that one with
Leslie Nielsen that's the tip dance yeah
yeah then is there a homeless man it's
in my car that's the second does he
second one yeah thanks for her tears our
ID lady Stephen King turns into a moss
man yep that's the first one and I don't
remember the Oz oh there's the crate the
monster in the crate okay invade Lee
remember that one's like a university
and there's this crate under the stairs
and they open it it's got this creature
in it and the guy uses it to uh to kill
his alcoholic abusive wife okay okay
that was fun and then I think you need
to all except the first segment of the
first movie which is this family that I
had a really obnoxious father that one
of the children killed and then he comes
back from the dead it's kind of lame
it's not a good start to the series but
everything after that's good
how you feeling about this game jack
deck looks miserable right now Jack just
gave me the finger
you don't have to keep playing the jig
no one's gonna make you fun planet game
later you're not playing a game this is
technically a game in order to be
playing a game you have to be doing
something
no that's not necessarily true as we
found out here well I guess technically
I am doing something because I'm looking
at the cameras I'm using the power right
and because I'm using the power there's
a chance that the creatures can get me
mm-hmm
so there's a chance of I'm losing can we
go back to technical difficulties Thanks
oh look there's a spooky thing he's in
the Pirates Cove thing Oh No but you
can't look around the cameras because
that uses power so all these photo oh
look it's here now fuck this is not
spooky all these spooky things you can
see you shouldn't be using does that
eats power it seems like the smart thing
to do is just turn the lights on in the
doorways every now and then or to
occasionally check the doors that are
near you sure most of this is just
useless well there's something in here
Oh No maybe it's just close the door and
leave it shut but apparently that it
takes power to keep a door closed oh
there's always the option to stop
playing the game - yeah I'm girl you
know come I'm here I'm giving it I
should have just brought Maximo what's
Maximo it's just a little fun game where
you fight ghosts and Tess come out
that's not a horror game is that are
sooo good okey horrigan we've tried jack
we've tried horror games suck but I'd
say it's a horror game if it has some
sort of ghosts or monsters in it every
meal if it's a fun goofy one that's fine
everyone in the chat hates this they
should I think you'd be better off just
taking your headphones off and just
chatting with the whole stream would be
better off if you did that I just want
to see what happens
I just want up nothing I'm playing the
game
all right I think I heard a spooky thing
I only know goblins and ghosts
Oh nabob Oh goblins and ghosts oh I
heard that yeah with spooky a loud noise
startled me I did I moved I went though
because it was really loud and he popped
up yeah so I guess it wins great nah hey
fucking fuck dumbest grief wah thank you
for subscribing what's the game where
you get to be a ghost and you get to
scare people what's the fun game where
you get to be a ghost and scare people
let's play that is that a game iodide
and yeah yeah I've seen that before hmm
get the fuck out of this can we find a
an emulator of the old Texas Chainsaw
Massacre Atari game oh my god happy fun
that would be super great we aren't the
Archie one thank you for summer I don't
know why you're so surprised shit huh
there wasn't that every week though yeah
but this is ass that was well people
demanded that you played it now you play
that they did they wanted us to play
that written yeah are you fucking happy
did they do that just cuz they wanted to
make you miserable then did I just
because of the shoulders Pizza bear okay
so you did this chat thanks speaking of
little bits it's one more lesson never
to listen sorry yeah go on
how's it say speaking of the show of his
pizza bear there may be a new video
posted on the website tomorrow it may or
may not be related to Halloween and our
best of the worst and or red letter
media
which means a probable it won't it's
gonna be part two of the new Plinkett
animated cartoon I know you all love
them they started poking some rabbits
frolicking in those and we're gonna post
that on the website
bye every grain and B Graham they've
started the thing I don't understand is
yeah the new Plinkett cartoon came up
recently yeah they comment on the
YouTube versions of the livestream
videos on the Pre Rec channel about the
cartoon about the cartoon that is
scientist seems very counterproductive
that's it's incredibly counterproductive
reductive that's the wrong word but it
doesn't seem productive that's know is
I've never done it yes look at what what
people have been commenting on the
Pre Rec channel about the Plinektt cartoon
ok saying that they dislike the Plinkett
cartoon on the I'm like you know the
cut-up twitch livestream yeah videos why
yeah comment on the video what if that's
not enough it's not like it's not like
the animated Plinkett is keeping us from
doing other things no and that's what
some people say we we have no
involvement with that we just post it
because honestly we like them that's I
don't understand the hatred for them I
don't get it I think they're it cuz to
me it's more of a clever sound collage
with visuals um not so much this newest
one but the most of the other ones
that's what they are and that's why I
find them entertaining but it's somebody
we have met in person once and he does
them all on his own and we don't even
record audio for them now takes all
pre-exam on water record audio that's
what I like is the way he repurpose
audio yeah um so uh I mean I think it's
been around long enough they're not up
very often and if you don't like them
you know that at this point so this is
you should know to avoid it what does
you guys just make what are you doing
about buying a game okay
oh ah I'm buying a fun game we're gonna
tweet we do have some more spooky games
but I'm gonna take a quick moment and
buy a foot and buy a game that looks
like fun because I want my son is a
spooky fun game yeah okay because horror
games apparently suck
Lee
so give me a second here some of the
Resident Evil games are falling right
yeah I mean you know even like the early
ones didn't age well because of graphic
yeah sure but had a decent atmosphere
and then what was it for was great and
it Resident Evil 4 was fantastic just a
good game hmm
doot doot doot doot doot this is what
it's called thank you ex crunch ex
for sending me a steam chat message
letting me know which game I was talking
about ghostbusters is on sale for ton
Steam for $2.99 says gobbledygook ooh
what we won't have time for that
okay let's just because we like we just
won't
I'm sorry gobbledygook why not I guess
we might I don't know hold on I don't
know what what it matters do we want to
try this out we could do that or Jay
could play alien isolation we know
that'll take two no that'll be the no
border on that one Cecily do want to do
that as a separate that is a separate
thing Jay's alien isolation no board run
in which Jay will play alien isolation
until he gets bored and that will end
the stream yes whenever Jay is done
playing that's a long the stream will
last and then we'll take bets see you
got you guys would be pretty confident
about that because you all seem to love
it yeah okay let's try this one I will
say I don't know about video games when
it comes to movies I have a lot of
patience with slow hemisphere movies
sure yes I don't know how I'll feel
about this game but I'll try imagine a
slow atmosphere two hour long movie
stretched out into 20 hours okay okay
this is listen no no I'm not gonna talk
about it
