Episode 106
Haunt the SPOOKY House: Terrortown
November 10, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRGDe8h57Ho
___________________________________________

okay here it is
a fun game I don't know if you gave
those games the proper chance nope sure
didn't I wasn't a what you know what I
wasn't playing it on hard mode okay turn
it with the sub alert back on so what
game are you playing we're gonna play a
super fun game called haunt the house
terror town ooh that sounds super fun
hey you play a ghost oh look at how fun
and cute this looks doesn't mean it'll
be good
nope nope we've had nothing but shit so
far rich have you ever played prison
architects yes give anything to say vote
for him it's it's it's it's neat okay
it's a game that's actually still in
development as well as early I think
yeah but so far it's mean you build and
manage prison the prisoners sometimes
you don't kill each other sometimes they
Co guards they have riots you can send
out the right guards to beat them down
hold on we have to update this dream
every time they update the game though
this pulled over for cannabis I was a
magnetic yeah so weird it's great
because then if you accidentally knock
it off that's this one call to get up
onto that no I'm sure that's not gonna
have a twitch thing Oh what the fuck are
you
Jesus Christ I'm not paying attention a
top spot gamer thank you for subscribing
haunt the house terror town dinner has a
razza is in the twitch database alright
go figure
Go Fish hi where's my mom Oh
close your ghost with the arrows hey
play Brian Butterfield's house want if
there is a Brian Butterfield game oh my
god these Palin's say we're gonna baby
look at this look at this rich yeah are
you controlling the ghost I hear
something about a Brian Butterfield
being according to collie says there's a
Jay played Brian Butterfield house honks
oh and he spills house for the hide
before the II I don't know if that's a
typo or Oh or is that a reference to a
video he made or is that an actual thing
I have no idea but if that's it that
sounds like it's for related so we exist
and it's Brian Butterfield so it's
probably funny
Oh your main a joke Colin damn it you
got my hopes up oh you know I that's
probably from one of his videos no
remembering that where he makes his own
video game system I don't remember a
whorehouse one though but I probably
just forgot maybe I remember when he
makes the yeah his only console Jack are
you doing anything in this game yet yes
come on gave us a Canadian story
Canadians sorry his ease of the end
remember know sometimes asking about the
boost the Goosebumps books today did you
guys ever read the goosebump books I
think we're all too old yeah I think so
yeah this came out when I was a little
bit older I think those came out when I
was in high school I was watching Return
of the Living Dead when I was like six
so whose bumps wouldn't appeal to me
even as a little kid I wasn't the more
more hardcore porn than that
there's a little bit tame for me
although I did like are you afraid of
the dark and Nickelodeon I remember
enjoying that show are you trying to do
things to scare people oh oh we gotta
know what the fuck
whoa whoa whoa Lucy thank you for
subscribing
it looks cute it does it doesn't appear
to be doing anything so fun gift wait
they're using the things as you want
maybe I don't have it
so it's like he out over here is the
atmosphere oh oh here I can haunted
skeleton for the first time tonight I've
been entertained my Oh Lando was taken
the night breed director's cut not only
have I not seen it I think it came out
this week but I've never seen the
theatrical cutter night breed have
either ever seen that the clapper now no
I'm gonna check out the director's cut
I've always avoided the theatrical cut
well just cuz I never got around to it
and to because I'd news heavily edited
cable I don't think I ever watched yeah
I never saw it but I like Clive Barker
and the director's cut is released
through screen Factory
screen factory so I'll check it out
eventually no three back berry I don't
know hey I didn't I didn't have
goosebumps when I was younger but I did
watch like tales from the dark side
oh well sure tell us I'm the cryptid the
rock side till to the crib till the dark
side there's another one monsters oh
yeah monsters is on or it was last time
I checked it was all on Netflix
totally yeah it's only like two seasons
but there's a good episodes in there
last time I went back to watch one they
were so cheap oh sure so unimaginably
dude I was it monsters there was an
episode of monsters that scared the shit
out of me as a kid it was this guy and I
watched it recently and it's not scary
anymore but I found out that Martin
Scorsese directed the episode which is
kind of crazy but it's a sky that he
looks in a reflective surface he sees a
guy like this deformed person behind him
yeah I'm the reflection and every time
he looks in the in a reflective surface
it gets closer and that concept scared
the shit out of me as a kid the actual
episode watching it now as an adult is
not scary but the idea was creepy
there's one I tells from the darkside
thing I always got to me just at a
conceptual level was I got a woman and
she buys these like weight-loss
appliances weight loss boy yeah she puts
them on she puts the glasses on her food
talks to her and they have cute little
faces and they made pleading with her
not to eat them yes she can't eat
because every food she looks at is like
begging for its life holy shit that's
great she eventually starves to death oh
my god I need to see this
yeah text from the dark side I think I
watched the least so there's probably
kind of episodes I've never seen I've
watched it every watched it recently on
youtubers okay it's okay okay I'll look
it up okay I'm assuming it doesn't hold
daughter
I stole music to me okay got a fucking
house
isn't a creepy beer Oh amazing stories
that's what the the that was the show
that had the the the reflection well
okay amazing stories not monsters
amazing stories is on Netflix mazing
stories a little bit classier than
monsters I know I watched monsters but I
don't know if I would remember any
episodes of it I'd have time I bet if I
saw one I'd be like oh it's that episode
but yeah I was thinking of amazing
stories it's freezing stories one where
a woman turned into a gargoyle
oh she was she really was a girl okay
yeah amazing stories was more it had
some more episodes but it was more
fantasy yeah yeah some good episodes
there
I know jack ah
Venus coupe you spook host spooky ghost
at least six thousand five yes lots of
girl for Tales from the Crypt
that was my showgirl we know is it was
always exciting cuz it was on cable so
they could swear there was gold
occasionally there was some unity it was
the most amazing thing when you were a
small child yes it was so great as long
as he didn't watch the bullshit edited
versions that were on some stations
actually to be over there good cheesy
fun yes yeah yeah always had fun with it
killer Santa Claus is a little bit
disturbing to me oh yeah I think that's
the first episode wasn't I think that
was the pilot yeah that was good yeah I
like that one I really like you never
see the one with Morton Downey jr. what
happened where he was investigating a
supposed haunted house and they were
broadcasting live and might have and
then they're actual ghosts in the house
that one creeped me out as a kid I don't
remember what I think I did that sounds
familiar
yeah what's another good Tales from the
Crypt out what the point of this game is
I mean it's super fun cuz like you're
spooky ghosts ah do you have to make
them leave the house oh that's probably
you probably have to clear out the house
in a houseboat in this case safe too
scared of you and then you know you know
a direction that would make them leave
oh yeah okay okay you got original
gobbledygook yes I did like the Tales
from the Crypt yeah a midnight movie
bordello of blood the nights fun though
mainly because of billy zane and william
sadler they're both great men and
they're Miller's in it yeah that was fun
am I gonna call it a good movie but it's
fun
countless sue√±os a common swing up note
the spooky meter at the bottom so
there's some kind of spooky mirror so
does the spooky meter mean that I've run
out of okay guys how creepy you people
think the house is I don't I don't know
is it getting higher yeah is there any
danger of losing or you just probably I
mean this must be like get out of my
fucking house this is what we've
resorted to for a horror game and I'm
fine with that so far it's been better
than anything else we played not that I
know I think when the meter fills I run
out of spook that's what I would assume
yeah guess I'll ask J both Twilight's
already who really gets back somewhere
nice working in on the twilight zone
movie you ever see The Twilight Zone
movie no no I haven't come outta here
aren't you freaked out by this well
they're looking at it now they're I mean
it's hard to get over the the John
Landis segment with its while I'd say
moving
I'm talking go man who's smoking people
I'm smoking people get out of here run
the other way you dickheads it's not
safe in here isn't this just a ribs over
hurry up
yes I'm saying the more the meter fills
up the more stuff you can dirty
oh well then great get out of the house
get out of the house this guy this
asshole get out of here
yes it's not one afraid easily have you
have to do something really spooky to
frighten him I don't know yeah basically
just button mashing uh yeah but you know
kind of because um cuz he have to get
him out the house he came out to do it
strategic rich snow Jack he needs to
press W and a W and hey oh yeah I see
when you know oh oh I get it you can do
more things as that makes us I get it oh
my god hey what are your what are your
thoughts and opinions on Twilight Zone
movie um oh god can you get over the
John Landis segment Oh doesn't that
doesn't that kind of just overshadow the
entire movie it overshadows that segment
yeah I haven't seen that movie I don't
know if I've seen that movie since I
before I knew about that whole incident
okay cuz I watched it a lot when I was
not a lot but I watched it a few times
when I was a kid and liked it no I
haven't watched it since discovering all
that so I don't even know I have fond
memories of it I think is Joe Dante that
the one with the little kid and all the
relatives are scared of it
you could do anything it's like like God
like yeah yeah I remember liking that
one a lot and then the John Lithgow
there's something on the way Marie I
don't even remember much of the jump a
segment has a racist right and he gets
like yeah big time or something he is
the victim of racial incidents okay got
history
okay he's Joe and Germany's that's right
yeah okay yeah oh god that would be hard
to watch now knowing knowing the story
behind what happened so I don't know I
haven't watched it since
which one am i oh okay I'm doing good in
this one well I think I just killed the
man I think I just killed a man
it's quite possible I just kill the man
okay this house is terrifying I'm gonna
go to a different place that's not so
this way are all segments for the
sharing - weren't they the Kidman was
the John let's go
one was probably all were then I don't
know I remember there's one of them like
I think Spielberg had directed it it's
got his fingerprints all over it with
the old folks home yeah this is small
see why is this in the twilights okay
it's really capable of schmaltz Twilight
Zone was just supernatural not
necessarily Cora I guess and the
wraparound is with Dan Aykroyd right him
and Albert Brooks are drivin he's like
you want to see something yeah we're
liking that actually creeped me out as a
kid back when things used to scare me I
wish I could see her now I can't get
scared anymore don't associate dan
Aykroyd was scary
no not usually they caught you off guard
yeah that's him in overbrook's they're
both comedy good yeah yeah I think the
bluntness of it is what was scary
because it wasn't like anything clever
or creative it's just oh he's a monster
now these two guys they're goofing
around having fun of it oh he's a
monster what's what's the story behind
the John the with the couch segment if
you're thinking about thinking about the
John Landis segment the John Landis
directed segment yeah just just look it
up I don't want to get too into it
yeah buddy down buddy it's depressing
highly depressing yeah it's not a good
situation
Oh tales from the darkside the movie
they made one yeah yeah I haven't seen
that in a really long time I haven't
even think I remember any at the
wrap-around I think is with a witch
that's got like a kid trapped and she's
gonna cook him and he keeps distracting
her by telling these stories I think
that's the setup for it okay I don't
remember any stories
is there a mommy in it no God
just subscribe Oh what story oh thank
you for subscribing
we're being super spooky I will tell you
this is getting old incredibly fast 20
minutes ago it's still pretty cute but
yeah well people are saying blondie was
the witch Deborah hey Debbie Harry was
the witch brilliant tales from the
darkside movie okay well that's great
I should read watch that I like horror
anthology movies I like them so much
I've even sat through those shitty VHS
movies I just watched VHS 3 the other
day because I'm a glutton for punishment
and it may be the worst movie I've seen
all year I was like steady subscribe
he's even gonna what the fuck in the
channel can you get a shout-out as Mike
thank you for subscribing oh i'm mike
has sent us DVDs too so thank you for
that definitely like you on where should
you send us the lemon watch them but
eventually I want to watch the Halloween
3 I think is the one you centrist right
now is my series 1 this Halloween
Halloween howling
seekers mm-hmm yes the new VHS is
terrible like even by the standards of
those movies so fucking it may be angry
I can't even lie somebody watched a
movie that made me angry like hey just
like a movie and I'll get annoyed but I
was mad which was already realize like
this is a ripoff yeah it was terrible
give me some chicken you missed it we're
talking about you earlier
brief shows great baby sure it was great
I've never seen Creepshow 3 I guess it's
unrelated that is horrible I didn't even
know there was it was Eric the video
sequel that came out like I don't know
maybe five six years ago
Oh completely unrelated to anyone that
had anything to do with the original
movies so is the object crusty crusty
FIPS are thank you alright
that's an awful man it is a terrible
name oh this one I give a fucking
dinosaurs face yeah I mean listen it's
all fun I'd rather do this then any of
the other games we have played tonight
it doesn't seem like what you're doing
takes any kind of skill no like any exit
Murray
but it does look highly amusing so it's
got there
no if you saw this anime movies we will
not watch them probably that's almost
guaranteed it's actually pretty good if
it is guaranteed it's not even almost
yeah that's guaranteed none of us are
really into anime it's time and it's
hardly for the offer
it's for teak those you know there's cuz
you know what are you gonna say this
character is drawn shittily you know
like well I guess yeah it depends are
you a saint send us anime movies for
best of the worst or just a lot just to
watch either way none of us really want
to do it best of the worst anime though
I don't think we could i I honestly
don't know enough about anime where I
can really say there might be boom that
are so bad they're funny I had no idea
got a new one I just know I've watched
some stuff and it wasn't my thing some
women bow ski thank you for subscribing
let's go with Mary Lewandowski Oh Colin
st. Jim is here to jam Jim what's your
your name now we're all there to say him
I'm everyone's gonna say I'm Jim wait
for Colin so much what his name Colin
who is Jeffrey what's his name
oh you know I wish we were playing doing
three tonight the top spot gamer I wish
we were playing doom 3 now play doing
three yeah now get it yeah Kevin I'm
done all puppies it'll probably shut me
up cuz I'll be playing the game and not
paying attention Adrian I want to I want
to focus on guys come here on pokey oh
now this is a game looking like a poke
some people are coke you know doom 3 is
actually a little bit scary
in all honesty yeah do be sandwich now
that's a fun memory you guys come up
with this stuff what how's that spooky
by the way he puts on a thing a mustard
guy what is a very nice this is kale
define what anyway mochi is a very nice
place in the summer don't visit here in
the winter it's very nice for about
three months
that's it or if you come in the winter
bring bring your snowsuit no just don't
come in the winter I like this horrible
better basket case Franken hooker or
brain damage I'm gonna go with brain
damage I think brain damage transcend
this feat movie schlock into something
more creative and interested in artistic
while still being b-movie schlock it's a
wonderful film it's very visual and
creative I like that Frank Hannon modern
run ran America Oh rain is great I just
watched that the other day I watch that
every October that's one of my Halloween
staples say I'm not a Whore guy I
haven't seen any of those movies now
yeah VP everything random eater no I
haven't animators good that's not Frank
Kenan Lauder I think he was talking
about movies by a specific director but
reanimated other on that kind of
transcends just being a dome
be movie it's really creative and
Jeffrey Combs is great nut was thank you
for subscribing reckless witless wek le
SS hey dick neutral yes bad biology a
great return for Frank Hannon Lauder I
got very excited because that movie was
being shot shortly after our movie the
recovered and our lead actors Tina for
Mac I found out this is in the days of
MySpace she posted something about how
she's in my army Kenneth waters new
movie and I immediately sent her like a
private message I was like you're in a
Frank and Lauder movie but that's so
awesome
so neat I got to see a new Frank Hannon
Lauder movie and I got to see a friend
of mine in a new Frank Animoto movie
yeah bad biology is just bad shit you
just kill people would you kill this
time nurse o zaptor I don't know if
you're supposed to kill people
I assume you are get out of my house I
think these are my houses is the story I
kind of want to win because I feel like
I'm close now no don't go up go down I
can only hope their ghosts come up cuz
their girls have been flying away they
die pretty thanks guy go get out no I
don't go up don't go up you fuckwad J
are we doing any more conventions any
time from suing it uh probably after
space cops done yeah well we'll bring
copies but
we kind of got burnt out we did a few
and by the time we did the Toronto Fan
Expo it was just so crowded where it's
like part of our goal our part of what
we wanted to do when we go to the
conventions is be able to make
entertaining videos and and it was so
packed we couldn't make a video so we
made a video about the fact that it was
too crowded to make a video it gets kind
of exhausting and I don't think
conventions are really earthling but
we'll see maybe we can do some
screenings and stuff when space cops
done we'll see
rich help Jack with strategy here oh hey
I couldn't kill that guy in this spooky
get the fuck out of my house yeah the
old Clair convention I don't think we'll
ever top that coverage where it's just
like laying face down on the ground oh
shit all over that is a funny bit Turks
Benson's are you guys playing any scary
video games anytime you go back to real
horror stories no there we have a scary
video game and we might have to go get
the Ghostbusters game
what's the Ghostbusters dammit you know
in order to enjoy that you need to be
able to pay attention to what they're
saying
the term is just hearing those actors as
those characters yeah doing lines
yeah thanks true get out of here so I
think this is where the game starts is
where you have to just figure out how to
get people out of your fucking house
whatever you're done jack come on take a
break
fuck I'm into this at first I was at
first I was kind of hatin
yeah and now and now I just want to I
want to win
I feel like winning is a thing I can do
who's still here this morning winning is
that true yes I don't I don't know if
that is true oh I'm out okay how do you
lose I don't think you do lose I think
you just don't win okay
or maybe that maybe that has something
to do with the bells the Ghostbusters
game is great I'm not sure of a stream
that's the best place to appreciate it
though for us or for them both oh you
sure maybe said you really need to be
able to swim the dialogue in that game
because that's that's most of it I've
seen some of the cutscenes and stuff I
watched all of it but no thang yeah
seeing that stuff was nice see how do I
get this fuck out of here get out of
here
yeah keep going
get out of here there's the door
there's no yeah thank you you too get
out of here get out here just comes back
that's weird
scare do they have to be they have to be
scared and running in direction who do I
have left I have two more people left in
that or one more person left in the
house who's left in the house who's left
in here reckless favorite horror film is
the exorcists
I think the Exorcist is a perfect movie
Dawn of the Dead
Donna the dead yeah that's a good one
actually I just I rewatched because this
is the thing I do sometimes I wake up
every morning before I get to work I
decide I'm gonna watch a movie so I
watched Rosemary's Baby at 7 o'clock
this morning and uh I've always liked it
but when re watching it I think that may
have jumped up to one of my favorite
movies of all time
actually just does Evil Dead to come
sure counts it's got skeletons and
monster and that is my favorite whole
movie people dead to you
that's a very fair of favorite horror
movie though I like it for the non whore
elements yeah it's not scary yeah but
it's fun but I remember seeing an
exorcist Scott we released in theaters
when was that like 10 years ago
do you remember really no I got really
Cynthia and I remember going to see it
and my friend Nate was with us he's this
huge guy very buff guy and he was like
practically and one of her other friends
laughs by the end of the movie he was so
scared and then there are other people
like younger people the fear that were
laughing every time she swears that's
like an it's not that funny I don't know
some people find it funny just because
it's a little bitter swearing but I find
it incredibly unsettling okay for dr. J
Jim's name is Jim underscore oh yeah he
jim type of commenter so i can click on
it they make you a mod yeah cuz if
you're a mod then you can do shit that
we can know who you are
yeah you're putting me to sleep jack
well good night
the thing is great
the thing is great haven't seen you nerd
that's right you've never have a thing
now that's pretty incredible I should
that should bring that for Halloween
part I got I'll bring you do that you
bring that I'll bring your dark I always
associate the thing I never watch it
around Halloween's that's like takes
place you know it's all snow and winter
so I every just think of watching that
like when there's our first big
snowstorm every year Oh Jim can't type
of camera because it's in subscriber
motive oh no that would make sense I
don't know how these things work and
take it out of subscriber that's up to
you I'm gonna do it or we just need to
know is have um your actor Jace's just
type when you get read it dr. J's got a
thing
yeah where what am I looking at whatever
actor Jay typed oh I see okay I will do
this just type it into the chat box and
I'll try it I think I didn't know cured
speed yes I plan on watching things
again there'll be a part of art or
Halloween party famous things fuck you
now we're talking we can compare it
might be better that's a great idea
hello Jim hi Jim get out of our fucking
house it's like a 1 what asshole after
their favorite movie of all time I can
never decide on a face things these
things rotate depending upon your mood
yeah yeah
fight fight clubs always runner for the
top slot in my mind it's very surprising
why is this crushing um
I could put any one of my my favorites
but it's good yeah I always liked his
people mention a movie I'll be like gods
for my favorite movies and I realize I
say that about probably doubles of
movies
I don't know I want to graduate
I love Eraserhead I love taxi driver so
if I had to narrow it down maybe those
three but that'll probably change
tomorrow I didn't do I have looked at
I'm just I'm just like why does Fight
Club is so surprising that movies
everything about that movie is amazing I
don't know I'm not saying it's not a
good movie huh I'm just saying it's it's
a way to know that about me why do you
know you know I don't know anything
about anything it's like who's left I
got one like oh I can make that list of
movies I like gremlins oh yeah that
that'd be an endless list yeah
aliens alien or so aliens with me oh
that's not much of a horror guy we've
had this conversation
where the fuck who is this a person
that's an extra mold thing yeah an
ex-con I know I came out wrong
gremlins to was not better very gremlins
to is great in its own way I think it's
a fantastic sample
I like sequels that completely fuck with
everything that made the original great
Texas Chainsaw Massacre to does that as
well
there's a straightforward movie yes
gremlins is better than gremlins to
gremlins 2 is a great satire though
sorry see the standard of what movie
would you watch over and over I'm a
desert island yeah that's not
necessarily your favorite movie that's
no the most very watchable movie would
yeah that is a different different yeah
god I think of Saveur for that type of
ringing oh sorry watchable for me might
be escaped from New York and I know you
don't like that one that much I don't
hate I definitely don't hate it
okay that's when I find myself free
watching more than a lot of other movies
that I know are better movies that's the
thing sometimes I think a really great
movie so I'm not tempted to watch them
all that often so I don't know and you
know if you only had that one movie to
watch over and over again sooner or
later you would hate it yeah or love it
it's just no matter I think that's the
real thing is no matter what the movie
you're probably gonna end up like
there's there's no movie that you would
be able to watch infinity times yeah and
still love it I don't it says there's
still a person left in here well I know
I say that for the chat Oh what's in the
coffin there's somebody in the coffin
the sarcophagus yeah but I don't know
how to
I don't know maybe you're fucked
all right farts can you knock it over
with something can you possess it no I
cannot possess it
and I can't like this guy does this but
I don't think that's a you know can you
poke it now I cannot poke it well I
don't know then you're just fucked it's
quite possible that I don't know what
I'm doing but it bothers me that there's
that one in there long rich the Empire
Strikes Back well I guess your opinion
overrides of mine what does the Empire
Strikes Back is the best that's it
that's a Star Trek movie okay I think it
was I think with Star Trek before Mac
died I know that's the one where uh
Spock is revealed as Kirk's father okay
okay I get those Star Trek movies yeah
yeah lousy yes escape from LA is the
same as Escape from New York only stupid
or somebody's somebody's got a
suggestion for you jack okay do you want
to figure this out on your own um no
what's the suggestion above the
sarcophagus snap of the thing thank you
good somebody's played this game a turd
speed a better question is what John
Carpenter movie hasn't been remade yet
big trouble a little shot big diner the
thing they've got Halloween they done
the fog uh I would call scape Rabelais a
remake what else have they done assault
on precinct 13 which is one that came
out and everybody forgot about
immediately Oh the eyes of Laura Mars in
enid direct that didn't he wrote that oh
um are there any other remakes that
might be all of them I feel like
everything he's done has been remade but
I hope they never remake there'd be no
point of remaking big trouble there's no
real point no not but
that doesn't stop them yeah that one in
particular though it wasn't we used to
think it wasn't a huge hit at the time
it's more of a cold things so that was
assault on precinct 13 they remain that
okay but that's a pretty solid basic
action premise as opposed to big trouble
mill China which is just kind of weird
so that would be a hard one to remain in
pointless you couldn't do it better no
no yeah not that any of the remains have
been better but I'm just saying well
John Carpenter's remake the thing was
better so there's always exceptions I
meant of John Carpenter movies sure sure
did either of you see the new assault on
precinct 13 no I actually been doing the
original one until a couple years ago I
saw that late in my my John Carpenter
watching solid movie there are you know
a good remake can happen oh sure I think
we talked about this on the Halloween
commentary track like there's a very
small list whenever people say well
there's some good remakes they always
bring up like the same five or six
movies sure it's always the thing the
fly um one of the other ones now I don't
even remember a lot of people say the
Dawn of the Dead remake which I know
you're not a fan of that the opening 10
minutes of that movie though are pretty
amazing
okay the rest of the movie watchable
even those opening 10 minutes are pretty
if the movies stopped as soon as she got
inside the mall absolutely zombies are
inherently not as creepy as slow they're
more visceral where some people find
scarier but obviously there would be a
more real threat
yeah but just in terms of being a movie
and atmosphere they're not as creepy
Wednesday shambling Court right that you
get the they're trying to evoke a
different reaction from the audience
with that zombies yeah yeah no okay I
I'm gonna say the first ten minutes yes
those 10 minutes already is really great
I agree
everything up to the opening credits
with Johnny Cash song
well the movies okay but man oh no you
know the the the little thing with the
girl or does that happen first yeah that
happens before the credits oh there's a
long stretch before the credits all
right then I'm with you uh Ocean's
eleven I've never seen the original so I
don't know but it's Cohen says Jay what
about the thing remake remake Oh God
what about the thing game based on the
remake of the remake no there was thing
video game based on the John Carpenter
movie right that was based on the remake
I believe there's a thin game that takes
place after the John Carpenter thing
okay I'm done with this
I beat it that's what I win oh holy I
think so knows Cory if that was it I'm
really upset
how much was that game oh it was like
five bucks it's worth 5 bucks I feel bad
saying that it was cute no let's go over
here and let's I want to see how much
this game was ok here is one of the
options quit
I would put the blob remake up there
with great remakes too so I watch that a
couple weeks ago for the first time
since I was a kid and it's wonderful I'm
done with that it's so well written it's
a really solid script and great
practical effects
how much were you how to haunt the house
what's a $4.99 when you pay for right
five bucks I feel bad because I'm sure
I'm sure people spend a lot of time to
make that hey thank you
it is super cute kind of fun I I mean I
had a good time but only because right
before it we played the stupid real
horror story that's what calls for Doom
3 I don't know if we could download that
quick enough that's the real thing
because we'd have to download it you see
and we we don't have it well why don't
we take a break and we'll see if we can
find our legally obtained copies of
spooky NES games ok ok
we've been streaming for a while anyway
so we can take a little break well uh
put we'll leave this on no I legally
owned the Friday the 13th game that's
what I'm saying out here but I do know
it's here it's in the back we have to
look for it we're gonna go get it
legally speaking we have to go that's
fine
that's fine break time
