Episode 107
Spooky NES - Nightmare on Elm St. And Friday the 13th
November 11, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktXJSsTBq8Q
___________________________________________

Jack Curtis Ben I think that's safe to
say well that's okay yeah here all right
all right I did buy this game as a kid
though there you go
done actually my parents bought it Wow
but that's okay you know what that is
okay it's weird to me that it's that the
image here is Freddy from nine random
Street part two when his hand has the
blades coming out of it oh yeah you
think they would want the iconic normal
Freddy they just picked any stock photo
that they could yeah it probably okay
are you still hearing glitchy stuff no
now I'm hearing the spooky music
hopefully everybody else is hearing the
spooky music are they okay
press buttons do they hear the spooky
music yes spooky music is onions hope
there it goes again
okay great let's look look let them soak
it in for a minute here okay let's see
can you press a button oh wait don't
press the button yet okay cuz I got
that's too late I already pressed two
buttons but they didn't do anything
my gobbledygook GABA think ups my
headphone legal activity shut this dream
town odd mutation you're right we were
being deaf so what's everyone in the
chat what's your favorite nightmare and
on the street movie it's the first one
right everyone's just gonna say that
aside from the first one let me ask that
because the first one is a classic
what's your favorite neighborhood all
streets sequel let me know you're
Sherlock but I I enjoy every there's not
a single night Meryl Streep movie that I
don't enjoy on some level I think the
worst one is probably two six Freddy's
Freddy said no two is amazing is it for
all the the weird homosexual undertones
that are subtle at all that movie is a
great story about a boy wrestling with
his sexuality but no it's pretty sad is
probably the worst but I saw that in the
theater the first one I saw in the
theater I was like 13 at the time but my
friend's mom took us and we bore the 3d
glasses
it was exciting even though the movie
sucked from what I remember those movies
I'm going with three that was the dream
warriors three and three is pretty good
yeah that one's genuinely pretty good
that was the one that Wes Craven came
back for and he wrote a draft of the
script yeah and then someone else came
and rewrote the entire thing oh but it
was Frank Darabont that co-wrote they do
so okay which I start playing the game
now you can start playing now okay one
player is this just rolls down yet
Knight is it's just called Nightmare on
Elm Street yeah I'm gonna go in this
building I don't remember what the goal
of this game is oh my god oh I gotta
click these are Freddy's bones that's
what it is I've got to run around and
collect all of Freddy's bones look at
this and who do you who are you my
generic man you're not even like a
carrot spiders in any other movies oh my
god can I jump off you fight Freddy I
think so oh okay I can't touch the
spiders oh and I'm invisible there we go
oh shit umm I know in the Friday the
13th game Jason will just randomly show
up and ruin your day but I don't fuck I
don't remember what happens with Freddy
in this game so he's just like a boss
fight at the end of the fucking game I
don't know I don't remember
Jesus crazy
oh I just turned into pinnately died man
Drake was here thank you when I come
back to living when I get hit I'm
invisible for a second and I can't see
what the fuck I'm supposed to be doing
oh I'm sorry
you think it's not doing that because
we're playing on a classic Nintendo
that's not some kind of well you know
what Jack probably didn't blow on the
cartridge long enough that's probably
okay you can punch the spiders they say
there's oh really yeah okay that's good
to know
oh no oh no I'm falling asleep this is
when Freddy shows up you fall asleep in
the game yeah now I'm in the nightmare
world oh this is fuck wait these spiders
and flies these giants
writers are not in a nightmare no that
was a real world oh my god look at the
diverse fighter that's that's a Freddie
spider that's awesome
punch him punch it I don't think I can
kill him I'll just keep going well you
can't not the Freddie spider look at
that oh my god this is awesome
I don't know where I'm supposed to be
going but that's how you're doing it I'm
gonna punch it ghosts ghosts this is
gonna punch you too you dumb
motherfucker remember that great scene
and I'll go through it when you pony
bunch of ghosts I hope that wasn't my
grandmother oh no I don't know if this
controller is working properly
you mean this NES controller yeah oh
fuck I just died toys in a row what's
the problem with some sometimes it
doesn't react properly to my my
movements hmm so I'm also not very good
at playing games but I'm gonna blame
more on the controller avenged
11d fold I think he says he can't tell
when I'm being sarcastic anymore that's
that's normal
ah fuck that's normal for all anyone my
age I was probably better at this game
when I was 12 of course or ho no I
would've been younger than 12 when did
this game come out it was submitted no a
thing a tease
punch that ghost Oh your dad or didn't
know ya it'd get hit and I turn
invisible which is really frustrating I
don't that's a glitch or that flickers
you know like oh hey you did it now
comebacks
there's no fascinating how this is so
far the best game I gotta get my bones
did you get that or just walking
downstairs I don't know where were their
bones they're kind of collect Freddy's
bony bombs eared well that happens and
you know not that you collect his bones
but oh no Freddy's coming oh no but in
part three oh shit
what am I supposed to do just punch him
punch him can you do anything else I
can't be the wizard master like 9
Burnham Street 3 all I can do is punch I
guess
do it you're doing it punch of punch of
Christ you're not punching him hard
enough this is so stupid
I'm just punching Freddie is there
something else that I'm missing here
champ does anybody know
Oh your pun do ya they're just saying
punch him
Chester much Freddie that seems like the
lamest thing well sure but ah fuck
apparently you have full sleep ZZZ
points whatever that mean I don't know
what we're talking about
all's I know is I'm very bad at this no
you're doing great I've turned into an
angel like 20 times that doesn't matter
today angels go to heaven you're fine
you get the hang of turning invisible
which i think is really important no
that means I'm getting hit and dying
Oh nope that's it well I guess that's
Freddie anything oh it's a bad you know
what it kind of looked like well spermy
guy who's this guy who are you nope he's
dead
one punch should we try and download
something else in the background what's
going on do you think we're cuz you mean
trying to find another cartridge well no
no I mean in addition to the Nintendo
we're pledged we've done what something
has seen moment o gonna oh I'm waking up
oh oh well we do have with outlast ok um
when is outlast up I'm dead that's like
a real horror game you can play games
play Doom 3 who who wants to watch rich
play Doom 3 I bet lots of people would
enjoy that yeah I agree
listen let's let's play do that's right
your change falling out what's happening
changes for you is this a goddamn
Canadian quarter fucking Jimmy John's Oh
No you know you know our Canadian
friends are listening to this know
what's happening you're going into lava
world
well fuck what
maniac mansion what maniac mansion a
vague memories of that game I don't know
what's happening is they're spooky
checkers no area might there we go
Jesus Christ I can't sleep I hate
turning invisible and nobody where the
fuck I am
and now what am I supposed to do just
punch this thing but if that's the only
thing you can do then yes this is so
stupid
every time you punch it it seems to turn
invisible and I think that's a good
thing
no I turn invisible when it hits me
invisible is a bad thing jack well
nobody it turns invisible so I think
you're hurting it oh say I have no I oh
this is the worst this is the worst
is there any technique water is it just
hoping that he doesn't turn into a clod
at the moment you're trying to hit him
oh I think you have to dodge and then
hit him after his claws or tracks right
how about I just keep turning into an
angel that's good that seems like that's
good it seems like a safe safe
alternative yeah oh I hit him I don't
know how to fix that frame skip it might
be an option in our old Nintendo
Entertainment System that's right here
in front of us this was set up in like
five minutes oh yeah that we could look
into oh this is awful
yeah I think this is a combination of me
now being a very good game player and
gives me must be a terrible
pause button okay hold what are we
holding for how are you trying to fix
that see if there's an option here in
our Nintendo Entertainment System
I'm gonna guess there probably isn't I
think there might be just part of the
game sure sure
it's probably a flicker that's missing
maybe it's a framerate catechist you
kind of thing yeah well I'm just gonna
check real quick what was the consensus
on everyone's favorite neighbor Elm
Street sequel new nightmares how to
mention lots of three hours yeah those
are the two that people hold up the most
some limit frames per second here I
unchecked that on our NES system that
might help okay I didn't trying anymore
Jack okay ready yeah
good oh my god oh my god Freddy got me
it just reset no my character went
spastic or psychic there we go oh you
missed it all times now that was amazing
well that's okay this game kind of sucks
let's try Friday the 13th we're gonna
put that back up yeah that's a good idea
doo doo doo doo doo that was great let's
try Friday the 13th okay I remember this
game being really bad now this is blast
proccesing all right let me know okay
now Chad favorite Friday the 13th I'm
gonna say Friday the 13th movie cuz I'm
assuming most people's favorite is not
the first one cuz the first one kind of
sucks no they're all great I mean
they're all terrible but that's why
they're great every episode of the TV
series I don't know if I've ever seen an
episode of the TV series wasn't bad it
was completely unrelated I know that at
least with the neighbor and um Street
series Freddy would show up sometimes he
was like a Crypt Keeper typos and he was
in
with his segments to only sometimes not
every episode no and not every episode
it was mostly an anthology thing but
there would be occasional episodes but
he was on he wasn't always in the rapper
road he was always in the holler case I
was like a Crypt Keeper type post but
some of the stories were about him too
that's interesting and those are the
only ones that I cared about I think
those are the only ones anybody would
care yeah yeah okay okay we're gonna do
this you're good to go no I'm not I'm
playing the Friday the 13th game oh my
god who do I want to play as oh your
kids on the campground yeah Oh play is
this guy look at that guy is why not you
switch during the game can you let you
play until they're all dead
oh that's really funny oh yeah that's
right what can't tell where those look
I'm going from room to room oh it's like
the same shit it's one of those kind of
game yep Oh see now I'm trapped in here
cuz I've no idea to get out cuz every
area looks the same oh my god get me out
of this cabin it's poor that's right and
then Jason will just randomly show up do
I remember right oh this is it I'm just
in here forever guys you can fight him
though someone just subscribe that
scription that's that's incredible
incision thank you
okay seriously I'm so I'm stuck here you
have to get out oh there you go it looks
different now that doesn't mean anything
how do you move you just set the the
arrow buttons you have no idea which
direction you're going or what room
you're in okay this is I'm stuck here
use your head
clearly someone with the lion brain
designed this game alright okay so when
you're there can you go forward yeah and
you hit this which looks just like every
other room okay
oh there's a door yeah get me out of
this hell yeah what the fuck
it's a Swamp Thing I don't recall those
being in uh the movies at all what is
that supposed wrong Jason fuck you Jesus
Christ there's a Jason already know he
shows up periodic he just shows up to
fuck with you now he's gone way to build
that like a little kid whew now I'm in
the spooky woods and there's more swamp
things are those like zombies of people
he's killed
I don't know maybe you gotta fight the
little fly I'm watching the past finger
yeah are you actually going Adam gonna
rock yep they're just throwing rocks you
really need the pitchfork varnish I need
something but yeah no idea where I'm
going that's great
this is great I know I know in the woods
you can find a cabin with his mother
severed head oh and this gave me kiss
trying to find that
I would love to find that because that
would mean that something is happening
what is this method I'm getting this
Lake rescue children
all right alert I think maybe children
are in danger okay in one of the cabins
okay I guess I better go get go back to
the oh wait there's no map so I have no
idea where I'm going it's very
convoluted Friday the 13th game oh yes
there's like a countdown and they're
saying George is gonna get killer but
like I have no way to tell where I'm
going how to get back to the camp
you have throwing knives now now I have
knives so it doesn't matter anymore that
is there a way to bring up a map ring oh
yeah here's the map okay so I'm in the
woods but I don't think there's any sort
of like north-south like I've no idea or
I'm at now in the same spot so nothing
has changed the beat means Jason's
killing someone oh that's hilarious
sorry kid you're dead so that's it
that's it yeah this may be worse than
the neighbor and almost regain oh no
Elise in that when I understood which
direction I was supposed to be going
then I'm still in the same spot in the
woods despite constantly going up and
down another subscriber that's amazing
liquid I hope you're all enjoying less
shitty horror games and the shitty new
horror games this game still better than
Jason Takes Manhattan
that one's bad that's the one that 90%
of it takes place on a boat he doesn't
go to Manhattan till the last like 10
minutes and it's yeah that's pretty bad
which is your favorite my favorite is
part four the one with Corey Feldman
okay
oh and and my second favorite is part
six because that one's very self-aware
that three was the one with Corey
Feldman no that's four okay okay I'm
gonna go ahead and trust Jan this one
yeah
no three is the 3d one which I have seen
in 3d in the theater and that's a lot of
fun
find the splatterhouse cartridge oh yeah
and how this what is that it let me uh
let me dig through the let me dig
through the the archives here oh my god
we subscribe us as I play this horrible
game 9 reads one but thank you for
subscribing let me see yeah oh yeah I
think you this is the splatterhouse
cartridge right here
ok I'm constantly walking through the
woods every time I bring up this map I'm
in the exact same spot Jay you have been
in the woods metal-free we're not only
in the woods in the same spot they look
the same
that's the problem but no I bring up the
map cuz it tells me where a madman was
just telling you generically you're in
the woods
is that all I think so this is I think
it's a bit more specific once you're
outside on the road lives in between the
houses yeah how am I supposed to get
back there if the map is of no use to me
I don't know everything this is the
worst out of the woods this is we should
I didn't know where I was going I didn't
intend to go in the woods it just
happened for anyone asking why Jack is
still going with this
we actually have an NES joke 1 because
we actually have an NES in there and 2
Jack likes to commit to the bit alright
and sometimes there's ups to the bit and
sometimes there's downs alright that I
may never get out of the woods
let's play it at least until you get out
of the ones I okay this is your mission
my mission is just to get out of you
didn't get out of the woods you win okay
does anyone in the chan have any
suggestions on how to get out of the
woods yeah don't bother going in the
woods just reset the game I don't know
really
yeah that's where we're at this is it
Jay all you have to do is get out of the
woods and you win
I did it again I'm in the game okay it's
an a so now that blinking one that's
where the kids getting killed you need
to go save a kid so I assume that means
I have to go this direction shoot
although directions are confusing in
this game but the kid's gonna be dead by
the time I get there you have 38 seconds
you're fine ticking all the way to the
other side of the camp
apparently oh god that's not gonna
happen Oh No look at there okay I'm
moving I'm not gonna get there in time
but I am moving at least this is the
worst game livid liquid says he
subscribed because this is like best of
the worst of Pre Rec yes so we should
play more often what we have is a theme
and everyone enjoys a theme
oh my glue look at that yeah I'm okay
with playing crap yeah oh I'm okay with
that - oh no that kids dead I'm so sorry
George if that's the kid that's dying or
maybe I'm George I don't even know I
think you're done George those are kids
in the top Bob yeah okay okay so now no
one's being attacked
he's got mache and I'm just wandering
around please you're about to die what
should I do you get help no sir you just
fucked I know
oh yeah yeah fell oh I'm just yeah I
just died I just lost a life am I just
supposed to wait around until Jason
decides to attack somebody
I don't recall cuz that's all I'm doing
right now
beetus blues oh no Jason you fucker
thanks for sharing our misery hi Jason
we need to play craps often this is a
parable though that's apparently half
the fun I'm not having fun this is truly
awful I'm frustrating anything Oh Jason
oh fuck like throws me well cuz right
now you have a knife in your back no I'm
dead
oh now I'm this guy now ball back to my
stupid baseball or whatever this is Jay
Bowman has a potty mouth it's true just
wander around and hope to Jason till
something I guess we're subscribing a
pity we'll take it oh oh how do I get
over there though oh you guys have to go
to the water okay I will go to the water
water you can do it it's just the new
objective that you're gonna try to save
one I want to save one kid okay here's
the ones this right yeah Jack why are
you always so drunk
that's a good question yeah that's a
good good question
oh my god our interests mostly because I
drink a lot then I save two kids thank
you I think all a group of home how did
you save them I walked into the cabin
congratulations
tonight did I save them I mean they said
thank you
oh no I'm still getting the notice okay
no so we do have to do that I don't know
range pass cure take I don't know what
I'm supposed to do now yet the way do
you have to wait for me show up I know
you can fight him in the houses okay
baby
you might have to fend him off well now
I'm lost in the house so who knows when
you see the 10,000 people watching us
play this awful game oh there is okay
hit him hit him punch it punch it with a
rock
punch it with us or done or die I'm just
dead sorry all those little kids you're
all fucks isolate you tenses you should
get paid for by oh my god just watching
you yeah that's great so that's great
so by the way this is the game you have
to go to the hut you have to find Jason
and then hit him with rocks oh well want
to hit him with better weapons sure you
need to find that you want
machete yeah yeah right now I just have
baseball's I had good weapons before but
I died oh my god everybody's dead except
those zero the two girls that look
exactly the same
Oh a lighter I don't know what that's
supposed to help me with but um is this
where I need to go no I'm going in the
wrong no I'm going in the right
direction he's back at the house I gotta
go back there
I just have to very slowly make my way
over thicker okay so I gotta go up this
path doing it you're doing it by the way
is it is it scary that you're starting
to understand the map system it's it's a
horrible map system yeah it really is
bad okay okay
but I have to keep checking the map like
I can't like oh now I know where I need
to go I have to keep checking the map
because it's so poorly laid out there's
no sense of direction
the lighter lets you set this game on
fire that's okay all right oh look
there's only one kit well I want kit
here Jason killed the other six of them
so now I have to find the room that no
there is do it do it do it go go throw
those rocks ah stop punching me Jason he
doesn't even have a weapon he just
punches people to death
alright last character come on Chrissy
still that same cabin this is simple
this is a stout eally bad
I'll fuck I think I'm kind of going to
their service I think you're supposed to
light the fireplaces Oh
oh fuck he's in the water come on
Chrissy hey are you going the right way
yeah okay I understand the the map
system sure oh how can he be in here if
he was just in the water so try to like
try to find a fireplace and light the
fireplace on fire I'm sure right now man
oh no you lost your later cuz you're
Chrissy now yeah I'm a different
character oh I'm dead all right you and
your friends are dead it's a lovely
message to put in a game aimed at
children all right are you done I think
I'm done with this oh my god go ahead
and play this game in a very long time
and I want to revisit it holy shit I
can't decide if that was amazing or
horrible a little bit of both I guess a
little bit of all okay use the torch to
light the fireplaces oh my god
MLG rich pro Oh got the lighter already
that's gonna help them out that's gonna
help them in the long run
what is the official goal of this game
I'm sure you have to defeat Jaso how how
do you go about doing this
well I'm sure you have to hit him like
when you find him in a house his health
seemed to drop very slowly so my guess
is if you have a good enough weapon you
can either fend him off and then you go
killed
all right all right and what are those
things
where's the man who's in trouble oh my
god that's a long way away oh that's all
of the way they're so rich really has to
optimize his path here so we're gonna
worry about to see a champion a champion
choose his own fate I don't know if he's
gonna make this one he's got 47 46
seconds to save these poor children a
lot of swamp monsters but you know he's
moving he's making a good pace oh god no
he's not gonna make it this is Never Say
Never
this is just not gonna happen he is
never going to make it I'm doing some
jumps oh he's got the knife and the
Zippo lighter this this is a real
game-changer right here jumping over
swamp zombies I'm gonna do it god damn
it
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna save those
kids they're gonna die that's a rookie
mistake right there fuck yeah the world
has never seen such a champion now
where's Jason
when you're at the half while you have
to go forward
yeah how do I use these things on the
side here can i oh well I can
shall I can I can switch switch you o
people o cure we can switch items with
the different kids the different campers
oh that's great I bet that rended Oh
where's your night yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh my god oh my god
okay you are not doing shit you're doing
shit damage did you cure you win for now
oh so that's it you just have to fend a
month I heard a lot of commotion while
it was out of the remember there was a
lot of excitement what did I miss my
friend it off Jason I got the thing in
time I got a knife
I'm like I got a lighter Wow here's the
thing you need to know about rich
he played competitive Friday the 13th in
here when he was twenty seven thirty
years ago and so this is bringing back a
lot of memories I need any help
sometime he it might have been nekkid
some toy company released a jason action
figure based on this game really a year
or so ago where he's wearing the purple
outfit ah I would want that it probably
I'm sure was a limited run thing and it
probably goes for a lot of eBay but I am
looking at me wrong but I lit a torch
yeah look up Jason NES action figure
yeah something like that
I'm sure you can find it oh my god oh
not so bad now oh no here is what it
like it looks like Jason but he's
wearing the purple wearing a purple
outfit that is hilarious I want it it's
too expensive but it's $70 okay that's
too much but I love knowing that that
exists yeah
yeah you're right rich you shouldn't be
careful about handling player
yeah everyone gets it children in
trouble I got a hurry up I gotta hurry
up yeah somebody's in trouble but such a
long way to go oh my god
you can't make that they're fucked yeah
sometimes that's a league game where
it's like those kids are in trouble
there's no way you're gonna get to one
time yeah they're dead yeah I need some
fucking medicines what I need you need
another one of those red jars where are
they all
where did they go they showed up when
you killed zombies Bob zombies oh so I'm
so busy a sob sob you what what is
lighting the fireplace doin I don't know
did you find one I found two two of them
are lit on fire maybe it helps keep
Jason out maybe the fireplace is lit
Jason's no afraid of fire and the video
game we might leave you you don't know
nothing but Jason in the game according
to Freddy vs. Jason Jason scared water
Freddy's scared fire oh what a thing but
that's what's in the movie is that the
cannon but that's not cannon from the
other movie now from the original series
no that wouldn't make any sense
swampies zombies they just running away
from the mouth I'm hoping to get health
at some point that would be nice this
farmer farming for hell basically yeah
and I'm kind of making my way to that
distress signal
sure but there's so many zombies yeah
why are the zombies in this game she
didn't guess they had to have something
to yeah it happened but it would
actually it would be it would be kind of
creepier if they weren't
zombies or you know what if there were
less of them but they were slightly more
powerful like right now they're just
fodder but like if there were less of
them and they just showed us randomly
that would end is it a spookiness oh my
god I'm never gonna be able to fight
them off you have a key
oh yeah I don't know what that does
I would like an alien isolation type
game where your on you have to wander
around Camp Crystal Lake and Jason
randomly pops out her I would like that
do you have the rock right now yeah I'm
um doing a thing right nope not that but
if you're doing a thing I'm gonna switch
off cuz I think he's low on health sure
they're trying to change a person yeah
okay let me do that they're nice now I
got for help I get it you your name's
Chrissy I'm a power gamer and everybody
and now you're Chrissy oh no you didn't
say there's still he's still not still
house yeah yeah you gotta confront Jason
oh my god I just turned night it turned
any time this is awesome oh yeah that
right oh my god they're so fucking dead
you just killed Chrissy Chrissy died on
her own oh my god
oh she's fast
is she a jogger in the game oh that's
mark is he a jogger they all look the
same they all have life who had the girl
hit pink the girl no but so did a guy
that means vagina
a guy hit pink too what Marla think
Jason is wearing purple it's alright
well what we did we watch for best for
the worst where everyone had the same
haircut Oh
as the children killers one oh yeah
birthday bloody birthday that's how all
these characters look they all look like
they have that like Prince Valiant bowl
cut go figure
fight fight him hit him with that night
do we give him the old one-two oh he is
insanely overpowered you win the fair
now
well good look at the healthy Bob though
oh my god this isn't gonna work
are you trying to beat the game what's
so funny about putting the Friday the
13th that he asked him because it's an
old shitty game and that's funny
you guys just don't understand that's
the things we weren't playing on hard
mode yeah we weren't getting I think
that it's more impressive to defeat the
old shitty game like this that's like so
poorly programmed sure sure I think
that's impressive there's there's a game
within a game how am i doing Chet I was
hurt too doing everybody
no listen I understand it wasn't an
awkward moment when I realized rich was
really into it I think it's funny that
shouldn't take away from his enjoyment
of the game this is just my take on it
and that's how things work
I like mark he's fast but he's almost
dead Oh mark it's almost dead oh hi mark
yeah let me that's a reference give me
the medicine
Oh Oh God
they marking the room die no what is
Paul do jack shit
no he look at him jump any crouches I
haven't seen anyone crouch he's slowest
fuck yeah maybe he's more powerful
usually slow means powerful breath
cancel Matt that's pretty close
that's a reference to the room jack
what press cancel well breast cancer
mark died of breast cancer mark died of
breast cancer in the room okay you need
to watch the room I know and you saw
that click the other day I had to pull a
clip from the room for some projects I
don't know what it is it's not room
centric project no it's not yeah I don't
want to get every so soon but I did at
the Polo clipping room and then you saw
that one brief scene that was the only
thing I've ever seen into the room and
it was great right it really was yeah
never really every scene is like that
every scene is a wonderful little
comedic nugget yes all right I will want
I will watch the room it is the richest
bad movie I've ever seen yeah the
richest yeah yeah I'm not a part of my
name I mean it's the rich and every
frame is so Vince
every fucking one he didn't say that I
did it is true though in the case of
there
I enjoy YouTube oh my god the scene in
the room I'm mentioning is the the
alleyway where they're throwing the the
football around and then one the
underwears guy is talking about his
incident with me underwears yeah and
then they're throwing the football and
then he just falls over violently for no
real reason
right well the the it was that guy was
supposed to have like accidentally
bumped into him he very lightly bumped
into him but the guy flew down oh yeah
it's so great but if I leverage that
potion just appeared yeah like that you
didn't kill anything it was just there
so maybe instead of castrating a killing
come straight on like just walking do
more walking Jay has read the disaster
artist yes I had the disaster artist as
a page-turner right I brought that whole
book did not
we have huge crime plane rides and it's
it's a very good book it surprised me
actually how sort of kind of touching it
was in an odd way the relationship
between Tommy Wiseau and Greg Sestero
cuz I didn't know anything about their
history together it's a very good book
very good book
I'm not sure about the movie version
that they're working on no no about
James Franco and Seth Rogen being
involved but
see hey but hey mo no no mo no no thanks
for subscribing oh no oh I get it
oh no no no no mo no no no no no mo no
no no no no no that sounds familiar
Richard McCallum I know what that means
who's Richard McHale Rick McCallum is
that what they're trying to say no Jim
Jim is saying I wonder what Richard
McCallum is doing these days
I said it to octobe Jane I said me
stammering
Jesus Christ I'm done
oh you have to more people you can go on
finish the game
Oh Jay Bowman's beard oh that sounds
very weird to have to say that but
that's their name yes
if the one item is not a do clutch
brothers movie one of the do paws
brothers is in it but they didn't direct
it and it's actually a very good movie I
liked it quite a bit Elisabeth Moss is a
very good actress I've never watched
madman but she's great in that movie
I mean that one of those Tony has
Duplass brothers is pretty good in the
movie but he's just acting
he's just acting on it it's not a du
plus brothers in the movie sure I
probably would not have watched it if
that were the case which one did they do
again Jeffrey was at home oh yeah it was
apparently that the same one that's in
that movie don't I love is on a show a
TV show mmm the shield not a shield
don't leave is that a show a week yeah
that's the company show okay well I
think he's on that is uh Paul Scheer on
that yes okay he's on that show I've
never seen it but I feel I've heard
nothing but good things about it
okay I know nothing about it but I know
he's
really funny people but I've never seen
an episode like it small shear it's oh
my god I'm gonna Nick Kroll is on it
Nakano is hilarious Jon Lajoie oh yeah
show me your genitals guys show me Jason
Mantzoukas okay but a lot of good funny
people in ways I've never seen I've
never watched it it's about a group of
guys who all are in the same fantasy
football league ah revolves around
fantasy football which I give a fuck
yeah I wouldn't know anything about that
oh god there's way too much in the
current speeds asking about David
Cronenberg I love David Cronenberg
especially early David Cronenberg I'm a
big fan of body horror films because I
have a horrible fear and disgust of
what's going on inside our bodies I'm
very uncomfortable and his movies
confront that I really like that I love
the fly I love dead ringers with Jeremy
Irons yeah David Cronenberg's great I
actually just watched it's on Netflix
right now one of his early movies made
his first movie shivers I've never seen
it before it's about an apartment
complex that gets infested with a
parasite that turns you into a basically
a sec zombie everyone just has this this
raging monstrous libidos they're like
zombies in this one they just want to
fuck and when they get affected by this
parasite it's it's kind of silly because
it's cheap and crappy looking but it's
interesting it's good one more yeah
listen you're not gonna win but you got
to finish it I don't live in liquid
that's not a running gag I the human
body grosses me out
about the outer body like I'm not afraid
to like touch people or anything but
just knowing like at any moment for no
reason you could just get cancer no bet
horrifies me
so David Cronenberg's early movies they
deal a lot with that in horrifically
wonderful thing yes very very creative
and imaginative yeah like the fly was
one of one of the first movies where I
realized like I was too young to see the
fly but like I was old enough to
understand like oh the fly is the most
like that's just the purest example of
his body horror movies where it's like
here's 90 minutes of a guy just
deteriorating before your eyes and so
also beautiful so beautiful yeah
Goldblum these great memories I love
that movie a lot every show says Joe Bob
Briggs wants call that he's like the
best movie to gross out your little
sister all right there's no one left to
die how is there a soul alarm it's for
you yeah it's for you oh you have no you
got a big weapon yeah look at my house
this this is what yeah you're pretty
book
that ain't no oh I thought it was right
through me yeah no you're crazy but I
can't believe a house on the runway -
Wow Miz Ami's I know I like concepts
about this game like doing the teenagers
picking off one by one and there's one
terrifying enemy you have to deal with a
like these concepts yeah by the way I'm
with you if only someone can take say a
braum of this game
and do some stuff with it along what
does that mean that's the the program in
it programming of a game
what's the game it's play good that's
what you call a game file the raw Ronin
birds son did an antiviral yeah yeah
antivirals interesting I think it drives
a little bit in the second half all the
kids oh oh fuck you chaser sure
Jason such a dick alright what's next
I'm pretty good though right yeah but
then again I didn't know what I was
doing
you did great it started exciting it did
I apparently missed the exciting part
when I was out of the room but they were
he didn't killed it
he yeah not that's not a pun well why
didn't you why didn't you just continue
to do that yeah you know the game didn't
let me know this hits like take off half
your fucking hell hmm it's comical its
comical Chronicle it's a joke okay so
just punches you yeah throw Jason's
known for doing this is punch well no
you missed him he had a machete oh he
did yes okay and at one point I think he
had a throwing axe oh my god throwing
axes at you yeah I only call it a
throwing axe cuz he was it was an accent
he was throwing that's I don't know if
it was this specifically Castlevania
outlast
super goofs and ghouls Luigi's Mansion
ah shit if I had Luigi's Mansion we
would play the shit out of that is that
a dirty whore Oh missed again nobody
fights girl she defies the coast
okay well that's that's all you need
it's a horror game it's got ghosts
vacuum okay and it's an amazing story
what system was that part it was the
launch title for the Gamecube oh really
and it was great okay haven't played it
I'd love to it's great we have a
GameCube here we don't have Luigi's
Mansion you know why I lent it to
someone and I know who that someone is
and they lost it so they're a huge dick
that's why you never let anyone borrow
anything that's not true that's not true
let people borrow shit but keep tabs on
it I guess I let it go for too long yeah
yeah that was my period was my problem
I understand Super Mario Sunshine we're
not gonna play Super Mario Sunshine
all right let's see here let's see what
we got here Luigi's Mansion would get
flagged it probably would
oh yeah Nintendo's weird about their
stuff right damn Nintendo it's probably
old enough we're wrong
did it let's see what do you think let's
say you know he's old OOP
take a break take a little break that's
what we'll do doo-doo-doo-doo you can
listen to the Friday the 13th music loop
while we take a short break
