Episode 108
Outlast (spooky)
November 12, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVa3PTaWAvM
___________________________________________

here here OS is easier it has nothing to
do with difficulty it has to do what the
game was fucking lorry okay
adjust the game by air here Oh am I
using this yeah you can only use the
okay well I don't know if you use the
mouse over the controller but okay
Oh hopefully or not okay you figure it
out just the gamma adjust the gamma oh I
see
oh man you want to get it so the guy is
very barely visible yes right okay all
right that looks like an acceptable
level
he's very dark and it's spooky does the
chant agree that this is an acceptable
level of spookiness the chat agrees that
we need to stop talking about alien
isolation I would agree with that yeah
we're done okay
alright so this is our accepted level of
spookiness okay great this will affect
it's out of focus
alright sorry um oh my god normal heart
nightmare or insane for my sake I said
I'll start with normal I guess I mean
yeah I'm tempted to go with insane but I
don't know what would happen just do it
go for it yeah we're just gonna go with
insane oh my god insane mode ultimate
heart-attack experience maximum
difficulty and no checkpoints have you
died all progress is lost okay oh my
gosh Oh someone subscribe for this thank
you shoes me home thank you for that
shooter my god may halt thank you for
subscribing
alright I'm about to play the ultimate
heart attack experience here I hope you
all can handle this
intense violence coregraphics sexual
content and strong language
oh my god please enjoy that's great
investigative reporter
9 Reid says I don't think this is a good
idea really are you sure it might be the
best day all right I'm gonna put oh my
god I'm gonna put on my headphones say
no I'm not part of my headphones so I
won't hear the chat or anything I got to
get immersed in the game
no you wouldn't be able to hear the chat
even without your headphones in some
text you might um we might need to plug
into controller so you can play I don't
know how you play this game you're
probably gonna need to move around and
stuff yeah that's almost certainly
we've never played a game with a mouse
and keyboard before I have you ever
played a game you move around with the
mouse and keyboard before no okay no
should I be using the keyboard we might
have to set up the controller for you
okay go driving up bars in this place
was was spooky I will say I'm getting
I'm getting a little creeped out by this
game oh my god what's happening what
happened nothing I'm asking you what's
happening Oh am i using that there you
go
will this work maybe nope
okay nope nope thanks to the Oh No
Oh what did you do I hit a scared it
might be freaking out because we started
the game without patrol again oh my god
we need oh well we also need to turn off
our solar so like I got my headphones on
for ultimate stuff heart attack
experience I know do that what am i
doing you're ruining the immersive
experience alright heart attack
experience okay hold on okay proceed
ruby red prolapse thank you for
subscribing Jesus I'm sorry one no you
change it so it's all the mouse is that
what's happening
no no roommates it's all controller oh
oh okay
oh no I got a drive-up so you have to
again but we're sorry but in the long
run there we go
okay obviously better Xbox controller
should be working out okay and to make
sure you have the ultimate in immersion
experience I'm gonna I'm gonna turn off
the subway did you put it out yet we
should make sure that patroller was
working right first I'm sure it's this
controller right yeah okay tell me what
you want me to do oh my god Hey alright
it recognizes it okay does it work
no okay so are using the what sticker
using yeah we got it I tried all of them
alright ready
and here we go okay it's gonna happen I
quit the game and started over again
okay that should that's it
okay now that the controller is plugged
in I want my heart attack experience
yeah yeah it's gonna make it two minutes
under the game and it'll be it
alright you know now they're saying
don't play insane don't play the hard
too hard no don't do hard are they being
serious though I don't know okay now
it's working okay
so now you can why okay before I start
the game chat why should I not play the
insane experience multiple tie I thought
you are gonna stop talking about alien
isolation I'm talking about difficult
okay okay but what in the chat why
should I not play it on insane mode
they're saying try normal they're not
giving reasons yet I want reasons
because otherwise I'm playing the insane
version because I want an alternate
heart attack experience and same has no
checkpoints right so I'm gonna play the
game for five minutes before I get bored
so that doesn't matter no checkpoints
though oh that's okay they're saying you
will die instantly okay but let's see
that's a valid reason but what's is hard
okay yeah should I play hard your New
York you need checkpoints is what
they're saying you need to be able to
save no checkpoints this bad and saying
we'll make it unnecessarily frustrating
so okay because you won't lose your
progress nightmare is the hardest or
maybe just try hard okay I'm gonna try
hard yeah none of this matters because I
want to play the game for five minutes
and probably turn it over to somebody
else your headphones on for okay you
fully immerse okay I'm gonna put my
headphones on okay I'll see you on the
other side chat alright here we go
heart is fine
again this weekend seminar on
so how about that local sports team
there we go oh I miss another woman once
there isn't like all right they are not
talking already listed there hurts Game
seven know who's playing Oh Giants and
the Kansas City Royals I'm actually kind
of rooting for because they hadn't been
there in 30 years
oh they're saying fuck the Giants go
Giants we're saying Giants Warner no
they go like I'm a super invested and
somebody likes French small talk oh
that's nice
you talked about this one yeah this is
what you talk about having small talk
over J's ultimate horror experience let
me get a little DV camera that's funny
I haven't seen a single game with this
year's World Series just depressing
usually I like baseball mm-hmm we've
been busy
are we quiet looks neat look spooky
laughter the ones well it's a little bit
warm for October that your today it's
very cool yes yesterday was pretty water
yesterday was like t-shirt I don't know
what I'm supposed to do I'm talking
about the fact that I look like I don't
know what I'm supposed to do no return
with the weather oh really
I have no idea what I'm supposed to do
go somewhere but I'm here like I feel
like I should be able to do something so
do you see it's a tiny little reticle in
the middle of the screen a little white
dot yeah point edit things and see if it
says to do anything oh okay somebody
says get inside the asylum okay so
there's nothing going on in the SIL room
okay just room that felt like that was
what I was supposed to do but very nice
keep going okay I want for my headphones
back on okay for maximum spookiness oh
wait
Oh asshole says there's nothing there
darlin come on listen to how I sell
that's at the top button there you go
rich is a cub hater because he has no
soul no I may come here because the Cubs
are the equivalent the baseball
equivalent of a clown car oh they go out
and feel they go there there do feed
brightly colored uniforms on and they
they do for round forbidden everybody
laughs I mean goes on them at the end of
the day sure is that that little white
dot like I have to like if I want to
push one of these buttons I have to have
it right on there button you probably
just can't push one of those okay if
they'll give you a little more leeway
right yes okay there's nothing here
there will be big a big thing and that
people you fascinated by this well this
is this is this is atmosphere right you
know I'm gonna say I do like the
atmosphere this like I'm just walking
around there you hear like weird things
in the distance it's kind of spooky but
I'm not good at playing games so I don't
know what I'm supposed to be doing as
mike says there was someone up in one of
the windows we will see that's
decimation points oh and we look up
there's a window but I don't know where
I'm supposed to go or or I'm supposed to
do all right I'll just keep wandering
around the site there you go all right
I'm putting my headphones back on okay
do it do it rich did you see the the
Avengers trailer no I have not they're
asking us what we thought about it I
mean it's the trailer makes no
difference
Trey yeah I'm interested in trailers for
movies I haven't seen yeah but they say
necessarily tell you what the end
results gonna be well not only that but
the same people who are making Avengers
2 made the first Avengers yeah it's
going to be a very similar movie and I
enjoyed Avengers so it's like if you
enjoyed the first movie the second
because it's being made by the exact
same people you remember how awesome the
teaser trailer was for the Phantom
Menace
I do yeah yeah yep
you can't trust trailers right trailers
are an advertisement they are meant to
show the best and the brightest can't
trust them yes the Hulkbuster armor did
look amazing but it doesn't matter it's
gonna be a good movie I'm gonna go see
it I'm more excited about the Marvel
third-wave announcement all of their
third wave movies Black Panther movie it
gets a really stable
Captain Marvel like this some exciting
stuff is gonna happen and what Everidge
Marvel saturation at some point yes
you mean our marvel over centuries yes
yes this is true unless they keep
they've been doing a pretty good job of
making diverse movies tonally tone to
leave diverse movies and so as long as
they keep making them totally diverse
it'll be a while before we hit that over
saturation point I believe did you hear
I don't know this rumor or what did you
hear who they cast as Doctor Strange No
Benedict Cabbage Patch really that's
what I've heard he does I think that's a
fine choice I mean he would be a
fantastic
Benedict Cumberbatch - fresh come on
Cabbage Patch
why do you know I'm reading Oh are they
hold push down on the on the right
joystick the stick No
so the sticks you can press down oh
there we go there yeah you know like
there was they were talk about handlers
talk about a lot of people I'm waiting I
also don't care about dr. strange just
cuz know that he's a magic I've always
liked dr. strange yeah yeah what's the
cause of those weird Steve Ditko visuals
yeah okay I agree that I like the art
yeah but I as a character I've never
brain we get into him just cuz like
magic you know it performs a vital role
in the Marvel Universe sure sure sure
other characters are having magic
problems they have somebody they can
talk to don't fight like an evil
magician guy what do i do Doctor Strange
oh say hooba-dooba d-david either
everybody's everybody's typing their own
benedict cumberbatch name now I really
enjoy I've asked cinnamon toast and
crunch grunkle Stan oh my god there
isn't scared were you scared it kind of
worked
oh good Oh what happened yeah you'll see
in a second rich brother
I kind of know where all the lights work
I think there was a noise scared to I
heard a big noise do you think of the
rumors that that Sonia Marvel are going
to come together around man
Oh spider-man's go oh that's a fan I
gotta say I'm gonna pause it for a
second here yeah the atmosphere is
working for me that's great I'm a bad
like I don't understand like was this
what is this called when I'm have to use
both these things they was asking if
there was a specific name for both
walking and looking at the same time I'm
not used to this I don't play games like
this so I like I understand that for
people watching tonight my movement is
probably kind of clunky yeah um so I'm
it's it's taking a little bit to get
used to that but wandering around this
place it's spooky like the did you guys
play alien isolation with headphones on
I did yes in the dark I don't I don't
know about any isolation but this is
kind of neat it's like like living in a
horror movie okay I have no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing but no this is
great okay
Jays Jays using an Xbox 360 controller
by the way everyone okay all right oh my
god the dirt is closed this is adorable
the door closed and now it's like that's
creepy
yeah I'm kind of liking this I don't
know what the objective is but because I
wasn't paying attention when they
explained it sure sure
if if there are rumors of Marvel and
Sony coming together I don't believe it
yeah I don't either there's no way I can
see where Sony would want that though Oh
is there spider-man is faltering
absolutely and it's not you know it's
making money yeah but it's dropping it's
not making as much money maybe as much
money as Marvel movies are making I see
if I mean it would benefit them they
come up some kind of deal because Marvel
I'm sure wants to have spider-man in
there brother
I'm cinematic universe and Sony would
very much like to pump more life in
spider-man that would you know you know
ideally Marvel would want a role in
spider-man again oh my god this guy down
there oh my god I'm putting my
headphones back on for X I'm spooking
into it
do it do it it would benefit both
companies Oh Jay your camera has
batteries and you're still looking for
your camera right now
no that's right hey you know just as a
joke I just want a dead body what are
you yelling to me about your camera has
a battery oh yeah
turn the camera okay yeah I got spooked
by a jump scare but so that was good
enough atmosphere to keep on yeah it
works like a jump scare just if I didn't
care what was happening yeah it would
not work but that works great okay now
you feel like that phone okay now can
you get back Kalen says this is this is
to enjoy won't go back to playing shitty
games
we can't now hojae's into it oh no my
battery
oh fuck I better get outta here my
battery's gonna die and I'm gonna be
stuck in a room with the corpse oh fuck
I can't see where I'm at
there we go oh god this is great Jay
Bruce I do I do approve I wish I was
better
Ashley like gameplay but you get used to
desert using a controller to move yeah
it again after a while somebody says get
out of there Jay
I'm out of there this is what Jay needed
to be scared by horror game
holy shit that was great I'm gonna see
it the second Oh
oh that's neat
does this look like it's more exciting
than alien isolation it does okay it
really does as I saw in the chat some
people were comparing this but yeah well
it's probably a similar gameplay wise
this is genuinely the atmosphere looks
scarier which is one of the problems
with excess security oh no I missed what
that told me to do you can press the the
this button escape the asylum access
security controlling to unlock the main
door
oh no we're security control get me out
of here
can we get out of here that button again
oh I meant that baha okay go down to
close them come on Lambie maybe they
want you to look at the notes and
documents Jan wants to tell you to look
for extra batteries okay all I'm doing
is wandering around because it's Moody
and fun yeah right press the red button
there you go
that's right button there yeah yeah yeah
okay I gotta get in here
or maybe not give me that give me give
me
you're a reporter
all right my new objective is to get out
of this place
that's a fine object that's what it's
said to do so I'm probably going the
wrong direction to do so but oh maybe
not
probably
No
we're talking about something you're not
my marvel or you were talking about
marvel I'm them genuinely drawn in by
the game I don't know where I have to
find some security booth or something
but everything's so dark I can't tell
where I'm going let me just go here
there seems to be like monitors and
stuff over there to your left
well that's right oh yeah there's that
but it's so dark I can't see if I'm
supposed to get in there somehow or oh
it's all boarded up is there if you
press that that start button again
documents I don't know what these mean
well I don't know what the gameplay is
I'm just wandering around I know I'm
supposed to get out of here but I have
to find how do I get out again give me I
hear the red button there we go yeah red
button get out of it
access security control to unlock the
main doors so I got to find laughs they
have to find security control I was
there was this but there's nothing here
plant no clue what I'm so Cindy oh wait
there's the door I'm supposed to go in
here where it's really dark I don't like
that mmm
nothing here well anywhere
I just keep exploring oh that's creepy
boy something on that monitor yeah how
do I get over there oh it's a screen
saver let's say yellow light right
behind you that doorway there out all
over the light whoo there's just blood
everywhere on the floor don't slip homie
tronic bear bye
Oh guys it going thing all right you
left bloody foot you saw something else
glowing peak hold LT I don't know what
those buttons are are the triggers Oh to
peak oh I see like peak around corners
okay just to make sure nothing's there
it's not the idea yeah though it's like
things chase you you can oh sure he
count
Oh going into the dark Oh was this uh-oh
he's moving okay this is a bad idea to
go up to him probably okay bye
Oh - close the door
impressing necks
I want to let me close the door why do
you want to close the door because
there's creepy people in here
yeah but they can I never they're right
there
something Bad's gonna happen here
they're just hanging out
are they trying to kill no they're
apparently oblivious to me that's
actually really weird what's in so which
is a good thing
yeah working yeah starting to get a
little frustrated cuz I don't know what
the fuck is happening
I had no idea where I'm going does it
give you an option to talk to them all
it doesn't prompt anything like I should
get ya know they just BP atmosphere guys
yeah
it keeps it wants me to close this door
someone was saying that you are standing
in a doorway before also the third you
just might not be able to go then why
would it prompt me of the thing turn
around try to close I can get out of the
doorway now but then there we go okay I
don't know what that accomplished but
y-yeah see now I'm just starting to get
annoyed because this door couch under
the door in the back where exclamation
point exclamation point crouched under
which door in what back Jay on the couch
coach Oh Oh back ok so I gotta go back
to that room is what they're saying
alright I'll go back there people I'll
listen to you Oh Mac hunker down okay
I'm gonna do it we're listening guys but
you've also given us terrible advice in
the best high resonance peloton yeah
yeah we're moving skeleton and all that
says hey resistance
there was a door that had boards across
so that you should crawl under yeah yeah
I'm there now oh okay oh no I'm going
into darkness there are no here's
another car no just I have this guy
weighs it think I was gonna thing okay
at the keycard now
all right so now I probably got to go
back to the main entrance this is
frustrating the people that know how to
play video games like wandering around
like an idiot no you know like watching
you struggle with the controls is
frustrating just because look but it's
not frustrating because like I want to
do better it's just like I want you to
be more comfortable okay ah you fucker
oh that's it you know he just bit me or
something hey zombies I don't know he
just attacked me and then he fell all
over it was creepy
yeah that was really creepy it keeps
telling me to close these doors I don't
know if it makes a difference but okay
now I can't show my friends what about
Cameron Oh close the fucking doors I
mean I'm okay with that yeah yeah and I
have a keycard
yes this time you probably have to find
it like now the keycard is the just the
access to the security thing yeah up
there but that's the car probably opens
up another thing well what's back there
do you come from back there yeah I've
already been through there oh you know
there is a sex it down here oh yeah
maybe doesn't look like there's any sort
of keycard access oh well now you can
tell if they're saying you can use the
computer now oh okay okay thank you
thick the birthday boy I love that you
leave bloody footprints everywhere yeah
that's cool all right
I'm at the computer now what
nope nothing way up this computers is
nope
the key card gives you access to the
spice Channel that doesn't help
yeah nothing here Oh dick the birthday
boy was just making a joke no we were
listening to you don't don't make jokes
I don't know what I'm doing lot please
ignore my advice from now on we will
dick what do we say
what do we say about my solution what do
we say yeah I know I'm sort of
frustrated we should play viscera
cleanup detail that would be amusing for
five minutes but you heard of that one
Jack yes okay yes it does look very
funny look at that sign look at that
time what sign that sign
oh you're scared you're okay sign oh no
then uh you know this Jay is immersed
yeah I am I am i I had both my
headphones on earlier the game was
creepier but now just because I've been
getting frustrated with a game play I've
had one and one side of the headphone
off so I can hear people but yeah but I
I will say this is somewhat immersive
I'm gonna go in the bathroom I'm going
on in here all right bye bathroom
ooh that's cool
hello that's a replacement battery for
your camera
gimme you love by pressing the Y button
okay gimme security yeah get me out of
here security why is battery life so
horrible in video games it's horrible in
real life bad I mean that was that was
pretty bad yeah no I would have lasted
significantly they line than that but
I'm gonna close this door so nothing
comes in after me they couldn't possibly
open a door I don't know maybe I'll
close the door let me close the dark
yeah you can't be standing in its way it
up okay this is the part that frustrates
me I feel like I should be able to close
the door now yeah yeah alright I'm not
closing the door okay because the game
doesn't want me to I guess
the batteries on my DSLR are terrible I
think I can only film for like 15-20
minutes at a time
really yeah oh but I mean it's this very
small battery oh no oh no restart the
generator and the basement
Oh No I'd in the locker oh don't try to
fight it
oh I see
no that's creepy oh no it's like duck or
something oh no he's just not gonna
check this locker only check the one Oh
No
oh no I didn't mean to do that trying to
make him doc I thought maybe the guy
would turn around I'd have to be dunking
but I don't think I had enough room to
duck in there
okay back to this let's try this again
this is why they were telling us this is
exactly what they do
no well no like hiding in lockers oh
yeah it's a big part of alien isolation
so guys it's not like alien isolation
alien isolation is like this it's done
first
all right this come on first yes this is
cooler yes this is going guy also I
think like if you were playing on insane
and difficulty you would have had to
start the game all over okay just now
can but that was probably oh thanks Chad
that was a wise move done how long do
you think I should wait in here is he
good
I think he's gone still hear him out
turn speed says try to fight him no the
game's telling me not to fight him okay
he's gone OOP no I don't know
a small person you have to be to squeeze
in laundering she's got a small I am a
tiny man let me pick up that thing we
already talked about the Marvel
announcements yeah where were you like
10 minutes ago that you guys get on the
ball here
they're getting bored with me playing
this game Oh second this is the Jay was
just talking about not being able to get
immersed in horror movies anymore he's
getting him I'm more immersed in this
game than I have been in most reason or
movies right so deal with it jet we're
converting Jay well Owen called a half for
listen small steps yeah I feel no need
to convert you wide you're having a good
experience I am I'm enjoying this yeah
I'm glad after the frustrating Friday
the 13th experience I don't know I guess
okay alright I gotta find the generator
right where am I supposed to get one
that's probably in the basement area
I had like video sure but I got to
figure out how to get there honey yep
they're great maybe Jay might enjoy
alien it's possible lemon join us Hey
Jonah's underscore thanks for
subscribing we really appreciate it
wasn't there a thing on the wall over
here that gave directions to such a
different part of this room maybe it was
on the other side of the room wait I
don't know where you are right now
I mean that mean lobby area that I was
in earlier but now all the lights are
off oh sure yeah there was a thing over
there oh there you go
is it oh yeah here we go
let's don't help me well I collect
electric room I guess that's where I
want to go okay has anyone played this
game nobody here has I have it's
happening right now yeah no I the store
is open now wasn't open before yesterday
when I tweeted when I tweeted out we
were looking for suggestions for horror
games outlast was one of the most
suggested yeah yeah and so we we got it
today like literally I wasn't I was
installing it as we were setting up the
stream today though it's part of what we
were waiting for him really yeah yeah
while we were listening to rock to jazz
music this is what I was tutoring I was
downloading this game so this is the
first time we've ever played it good
night Jim hey Tim thanks for coming out
oh and this this is a game I think I
could get behind I'm I'm down with the
atmosphere of this game okay wait what
turn on a to cast fun how do I do that
oh so much but how how do I do that
you gotta find him oh it's not just it's
not just right it's not just right there
saying telling you what button to press
you have to go look for what button to
press I can head out on your own you
don't have a magic locator device I
would say that's a good and bad thing I
mean it's probably good for the sake of
the gameplay but but you don't know
where to go but I have no idea where to
go
right both of them are dead good night
goin thank you for stopping by
okay guys one day I'm gonna meet you
I only on this one battery hope it
doesn't die um is it totally dark down
there yeah it's complete complete
blackness yeah but I have no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing okay I mean no
I know what I'm supposed to be doing but
OOP yeah oh just keep looking around all
right you'll find it oh no my battery's
gonna die and then I'm fucked yeah yeah
oh man I'm so fucked
it's telling me to hide though so I will
do that but you can just hide in
anything oh really
they won't prompt that just it'll prompt
that even if someone's not coming after
me right yeah okay you can hide in any
Locker oh all right oh what's this
did you find it Tom something over areas
that even have them would apply that
something might come around at some
point yeah just the fact that they're
there oh yeah you did one thing he's got
a poem I got one thing on but my
battery's gonna die they're saying in
that oh there might be a thing on the
ground in here is that it I'm trying to
conserve my yeah they're saying you
missed a thing the thing on the ground
what did I miss what'd I miss
and is it a battery oh no you have more
batteries reload oh you fucker
he got me a my dad oh he he died me who
died you all right dad you heavens okay
where am I now
what part of the game is this chant is
saying they told you to hide bastards
they said if I gave you bad advice there
is a bit of a boy it probably would have
been then you've done him any good just
true that's true there is a delay no no
the game told him to hide her oh you're
talking about hiding in the lockers and
I said no they just tell you that all
the time it's true it is true oh there's
someone yelling who's there that's
creepy
then ain't it together look out for
people maybe in that first room okay
yeah this is the room that I turned on
before but sure and when you turn it on
it probably makes a noise so after you
turn it on you probably want to get in
that locker somebody sitting on the
ground is a battery on the ground in
this room I dolly
all I know is what I read yeah walking I
don't see anything
maybe oh no I don't want idea get me out
of here turn the thing on and then I'll
hide yeah I get it now
shop a camera - yeah they might see
oh he's in the room isn't he where is he
did you hear I heard footsteps
nope there is a vaguely see letter yes
yeah this is creepy they're saying on
the ground in this room as a matter okay
wait till this guy leaves and it'll look
some more it's hard to tell when he's
gone are people enjoying this yeah yeah
okay I feel like I've enjoyed it but I
feel like that would mean that people
are phim feeling isolated good we're not
talking over something right now what
we're doing Jay isn't like an actual
okay this is what normal gaming streams
do they put oh really
a little bit I'm gonna talk a lot in
playable David they don't talk about dog
condiment favorites and uh all right I'm
probably safe to leave this snare and
I'm gonna do it
somebody's asking us what the best movie
we've discovered from best of the worst
is the best movie or like like actual
good movie like this one we've enjoyed
the most yeah extra extra I would say
all right where is this battery it kind
of doesn't look up a little bit in
glance at the floor in general and you
should see something glowing look up a
little bit more see nothing glowing this
in the other room
kind of dammit my battery's gonna die Oh
God free wreck is starting to become
functional oh wait oh to hide alright
there's no battery in here
and I'm gonna die yeah you have to go to
the other room probably there might be
bad fucking wait what is that next to
hide again I would hide again oh no I'm
so fucked
pretty fucked what what what just
happened I have no idea door closed
oh no there we go oh if you haven't go
do I have another battery oh I do
oh nevermind mm-hmm now I'm just
oriented us to where it Manto you're in
the other room yeah me oh yeah there we
go oh hey there's the thing
all right oh do I got a hide again
probably this shit there's nowhere to
hide hide by the door maybe like next to
the door and he might pass you now turn
your camera off go get it
I don't know oh yeah oh you got me my
god like in this kind of situation you
wanna find a place like a brownish
turnout hi do under the bed down into
the bed oh you guys there's a delay I
mean the bed would have been a really
good place we see that now all right why
does it go here start to make your
omelet
yeah starting to figure out more of what
I'm supposed to be doing yeah and yeah
like you can tell you're moving a little
slow the smoother you're getting more
comfortable with the controls that was
locked
swinging dead bodies yeah I like it
I mean I like it but you know what I
mean
yeah you enjoy the aesthetics
I don't like swinging dead bodies oh
they're saying um if you press certain
buttons you can kick him in the crotch
and run like hell I don't believe that
sorry Crouch crouch crouch get under
there oh shit I can't get out of there
next time oh oh there we go okay
no idea if he's in the room cuz I can't
see anything
yeah which room has the battery Locker
or bed tell us these things well it
can't be the locker room I wonder if
he's in here avenge the lemony cold
since it's like watching a real horror
movie
you show instructions and they are
useless we'll hear them eventually don't
go in to roof night mr. dumpster
somebody said Jade did another good
thing huh yeah and then I can start
buying the door oh oh oh no oh fuck oh
he's gonna get me look up see it is
there's a place to hide
oh no no he's down goddamnit
Walker oh damn it
so what yeah how do I hide from him then
so I hid from him but then he was just
outside that other door yeah so what you
probably needs to do is before you turn
on the generators do a quick scan of the
room and look for another hiding place
but that was I I was do I hit in that
room right and then I left that room he
was just out in the main area that's I'm
saying make a scan of the main area Oh
find a hiding place out there yeah and
then and then now you know that he'll be
at the other door so you can maybe like
figure out a way to work around him you
know it seems like it's program so that
when you hit like a butter but you have
to hit that it's programmed for a
monster to show up around then yeah see
why be ready before him yeah why can't I
get up here now there we go
okay looking around this room other
people are saying if you do get caught
you can run away and hide again yeah oh
okay so like run back into the room I
was already in yeah okay no see I'm
hoping maybe there's like a locker or
something in here but apparently not
no this is the bed oh you mean in the
main area and then right there yeah all
right here we go yeah
no what's that thing oh it's just just a
cherry well they want Jack to tell you
this one I'm gonna tell you this if you
can use the trigger buttons to run oh to
run okay but running things allowed but
if you're running from monster if he's
already seen you I think it's acceptable
yeah
somebody else wants to be the backseat
game for you okay so they're saying
there's no real hiding places in the
main room but if you crouch walk
you won't hear you coming like that's
you slowly walking though they're
stealth walk oh there he is that was
really creepy
like silhouette with that pale green
light you genuinely creepy somebody's
saying it's not the trigger it's the
oldie but it's one of the buttons on top
okay probably the left side the one
that's not the truth or I'm trying to
trigger the boom that's what they're
telling me
yeah okay okay
oh yeah Oh God we're gonna do you broke
it
Gabe Ellensburg says use q wo and P to
run which is mildly abusive
pop yeah crouch again yeah so no that's
you slowly walk I hear him he's pounding
on that door yeah now you may be able to
like
I think he's gone open the battery ok
gizmo slowly you have that extra battery
oh that's right I do
damnit we don't grab the battery because
we don't know where yeah I have not seen
a battery I'm sorry ah oh fleshy patch
has a good suggestion if you get the
flower you can shoot fireballs I don't
believe that all right let's try this
again
I'm starting to get a little annoyed
sure well yeah this is just one of those
things where because you're not a gamer
you you're not comfortable with the
control sure yeah that I'm gonna go to
this door first instead this is the room
of the locker okay see what happens when
we open this one first
oops
and you get two hits before you die
so if you can run after getting hit once
you may have time to hide again oh okay
well he's playing it hard so I don't
know that super oh sure that's true
also there are less batteries in hard
mode so this battery that you talking
about my mom is there oh sure
oh they're also saying you can only beat
him with kindness I don't think he's
right I don't I don't believe that I
think that's really funny
there's still a third thing I got a turn
on - yeah somewhere yeah oh and they're
saying that the bad guys can't see your
camcorder light when you record oh okay
so I can keep that on if you want you
can look at them you know make sure
they're all right so venturing back out
people plushie patch says I commend you
Jay I would have thrown the controller
against the wall 20 minutes ago that oh
I just saw him he's over there I gotta
get to this other room before he does
I mean did you see you know thanks you
son of a bitch I was under the bag if he
saw you crawl under the bed how many
times if I gonna try and do this before
I give up Oh creepy
it started creepy now this stuff is
getting a little repetitive right trying
to do the same thing over this this is
just but that's probably mostly
attributed to me there not being good at
this yeah they're saying you have to
rock how do I run again the one that's
not the trigger or the left side that
doesn't do it hold it down what are you
moving see what happens yeah oh yeah
okay
yeah well flip Mega Man one of these
days wait Oh Mega Man I still want to
play Doom 3 obviously won't be tonight
right
but it could be tonight oh I'm hungry I
haven't eaten since 3 yeah you know a
weird eating schedule I don't why don't
you eat before the stream or bring
something whenever Jack's setting up you
could be eating well cuz I ate it 3 and
we're setting up or something you don't
think three hours after the last time I
ate yeah but you could also like bring
something I don't think of these things
I'm not a normal human being they say
these are just things to you know keep
in your brains for next time it's like
these things can go along sometimes they
don't but they can then sometimes you
start playing outlast exactly this is I
was really nervous about this because I
- yeah
heylia's yeah it's like oh it's just and
but it's like I guess I can see like I
didn't I haven't played alien but like
hiding in lockers and shit like that I
can
well and it's like I think this game
addresses most of our major complaints
yeah yeah so that is all we won't turn
it into a thing well I'm sorry that
you're poor I don't know why you're
mentioning that and the chat but but
it's okay don't worry about nothing I
would like to see this game played with
Octodad people's Oh
busy again wait did he find me again
fuck you
here's what you have to do here's what I
believe you have to do damn it I'm
running I'm running I'm running from you
you asshole
trapped Timbits here's what I'm guessing
I'm guessing after you turn on the first
machine you have to sneak past him
I can't run and so like you know it's
it's video game logic which means if
he's looking that way you can crawl walk
pass so you have to kind of like be slow
watch his movements okay and try to get
I'm gonna I'm gonna give it one more
shot one more shot and after that I'm
done as much as I'm enjoying this
yeah I'm getting a little frustrated and
they're very excited that you were
running though yeah yeah
alright I'm gonna do did we discover
there was nothing in this first room no
both of the rooms you're going to have
generators no but this room here this is
the first room I always lock my door oh
that's right this is a locked one mine
okay alright I'm gonna go into this
first room I can get around this block
there
oh wait why am I not what why are you're
not hiding anymore hide you stupid
asshole did you why did you help alright
okay I don't know what's happening
that's all right but what to hide and
then it kept making me come out from
another bed that's weird hey one more
shot alright one more shot where I don't
keep coming out of the bed or no breeze
you want to see if you can switch the
difficulty down a bit
no not now it was earlier in the game
maybe but I've been playing it for this
long on this level so let's keep playing
see this part here I'm trying to do this
generator shit feels less like like an
immersive horror movie experience and
more like trying to play a video game
yeah which is somewhat annoying well
especially because yeah you can't get
the timing right yeah now you're
figuring out the math and not alone yeah
alright I'm not gonna touch any buttons
just go sit here yeah I think what might
have been happening is you might have
been trying to look around but you might
have moved the move stick and now makes
oh probably because there's a move stick
and it looks yes
that's the thing the video games have
now yes these days
there he is
a lot of people saying close the fucking
door oh you know what when I go in one
of the rooms if I closed the door behind
me that'll slow them down a bit I
couldn't try that I can try that I'm
crouched crouching down
yeah
OOP that's not what I want to do okay
you know cuz yeah you got a whole room
here so see if you can find him
where is he found him oh where is he
did he pound on that out of the door
he's pounding on the door probably
pounding on that other door again oh no
he's not there you might beat it your
camera has limited range can you zoom in
you can but I don't remember what button
hit to do it okay all right I'm gonna
stand up and I'm gonna run to the next
room nope there is this Jake CPEC he
didn't see it get back underneath the
bed no I'm doing I'm frustrated that's
okay I'm gonna give this a shot oh you
want right how can I do this the show
dart played on insane mode no just leave
that there okay scoot over yet again in
the middle see ya a proper immersion
experience oh my god okay jack is about
to get immersed first thing we have to
do come on okay I'm going to run the
batteries to a crouch jump somebody's
saying they sent you an FTL with the
zoltán shield twin Vulcan ship that I
talked about yes I was I I have not
talked to rich about that yet that
sounds basic they they sent me a save
file yeah that has the exact ship that
you want sweet
look at the out of my system finally
I've been trying to get that combination
tonight it just hasn't happened
sure
the rln firm
oh you're playing the anti-bill worst
open I have a Nero clinic yeah yeah yeah
no but you're trying to play I'll wait
for Jacob smackers
I can hear them breathing no no that's
me breathing oh there is spooky guy
spooky guy being spooky
keep asking about shadows of them I
don't have a good answer for ya I
haven't played it a fan of suda51 but I
haven't played that particular game does
have the disadvantage of being a console
exclusive shooter and I hate playing
shoes with a gamepad so there's that oh
my god
shit shit shit shit alright so here's a
chat question okay the RL improves in a
classic slasher movie obviously jesse
survives and how long does everyone else
last what water oh God
well you're first to go Frisch yeah yeah
you're gonna be first to go
I'm coming really they don't keep me
around for a little bit longer
no well okay no I need the first to go
because I'm the most bland so you're
second to go that's all right
dammit are we including jacket let's do
a second job
oh that's a big cast yes that that makes
it harder Mike could be second to last
mmm because he's practical so I think me
but the first to go maybe you'd be the
first thing I'd definitely be me you'd
be the pre-credit kill yeah oh
absolutely
and Josh somewhere in the middle okay
okay okay came in that way
somebody's saying isn't rich the killer
no these aren't batteries these are cans
the murderer is that guy with the
crocodile Brian coming yeah he's upset I
keep seeing this come up jeff goldblum
simulator do you guys know what this is
no no I've seen that a couple times
oh here he comes creepy man
Jack would die psycho style so in the
shower people keep saying the battery is
in there but Alan I'm gonna keep saying
fuck them you know what I don't need
your fuckin battery I'm just fine on my
own it's fine
yeah you're doing more sneaking around
than I was yes
now damn it
ah
that horror music is for realsies yeah
it was great earlier I'd go into certain
rooms and like the creepy ME at droning
would get louder and it was that put you
on edge I'm gonna give this one more
girl I don't feel like I'm comfortable
enough knowing the game yet super go
button
yeah you didn't start off just wandering
around yeah but I you can't get all the
way around this generator right I never
went the other way around it's I dunno I
mean yeah you just did so oh that's the
jump button alright we can do this get
out of that bed yeah we're doing it get
in there save an the battery whoo yeah
that's what I did
I'd under the bed and save that battery
I like seeing him though save in the
battery book cool but I'm recording oh
well limited battery endless tape
and now I can okay so crouch oh fuck
fuck
but can I punch them can I punch them is
the fucking door are you running from
them
yeah I'm running from oh okay get in
there and close the door behind you
nope buy you some time Oh No yeah so not
really just keep running
I can run but I don't know what to do
after that sure
Oh ha way worried I don't know I just
ran over here oh you know he must have
can't come out the locked door hmm oh
yeah okay that makes it hi hi I'm done
I'm done but I I could I could see me
liking something like this I enjoyed
this game except for when I got
frustrated but that was more of my lack
of understanding with the atmosphere in
the yeah that is creepy
mm-hmm glad we got to play a genuinely
creepy game on her creepy Halloween
um are you saying that the Friday the
13th game didn't then the whole though
that was scary for different reasons did
you not watch us playing real horror
stories that was the highlight of the
night I think that was an amazing game
that was not a game that was a joke that
was an absolute joke that was 100%
together a puzzle Jack yeah yeah I write
those they die when you put together the
puzzle you have to do it again and
that's the game it's a must not have put
together hard enough the first time
those pieces together before the the
ghost face guy before the Ghostface
Killah gotcha oh Jesus Christ
all right well great hey everybody
thanks for coming out to this spooky
spooky what I call the super spooky
scary Halloween dreams I have a happy
and safe Halloween
and yeah happy Halloween new best of the
worst tomorrow uh-oh today it's actually
after midnight and our neck of the woods
sometime in the next 12 hours they'll be
anyone who will it be spooky I can't
confirm so you can ban me then wake up
there'll be a Halloween treat if you've
all been good boys and girls well if
you've all been okay boys though really
they all get to see it so even if they
haven't been a good boy or girl yeah
it'll still be up because of the ones
that were she can't exclude you know
you're probably right there is no way to
exclude who can actually make the video
play properly there's your lesson
everybody yeah yeah right the coattails
of the people who are doing things right
if you can't do anything yourself just
latch on to someone it'll be correct
stay quiet and sneak in there you'll get
the treat to do you know people keep
mentioning PT yeah Silent Hill
PT you call them VT because that's
fucking retarded there's a Silent Hill
gets a silent okay that's a fucking demo
it's a demo it's a fuckin devil call it
a fucking demo it's a demo and for
another no that's it well definitely not
tonight people keep asking about it I
know what it meant it's and it's free
for PS Plus members and for the
PlayStation 4 which we have and I am a
PlayStation Plus member as I had rich
bring the ps4 just in case things went
all shit wire with the computer ah which
of course it did we got it working so
yeah I've heard now right things I guess
but it's a demo it's it's it's literally
like like the opening level of this game
that's what it would have been oh okay
it's not a full game but it would have
been free so just fine mmm so
everything's fine we're not gonna play
it tonight is that we're gonna board
wrapping up if you hadn't noticed if we
tried to play another game that would be
downhill after all
last absolutely our last was was
genuinely neat yes yeah when did this
come out hold on let me go to the page
here
last year this year no last year I know
a year it is shut up came out last year
September 4th 2013 yeah that's neat will
do Dhoom 3 some other night
yes we will have we will have a doom 3
night all doom 3 all the time hot doom 3
action hi
that's it alright oh my god who's doing
that what where does that it go oh my
god it's a go
