Episode 110
Monaco Savings Time
November 15, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-gjqbZojig
___________________________________________

you once heard people praise grownups
too I just I don't believe you I think
you're lying to us that's gonna be fine
your perspective is all yes critique my
mspaint drawings more I am gonna work on
both line brain and crocodile brain
emoticons they're probably gonna look
similar to this maybe I'll have rich
draw them because rich actually can draw
I work with a guy who loves grownups -
I'm so sorry I'm really sorry
you
what director has got better later in
their career that's a good question
you know I think any director who got
better later in their career was also
good early on right where it's like you
can look hold on for a second biscuit is
trapped in here
sorry but this cave got trapped I had to
let model um you know like early
scorsese's a little rough and later
Scorsese is just perfect and beautiful
Tarantino once he got money just
polished polished everything up
visca cam absolutely there you know
there's a lot I'm trying to think of a
like a director who was bad at one point
and then and then got good I don't know
biscuits on board right
why Sanderson you know like what
Sanderson like if you look at bottle
rocket you could see what Rhett Wes
Anderson was going to become and I think
he perfected it with Royal Tenenbaums
but really that was just kind of like
polish that wasn't like getting better
that was like having the resources to
achieve his vision who's a director that
was bad that got good
who said polish was good polish can be
good
is good polishing their ideas not
necessarily like apology I'm making it
look good it was just like solidifying
your vision as a director Wes Craven
right bottle rocket is greater than
Rushmore is greater Grinnell that's not
true bottle rocket is not the best mm
Tenenbaums is the best Rushmore is a
very close second
classic Spielberg or modern scorsese
classic Spielberg 100% classic Spielberg
that man had imagination I I really like
classic Spielberg
modern scorsese is great I mean he's
just always great modern Scorsese slash
any Scorsese is great Scorsese but
classic Spielberg oh man that's my Jam's
how is Zelda coming along fine is rich
back yet and radar you back in
he's not rich is not back in rich
someone's asking house-elves is coming
along the Zelda episode we actually just
shot the discussion over the weekend
so I'll start editing it hopefully I can
have something out later this week
the interesting things are interesting
so that is all I will say we I don't
want to spoil the the review for you
we'll talk about it after after the
reviews up we can talk about it more in
depth
when is space cop coming out tomorrow
space cop is coming out tomorrow
spoiler alert they just shot the last
scene this afternoon so Jay and Mike are
dual editing tonight tomorrow morning
I'll probably get some roughs and start
doing effects work and it'll be out
tomorrow afternoon possibly like early
evening
I didn't see love and monsters so I
don't know what breed is my cat my cat
is a Siberian IVA I have a long-haired
Siberian cat which which means which
means that he's hypoallergenic what they
were asking who's there who is this nice
um so the reason that my cat is a
Siberian is because he's hypoallergenic
and I have friends and family including
rich Evans who are allergic to cats so I
got one specifically so rich could still
hang out at my house and he has yet to
be over the big jerk the cats of my
friend bought a cat I told him it was a
fucking asshole it would it would be
fine yeah I've had people over who are
allergic to cats and they've been fine
with no medication you're gonna be fine
fine the special peanuts it'll be fine
it'll be fine
I used Windex on that all of the
surfaces it'll be fine no I'm sorry
important question of why are a lot of
the old rlm videos not working anymore
old blanket reviews aren't working that
can't be true
if they're not up on YouTube that
they're still on the blips check about
they're fine everything's fine they're
up or you know a lot of times blip has
player issues so if if you're watching a
harlem video player and it's not working
try again the next day they have they
have server issues all the time that
blip Oh Rach when did you get here you
were you were cutting in and out and so
I I heard some random guy talk it was
weird
I just got back Oh some random guy yeah
I just heard it was really weird it was
almost demonic the signals got crossed
that could be that was probably it yeah
yeah
that was probably it okay hold on I'm
gonna okay rich let's start up Monaco
I'm starting it up starting at Monaco
right I never argue I got I never turned
it off oh well we tested this then there
you go okay Monaco coming back on I
haven't been able to get the Phantom
Menace review to play in over six months
on blip that can't be true I'll let Jay
know about that yes what the fucking man
what the fuck in Monaco I think what
you're asking is what the fuck is Monaco
Jack Monaco is a place and you can't
fuck in it I'm sure you can fuck in
Monaco but the question was what the
fuck in Monaco and I don't think that's
a real question just putting that out
there
so Monaco I have bought also by the way
I don't really know what Monaco is I
think it's a stealthy thing mmm I don't
know
are you making a Lobby or something or
you know what you're doing I am working
on it okay
are you in are you in Monaco yes okay
look at lobbies yes I am creating a
Lobby nothing is there and check now
right okay there's things there none are
me I'm checking again now hold on hold
on come on in they are there hey char
join the game great I have connected to
server all right what are the god say
these characters do different things
yeah so the locksmith is very fast at
picking locked stores and save the
cleaner can knock out unsuspecting
enemies the pickpocket has a pet monkey
that collects loot the lookout can
detect distant enemies while sneaking I
think I'm gonna be the lookout okay
because I want to detect distant enemies
I also know pre prereq has never
reviewed Monaco right yeah what do you
think jack cleaner or locksmith I would
say locksmith right if I can see enemies
we can sneak around I mean if you're
fast luck picker it's a good thing okay
okay hold on their story rich and I'm
not gonna skip the cutscene oh my god
they're shipping you guys off tomorrow
we I am to be deported and they will
throw Ector in a zoo relax chief I can
get us out of here jack
I'm the locksmith I should be doing
those lines oh I'm sorry
what whatever don't let me stop you the
psychopath is coming to he'd better not
make a sound okay objective escaped from
prison while the storm lasts ready yes
we're both ready here we go here we go
guys we're doing this yeah hey voices
okay push door to unlock so you just
kind of push towards it yeah okay
we've added a new guy
wait what I am hold on I'm talking to
these people you do that oh that's a
wrap
okay welcome to North oh this is
enhanced mode rich so I'm the pink one
and Rich's the blue one yeah by the way
okay
watch out for guards oh you're the
lookout so you go ahead right well
what's it rejected there's a guard right
there dear mom and Ted yes
oh I get it life as a prison guard isn't
pretty boy our objective is to get out
okay hold left trigger to sneak oh okay
then you crawl that's fun
okay okay I'm sneaking hold a to view
objects that's that's you what am i
viewing nothing can I let him out no be
what objects I don't understand why I
don't understand what I'm doing Oh maybe
there's something in here to view no
what does it say about viewing you press
a to view objects what happens when you
press a nothing and I don't get it
oh well doesn't it let's get out of here
let's go to the tunnels okay you know
what it doesn't matter is this telegin
glitch no it does kind of look like
delegate Joe this is Monaco I don't know
what the objective oh well whoa what oh
I don't know I'm just playing this you
see me yeah yeah you see yes can you
also see where the guards are or do we
need to talk to each other sure you're
the lookout which is why I'm waiting for
you to go ahead I mean you see something
that I should see do you see like any
guards right now yeah and can you see in
my
feel the viewer in no apparently
apparently not okay so now I see your
garden now I don't okay yeah there are
guards I do see those fist icons yes and
the red yes so I'm assuming that's from
you yes oh okay there we go hacked the
thing it's the street level yeah we
probably want to go to street level
great I think we did it
maybe nope
I'm constantly sneaking I don't know
about you but I have not let go of the
sneak button what the heck why isn't
that card to sing us are we overhead is
that the deal
what guard there's a guard underneath
this no that's a prisoner whatever he
doesn't he doesn't care for sneaking out
of here so if a guard chases us we just
need to break line of sight Oh almost to
find some kind of exits okay wait yeah
there's again oh yeah but it shows us
right where the exit is OOP okay
infirmary all right it's sneaky sneaky
what am I Oh what did you do what trips
alarm just lets go nosy escape man get
in the van there is a garden there's a
girl
oh no get out of it you're in the van
I'm in the van okay I'm in the vents oh
I don't I don't think that went well
okay let's continue
we survived Jack I want well enough yeah
Dillon here oh yeah
does it say hijack at the hairpin yeah
oh great alright yeah I think I'm gonna
do the same look out
we need passports oh shit Adie mines the
pickpocket is is the is the French one
friends and I cleaner doesn't say
anything ok this is you you guys
remember the thick fellow from cellblock
we the one who dug the tunnel all right
nobody lacks up the mall mole has
freedom spoon yeah apparently he's
connected Interpol was transferring him
to Clairvaux y+ wait a hijack
where's in transport we should have all
the friends we'll ever need how was that
that's great how was my that was my
French your French was perfect there's
spot on excellent spot on I was I was
wondering if once again we were
disconnected and and uh we got our lines
clock crossed with the Frenchman look we
get guns now we do oh I got a gun can we
get two guys I mean no no it's t on gold
oh look out seems like probably the best
one yeah
okay so this is confirmed confirmed for
twin-stick right now so do we have to
kill him essentially maybe not nope but
you did look at a skeleton that's right
that's hilarious the bird saw you but
while he's Birds walked and then he
heard the bird Oh turn around oh okay
great they actually did a neat thing
there I like that
oh okay oh God
we're just in that room with him there's
no cover okay oh no no no don't go na
he's over there
I don't know how did is there like a
button to use my power what are you
doing uh I tried to pickpocket I'm gonna
just he noticed me instead oh how do you
pickpocket him okay I guess only I
thought you might be able to okay it was
an attempt it was an attempt to
pickpocket okay well I get you failed
you've endangered the mission oh and now
he's pissed now he's moving around and
he's pissed this guy with the fisty over
here okay I got this
we're getting out of here oh my god nope
they saw me they all saw me they all saw
me get out of here
I'm getting out of here you don't know
what's going on dude uh-huh oh god he's
getting at it okay here comes you can
see his fist ease though right I guess
see fifties negative your footsteps okay
oh that's right the sneak button I
forgot about the sneak button okay so we
need to get to the shoreline
Oh oh shit he's coming out invisible ink
did you not close the door it's a view
coin count I'm getting out of here I'm
going to the shoreline nope nope guess
what I'm shooting people I just kill
them what do you hold on shoot again
right trigger to shoot okay get out of
there you aim with the other stick oh
okay okay
help help what help what help me oh I
just did a thing
what do I'm purple now why am i purple
did I change characters or something
what was that are you the mole now I
seem to be purple you are purple the
mole can break through walls you've
turned into the mall Hey look over here
there's a Clint oh my god what the fuck
mean mr. mustard thank you for
subscribing hey come over here and break
through this wall oh okay
get this coin oh I see I see
come on rich get it together could you
do me a favor
oh look is there stuff down here no okay
alright never mind
go
there's stuff over here no no no what's
over here who's that guy you knocked my
my teeth oh when you smash the threads
pork that's funny
okay well fuck you guys see you later
I'm getting out of here I'm here I'm in
the boat I don't care about him I get
one what are you guys talking about the
chat getting naked
all right people do rip things okay I
don't I do have the AVGN game I got it
as part of like a bundle it was like a
humble bundle that came with it maybe we
can play that I don't know not now yeah
oh there oh look at there's like
branching stories that's fun
well you're the host so you get to pick
this shit I can't see any of what you're
doing right now oh okay well you know
there's like I can I can continue on to
the locksmiths story or I can go to the
pickpocket story oh that's neat well you
know what let's let's go a pickpocket
you tell me we are doing the pickpockets
story
inspector well they're your friend
already told me everything the prison
break did I Jack them all everything
what does the pickpocket sound like my
friend has a complicated relationship
with the truth yeah that's good are you
trying to tell me that you didn't escape
from prison that you didn't rob the
palace the museum the casino are you
doing French are you doing like what's
he know you don't Scarface I am really
bad at
salts my little friend I am so bad at
accents that they kind of shift as I'm
doing them and you didn't kill a man in
a nightclub yeah now that you've said
Latino now that you've said Scarface
that's exact I need to get back to
French that's that's a fast start at the
beginning at the hey check if you'll
check your records you'll notice the
only three prisoners release to this
meeting the night of the prison break
the mall the mall wasn't the only
prisoner that went missing at the hijack
but you rounded up all the other
prisoners from the transport oh my god
are you sure about the Varian Monica do
you really think you can tell the
difference you're slipping I know I am
between the layers of the gamblers and
thieves you're going from like Igor to
Speedy Gonzales the pickpockets
recollection of the accident scene is
quite a bit more active prepare for a
challenge
ready what am i what was that beeping
okay all right what do you mean you
idiot oh shit where who are we what's
going on Oh rich wait did you turn your
volume on suddenly there's an echo
he'll help okay
let me see if I can knock somebody out
oh my god rich you are echoing but just
behind that's nice Oh rich you must have
been pressing the chat in chat button Oh
was I doing that you were cuz there was
a terrible echo but it's okay now what
instead of sneak I hit the chat button
ah okay I don't know what I'm doing or
where I'm going who are you I'm the mole
Who am I where are we going what are we
doing where I got a gun where are we
supposed to go rich wait wait I'm gonna
from there this guy up I see where we're
supposed to go or do they wake up after
a while I guess I do god I'm dying
I'm getting out of here this is my god
nope I'm hiding I I did unlock the
Monaco railway all right I knocked out
one guard okay how do you not come out
I'm the mole can do that you just walk
up behind him
oh I cannot do that by the way knocked
out a second guard great they see me I'm
running away I'm running around this car
comically oh there you are I see that
did you see me how did you see me god
damn it get out of here house stuff fail
but whatever were you at I'm over here
I'm the I'm the guy dressed in black
hold up do you have to knock them all
out no oh well let's make way to the
damn exit oh well let's go then I
unlocked it already oh shit
[Music]
come on I like them all oh okay here we
are I like Adam oh yeah knocking people
out and his pretty clutch I wonder if
they stay knocked out oh shit getting
out of here
that was me Richard yeah I can't knock
them out when they have a question mark
over their head apparently okay that's
good to know
I fucked up I fucked that Ridge
[Music]
what did hear myself shit shit
oh hey there's like little passageways
here they don't have guns it's the
French but the guards better get more
difficult to deal with at some point
because getting caught so far is just
like nothing well that's and there I see
in the chat here they're saying how is
this a stealth game when you can simply
knock everyone out without repercussion
and I agree we have it we also like
early yet and we have guns eventually
I'm hoping they start shooting this yeah
well not I don't hope that they start
shooting as I can only assume why is it
saying like it you need help do you need
help
no okay sneaky sneaky oh shit shit shit
shit shit shit get out of here get out
of here Kevin um if anyone is curious
this soundtrack is annoying the piss out
of me there's piano music
oh that's you who's yelling for help
I don't know I don't hear anybody
yelling for help who are you oh shit I'm
trapped
shit I'm trapped shoot someone I'm gonna
shoot someone who is this guy what is
this thing I am running for my life Jack
I don't know what did I do
I I'm in a purple box now yeah why am I
in a purple box
I can't damn it I don't get this game
[Applause]
all right but you killed everybody so we
can just do whatever we want all the
time oh shit shit I'm going on a
murderous rampage I'm just looking for
an exit that's all I'm looking for oh oh
I'm out of bullets and so you can't go
on a murderous rampage all the time
Bessy run out of bullets alright we're
supposed to go here what is here what is
this what am i doing down here
I'm in a boat oh silhouetting I'm coming
I'm coming
how are we supposed to do this yes I
don't know yeah their objectives would
be nice but by the way I totally agree
when in doubt murder everyone each
other's chances would be nice yeah yeah
clear objectives would be a plus some
sort of I just have no idea what I'm
doing
let's go back what we do here
Foreign Affairs or the Lebanese embassy
Foreign Affairs or the Lebanese embassy
rich as well keep going purple the mole
well we get to choose the pickpocketer
story or the locksmiths story oh we're
done I'm looking at different screens
than you are uh add whatever you want
okay let's do the locksmiths
hey why do you keep going with a
locksmith story okay was the last one we
did was that more locksmith I don't know
the last one we did was the pickpocket
story stay in one line because I want to
see a progression of difficulty okay oh
so you are saying a gentleman that a car
and the red IDI are also under the bus
by her they've jailbirds like us the
redhead and spent money that wasn't
terrorist the cameras well he got
activities after his arrest the
considerable wealth had been confiscated
by the government it's lebanese national
most of his nick with the hair skits
from being repatriated is liquid what
assets Missy maybe his family where we
would find clothes sister where are his
reaches for being at the gentlemen is
searching for intel on his confiscated
assets prepare for a challenge
ready beep beep beep boop I guess Phil
yes we're still watching the chat I mean
have you know we're both playing and
we're watching the chat what are you
guys asking I'm hacking a computer what
does that do ooh oh oh I'm hacking
things ooh
ooh oh shit okay there's a journal what
I'm doing but I had something that's
great oh I got into like a like a like a
vent I got into some vents rich that's
pretty exciting I think shit did you
hack these things yeah do that one no
okay I just did it oh it just shuts them
down temporarily that's kind of lame
what no shit
Rick came on right as I walked by it god
damn it I'm into the vents into the
vents
[Applause]
don't do it
French guards they they really just
punch you I could punch you and hope for
the best
I kind of look okay okay just okay it's
fine whoo I'm hacking something I'm
hacking something what did I miss okay
all the guards is just stupid huh
well I think that's the point he has a
key he has a key how do I pick someone's
pocket
I just can't know I just get behind him
don't know I think we just murder him
okay no I don't have a gun he already
dropped a key I've got oh great oh this
I'm just gonna run around like a mad
person this is embarrassing
yes yes this is Oh God
here I'll distract him rich you do
whatever you gotta do
they'll chase me what's the objective I
have no idea I don't know
Oh press a for objective steal the
shipping manifest
okay well it's something okay sorry Chad
didn't hear I don't know what I'm doing
and that's a problem yes things are
happening uh-huh I don't know what I'm
doing yes oh oh you can get to a second
floor I think I'm about to get to a
second floor hey saw me so I just run
away okay and there's not really many
consequences to that no don't go down
there Joe come back shit nope too late
shit
nope and I think I'm dead he killed me
can I revive can you revive my skeleton
I'm gonna something it says hope on my
screen oh oh you can
what are you oh god what are you doing
to me there's something your bones are
performing voodoo magic okay
what I've broken this in and I'm hacking
again oh great I don't know what I don't
know what the hacking really did but I'm
hacking oh oh come over here come down
to the second floor below you that's
where I just went come over here
did that make a thing happen I don't
know I think this is where we're
supposed to go it was the only thing
down okay oh there's a gun over here I
want that gun
don't trip the wire though I can see
that all right
just there's key I'm gonna try and get
the key yeah oh I'm gonna hack a
computer okay oh my god someone thank
you whoever that was cuz I can't see the
screen for subscribing Ella Ronco thank
you for subscribing we super appreciate
it thank you for subscribing to the Jack
and Richard kind of dumb episode we
don't know what we're doing oh I think I
get it what what does what does what do
you get the hacking the hacking like
randomly gets rid of lasers just
randomly well no it like moves along a
path so you have so you're able to
access more areas where am I going now
shit shit
fuck fuck fuck get out of here yeah I
did but I think I'm gonna make it I made
it I made it to the vents it's okay yes
by the way Thank You dick the birthday
boy this is a visual metaphor for Jack
trying to set up the stream shit shit
shit okay we can just wait in here now
by the way I don't know about this game
jack I agree with you oh oh oh do you
see the arrow to main office that's what
we're supposed to go right no I don't
see that whoa I see it okay shouldn't
shit shit shit don't have a gun no I
don't have a gun I'm just running all
right let's run let's run to the main
office okay
[Music]
[Laughter]
this is kind of dumb where am i where
are you where am i oh there I am I'm
healing myself okay oh my god
easy loca Magoo is lilo Magoo thank you
for subscribing we very MUC enrich you
know I don't care anymore
he's just running through oh okay so now
back to the second floor
oh they're still here wait I need this
Kia thing shit oh my god oh I think I'm
gonna do it rich we're gonna do it
I did oh wait where are you I'm dead
oh I think I have to go get you you have
to I don't know I can't get out it's not
letting me go to street level it's not
letting me go to street level without
you okay
can't damn it oh shit it's a guy there
got a hack these computers real quick
I'll come and get you
I had some health you can get it don't
think I can find health all right I
don't think I can get to help always or
maybe I can there's right down there
shit I wasn't patient I got the help I'm
running alright alright
this piano music is on my fucking nerves
god damn it god I know I know it oh god
oh god it's a train wreck rich it's a
train wreck you know what I'm doing I'm
going to the vets can I get to the vents
in time yes again we are the worst
thieves were the line we are the worse
okay we're up against the worst guards
of all time
blue I will punch you until you fall
down run away from me
we might be the worst Monaco players
ever to exist okay yes that's how that's
how the game works by the way that's
fine I guess
okay I'm I'm I'm putting your bones back
together we need to get the street level
okay ready yes shit shit
the shit rich oh did I just hide in a
potted plant you might have come to
street level with me I'm what I'm
waiting for the alarm dies down then
have it come Tammy no I'm staying in
hiding okay you stand hiding I'm gonna
run around like a mad person unless you
think we can both make it to the street
no I'm gonna hide in a plant - I'm now
hiding in a different plan stop running
into them I know that's what you're
supposed to do button oh okay we're
getting a feel for this game yes also
this is our first time playing ever yes
okay I'm coming out of hiding
oh that's that's funny what you know my
characters power is you can he can knock
people out yeah guard walked into the
plant I was hiding in and he got knocked
out oh okay here we go yes all right we
made it
ich ich ich kann Yiddish I mean we made
it oh crap
here comes some guards now watch out
what the guard come first hiding spot
nope
knock him out he's gonna chase me around
okay come on to the next area
Oh here's here's the getaway van
we did it is kind of dumb this is kind
of how we should we should open this up
to more people
all right people we're open this up oh
Jesus
jaws of Zadar first of all very funny
name chose a dark alright let's open
this up
continue all right how do we do this now
I say we should be easy enough to find
because they know your steam name right
yeah but I I need to I need to like
adjust my my lobby setting salt hold on
I only have the option to leave lobby I
guess I can do that
no I cancel can't I am leaving can't I
like a just to the lobby when they'll be
we have it set for only two people in
the first place right probably I've
started to room oh okay all right then
I'm leaving the lobby okay all right I
am now starting a new lobby we're at I'm
just gonna go I'm gonna be in the I'm
gonna go to the liquidity in the
pickpocket story okay do you see that
yeah okay hopefully everybody you know I
don't know how many people play Monaco
but if they don't have that unlocked I
guess they can't find it I've created
I've created the party lobby list
Harlech I'm in okay so well now I'll
just wait for two more people sure and
see who shows up probably should have
told people before we created a lobby
because now we're just gonna get to
random people
oh they're unlockable characters that's
kind of game hmm nope we got another one
oh yay are you people from the chat I
don't know
they found us pretty quick they did I
wasn't reading things start reading I'll
pick up at some point Jack Oh Donna
Dilla comfy to her own croissants but
he's still a paper her stacked neatly
yeah come with the number the blah blah
blah
now fucked us all just let's go okay I'm
ready for this good story guys it's all
good story
I think that's half the fun Jack
[Laughter]
Jesus Christ what oh my god
this one so fast oh shit oh shit
I think I did good or I'm killing
everyone I might be killing everyone
I hear constant alarms yeah yeah okay
okay I'm gonna die I'm dead I'm dead
oh my god
we didn't do we did a terrible thing
retching oh my god okay oh I'm dead I'm
very good I'm very dead are you coming
to save me I save somebody something you
say okay great I'll come back for you
okay all right I won't oh I'm gonna be
dead again shit are you the purple okay
[Music]
I'm saving you I'm saving you I'm doing
it are you blue yeah okay let's go oh we
have another player down I'm gonna save
this guy now although we had guns oh now
I'm dead I tried to save my own dead
alright hold on hold on
cut damn it can't damn it you're the
only one left rich I'm getting out of
the area for now okay what is our goal
oh I don't know we have to get this
street level it looks like I'd pick
pocketed a key yeah
there's a camera at another keys do we
need to steal a small fortune see that's
what we need to do are you guys is can
we talk to other people hello I may have
I may have done it I hate I just found a
thing of money I grabbed it so now I'm
going back to try and save people did
you do it you know maybe you didn't do
it I didn't do it you didn't do it
alright alright I'm gonna I'm gonna hack
so security cameras will be disabled no
way to save people
great now to the rescue
okay to the rescue
you've rescued me
take that guard off take that guard oh
jeez Oh card him and the one up
attention take them all out okay
all right to street level okay let's go
let's let's go hack that thing all right
that guy just blew all the alarms god
damn it what what were that was you just
blew all the alarms and you're terrible
Oh i disguised oh is that what that is
okay I'm here at street level I'm here
at street level where are you guys I
just got more money can't damn it oh
this disguise is great but it didn't
work because I blew an alarm all right
Mickey Mickey Hyneman did did you
subscribe and we didn't we didn't say
hello
if not I apologize and we really
appreciate it and thank you for
subscribing escape
alright let's get out of here oh I can't
go this way oh oh shit you're at that
door okay oh I'm coming for you I'm
coming for you nope
I'm coming for you jack just run run you
can come back to me run no oh you're in
the wait god damn it I couldn't run over
you because you learned the way where
our fate is in the hands of that guy
where's the other guy did he leave
already now there's somebody yeah
somebody loves because they knew we had
no idea what we were happening uh nope
are you part of the chat that might have
been an actual player yeah alright I am
being saved and thank you for saving
okay
hey girl what we need to do oh yes I am
is in the chat okay great alright let's
get out of here where to I don't know
let's stick together stick together
all right let's street level this way
riches alright I'll follow you follow it
follow the purp pink guy okay
street level okay we did it
Jesus Christ what happened I think I
tripped an alarm or disguise who two
dudes to do I wish you were clearer like
what your objectives were yeah but I'm
starting to get it I I am just I'm
disguised as someone now and I'm really
excited about that who do do do do who's
dead shit where am I shit don't know
shit shit shit
leave me dead for a little bit I'm gonna
get a drink no oh and I'm dead I think
we all know we're all died oh wait no uh
nope is still alive oh uh nope is
figuring this out for us because none of
us know how to play please play
something else yeah we'll probably play
something else we'll see we'll see I'm
I'm sure there's something we missed
where it says steal X amount and you're
sure oh my god the mole is just oh no we
all died we all failed all right well I
think we deserved we're gonna give up
what are you what you want to try more
yeah why not
okay okay are you ready for to call it
quits for the night
basically not for the night I just don't
know about this game
you wanna try one more okay up nope says
one more okay let's do it yeah let's try
um let's try this one Oh we get a
partner in crime now - oh we got a new
one the script says you have to press a
for your objectives yeah that doesn't
help
hey disk Ritz's discards he's a fucking
philosopher oh oh oh okay okay
hello this katha is fucking philosophy
embassies have passports these embassies
in Monaco Lebanese everything fucking
fucked yet me - I've skipped it already
- come on nope I was what work if the
buttons okay steal passport I'm gonna
sneak everywhere oh you know like
disguises he heard something what does
this guy say I don't I hope
I'm gonna follow that I'm gonna follow
this guy in blue cuz he seems to know
what he's doing
my pet monkeys gonna steal all the stuff
yeah I got a monkey you know what I got
a monkey oh shit oh shit
these French people I see that there's
like a little arrow for like where the
trophies are okay great main office okay
I'm here at the main office we're
waiting for other people they might know
I'm just gonna hack these computers
until these people come okay they're
here let's go rich
shit
nope shit nope
okay I'm a novice let's go yes okay
great
let's do it doo doo okay and the
trophies over here I'm gonna go sneak up
here you can get a better idea of what's
happening okay hold on I have a I'm
making my way around this way I don't
know what I'm doing I don't know cleaned
out
oh it's Cape we did it
shit those guards woke up okay
okay getting out of here shit yeah I
know I'm ahead there's a guard I'm
playing smart rich I'm doing it break
for it breaking for it we're terrible at
this game just run run for the car
who's left whose pink I'm done with this
game I'm done with this game
rich we can hear you what what thanks
for playing guys
