Episode 111
the AVGN Game... NOPE Organ Trail
November 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDX4oSUteSI
___________________________________________

rich no talk for real talk for real okay
this is not talking for real real so now
you have to tell us how this sounds
do I sound okay yes and I need to hear
it from octo day or John kilo because I
don't trust anyone else yay
oh it's good now oh great it's good it
fixed it magically fixed itself by
stopping and starting the stream hooray
alright so now let's play a video game
and see what happens
oh Jesus Christ Jesus Christ that was
loud I apologized to everyone who had to
hear that jesus fucking christ on them
do you trust me or what as far as how
does it sound
no I only trust mods okay there we go
now the audio should be fine
all right let's let's get this back up
here and we'll get this back up here
then we'll do this do you guys play any
good video games all the time we play
good video games all the time
it seems play FTL it's true but yeah
that's part of the things like it's I I
do want to try I want to play new games
and game thing agree video game nerd
adventures done great updated the stream
yeah we play
we play good games you talk about good
games mm-hmm
we played XCOM before yeah yeah that's
fun all right
present start wait options there we go
full perfect now we can play some Angry
Video Game Nerd Adventures start oh oh
we have an important question easy
normal or old-school normal
alright the Angry Video Game Nerd and
his friends are playing as shitty get
out I think it's apt into the TV the
nerd escaped into the basement but an
arm came out of the TV grabbed him by
the balls and pulled him inside game
land at 3 a.m. what the fuck am i in a
shitty game hey listen
I'm Maggie oh Jesus
okay okay so yeah it's it's it's a
simple platformer I have this thing
talking to me which I'm not really
pleased about well it's a joke huh
that's a joke yeah no I get the joke by
the way
like you see that that's that's
reference it's a referent other video
game yes no and I got that I got that I
understand that I understand that ah
spikes hey there are spikes in this game
where's Phoenix this this looks a little
bit too basic for me this looks as
standard platformer as you can get yeah
standard is a really good way to
describe this standard and hey look a
reference I'm sure that's going to be
the entire game
you should press why now why oh I don't
know what happened rich favorite Zelda
game um either Link to the Past or wind
waker third place would be twilight
princess yeah twilight princess is good
i really ever fuck I really enjoy that
princess
it's another powerup item use it with Y
to get through oh I hate this already
[Laughter]
organ trouble I told I think Oregon
Trail needs to be like a group stream
now right doesn't doesn't it no oh I
thought we were talking about doing that
as a group stream what difference does
make I wouldn't need to be a group oh I
think I don't know I just think it might
be more fun that way no because we
wouldn't pay any attention to the game
mmm hey actually probably would not work
as well as a group stream oh okay
group streams are which play games that
you can just kind of like I'm just
simple games platformer or action II
type things just some people could talk
long game is going on sure
I'm with you I guess I'm with you also
why does he have a pumpkin head
Halloween some games mister eggy kind of
thing sure that makes sense
it'd be nice if you could turn it off
yes that would be nice
it's just oh fuck
whatever okay so Oregon Trail all right
hold on yeah okay I'm done yeah oh by
the way did you see you'll see this in a
second to turn it off there's a fucking
option so I I kind of love that no fuck
it no why am i squid there we go all
right it's like that what am I looking
for here I'm gonna go to the store
Oregon Trail
oh wait hello me turn on the video here
video organ trail doot doot doot doot
doot doot doot that's good music it's in
my head now
do you own battleblock theater I don't
believe I do
organ organ trail director's cut bridge
it's two dollars okay I know I know who
directors got plus sound you know what
you know we're talking about during the
Halloween stream that that that ghosts
game you
yeah the Haunted Mansion one where you
flying around possessing things oh yeah
yeah and I asked you when you're done
playing that wasn't worth five and you
said no yeah it's on sale for 250 right
now oh is it worth it for 250
the ghost hunting game
he maybe I picked it up and I see what
you mean about not being worth five I
agree with that but yeah I paid five I
think I'm okay with I paid 250 which I
think I'm okay with that
mm-hmm you know what yeah 250 is good
250 is nice because you know what it's a
novelty it's a it's a now see you'll
pick it up maybe you'll show to a friend
all right and you'll play it once yes
right oh did you know you could plays
the other ghosts though the people you
kill oh no you can they go back to the
the bell tower mmm and they're floating
around the other bells and you could
switch places with them oh that's funny
yeah okay I'm downloading Oregon Trail I
mean this might take a while I'm sure
it's a giant game Jack which did you
spend less time playing AVGN or alien
well obviously AVGN like played a lot of
alien yeah it on my steam it says I've
only played 11 hours of alien which is
true on Steam but then we finished
playing on the ps4 so that's why I keep
see a every once in a while people
saying that I didn't play enough Valen
but we finished playing on the ps4
I started playing on Steam and we
finished on the ps4 for full disclosure
it's got what 18 missions right um no we
got to the start of mission 18 and said
fucking yep yeah absolutely
okay there we go Oregon Trail yes you
can run alright here we go here and
properties will be able to name people
by the way oh I will be able to we will
be able to yes oh that's great okay oh
Jesus
and I played it on normal hmm it seems a
little bit easy
oh no I I might consider starting at one
of the harder ones Oh hold on it's gonna
get loud absolutely
[Music]
musics appropriate I like the music yes
Oh turning the music down here we go
okay campaign mode Oregon Trail director
Scott this is really funny so what you
tried it on normal yeah well this is my
first time playing so I'll play on
normal if you want okay my first time
playing a normal okay click that I feel
like I could have started on difficult
but do as you will
oh my god
click on the zombie I know the trigger
down and pull it towards yourself I'm
out of bullets I get it
well then it looks like I just saved
your bacon I reckon we stand a better
chance out there please stick together
my name is Clemens I used to be a priest
not much use for those nowadays what's
your name partner all right what's our
name Jatin whoo-hoo sure your name be
you or just wanted just pick names and
random here this is like the name of the
manor burger so if you want to just pick
something and then no I see a mr. shy
smile he's mr. shy smile so mr. shy
smile you're in charge mr. shy smile is
in charge hold on you I need I got to
put my controller away I need my actual
all right the pleasure's all mine mr.
Chas mile isn't even with the two of us
we won't survive very long everyone I
trusted died a while back
do you know anyone we could count on in
a pinch let's see here
[Music]
I'm all radical let's a mall mall rat
Cole okay Edie Witten
was that it Edie we didn't okay and
that's see if this guy had a pizza roll
but there was a name I liked okay stop
scrolling okay Kirkman 1987 that guy
great and we need one more
[Music]
hello Draco oh my god and not in time
sound guy man
not in time but some guy mad thank you
for subscribing we really do appreciate
it
perhaps Oh Draco with a C perhaps on our
next mission
are these the correct names mm-hmm
there's a good chance if they're still
alive they will be at the shelter set up
in DC if they have any sense that is
we're gonna need a way to get around oh
Jesus
and I love Russia too much thanks for
subscribing and great name let's see
we're gonna need a way to get around
that's on old station wagon a few blocks
back those things might not be very
reliable but you'd be surprised that
Ruby they are anyway let's get moving
okay here we go
they want you to read it in French are
you like a freshman French accent better
I think so okay station wagon alright I
think we've gotta just enough fuel and
food for us to make it to the DC in this
baby let's hit the road
I'll Drive it's a terrible accent
all right here we go Clemens has a
broken arm what goddamnit Clemens oh
Jesus Clements was bitten by a zombie
well get let's kill him and you are out
of fuel okay
just as the station wagon runs out of
fuel you coast into the city you can
hear a radio blaring in a nearby window
repeat all survivors who still remain in
Washington DC the government has
declared a class three biohazard in the
area there will be commencing a nuclear
strike within a few short hours get out
while you can the city is lost it looks
a lekha
we have a problem we have a time problem
I'll go look for your friends at the
shelter meanwhile you should go
scavenging for supplies
I've heard all about the place and the
west coast that is supposed to be safe
haven from all the chaos the Chou's has
meet back here and head out you're
turning into a Latin Lover again my fee
I think I might be turning into Italian
like okay let's see here pick the
supplies you want to gather these are
your starting supplies so what you pick
more of you get more of right right ammo
and food is a big one med kit med kit
and tire
okay the tire the muffler and the
battery it's probably a good idea to
have at least one of each of those well
you know what you pick all of this I
will not backseat game em I will not
back seat it don't you fuckin backseat
gave me a wrench I got this alright
alright okay here we go here we go your
friends join the party alright the great
everyone's here
there's just one more thing back there
on the road oh one of those things a bit
me
I'm already not feeling too well and I
can't stand the thought of becoming one
of them you're gonna have to put them it
down why don't you keep my journal
it may help you out there good luck how
adorable does not have the discipline to
not backseat this game alright
twenty two hundred and thirty miles to
Pittsburgh let's go you hit a deer that
jumps out in front of the car
great oh and you can even like stop and
scavenge for supplies any time oh hey
opto see thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I'm stopping some
food went bad
oh my god I could kill someone yeah
that's any time I believe that's great
I've not done it yet but talk to
stranger getting bit isn't the end for
you some folk out there will kill anyone
that's been scratched by one of them old
Zed heads oh great well let's mmm let's
get out of here let's move on
[Music]
nothing's happening nothing's happened
kill them all zombie tries to attack
Kirkman 1987 but gets a handful of five
scrap instead
what's scrap uh you use that to fix your
car Oh breaking down your car has a
health bar right oh there's jobs you can
Oh recovery a crate fell back what rich
worried that your I'm losing you it
sounds like disconnected from you yeah
hello yeah now you're back and now
you're back
hello yeah I couldn't hear ya yeah Jack
rich rich your Internet's down okay okay
now you back you some some bad some bad
you sound bad as well do Anna hang up
and call again I don't know if I just
disconnect and recall yeah do that
I hung up on him
I mean I'm gonna obviously I'm gonna go
defense we're gonna fight some zombies
right pull back to aim release tissue
don't let the zombies get to you
[Music]
this is pretty fun hey rich hey it
worked
[Music]
I'm fighting zombies rich for money this
might be the most fun I've ever had this
is great I'm I'm kind of loving this I
think I love it really is I'm not doing
terribly well shit
[Music]
shit
I survived the attack yes I did it I did
it
can you guys hear rich now oh not again
oh you know what I need to do anyway I
need to update this dream
hey iron $34 where it's quiet again okay
hold on hold on everybody
organ trail director's cut all right I'm
stopping the stream and starting it
again
dick neutral says what do dollars matter
in an apocalypse and I agree with you
some privates that's my major problem
with this game too many people are
willing to accept money for anything um
it should have been food because then
you'd have to think hard about whether
or not you want to give up food and food
should be harder to come by it makes
sense like there still needs to be some
sort of like currency exchange oh shit
are you finding the lost thing damn it
oh I tried I died okay I did I didn't
die I just didn't make it okay you lose
health oh so you got to be careful about
that right uh let's see what we need
here I don't know do we need anything I
don't know just your supplies er I'll go
to the auto shop and that's in the town
there are special upgrades you can get
for your car that have different effects
No okay I guess you should just I just
want you to know that that's something
you goodbye I don't they have anything
good or anything worth buying but a soup
our last muffler less likely for muffler
to break I don't have a muffler in
general so yeah I suppose some towns
have like I figure what they call our
combat master guy and you can you can
get like combat II type upgrades sure
sure
goodbye a fuel why not I'm not I am not
backseat gaming I am just explaining
that game works
big difference big difference sell scrap
oh all right I'm gonna go into the next
time I'm gonna see what happens okay
okay you must cross a horde of zombies
in order to continue on this road the
Horde is in front of you and currently
large in size and appears to be docile
horde size large dasu wait to see if
horde dispenses break out guns and clear
path or attempt to sneak through I'm
gonna wait and see if horde it dispenses
okay oh hey that works oh no no it
didn't horde size is now massive and
they are now ravenous so let's break out
guns and clear path Jesus Christ
I'm not your party oh man I was overrun
and lost the fuel well let's move on
oh no I lost an hour bickering with
hello Draco hello he's son of a bitch
sparks shoot out the back of your
muffler it's dragging on the road time
to replace it a kid wanders by trick or
treat you give him for fuel
this game isn't Halloween mode like the
Angry Video Game Nerd one was that's why
some of the plum the zombies have
pumpkins on their heads yeah but I don't
want to give a kid feel know if someone
farted rich someone farted the car stops
and it said someone farted there's a
fart joke in the game and I kind of love
that off we go
off we go Oh another towns come up I
think I can't damn it you can click on
this stat screen cuz ever as as time
goes by mm-hmm food is dwindling and
you're on fire Mike dwindling and health
is dwindling all right so you know
you're moving food is being consumed
sure
oh no we're good with food we have uh we
have a ton of food med kits ammos good
tires
we could probably need another muffler
um oh I can scavenge yeah oh okay great
scavenge at any time yeah oh I got
something this is just in this one
screener Oh
see what's going on so there's a big
pumpkin oh that's that's food that's you
collect pump that great those are the
things you scavenge they pop up sure
dodging zombies oh okay well I got some
food great okay
Oh combat training you can learn new
combat techniques for scavenging in
small towns at the combat drain oh oh
okay I get it
Oh combat trainer okay here we go a
grizzled stranger beckons you to in a
dark corner Oh a chance not to use a
bullet when you fire yeah I want that
how do you do that cost $80 is that what
it says that's what I'm not looking at
it right now because I'm watching it
away but I'm assuming it says 80 oh geez
I want that you can you can sell things
for money and it's Gavin uh no thanks
just don't die because if you die the
game ends
sure I'm sure I believe that you can
lose people in your party just fine but
if you die it's game over not and yes if
you haven't noticed the the character
model is definitely Sean from Sean of a
deck the other characters are this one
I'm not sure who they are but two of
them are definitely characters from
zombie land AB Woody Harrelson and not
Michael Sena but the other one mm-hmm
the one that's like Michael sent up
[Music]
I look for this damn thing now how come
the ones with no legs are the fastest I
made it
I earned $15 that's not enough yeah I'm
here why are you here okay Jesse Isaac
internet my internet isn't this poor
right
jesse eisenberg by the way is who you're
thinking of alright I gotta get out of
here and although I want that combat
trainer no it's not worth it it's not
worth it you're cutting out on me I know
I don't know how clear I'm coming in but
you are cutting out I might be dead
no you're here it might be completely
dead right now yeah you're here can you
hear me I can hear you cutting in and
out sure uh yeah that your internet
might be fucked i it's not even worth
talking jack like okay I was like that
day well well here's what you do right
they hang up on me and then call me back
in like five minutes
what's happen like yeah okay after
through there what there's a problem
with the call great yeah yeah rich just
hung up on me
[Music]
what happened no no okay
he's dead you question the edibility of
some of your food and toss it to be safe
cut damn it
Indianapolis okay let's keep going let's
keep going everybody who auto shop we
need a muffler
we need a muffler buy upgrade supe our
last tires right oh I only have one
dollar shit jobs trouble sleeping and I
keep seeing moving outside five dollars
really rich Evans is on dial-up yes
[Music]
um terrible I'm a terrible shot I am
just a tear oh here we go I'm getting it
come on shoot shoot this guy has a
birthday add-on okay I'm doing this this
is super spooky yeah I survived the deck
I got money I earned $14 this bit he's
only giving me $5 though
[Music]
what a fucked up the mouse's
[Music]
okay here we go here we go zombie
attacks
[Music]
also keep in mind remember I'm doing
this on a trackpad because I'm a Mac
user and a terrible person in general so
I'm doing this on a trackpad which is
very difficult I'm not using a real
mouse because they don't even realize
there's a ready deck I did it this is
probably the best I can ever do it's
probably true
I earned $5.00 though so I'm gonna take
that can I get my um upgrade no no I
can't okay fine car oh I could do some
repairs repairs uh yeah let's repair
okay great
there's my money leave
let's go let's actually stop
oh hello Draco make small talk great
thanks hello Draco Tony's less than
forty nine yeah yeah I know
um I might kill someone no I won't kill
anyone
dr. strange here great would you like to
rest let's rest two hours rest or an
arrest gain some health back yeah
everyone get out
oh okay rest again hello Draco makes it
pass at me that's funny
hello Draco sits uncomfortably close to
me your homage one medkit half a body at
the side of the road oh that's good I
like that
[Music]
get a med kit you find some roadkill
it's probably safe to eat all right all
right feet rich Evan say he'll call back
when is internet gets better their car
gets stuck in a pile of
trick-or-treaters you replace it from
supplies oh wait I replace
trick-or-treaters from supplies tweets
can I tweet no no I can't know that just
now I'm getting out of here so it's
raining heavily you will have to drive
more slowly
rich rich you did it nobody died yet
mm-hmm
I have I have no money I can sell things
right I don't necessarily want to submit
selfing oh wait wait this gives me nine
fuel difficulty is suicide though I
can't do that there's a group of hostile
folks who have holed up in a nearby
building I think they need to take over
difficulty is suicide but payment is
9:00 fuel Andy's quiet again Jesus
Christ right it is what it is um you
know what I really need to do here hold
on for a second hold on for saying guys
use what's really gonna happen Aimee
second here I go into settings I gotta
go into do it did it to do disconnect
okay now I feel comfortable I'm gonna
stop the stream and start
