Episode 113
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (Part 1)
November 18, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hc8us1ztTI
___________________________________________

this is what I've done rich I don't know
if we are streaming yet I'm about to I'm
about to tweet oh we I think it did it
rich I think it I did it
excellent yeah a video is starting up
that's great that's great with this
we're gonna wait for the word from John
kilo that he can hear us both this is
Jack talking oh they're complaining
about the stream starting late when it's
it's starting early isn't it it's
starting four minutes early ah what is
it with you people I said Oh God I said
we were gonna start at 8:30 and we
officially started the stream at 826 and
you know what we could have started
earlier but we were we were dealing with
audio issues off stream because I know
you guys don't like that yes yes we were
doing our best to be professional
the one thing I'm gonna do that's not
necessarily professional is I'm going to
tweet that we're streaming now so rich
say hi to everyone
Wow hi everyone hello
Jax tweeting and I'm filling dead air on
my own which we we all know how well
that works you're great at it
yeah yes we are yes I am so I'm reading
I'm reading comments about the Bears
getting pounded by the Packers and you
know no shit III think it was obvious
from the the the Patriots game that the
Bears have given up and they are now
collapsing and they're collapsing hard
but whatever oh then you can do about it
tiger
that was great am I still feeling dead
air really I'm tweeting okay how long I
wanted to take you to tweet you get 12
characters to use
mm-hmm yep only 12 that's how Twitter
works you only get throw characters okay
I think I just tweeted I just tweeted
great things are happening you know what
great things are happening yep oh I've
seen our new emoticons by the way how do
you feel about our new emoticons oh
they're cute when you make an emoticon
you have to you have to make it so it is
28 by 28 pixels and that's what that's
what shows up in the chat 28 by 28
pixels that's not a lot of room to work
with and so constructing the lion and
crocodile brain was rather difficult and
just looking at it I'm a little unhappy
with it the line brain is smaller than a
crocodile brain yes and that's that's
your fault that is that's my fault
lightly and that's a little upsetting so
I'll probably change that you can change
them yeah you can you can go back and
change them you can delete them but I
liked mostly how they turned out the
crocodiles were based off of the pitfall
crocodiles because those were like the
simplest alligator crocodile things I
could make and this fragra half
crocodile yeah oh my god it's got little
Froggers got little alligators oh my god
well then we'll deal with that in a
second so I will you know what I'll do
some research you you need to do some
more research on digital crocodiles yes
you're right you're right I think so
welcome everybody to the stream I hope
everyone uh I hope everyone got a chance
to see one of our new twitch profile
banner well then I'm gonna look up his
name real quick a fan Eric buyer Eric
buyer sent that over to us and I thought
it was so great he sent over the
character
and I loved it and asked him if we could
use it as our you you you did a great
job but why the fuck am i a foot shorter
than Jay and Jessi then then don't make
no sense that don't make no sense at all
rich is comically short Thank You
Wiesner for subscribing I should do that
Jack you guys subscribe laughs oh my god
your alerts not Andre oh my god the
alerts not on and our twitches of our
stream is about to flip out really yeah
hold on I gotta fix it I gotta fix it
oh my god oh I see what's going on yes
whoa sorry about that everybody
oh my god I have no idea what happened I
Jack seizures yeah I'm really sorry
everybody look away look away any future
problems look away I fixed it I fixed it
everyone hopefully everybody party hard
right there oh my god really sorry about
that everybody it's gonna be a scandal
pay rent give seizures I don't know what
happened but that happened so you know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get um I'm
gonna get rebirth up here and yeah sorry
my subber lair was not on yeah but uh
for anyone who didn't know Isaac and his
mom were playing by name Isaac rebirth
in a small house on a hill Jack is
playing Binding of Isaac rebirth can't
do it himself
yeah that kinda shopton I'm sure
everybody is really really shocked by
this life was simple in any case I knew
it hasn't seen you oh there we go was
I'm too old Chris thanks for subscribing
we really appreciate it
oh my god and this sarted been condemned
I see thank you for subscribing
as the alert just not working what's
going on no now it's working I was on a
different screen it's all right don't
worry about 6:00 it's working about
moving all of it so I'm gonna skip this
opening cinematic for anyone who doesn't
know Isaac Isaac's mom tries to kill him
because the voice of God tells her to
kill Isaac and and we run away from our
moms the exact same story it's the exact
same story is this even the same art
it's different art it is now pixel art
which is how Edmond originally wanted it
done but he didn't have the resources to
make the pixel art they made it look
pixel a but I'm talking about just the
animations here is that like the same
it's it's a little ings
it's it might be the same drawings with
like a pixel filter over yeah yeah this
is new though like this little wing
title thing here this is new every you
know this is very some new thing and
I've been playing the shit out of this
game on my Vita and I love it I haven't
I actually have not played it on the PC
yet well the chat is already bitching
about pixel art oh you know what I think
I can change that actually I can turn a
filter on here to make it look more like
because they knew they were gonna get
complains about that really yes and so
there's a little filter button here if I
turn it on it looks more like the
original flash game are you shitting me
I'm not shitting you because they
originally it was like a joke but
apparently some people really want oh my
god meets camp what you need Campbell
meanie camel feet curtains thank you for
subscribing and snug UN's thank you for
subscribing snow goose legumes that's an
easy one legumes we appreciate it so
quick vote do you guys want the pixel
art to the new art or the filter on blur
filters are horrible good enough for me
pixel art it is
yeah no time all right but you know
people bitch about pixel art and you
gotta realize the reason a lot of indie
games have pixel art it's not even
necessarily a hipster retro thing it's
that it's easier to do kind of thing I
think it is easier to do and you know
like with a game like this I think it's
but you know we've talked about this a
lot this game has a ton of homage is to
old-school like Zelda games and so the
pixel art aesthetic really works also a
shitload of votes pixel did yes great
then we're doing it here's my one
complaint because we made such a big
deal out of normal and hard mode mmm so
nor there's normal and you'll see this
in a second Ridge there's normal and
there's hard Jack it only plays if you
counted on the hardest possible
difficulty well the only way it counts
here's the thing in the original game in
The Binding of Isaac there was no normal
and hard it was just what is now hard
mode okay and so it's actually I think
normal is like easy and hard as normal
but like normal still plays good I
played it on normal ones and it still
plays good it was just significantly
easier than I was used to but for a new
player I could see how they would want
to start on normal yeah but I mean hard
is is the right way to play this game if
you you do you still need a fantasy
controller member to play this with a
controller or do they add patroller
support sound of curiosity this is the
beautiful thing about rebirth ah what
I'm gonna call rebirth is like the
blu-ray edition of your favorite VHS
movie yeah I know they added full
controller support they
they added a whole bunch of great stuff
it's it's like the blu-ray version with
decreased resolution is what you're
saying well you know it's like it's like
what it what it is is like imagine a
movie you know that was that was shot on
film and then released on VHS that
without blu-ray two atps no but like if
it was released on VHS it would be it
would be square right it would be four
by three so on blu-ray could be
full-frame right okay okay and so this
is how was really originally intended
and something really cool apparently I
can't do that okay so the other really
cool thing is over here you can see
press tab to input a seed it has all of
its random seeds the seeds categorized
so if you really like a run you can
write down the seed and play it over and
over again okay and like share it with
people so anyway we're gonna we'll get
started
oh yeah move mouse cursor thank you
someone for reminding me to move my
mouse cursor space space Kim oh thank
you for telling me to move my mouse
cursor what's the deal with the mouse
cursor it was just on the screen and
that's a no I would find that yeah
oh my god I'm wildly rich I love this
already have you not played this already
I have not played it on the computer yet
I've only played it on my Vita and okay
with the big twin sticks of the Xbox 360
controller oh this feels nice I'm
digging it there's a lot of things about
rebirth that I really really dig full
360 degree motion on that twin stick
action no actually it stuck to the
original four directions okay so you can
only shoot up left right or down like if
if it's in between it doesn't shoot at
at a 45-degree angle
but you Watson's you get full motion you
get 45 degree motion moving just not
shooting that's that so but it still
works it's still accurate enough
oh here's so here's one of the new
things about rebirth is these giant
rooms so you see how big this room is
you'll see in a second
in the original game all the rooms were
the same tiny size and now they've added
these big rooms where you have like a
lot of room to move and the enemies are
bigger and harder but you get more room
to dodge awesome it's really great and
of course a ton of new items this might
but this looks like a bloody sperm well
I'm glad you're enjoying your new toy oh
thank you oh I got a coli a dirty touch
I don't know what that is but we'll find
out Oh poop monsters here's a new enemy
there poop monsters may also have
monsters I don't know not these little
guys okay okay don't think it did that
tells you how big of a fan I am I don't
think it did these guys I have the most
problem with for some reason they spit
at just like the right sea speed or it
like throws me off
and I was important for everyone no but
whatever you know what rich whatever so
rich by the way yeah in a weird turn of
events I have not seen you in like a
week it's weird what's been going on um
not much um basically not much it's just
always for me not to see you for so long
why don't we didn't we did a new half
the bag leave we almost skip for that
Mike and Jay did interstellar oh yeah
that just went up right yes yes so now
everybody could abandon the stream to
watch the deux half in the bag that is
up uh-huh I've been uh I'm interested in
seeing in her cell and I've been hearing
some not so nice things about it though
I'm interested in seeing it myself
though all I know is it's a Christopher
Nolan science fiction movie yeah that's
basically all I know cuz I haven't seen
it Mike and Shane went to a midnight
screening and oh I think I know I don't
know why I didn't bother to ask to go
with but I was like yeah that's how
disinterested you are in the movie
y'all would probably see it at some
point I'm just not a rush I don't know
that much about it I'm actually probably
gonna learn a lot when I finally get
around to watching the half of the bag
that's really funny yeah you know it's
it's Christopher Nolan and I don't know
I am soil free every time I say his name
by the way
I'm terrified I'm gonna say Nolan Ryan
that's what I keep doing like you see
the new Nolan Ryan movie but yeah
director the movies weird
he quit his baseball career is he still
alive there's no one right so haha sure
he's still alive it was a baseball guy
right yes yeah
a baseball guy yes I know sports things
rich that Nolan Ryan died yeah he played
a little baseball huh
he played enough baseball where I
recognize his name if that means
anything
yeah yeah he was he was big-time pitcher
big-time picture multiple no-hitters
okay no hitters ever would rare and good
oh I just did the dumbest thing rich but
I activated I had this card and I didn't
know what it did and I thought it gave
me hearts but actually had called down
the foot of Mohammed not my life down
more why would they why would it do that
well cuz I could call it down to like
stomp on an enemy and I was supposed to
call it down and then move okay okay I'm
pretty dumb is basically the moral of
the story yeah yeah so what else is up
with rich Evans I rewatched the
frighteners oh my god the Michael J Fox
ghost movie yeah alright it's like a ton
of great elements and none of them work
well together there's so many good
things about that movie though but as a
whole it just falls flat oh man yeah
that that movie I'm sure has not aged I
just remember like the cool thing about
the ghost it's popping out of the wall
right a Grim Reaper the Grim Reaper
ghost is the best thing visually and
that is just a great Lee monster yeah
yeah
but the story is just confused oh my god
something I always have a problem with
the movies my personal pet peeve
excessive excessive coincidences okay
when there are ton ton of coincidental
things in the frightened understand what
happened in the frighteners what's
extensive excessive coincidence like the
next murder victim always happens to be
near Michael J Fox and there's not a
story reason for that it's just a
coincidence Oh
stuff stuff like that love interest I
can't remember her name she just
happened to kind of be friend of the
woman who ends up being the villain in
the end it's not really related in any
way coincidences lots of coincidences
and I hate them sure I can see that oh
hey we gotta what the fuck rich who's
our what the fuck
Brattle one two three thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I
think I think I think they want me to
get a new PC I think oh that's what this
is about it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen we were we are
we are in the planning stages of Rich's
new PC right now question is what to
spend on up what is the right amount of
money right that's it that's a good
question by the way well I got our nose
800 enough probably not maybe I don't
know I don't know I don't know what
decent computers are going for these
days
yeah that's that's the question and it's
like what you know what obviously you
know we want to be frugal yeah and
sounds like what can we get away with
that's decent but still powerful enough
where you know you can stream and we can
play you know games on the highest ends
graphics and you know all that fun stuff
I would I would love to play the Arkin
games with the physics physics that
would just be good but I mean what like
what what if we have in in a fun
imaginary world right what if we had a
grand is that enough
yeah grand is probably enough okay well
then let's so so then it's like what can
we FAC Rand is enough what can we get
away with eight hundred nine yes once
once we get 800 that's when I start
doing research I think okay once we get
800 in the Pre Rec fun yeah then then I
start doing the hardcore this is
happening research the chat seems to
think of 1k is the way to go
1k yeah okay yeah we you know it'll do
it it'll take a little bit longer but we
can yeah okay yeah if that's if that's
what we'll get you know cuz a big thing
for me whenever I buy technology is if I
have to spend a little bit extra money
to help future proof you know or it's
like we could get a decent PC for 800
but if we spend an extra 200 and elasti
a couple extra years or even one extra
year you know like that's worth it I
mean I got a I don't have solid-state
hard drives but I do have a decent
amount of just hard drive space I've got
like three terabytes worth of hard
drives I think but I know they're not
solid-state drives and those are faster
and those are the new thing yeah yeah so
so chad is his style is solid-state
really worth it
that's like a foot tap yeah that is a
good question for chat I can tell you
this for me and you know just using
video editing software and whatnot is
like bombs that's my mom is solid-state
is really good as far as like startup is
concerned it doesn't offer me greater
performance for video editing but it
might be different for gaming right and
then it's like you know what a chat chat
love is the solid state
okay incidental oh well then you know
you should what we could do here is like
get you two drives right get you like
one like seven seven 200 rpm Drive just
for like normal stuff
I could reuse my old drives sure but but
then like we just buying new a
solid-state drive and then we can get
you a solid-state
I get what I'm saying is like we'll get
you like a like a reasonably sized
solid-state just for gaming mm-hm and
then you could like run your OS off of a
different drive and run your game run
your games off of like a solid-state you
know yeah yeah we probably want the OS
in the solid state too though I imagine
oh I suppose I suppose you know what
you're right but any any anything else I
supposed to be okay
I'm sure like keep your media yeah sure
but then I just run games I'm Sol say
all right well solid-state you've
convinced me chat and rich solid-state
doesn't matter
and we have said I don't you know I
don't know if we've ever said this on
check before but rich and I have said
that when when rich builds his PC we
will build live oh my god
we have a weapon fuck if you're hoping
for some okay JP versus the world thank
you for subscribing really I mean if
you're if you want to see me build the
PC just so you can laugh at me freaking
out about building my own PC you'll be
disappointed because I've done this
before this is this I I haven't seen
this straight item before someone tell
me what that is but yeah we are we are
gonna stream ears down off you know
that's good oh yeah
Mike Mike just sent me a text teasing me
about the Bears game Mike said don't
forget to tune in right now what's
happening oh there I'm swimming they're
still getting their asses handed to them
makes your shots quicker oh yeah
definitely
and I'm not surprised at all 35 to
nothing there still I have got not even
third quarter oh man sorry I I don't
live and die by it by the Bears or
football I'm really mostly a baseball
fan so I Will Survive it's just that I
have to constantly take shit from
Packers fans up here because Packers
fans are the biggest fucking assholes
they just gotta rip your face I don't
care that much in the first place but
just the constant
all right you're not on the team what do
you give your shit you did anything I'm
just rooting for a team through through
support of the team they contribute to
the something here
I don't they can trip the fact of their
giant assholes
I I don't know I don't know I don't
watch sports I don't know what's going
on
I don't sport I'm glad that mike is such
a it's so funny with you about sports
though because wait why is Mike a
Packers fan uh cuz I cuz he is he's fair
weathered enough to have change his
allegiance the second he moved oh my god
really
yeah yeah what a dick their shit their
shit from what I know about sports fans
is you are you are whatever you are born
you know so if you are born a Bears fans
your forever a Bears fan
that's that's what I know about sports
right so Mike is officially a dick
there's nothing new there excellent very
funny that's fine oh so so in any case
to get back to what we were saying is we
will build the PC and live on stream
yeah yeah yeah and it won't be a face
game the cam will be on the PC that that
we're building but we will build it live
and rich has built the PC before and
were generally competent adults so yeah
don't don't look for like us to be
messing up or anything it's just going
to be very simple now this part goes
here all right that part is there now
looks like we've done it might need a
bit of a refresher on things I don't
know but yeah for the most part it will
be old hat I think yeah
Boop so much poop I'm not sure if I like
these shots I got this little white
stick item that makes my tier shots come
out super fast I'm not sure I'd dig it
mmm just letting you know in general
here's a new doodad see this uh in the
center of the screen there is this black
heart which is one awesome because it's
a black heart it's a new heart item that
if you get hit if you get hit it and
this black heart is like you'd be your
next heart you damage all the enemies in
the room of course
oh you lose a bit of your heart but it's
super awesome I'm gonna save that for
later okay
it's a really fun new item that's just
the the short bit that I've played
around so far and the music the new
music is great as well it's everything
it's everything an Isaac fan could want
Mike is still texting me about the Bears
with the Bears playing today the Packers
oh that's why I just didn't know if he
was like if he was watching the Bears
game just to give you shit about it you
might do that sure don't hold that pass
them not doing good not doing good
first run of the night and might might
eat it off of a dumb enemy that I
shouldn't eat it on what is your winning
percentage in in Isaac um
I mean not great I picked up Isaac when
it came out on Tuesday and
and I won my second run a beat mom on my
second run and that's better
gotta get rid of that white stick and
then I beat mom's heart unlike my fourth
or fifth run mmm so and and I haven't
beaten actually I have not beat mom's
heart since III think I have right now
about like a oh no I feed it once since
it's a like right now I'm at like a 12
game loss so my win streak is 1 and 12
about okay okay I don't know if that's
good or I don't know like what average
people's runs are but it's pretty normal
cuz you know like a lot of it it just
really does depend on what items you get
right and rooms you get invite Mike to
the stream he's not doing anything no
he's watching the Packers game hahaha
and he's he's not gonna stop watching
the Packers game for a video game stream
when he loves the Packers and hates
video games Mike doesn't come to the
video game stream when he's in the same
building yes so convincing him to come
to the video game stream while he's
doing something else that he enjoys is
gonna be difficult just as a general
heads-up
under those that Blackheart
they're asking if you beat Satan in the
original Isaac
I beat Satan no I have not gotten to
that point yet I want to say like you
have to beat the game Oh Lord how many
times you have to beat the game to get
to even play say well it's it's a you
know cuz like it like most modern
roguelikes you know like the more you
play the game the more you unlock and so
you have to beat the game something like
like twenty thirty times just a play say
no so the answer is no no I have no I am
NOT platon god I I have not gotten I
played the game beaten in a ton just you
know I'm not old chug computers chugging
computers chugging for 30 enemies on
screen this is gonna this is gonna be
fun later on here you're some fun new
enemy he's all blocking the skull guys
they not take damage they only take
damage when their head pops up okay and
so you have to like dance around them
and of course on their head pops up they
also shoot right so you have to like
dance around them until their head pop
got one finally they're they're a real
tricky enemy
but this wittle wittle them down a
little bullet hell action classic bullet
hell come on there we go zombie guys oh
nice ice double heart double heart into
soul heart feeling good feeling strong
we see what we get here brother Bobby
the chat is giving the game shit for
being like The Legend of Zelda Thank You
jatt that was the joke Oh shark spear
first of all great name as I'd like to
think that Shakespeare was a shark and
secondly sharks beer thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it ok
when you first said shark spear yeah I I
thought like that was an item in Isaac
oh yeah I'm walking I'm watching it away
I'm like ok he found the sharks there
huh that's great no he's subscribed or
she and I appreciated that
alright boss time
who the fallen here's like a little
bittle so Jack yeah oh my god I guess
you're concentrating oh I'll I'll leave
off questions do you're done with the
boss okay
is that me just be cruel ah yeah that'd
be helpful right now this is a new boss
personal boss are there new bosses yes
there are new bosses and they're
hilarious
fuck I'm gonna oh fuck I died uh what
was the question rich what do you what
do you think of the new Star Wars name
the force awakens at first I rolled my
eyes but it makes sense has any I mean
the series is not it is not lent itself
well to naming has it traditionally no
yeah that's that's why I mean I
rescinded my first I roll really quickly
cuz yeah there's all cheesy I mean the
movies great but I got to imagine when
you first heard the title like you know
the Empire Strikes Back what's that
that's weird
is that a name you know I can imagine
that sounding weird the first time you
hear it absolutely absolutely
I'm just like a new hope you know I I
would like to challenge the channel to
actually come up with a sincerely better
name than haha that feels like it would
also be a Star Wars name yes and so it
has to be a little cheesy
that's the rule it just it has to feel
like it fits with the other titles the
other Star Wars movies Empire Strikes
Back Return of the Jedi yeah like like
you can't call it Star Wars the blood in
it
okay then I changed my submission
mr. Bursch item because I wanted to call
the bloody name no you know what I
wanted to call it I was pissed off this
somebody else had already come up with
it I googled I googled it
yeah I wanted to call it Star Wars -
electric Boogaloo Boogaloo I googled it
some fucker already said it I was so
pissed on I'm very sorry I'm very very
sorry homing bombs star star wars
lightsabers lightsabers lightsabers yes
one prequel that would have been her
name yeah that's a great name that's
really funny
lightsabers like save his life savers
and and darkness dark force rising that
sounds like a a Creedence Clearwater
Revival songs dark force rising but that
make sense that's probably gonna be like
Episode eight or nine right
probably yeah sure dark force rising
yeah I don't know that's you know what
that might be too lame
was it was a force awakens like was that
the name of any of the books I I don't
know I'm assuming they've thrown out all
that that that continuity you haven't
been I don't know are the fans pissed
about that that all their weird-ass
books have been nullified um maybe I
don't know you know who I can ask about
that you know who read all the books who
my wife oh really yes
um is she upset that that has all been
thrown in the garbage
no no she unceremoniously thrown in the
garbage she's not upset cuz like she
like she's the first to admit that the
books weren't that great she just liked
being in that universe a little longer
you know okay okay so no she's not upset
about that
pause the game and go ask her if she's
upset that their that their retconning
or universe everything yeah okay I guess
this means no new Jedi Knight game
that's that's kind of depressing hold on
hold on return my guys good you go once
again I'm left here alone to fill that
air and that's just not gonna work too
well you guys saying what are you guys
saying life after Lucas yeah that's
acceptable acceptable acceptable comedy
Star Wars everything you love is about
to be ruined again maybe that's that's
entirely possible
well there wouldn't be a new jet in that
game because they have thrown out that
continuity that continuity is now in the
trash bin and they have heard that
Disney has like a of rule they're
enforcing now where they don't want a
supplemental material written that is
not in continuity so the old EU cannons
been thrown out and I don't think
they're going to be allowed to make
anything new that applies just to that
cannon okay all right jump back okay
okay so so well the first thing I asked
her was you know whether or not she
enjoyed the Star Wars books in general
mm-hmm and she said you know she she
remembered enjoying them but you know
she hadn't read them since like middle
school it's been a long time right and I
said do you think he'll be upset if they
completely change the story in the new
sequels and in a wonderful show of why I
love her so much she said she is not
ready to acknowledge that the sequels
are real Star Wars movies yet okay you
surely surely they're gonna be better
than the prequels sure surely they're
gonna be better than the prequels fine
oh by the way we found us has a great
title Star Wars seven Manchester five
but but the expanded universe stuff I
mean that that stands zero chance of
being brought back into any kind of
continuity I mean that is now gone for
good that's all at a trash can and it's
gonna stay there forever yeah yeah but
yeah but so this is but this is what
she's saying is is right now it doesn't
matter to her cuz like if the new Star
Wars movie is bad it won't matter for
her because she has the books and that's
her that's her sequel okay and if guys
are good then she'll be okay with it
because the movies are good
that's a healthy attitude this is the
thing I'm still sad that now there will
definitely never be another Jedi Knight
dam but it probably would have been crap
anyway but the way the game industry is
and the fact that EA owns the license so
actually you know what I'm kind of glad
about that now I'm changing I have just
changed my opinion nice cuz I forgot
that VA own Star Wars at least they
doubted or owned it but they they have
like the exclusive rights to make Star
Wars games for the next I don't know how
many decades or whatever but do they
yeah the Disney a poll Disney upheld
that deal that was that was what do you
mean I tell them that was after the
Disney takeover Oh was it yeah I I don't
I tried really hard not to pay attention
to Star Wars I'll be honest with you
even in the realms of gaming one stroke
I forgot what item I got loved monstro
as an enemy
I love his character design but I feel
like I faced him a lot to get the
special item can you go back yeah I can
go back you're you're you're beating us
ass it's not like you're gonna lose to
this guy no no what the fuck Jax Oh
Holly
wow that was you for subscribe that was
not close at all Jackson Holly Jackson
Holly oh whatever
Nexen Holly thank you please subscribe
oh I remember what I got I got the bomb
thing I have homing bombs that's what my
item in the dumb item hi oh let's see
what this Oh John key lo Cascio
crocodile brain Ridge Revenge of the
force that would be a horribly generic
name revenge it's it's not better than
the force awakens so the force awakens
make sense cuz he'll like it's it's
gonna be about the kids right it's been
a while since there's been a real Star
Wars movie so you know it's like Star
Wars been reborn it's it's a it's a
meadow reference huh it is ya know it's
a better reference to end it but it I'm
sure it will make sense in the story
wise where it's like the children of the
jedis and the force is coming back to
being a real thing because there was
only yeah oh sure I'm sure that'll play
into a two but I'm sure the titles also
a reference the fact that there hasn't
been a good Star Wars movie in thirty
years or just a Star Wars if we if we
stop counting the prequels as Star Wars
movies life gets a lot easier
please stop talking about fucking star
wars we can't we're damned if we do
we're damned if we don't Jack it's true
right listen
it came up we're gonna talk about it
like I think say stuff like we do it a
lot what are you talked about star wars
in a stream right besides the odd
reference we never like to discuss the
star wars or maybe you know what maybe
that was sarcastic raishin maybe maybe I
could see that as being sarcastic oh
geez guys stop talking about star wars
stop playing games I think we've talked
about this at some point before they're
asking me about TIE fighter now that
game has been re-released on GOG yeah
III love gog they release DRM free games
you've heard me bitch about that before
I'm still gonna plug them because I like
them I don't know whether or not it's
worth it to buy it because I still own
the original disc for those right I'm I
own all of that shit I'd be like
rebinding it you know but yeah because
so the question is how easy is it for
you to play right now yeah it's a little
bit of pain in the ass get that shit
running yes
and so it's like is it worth it for you
just for ease of running when I don't
have money coming out of my ass I had
ten dollars could be used for other
things I can't I don't know if I could
justify something I already own even
though it would be a more convenient
version of something there you go cuz I
can I can get it running you know I mean
it's pain in the butt but I can do it
sure I'm with you
I think there's stuff in pots now you
waste a bum wasted a bum need a key rich
need a key I don't have any keys looks
like you need a heart no no it's um part
of the new seeker room come on Kiki part
of the oh sorry you're right part up one
of the new things is you get these
random darkness rooms we're like you
can't see stuff sometimes it's the map
that you can't see and now I can't see
how many hearts I have left okay
so I I don't think I've gotten hit yet
on this level but even if I had like
just half a heart and I was about to die
I wouldn't know which is that that's
sounds like a pain in the ass well it's
you know it's part it's part of the
Delian oh sure sure part of the fun do
you think it's fun I'm just gonna sit
here I'm being told that gog is working
on some kind of online gaming thing well
I I don't give a shit about multiplayer
so I I have not followed that at all I
literally have not followed that at all
son I'm sure it's great fine it's fine
there you go just fine I'm sure it's
great fun everything's fine everything's
gonna be great fine
a basement that's my favorite classic
Sierra game um I was always fond of the
Space Quest games though my absolute
favorite one of all time quest for glory
- it was and I always seemed like the
most epic the most to do on that one
um yeah big fan of that one my opinion
of hmm hey Chad what is this black book
I haven't seen this item before and I
think I have plenty of hearts so this
might be worth it tell me what this
black book is so go ahead rich uh okay
hi oh they want me to get the tail
what's the tail what are they doing I
don't know what they do
yeah quest for glory for was good but
quest for glory - I think might have
been the last one they made we actually
had to type in things and
point-and-click to me it's always you
just you figure out what you click on
and that's how you solve puzzles just by
randomly clicking on shit the ones react
they actually have to type in what you
would do with things that you find and
what you could see I mean it made you I
think I made you think more about what
you were doing and I I like that okay I
think I think I think quest for glory
too was might've been the last game they
made that had a a parser when you
actually typed in actions oh the book is
a usable item that increases damage for
the room as not where the heart that's
not worth a heart and I don't know what
that tail is oh fuck oh I needed those
what do you think do you think there
will be a post credit scene for Star
Wars I know that's not their thing
that's nuts that's yeah that's not Star
Wars style Star Wars as man has never
done anything like that
somebody says tail and vulnerability for
three rooms the three rooms Oh freak
rooms okay um oh yeah all right we'll
give it we'll give it a try I don't
think I've ever used the tail before oh
well give it a try I'm like Samson
that's pretty
all right you have plenty of soul hearts
there ask they're also asking if they
think movie will have opening credits
with Disney involved I think they will
try to stick as closely as they possibly
can to the visual style of the classic
Star Wars trilogy yeah I think right I
think you're still gonna see the exact
same opening text crawl the extent exact
same Star Wars flying at the camera to
start his face pan down it's gonna be
the exact same thing they've they've
done in all the movies absolutely yeah
they're gonna they're going to make as
classic a Star Wars movie as they can
it's gonna be it's gonna be a nostalgia
overload is what it's going to be yes
and you know what I'm sure it will be
absolutely acceptable yeah the problem
won't be a Fox logo but as they can
how's that come on guys no there won't
be a fox
who's saying that'll be different yes
that will be different okay you got you
got a will not put the logo of their old
distributor the music they use is that
like a classical piece of music that
they can use that dump dump dump uh
didn't it a duck done
that's guys I suppose they might they
might try and get the rides just to use
that it won't be the same without the
20th Century Fox open oh come on what
the fuck does this tail do I don't know
what I got myself into with this tail
because the person was wrong about the
invulnerability I don't I don't I have
no idea I thought it was like a usable I
know but I don't know get in my I don't
see it as usable I don't know what I
don't know it does end it really it
doesn't matter do you think of some
point this is just reading a question
the will will get a Plinkett review of
episode 7 we haven't even seen it it
might might be the best movie ever made
there might be no reason to do a Plinkett
review our knows who knows I'm sure I'm
sure if there's some about the movie
there probably would but who knows
that's the real thing we don't know
anything like they just wrapped filming
right yes yes we know nothing about the
movie
just say yes which yes
no not not only will there be a new
Plinkett review of episode 7 it comes
out tomorrow yes
so you know keep keep your eyes open
keep your eyes open tomorrow we're brand
new finger view of episode 7 now they
actually had Mike on set and he was
looking at some of the stuff so he's
gonna do a review based off of the day
and a half that he was there for filming
so it should be really exciting guys
guys thank you so much guys they're
happy little food now like shooting the
poops with my tears that's a real
fantasy
are you are you worried at all not
worried if I mean do you think it's
weird that that JJ Abrams has already
decided he wasn't going to direct the
other movies that they've already found
even director yes because III worry they
don't have any idea what they're doing
uh-huh as a whole and they're just kind
of winging it you know that says
something yeah it really does cuz you
know directors writers people who work
in Hollywood that's like a it's like a
freelance thing and you're always
banking off of your next job and so to
get a big franchise like this much like
the Star Trek franchise and and kind of
pooh-poohing it right away is yeah
that's definitely a sign that something
is wrong and that something could be
just as simple as like Disney wanting or
control which could be a good thing you
know like maybe Disney wants him to make
it a certain way and that could turn out
to be good and no offense to JJ Abrams
as a director but you know sometimes he
needs a little help and he's a big
enough name where if he just wants 100%
control over a film he can get that
somewhere else yeah so
but it does not speak well to the film
right from the get-go I you know I'm not
worried because like I'm just not I
can't be that invested in it I'm not
saying that the guy who directed looper
isn't talented that's not the issue the
issue isn't weird that JJ Abrams who's I
think I've heard somewhere his dream was
always the direct Star Wars movie has
already decided not to do the sequels
yeah it sounds like there are already
troubles in in paradise yes if this was
if this was his dream project and
everything was turning out hunky-dory
he would have he would have signed a
contract to direct all of them and
animated features and you know
everything the TV commercials you know
so fucking guys in there poop
I'm not killing it rich I'm not killing
it with this game and I'm okay with that
cuz that's how this game works
the fun one
make that one no keys goddamn keys
monkeys you should be sorry it's your
fault blame you did you see did you see
it over watch you keep it up on
overwatch I don't know anything about
overwatch what does overwatch overwatch
is a new Blizzard game you got obviously
you weren't paying attention to it
because it's an online only multiplayer
shooter oh right the Wii it's it's very
Team Fortress 2 uh-huh it's you know a
class based shooter with a very cartoony
art style mm-hmm so I'm immediately
interested because what you want it
looks like a thing that I are he like
yes and terrible things about me but I
don't care a lot of life what you like
Jack yeah favorite no problem no problem
I got your back jack
you got my back
fucking flies hey we gotta what the fuck
ginger hell thank you for subscribing be
really efficient
ginger hell kind of a fun I like it if
rich likes it I like it like yeah Jay
jamsi you keep asking that stupid Mass
Effect American flex laters question and
I'm I'm not answering it because it's
stupid so you can stop asking that
question now now is the time for you to
stop doing that repetitive thing and you
know what that's the best answer ever
thank you my answer is shut up oh yeah
feeling good no keys but feeling good
I'm sorry
keys just completely random yeah yeah
all that all the item drops are
completely random and so like right now
I have no keys and no bombs and you need
keys to unlock the the golden rooms that
give you like new powers and so like my
my stats are not really good and I don't
have great powers which sucks but
nothing you can really do about that Oh
keys no bombs yeah I'll talk about it
big hero six in a bit I wanted to talk
about overwatch a little bit more
the trailer looks amazing obviously
because it's it's not gameplay footage
it's just a pre-rendered like it's a
movie I thought that right but you know
like the the interesting thing for me
because it's so clearly modeled after
Team Fortress 2 and like Blizzard is
like really locking on with this kind of
freedom freemium model with like other
games it's you know like I do wonder
like are they I think I stick with
free-to-play like what are what are they
gonna do what is it you know I'm like
what in the class is gonna be like I'm
very excited to play overwatch if it's
free if it is like full retail price if
it's a $60 game then it can go fuck
itself ok shooter you already have team
40 I already have papers too and I'm not
paying for another Team Fortress 2 but
it's free I'm gonna play the shit out of
it these wall spiders are new enemy you
can go ahead fuck right off also there's
something you know something just that I
like because it's fun to point out like
other people's I will call it hypocrisy
but like you at Blizzcon they made it
the whole whole big deal out of like
equality and how all gamers need to
treat each other cool which I thought
was really nice cuz you know obviously
Blizzard is a huge game company and
they're like hey let's be cool yeah I
think we should start treating female
game characters not just female gamers
but female game characters with respect
and then they show the trailer for
overwatch and it's all the women are
like scantily clad and wearing cat suits
and it's like come on listen
it was just it was just a fun little fun
little piece of uh I don't know irony or
hypocrisy here something like that it
was funny funny things are keys that's
all I have to say about overwatch I'm
excited about it I have I had less to
say than that ah nothing to say about
overwatch that's trailer I haven't seen
Brook unwind shooter which should I'm
not gonna play but this is an
online-only shorter yep as I figured
some somebody did ask me what I like
about back to the future they also said
they heard it was my favorite movie
which one of them I don't think I've
ever said it was my absolute favorite
but but still I love the movie Back to
the Future just has a tight script
everything in Back to the Future is set
up and payoff you know yeah I can be
with you ever every single thing I think
everything they mentioned in that movie
eventually has a payoff yeah
I can be with you on that you're gonna
absolutely 100% be with me on that
