Episode 117
SUPER DUPER Mega Man X (Part 1)
November 22, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0eKVKKowYY
___________________________________________

okay guys we're back sorry about that
resizing awesome resizing action there
you just played Mega Man don't worry
about okay here we go sorry about that
Jack concurrently confirmed from other
countries it's true exactly this is
because we didn't string booth true
you're right
ah confirmed for Jace's that there are
good streams and bad streams but mostly
okay okay oh yeah yeah yeah then there
bad things but mostly bad that was a
great soundtrack yes and rich is kicking
ass already Jack what do you think about
the new england title oh Jesus
hold on for a second money for hack
frauds just subscribe thank you for
subscribing and that's a hell of a name
we're gonna sound like a charity please
give money for hack frauds a clockwork
Stalin thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I think we did we
talked about it on Sunday the force
awakens yes it's fine
what else what else are you gonna call
it yeah it's Star Wars it's hard to come
up with names that don't just outright
outright sounds silly yeah can't do it
it's about like a new hope Return of the
Jedi you know like these are all kind of
cheesy name I mean you know you're used
to it you grew up with it but I'm sure
at the time the Empire Strikes Back
something really weird yeah yeah it's
true
you know what I wanted to call it and I
was sad because after I named it googled
the name and somebody else come up with
it yeah I wanted to call it Star Wars 2
electric Naboo galloon but somebody
somebody already came up with me to do
that just how the greatest joke it's
fine that's fantastic Joe you know what
I think the the - electric Boogaloo
thing is kind of oh you know what I got
him in the ground floor I was saying
that about things before I was saying
when I was younger in order to see Star
Trek or anything with Star Trek 3 at a
drive-in theater I also had to sit
through breaking - electric Boogaloo
okay so when I was younger that was
always a thing oh I like that bleeped X
star wars 7 so very very tired see that
would be a great sale Star Wars 7 not a
prequel not a pretty cool that's
literally that's their entire market
image that's basically what they mean by
the force awakens yeah
Star Wars you used to know it's back
it's awake it's not that crap we've been
shoveling out so you know like everyone
kept talking about like these like the
real props that they were using it's
like who gives a fuck I do that's neat
yeah who gives a fuck oh no you know no
the props gives actors shit to work with
you're wrong about that I don't care
about this kind of stuff I do I don't
care about that kind of stuff I think
they were only doing that to say like no
no no this is this is not a prequel
movie well that's why they were taking
photos of it and posting that shit but
still I outside of anything else
anything that's good I think it's a good
thing that's good for the actors trying
to act in the movie okay it's good for
people making the movie that's a good
thing okay you know what
props aren't for it
yeah alright yep even that I guess my my
cynicism was in full overblown in full
overload because I knew they were just
releasing them as a way to say no no
these movies aren't being made okay yeah
yeah you know it's just too much I have
no skin to up you guys hear this
we are yelling we're yelling
yeah okay you know what there give
that's right I Jack says give me more of
those CG animals and poops and farts
right yeah no yeah you're right
like I said I was in all I was doing was
being cynical because I knew that it was
important as a marketing ploy the
release the the supposed the leak of
these photos was a marketing ploy yeah
that much is true and and so all I was
thinking is all I was doing was being
cynical and I was being too cynical and
I apologize right
crazy Belmont said Star Wars Episode
seven an apology yes that's exactly
can't get the secret thing
Mac Mac that's right Mega Man is a mech
inside of another match Superman comes
probably a humanoid
mecha backs a robot robot I just got a
fan and says I just found out that there
are real people that believe in Jedi ISM
and have started a religion yes Star
Wars fans are fucking nuts I know our
fans are starters fans
yeah but you're all fucking Don Stepp
stop
some of y'all some of y'all can be a
little nuts could be a little business
yeah oh my god yeah yeah so a little
like life not give it up no never give
up you should have given up we're gonna
prove enough that this is I come close
to doing it before I got no I got
hammered on the last boss yeah
like I always like to Megaman this was
definitely one of those to hard games
for Jack really oh yeah I mean I've
always enjoyed it I guess you were a lot
younger than me when this came out yeah
like the Joker we're not using in this
episode like when this came out I think
I was like ten
and you were probably 42 yeah it's a
good joke rich
it's an except it's funny cuz you're a
little you're slightly older than I am
the difference between 13 and 6 it's big
one yeah oh absolutely
I don't know when this came out I'm sooo
many 191 ok so it's 10
there you go
Oh is a Martha Washington Star Wars
Episode seven magic in the moonlight
that's what this would be like because
they want to do more as the Star Wars
universe yeah and that's like the rohnke
okay okay it's like the who thanks magic
they're gonna run that franchise into
the ground
yeah yeah of course they're that's what
they're gonna be the other thing we
talked about on Sunday was how how angry
must need the huge hardcore fans be that
they're Expanded Universe continuity has
essentially been thrown in the dumpster
I'm ceremoniously thrown in the dumpster
yeah but you know the bill
it's like Marvel right they'll be the
book universe and they'll be the
cinematic I think everything is
different yes
oh yeah I think they're not gonna do two
universes they're not they're just not
I mean they have to do I got me the book
so is it your hair the Empire that
didn't happen yeah
too bad so sad is gone I'm sure that
there are some people that were really
into those books back in these days of
course we're gonna shoot the wall let's
see oh my god these things in the wall
jack
I've identified you work it didn't seem
like they might your big serious I did
you say so
I don't think you were doing a thing I
was I was I almost certainly don't
believe you because why it's what I say
why are you know and yes I thought
you're just being stupid they were on
there obviously the whole thing hair to
the empire hair to the empire tank
that's something you don't have to worry
about anymore
damn it's true it's really true
Jackie's a liar I am a liar I just
wasn't lying about that but in general
shut up jack
Chris played Mega Man X with his
grandkids last weekend
I have never listened to the megaman
block opera what this is someone asked
me if I've ever listened to the Mega Man
no I get play make my legends no
underrating we're gonna have to scream
that when these days okay
it's like mega man needs Zelda oh okay
sure 3d mega man needs ova
Oh 3d pie yes okay
yeah like I I've never in fact I've
never pretending that everyone's I want
to like be like Milwaukee Symphony
Orchestra has life you know video games
classics as performed by the Milwaukee
Symphony Orchestra you know stuff like
what I've never done that okay there's
some good video game music there is
there's some really good video game I'm
sure I'm sure but then I do you know the
real thing is then I have to leave my
house
it's definitely something
extra megaman ripoff of zelda confirmed
we'll see we'll see that's 3d not heroes
that was tough time to appreciate good
things and so bleep you can do it
don't don't about stuff you don't like
yeah jak confirmed for shutting is true
except for I'm out of my house now
sometimes I don't like to leave my house
that's how it works
where's Jay Mike and Jesse they went to
go see a movie but you should be glad
long.this they went to go see a movie
for work
just got done building well nothing I'm
not really done but we just finished
doing a lot of work on the last major
space cop set and then they want to say
well we have to watch yes yeah I came to
the studio today that reeks of paint
there was some work happening today
oh we didn't pay anything we're just
humming thanks nice
they did go to saving the hours ago
that's how long it takes to see they
don't they just want people hold on we
just something felt that was in back
probably nothing probably nothing
might be ghosts
okay sucker but that guy if we call
security
I have no idea what that was
all of a sudden we're in here we're in
here playing and we hear like it almost
sounded like a like a bucket like an
empty plastic bucket falling on the
concrete and that was pretty pretty loud
it was loud enough we're both rich and I
heard it over mega man and we're
startled and some degree my hairpiece
fella and as it turns out yes that's the
worst hairpiece I've ever seen my my
hairpiece that looks like a ball bitch
yeah yeah that seems redundant roof
falling in is the new getting another
beer no I did not get a beer we deserve
a nice
did I kill a bucket I did not kill your
right sick Nick bro we should make a
horror game about a bucket falling well
playing Mega Man that's funny
oh that's a that's a good question there
I use a program called controller mates
and that's my control that's my like jr.
key but for a Mac controller mates and
there is a free version out there it
only lets you map ten buttons but that's
all I needs to provide big reminder all
you care about that's all I care about
but if you have rebirth that has full
controller support so you shouldn't need
you shouldn't need anything if you have
a Mac though you need to make sure you
get the driver for whatever controller
you have like if you have an Xbox 360
controller there's a special max driver
that you have to download for it to work
so something very important for for
binding of issac class
aDNA Filippo Bruno says he's just
downloaded starter pack oh it's sweet
rich is very excited about that
oh yeah yeah the ps3 DualShock is a good
Mac controller as well and I've seen
people get it work wirelessly through
bluetooth I can't get mine it takes some
doing but I prefer the xbox360
controller that's my controller to it
oh we did a while yeah I don't know what
dunkey was walking about I think just
about winning apparently that was clutch
oh it shouldn't have gotten that clutch
it was it was it was bad to begin with
how's that yeah yeah where's the next
I'm actually I go for the armor first
rather than whose weapon works on lug
maybe that's stupid but I don't give a
shit
you know I think we will do we keep
talking about like doing all the venture
games they want to play we keep talking
about doing adventure games I think
that'll be a nice dream one night it's
just pick one adventure up beat it surf
I'd beat in tonight you might be able to
do multiple that's what Betty Bob which
one's better
Richie totally missed our thing we're in
that other level and the usual stage
where's that but yes we are gonna play
adventure games both of us like
adventure you do I didn't know that
prevent the same station before I don't
remember it oh oh you know what we had
this conversation during the alien
isolation talk about atmosphere and
character in game yes and adventure
games obviously you know me I'm more
than QP laser oh yeah God but adventure
games have the characters and
personality stuff to make up for what
they're lacking twitchy gameplay mmm
usually they're funny they're fun they
let you use your bringing and I like
that
there's a heart tank on the top and left
area of storm you okay there's a weep of
faith across the air platforms and okay
now it's been a while I don't I don't
know who alex jones is I can't tell you
what I think is George
oh yeah well she's great I don't know if
it's a boy some of that most Alex's I've
known a Ben Mitchell okay
I've known to Alex drugs and three Alex
boys that's why it's closed really yeah
why Alex's
how do we fall on my ass I said oh
they're saying rich should go to the
very bottom and all the way to the right
energy take up here - I'm not a steak I
must have gone for that
oh dear future I have heard of I have no
mouth and I got the scream I've heard
it's good
Alex Jones is a carnival barker got one
can I come to see the thinning the
amazing thing it's here it's you deep
yeah we don't know who that is so it
doesn't I'm sorry there person you like
or dislike and you wanted us to confirm
or deny the thing you know yourself I
know Chuck Jones's jokes great
oh he's like a conspiracy theory guy
well okay great good for him
all radical asks well you guys ever do a
marathon stream you know for charity or
something
Ola oh my god rich is handing me the
Mega Man controller he has a phone call
I don't know what I'm doing I'm a man
okay to answer your question this is
just this megaman music it's just too
long for you so we're gonna turn it off
or not turn a I'm just gonna turn it
down a little bit to answer your
question yes we don't know what we're
doing it but if an opportunity comes up
to do some sort of stream for charity
then yes we will do a marathon stream
and it will be a lot of fun we have
talks we have talks through the idea of
doing some sort of long-form charity
stream and we are all okay with it in
general check now is your time to shine
don't blow it
it's me now I'm back baby riches back I
didn't blow it because I didn't do
anything okay
well that's good it is that's good that
you didn't do anything
Oh everybody right now listen to Josh of
Vince everyone needs to go look up a
video called too many cooks it's the
greatest thing on the Internet in a
while did you watch it oh my god rich
forgot completely about it rich forgot
completely to watch too many cooks watch
to go watch too many cooks right now
rich is just by Mega Man too many cooks
is more important any energy saved up oh
well oh well I don't need
then at the Maddow's three and eight
wants to know what we think of Shadow of
the Colossus I think Shadow of the
Colossus is great I have a super fun
time playing it it's it's a great idea
for game and everything about it felt
fantastic clutch again that's great rich
I have one beautiful channel the classes
yes yes everybody can get out of your
system right now look Jack fuck
and Jack get it out of your system
Rich's knuckle in channel oh my god rich
okay well we need to do that one night
okay
yeah I might have guessed when just oh I
never had it
so then deal with it oh my god where is
the last no we're not on the Wii U we
are playing megaman x a lot of Super
Nintendo on an actual Super Nintendo if
you don't believe me here hold on
because now everyone thinks that we
emulate everything
when I blow a picture of Twitter to
prove that we are that we are playing on
a Super Nintendo and you know it's true
because I'm giving a thumbs up
I'll tell you
what do you do I'm trying to find the
last I think it's the last armored hit
yeah okay bolo post in it's Twitter now
okay
what the fuck indeed sloshed from duck
tales just subscribe thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Ankush out the Colossus is just one of
those fantastic games where I don't even
know I don't even know if I want to
stream it with rich it's just it's such
a beautiful experience it's just it's
one of those games that should be taught
as far as mailing atmosphere you know
you're alone in the wilderness in the
desert you can just you and your horse
and your sword man giant monsters
sprayed it's beautiful shatter the glass
is a beautiful plant you know what I did
not play ICO so
you play I go LM Philip boa Bruno if you
send us the shadow Kostas I code ps3
disk yes we will play that is the
absolute truth yeah we can do that and
if you want we can even play it on strim
well have rich put on the headphones Jay
and I will talk about bullshit well rich
experience okay don't come experiences
Shadow of the Colossus yeah
oh you know what I never I have not
played any of any of the postal yeah
yeah okay that's all I heard was like
Hannifin they're going for like shock
kind of thing yeah it's not the most
mature thing in the world
totally not take asks Jack and or rich
do you guys like Aqua Teen Hunger Force
ish I don't love it more than anything
else kind of a soft yeah okay
I remember when when Adult Swim was
first becoming a thing and I could see
it like the first season of Aqua Teen
Hunger Force to lose my fucking mind
that's something that weird and funny
could exist on television it just gets
old
yes that was the next part of it okay
what's the fuckin d-detective mini cup
detective video thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated but
yeah you know they they run out of
prints honest even Ben I remember like
the other what else is all of them adult
something like a Sealab 2021 was
hilarious oh god I'm sorry
Sealab 2021 I watched a lot more than
magazine
there's a lot of good stuff
but of course you know like I also just
really like Space Ghost because the
ghost before
I don't like Space Ghost that much
really yeah I had like all the brac
solidness don't touch me
frisky dingo yeah we've talked to oh
there's a dingo
yeah and home movies to home movies I've
seen them oh you know what a hold of
these is really great if you are Phil
tiger it's just a beautiful a beautiful
love letter to young filmmakers and of
course very funny that's you know this a
lot of people can't get down a little
squiggle vision or whatever you call
that animated native dr. Katz animations
yeah but it works learn same creators
just dr. cancer city animators okay I
think different writing theme they
replaced Paula Poundstone yeah and I
really enjoy Paula Poundstone as a
comedian and I thought the other lady
who played
Metalocalypse is great of course yes
it's favor I mean all that stuff it was
great and you know for a while stuff
like that did not exist on television or
at all really
so the fact that we were getting weekly
doses of that
was amazing
Harvey turn Harvey Birdman attorney at
law that was fun to H John Benjamin is
the tits you're right yes yeah it's got
a great voice yes not only a great voice
but that man knows delivery
he knows out of times and shit mother
fucker
see McFly amick murderface says the
woman who replaced paula poundstone was
way better
I like bouncer man I thought I thought
she did it but I also just like Paula
Poundstone mezack me
Alec when Alec Baldwin for voice
insanity I don't know
oh you know what I did not see fat guy
stuck in Vietnam Fandango
that was that was later adults - I've
been doing light action shit not stolen
Vig on that man nation that's what fat
guys took in the internet was that was
like a it was supposed to look like a
cheap cheesy old Syfy show Kurt told you
fuckers no you know what do whatever you
want make more Venture Brothers no do
whatever you want because you know what
happens when I do whatever they want
they get too many cooks wait till you
see it right all right it's really good
confirmed hipster who me probably all
right did you ever see dirt Merengues
dark place no no that was brilliant I
don't remember the power-ups
Darth Merengues dark place was meant to
look like 50s BBC sci-fi where basically
everything is set in a black room that
there's a smoke machine okay and it's
totally okay dark place is really great
that's all I got so we could try and
beat this game or mine it looks like it
I don't know how you doing I mean you
have a lot of robots ago I have not
continued once
oh okay well I mean listen we're playing
until you get tired of playing this
house go Lukas farts say whatever movie
Jade Mike and Jesse are watching is a
long fucking movie all right so guys now
you can look up movie times and figure
out what movie they're watching is based
on how long the movie is and I'm sure
they might not have went out to eat or
anything afterwards yeah that's the
thing I'm sure they were gonna wash to
get back here they've they did say they
were coming back fun maybe they got a
bite to eat maybe they're just chatting
these are all things that could happen
yeah that's what you're good you're
chatting with Jackie rich that's how it
was rolling tonight I'm sorry we're not
enough Oh
gratefully sorry
it happens you know what and it happens
it's sitting there calling my picture of
my sense Photoshop tell Jack what he
should be doing in the picture and he'll
take another one yeah absolutely because
it's incredibly important that you have
to know that it's an original system
well it actually just these things are
for some reason important yes for me I
just emulate the hell out of everything
I know you do it's not it's exactly the
same it's designed to be the same hold
on there they're asking me for a dick
pic of course name they're saying
they're saying a dick pic well looking
firm looking firm that that were really
playing
okay all right guys hold on I can't
bring Jesus then we're gonna hold on
ready oh wait we're just pause it for a
second they need to hear this
all right ready you guys you can hear
what I'm doing
there's me unzipping my pants check
we've wrapped up fine yours oh my guys
I'm gonna send my dick pic and dick baby
posting oh I guess I could have unzipped
my sweater yeah no I really unzipped my
pants for the sound effects but I could
have I wish you did those of your swing
yeah that would about it that probably
would have made a better zipper noise
than my relatively short pants if I'm
not here everybody I'm no longer here I
know somewhere else I know you guys knew
over your doing as soon as
as soon as I said dick pic everyone got
when I was doing Oh keyboard Jeff on
Twitter says amazing so big the dicks
too big it's funny
Oh Mike get a sweet tooth right that
isn't Deadly Prey poster back there yes
you
the dick pink is a pig I'm rich in his
dick the birthday book sure oh my god
clickbait oh my god we could we could
make a little port of new key tapes
around with the Super Nintendo we could
have done that but you guys asked for a
dick pic so they're saying homing
torpedo and those anyone fucking me up
I don't know if I have a strong opinion
I saw your question before crazy about a
lot about our opinions on Family Guy
yeah I don't really have a strong one I
don't I don't have it's a thing that you
could watch yeah sometimes it's fine
sometimes it's not I know a lot of a lot
of people hold on
I haven't I do have a thought of family
Oh Jack has left the building he's going
home I think he can't take it anymore
so the important thing I wasn't sure how
long were you're streaming tonight so I
didn't want to have a beer but it looks
like we're gonna be streaming for a
while so I got you okay so I do have a
feeling on Family Guy which is they get
accused a lot only doing referential
humor and some and I don't think it's as
true as everyone accuses them oh my god
Richard what are you doing not winning
don't not game over yup nice all right
current and many times they will use
these and they will use a reference as a
setup to induce but that's not just like
there's a difference between using a
reference as a setup and just making a
reference and having that be the joke
you know and so like any any of Peters
like that's stranger than if Mega Man
was in the Hyrule you know like I'm
gonna cut to a little bit Mega Man right
that's just using a reference as a setup
to a joke that's not necessarily a bad
thing but they also just reference stuff
and that can't be bad but yeah sometimes
it's funny sometimes it's not I have no
strong opinions oh those guys nauseous
what kind of beer liquor here I'm
drinking New Glarus Brewing Company Moon
Man no Coast Pale Ales so fine gifts
fine declares beer st. people who makes
pot account recommend another book
jacket finish the wool that was good
woman great I actually don't know what
I'm reading next I'm just gonna see what
else he wrote our wait did you read all
the other ones in the in the silo series
after wool there's the shift series
which is like the prequel to wool and
then after that is uh is dust which is
the which is the episode 7 it's a wall
you're saying words yeah it's about
books so there's there's like two other
collections after wool that take place
in the same universe they're not as good
as wool but I'm doing well so much that
I just liked living in that world a
little bit longer so
didn't you start reading whoa like three
months ago no I finished whoa like three
months ago whoo that's an important
question jack what does a pizza roll
taste like crap
oh you're going that direction I was
gonna I was gonna give it up flower
interview
what do you mean pizza rolls tastes like
failure I love pizza rolls I really do
it delicious it tastes like cotton gooey
deliciousness kind of like a pizza kind
of like a roll strategise do it
rich doesn't have the heatsink he won he
only has what he has I have to be the
octopus guy to get that I am the octopus
guy instead i strategized my way out of
the situation by using the weapons that
weren't designed to beat this guy
effectively because I fucking rock
fairly impressive I'm happy with that
yeah that was that was impressive rich
is mega man that's for it
he used his lion brain to beat the ha
that's ready jack
totally not Jake asks if I've ever tried
Reds strawberry ale I don't care much
for the for that kind of like hard cider
apple ale or stuff like that so no
there's nothing in here really it's just
it's a dead end
all right so waste of everybody's time
oh my god you guys all right this is a
great song
no I know that's it's not nice to call
it bitch beer it's you know what drink
whatever you like drink in it and that's
fine it's just not what I care for
anything so where did I'm missin missin
back here rich go down for something
mister mister lover right
Jack have you ever had non-alcoholic
beer they get that Holloway I remember
okay uh I think I remember right
oh my god nice nice use boomerang get it
all over to that babe you got it
it's definitely funny girl bitch no no
drink whatever you like exactly like if
you like if you like our insider that's
great
do what you do whatever you want all the
time that's a rule number one right
turn down for what
like I'm on my last life now right
hacked me oh no I hate this fucking
thing
joslyn's Adar asks a very good question
rich cannot answer it now because he is
facing up what is that he's facing a
robot uterus and he needs to implanted
like he's cool I like how I like the
water flows though flow okay so here's
the question right yeah cool in a in a
good Mega Man movie who would play Mega
Man a good one probably wouldn't be
live-action anyway I don't know let's
assume let's assume it's a lie let's
assume there's a good live action later
jean-claude Van Damme yeah that is not
the correct answer
for literally any other movie that is
our goodness Samuel Jackson yes they go
that's true I'm tired these robots in
this motherfucking level
I'm tired these motherfucking snake
robots from motherfucking snake man does
this arm cannon say bitch - you know I
got the cord all fucked up but you know
tell me with Nizam Kansas it says badass
motherfucker binary mother fucker do you
speak it
that's okay yeah you know like that's
actually a tough question is like the
bigger questions like what personality
doesn't make a man yeah it's a weird
thing to cast yeah a very weird question
but you know someone kind of think you
know like did you ever read up like
Astro Boy game to come are down no like
that like that Astro Boy I think it's
fun I know the fiance was fond of recent
TV show they made a faster boy oh yeah I
have not seen glad I haven't seen much
of it it's there's a really interesting
ideas in Astro Boy where it's like you
know childlike wonder in a super
destructive robot yeah so I think I
think giving him to like a younger actor
and playing it similarly to that could
be fun Jaden Smith obviously your right
hand you think you know Elijah Wood is
on a different career path dead Dental
Red Cliff
nope nothing
I'm thinkin Daniel Radcliffe yeah
nailed it nailed it that's that's who
would make a great burger man Dan the
ring yes yeah yes he's got that he's got
a little innocents got a little edge to
him boyish even still yep nailed it
yeah he's old now but so good
shark net Charlie day apparently today
would be a great making my baby Daniel
Radcliffe is Megaman and Charl and
Charlie day is X here's the most
important part cast another man not big
a minute dr. Wiley who is dr. Wiley
who's the main villain yeah
Oh
that's that's the question right there
oh my god race you must pay attention
right Christopher Lloyd would be a great
dr. Wiley
I mean he might be dead
no you don't think no he didn't do weird
stuff but dr. Wiley and you seem to be
evil he's great he's like think about
the Framed Roger Rabbit right yeah but
doctor what does he dr. Wiley just can
he beat I'm just saying I just want to
see I guess basically I just want to see
Christopher Lloyd in more things that's
fine he's getting up there yeah I don't
think I could do it anymore but he's
actually too old no like it can't be a
Michele 87 is saying someone like Willem
Dafoe no he's too evil yeah he's too you
need you need cartoony evil yeah what
you need is Christopher Lloyd like 20
years ago
well who else could play to that kind of
over the top but still dramatic people
what the fuck indeed
Xaro poor oh I almost died of instant
death Spock's
zoravar Oh rich almost died because you
subscribed so thank you it's more
entertaining that way
I should really farm there was a bunch
of things I have yeah see like Malkovich
even Gary Oldman who can play anything
as far as I'm concerned and should maybe
Gary love the bitch is the best I've
heard so far no Malkovich is too
over-the-top Gary Oldman can you do the
cartoony did you see fidelity a long
long time ago remember what he wasn't it
so yeah he's he's the bad guy
sit down remember nothing much so yeah
he just heard to me everybody just go to
John Lithgow Jenna let's go yeah we're
back in the game
does dr. wily have to have a German
accent they know is that absolutely
necessary
no dr. Riley does not have that a German
accent I always pictured with the German
access he have a German accent I don't
know he's never had spoken dialogue
anywhere right
John Goodman is the best doctors and ice
maybe dr. John Goodman would be--would
man
oh he would now he's too you can't you
can't have all people be any of the
robot masters
you know you just say Christoph Waltz
because he's in everything right now
ooh Grimm wants to know as far as dr.
Wily's concerned what about it Jim
Carrey Oh
oh my god Grimm you just made you just
favorite to pause the game and
contemplate a Jim Carrey doctor dr.
Wiley
yes oh my god you did yes yes I mean he
would drive up the budget for the movie
we're just uh casting it we're not we're
not we're not sneaking it though there's
a difference
I'm saying I'm saying if we get a Jim
Carrey you know that's that's gonna
we're gonna do a lot more studio
involvement
Adam Sandler as Megaman perfect
bread spider no come on he doesn't he
shouldn't max it anything anymore come
on that's very funny
Oh chug chug Super Nintendo Wow all
right I jumped too late and I died
you did it you did a bad thing down to
zero no way
well how'd I get two more lives Jesus
Christ I'm not doing as bad as I thought
you know what I'm gonna go out on a limb
here and say that I don't like Joseph
gordon-levitt
I've never liked him I've never like
seen obviously a third Rock from the Sun
but I don't like him I dislike I don't
like looking at his face really yeah we
were casting the Mega Man movie Oh who
suggested Joseph gordon-levitt yeah so I
want someone in there you know you know
I suggested for mega man Daniel
Radcliffe really yeah who do you who
would you go with I say no idea about
mega man problem with Mega Man no I know
what he looks like that's about it what
I'm sorry it's not a jerk thing I just
don't like looking at his face I'm sorry
you know I cast Howie Mandel in my part
as Mega Man Howie Mandel as Mega Man
okay
why how ahead Howie Mandel is dr. wily
jack is being kind of Rochelle because
everyone does everyone love Joseph
gordon-levitt is that it's pretty much
everybody I like Jake Gyllenhaal
I like Keanu Reeves I mean I like a lot
of people I just don't like him what
have you seen him he's in everything
what have you seen him in I mean these
days in the Batman Returns that's not
the movie that's Danny DeVito you're
thinking of he said that Batman he's
another Batman Forever
he's in Batman reborn he plays he plays
George Clooney in Batman Forever he's
he's no Howie Mandel is all I'm saying
because how Amanda also plays Batman in
Batman Forever Batman Returns thank
never turns to Mega Man what's the movie
oh yeah different the Dark Knight Rises
oh I don't like him in that it's a light
title because you have Batman Begins
Dark Knight
you need another title there's different
yeah but in the Dark Knight made free
eight billion dollars i assuming that
has a lot to do with it yeah that has
everything to do with it yeah so I
didn't like him in that movie but I also
I just didn't like them something that I
did not even though I liked inception I
didn't like him and inception because
it's kind of fuckin babyface and he's
supposed to be like a doctor scientist
that's kind of my problem Ellen Page in
that movie like she looks like a kid
same thing yeah yeah I'm with you I'm
fine with just a girl
Ellen Page is a second kid I mean I'm
sure he's a nice guy he seems you know
what he seems like a really nice guy did
you like him I'm third Rock from the Sun
yes okay I'm gonna remember about I mean
I know he was on that show but I didn't
really watch it I have the same problem
with Shia little son I loved was just
like at work he I feel I deal in the
same way about him going to be about
dirty birth mother I didn't used to have
a proper Shia LaBeouf's okay whatever
he's mine but but then he started
pulling this plagiarism plagiarism as
art bullshit Paige no idea Ellen page's
Supergirl
oh no Ellen Page in super
about patience right now they're saying
Ellen Page is superb shoes grand
oh and super oh yeah I like it but I
read that as Ellen Page is Supergirl
which I like them you like a super girl
more than super I haven't seen support
you still did you watch it super is
great it's so good okay I believe
I
ouch
