Episode 118
SUPER DUPER Mega Man X (Part 2)
November 23, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA8fEVuvA4M
___________________________________________

ouch
so which Mega Man game is us X Mega Man
X I mean it's actually 10 just called
Mega Man it's just called X because it
was the Super Nintendo Mega Man
so what numbers Mega Man game business 9
I think would be so close I yell then
number the old style ones differently
I've actually gone on the older ones
after they made this yeah in the release
time yes yep x3 x4 x5 and x6
okay so anything except m2x syriza's yes
i mean mr. mustard says jack doesn't
like Dark Knight Rises Jack is fucking
buggin y'all lots of people didn't like
Dark Knight Rises yeah I didn't think
that was a controversial opinion it was
controversial that we defended it so
much did you we did oh you know I don't
watch your show
that's understand we don't watch you
know one of you has to watch it to edit
it now we don't even do that yeah this
is kind of like online we hit buttons
until it until it's a video everyone
thinks the jump cuts are a stylistic
thing
so many pencils and pay the ass yeah
okay you know what the supernintendo
means to some blast proccesing up in
here because man is chugger fun let me
have an emulator because you know that
would happen technically work force
tolerance that allows we don't have them
super metroid deal with us today ah
Super Metroid I'm not sure but we will
play Super Metroid
I love Super Metroid everybody loves
Super Metroid J was a Super Metroid yeah
I played Super Metroid I like Super
Metroid in a small little collection of
games that I played it wasn't a lot
there right rich Nintendo the Super
Nintendo needs a solid-state hard guy
he's nothing he's played megaman can't
see the jokes you can't see the jokes
yes jump kilo or j is where the turtles
in time is in the building
oh yeah but right now with my mega man
so subtle that I guess
isn't there some confusion the Super
Nintendo game is turtles in time right
is what Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for
Turtles turtles in time okay and then
the third Ninja Turtles movie isn't that
also subtitled turtles in time I don't
know about that I bet I they time travel
in the third movie but I do think it's
called Turtles time I just think it's
called it's just a coincidence that
they're both about time traveling I'm
looking this up later okay
if you have the sound on TV because you
can get the sound the situation or yep
so that's that word that's how we're
running it's nice gonna do it and if you
know it's working yeah three is just
call three it's not call turtles in time
okay I guess people just get it confused
with the game because they're both
turtles in time you know that makes
sense yeah
people are saying that that was added
later on video okay that's one brighten
up that video early maybe that was like
the little not like not a part of the
official title it's pretty dumb old club
yeah you've heard this expression cousin
probably you're on the same time right
that game in that movie sure no yeah
well yeah I'm sure get to the bottom of
these things if only I had advice
turtles 3 it was 93 really that late
yeah
the exam room right some classmates that
were excited about it and I was like
really still it got me too old for this
I had some something learned to school
what they wanted to see it okay and the
video game was 91 okay so pretty close
pretty close cryo sixes TMNT three fuck
you it's the nineties yep
that really sucks yeah at it I didn't
see in the theater I saw it I saw that
video later
hey how about Sean wookie 42 thank you
for subscribing we're really appreciated
Jay Mario Mario would like you to
discuss horse vomit and it's pretty
self-explanatory I think okay they got
means horse moments I hit I did find out
later that horses can't vomit so they
kind of throws the whole movie of the
window horses apparently horses are
incapable of vomiting really so yeah so
the whole movies fucked and I gotta have
to disown it now that seems weird I know
you would think anything with you know
be able to apparently there's some of my
horses that don't vomit we only like
grass but is not just that they don't it
so they they're incapable of doing so
that's this is what I understand but
they but they probably have less need to
that insurable sure but you would still
think like no matter what like if you
have a stomach you have the advantage
and an intake you would have the
availability we're all different
well you know maybe if horses were
designed rather than just evolved that
would be the case
John kilo apparently says that also
ferrets Phillips can't vomit this is
what he's saying he's smelling vomit
have you ever been around a ferret those
things sting
apparently junkie a ferret expert people
that first a bite yeah we had ferrets of
my hustle for a little while when I was
growing up and they they stunk space
Comeau wants to know if I grew up on a
farm why am I not a horse
vomiting expert because he did not grow
up in a horse farm yes I did not grow up
on a horse farm also it just has never
come on it's not something you would
think about regularly now that's why I
didn't think about it when I made horse
ramen I didn't do my research and you
know what that's a good tip for people
make a film about something make sure
you know what we can do make sure you
understand the subject thoroughly
absolutely otherwise you horribly
embarrass yourself like I did with horse
wellman I'm supposed to be my
masterpiece
yep and now it's just a joke yeah you've
ruined your career
yeah as a horse vomit filming I had
sequels all planned out
I've seen new treatments and you know we
the real bad part is we've already
secured funding 20th Century Fox has
signed onto caboose and now we're gonna
have to make some really uncomfortable
stuff
because you know it's fun to include
people in the room in the conversation
oh you made me what motor comes I may
just crack that brain brain I did not
grow up on a llama farm I grew up near a
llama farm there on the farm near mark
near our place yep mamas are weird
oh no not llamas you emus big difference
Jaime it was an emu farm there is a
difference something clearly because
they've different names by the way not
only big difference that's weirder yeah
I could see they llamas in Wisconsin no
no emus that's weird
everything's fine just you know when
Chrome runs out of memory chrome ran out
of memory everything's fine Firefox ever
run out of memory I don't know it
doesn't I run out of memory
yeah you're a robot
Mega Man is a robot and you're giving in
a bigger robot is he is Mega Man a robot
yeah oh you didn't know that no I don't
know anything about Mega Man we played a
couple of week that's like a ma'am 101 I
I play very little Mega Man growing oh I
thought I saw does it dude the suit has
he got a human head was he like Robocop
Android data from Star Trek okay yeah
he's a humanoid robot
all right everyone you fight in Mega Man
is a robot all right dig neutral I was
talking about Primus I've been listening
to prom - hi mrs. green both pork soda
and Frizzle Frye have been coming up a
lot on the random shuffle lately I've
had both albums oh yeah fucking Primus
man they're the greatest yeah Primus is
good if you gotta get an album you get
yourself that frizzle fry and rock out
to some good dance
look what songs are on that one that is
like there's a racecar driver
oh yeah there's a sample from Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - enduros racecar
driver
yeah yeah when you hear that dog will
hunt that's what Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Park - no that's I do remember that some
mr. OHS racecar driver said Jerry's
going ones everyone we're known as big
brown beaver is not that one it's true
he was a race car driver I pretty sure
I know a doctor yeah the guy who wrote
Texas Chainsaw Massacre - just died
recently Oh Kirsten secret we're gonna
honor where this I'm just gonna give up
sailing on the sea if cheese is good -
yes I have that one
oh they're saying you are preggers
I know some things and especially when
they're related to sex Chainsaw Massacre
part two yes
my name is bud is a good one to you but
that's poor persona is it I believe I
get albums in which song is around which
albums confused at what I just saw
someone asked asked me the question was
Jack are you mr. know-it-all
the answer is obviously no I know I know
very little about a lot of things though
I think that
Chris J crazy got love the same that eat
Google the horse vomit
yeah and was led to these psychology the
psychology of vomit homepage
that's a bank I'm gonna look into that
sure to have your tissue samples you
heard me that's perverse oh sure mr.
know-it-all is the Primus reference see
that's another thing I didn't know just
like the breakfast I'm not I'm I'm not a
fan I mean I'm a fan I mean I like their
music but you're not well versed in like
song titles and shit like that
that's that's about everything pop
culture that I like that I can
understand that I am very bad at like
remembering actors and actresses names
and you know directors you know that
kind of stuff I'm not good at that kind
of movie stuff I know bring all the
music stuff even things I like I yeah I
can't keep track on a lot of things yeah
are they saying you can climb the wall
rich oh well
that's right gobbledygook enjoy the art
not the artists the artists alone is
responsible for the art though oh shit
you're right Jay how about doing
everyone all of them can we can we talk
about too many cooks speaking of art and
how amazing it is that that thing has
caught on the way it has yes how great
that is cuz people are not just saying
hey look at this weird video like people
are talking about it and dissecting it
and forming like thoughts on what it
means and I think that's wonderful and
it aired during infomercials elsewhere
yeah
no no advertisement no prompting just a
weird thing that happened that you know
3:00 a.m. yeah we talked about this on
Sunday a little bit oh yeah that's our
chance to see it guess you didn't walk
you in watch too many cooks I'm sorry
you want to film me watching it it
probably wouldn't get like a super
hilarious reaction yeah it's super great
you can spoil it for the same I know I'm
not gonna spoil it now if you haven't
seen too many cooks now people are gonna
say it's overhyped so if someone watches
I didn't live up to the hype sure but
when I first saw it it was I think I
don't know it had maybe a couple
thousand views I just saw a thing on the
a/v Club about it and I was like this is
brilliant yes and and it's it's that
kind of comedy that goes into waves yeah
well to me it's more than just the
comedies I think it's just a really
clever short film like there like it is
funny it's like it started out like the
first few minutes there's like okay I
get the joke conceptually I find this
funny I'm not laughing yeah and then it
just goes in such different directions
and becomes this different thing yeah
yeah I just think it's really great that
something like that is caught because
it's essentially an experimental film
and like they have the fact that that
has reached an audience that normally
wouldn't watch something like that it's
it's accessible in a way
a lot of that stuff isn't nothing is
wonderful I mean that's me and it's not
is that it's not smart the cat I don't
remember the cat so let's say yes yeah
Oh its plot
mega plot it's a cutscene fuck it it's
mega plot the only I have bad to say
about too many cooks is that I've had
that song stuck in my head too many
forever now it's it's in there for life
now and the gonk fund out of the dead
that's an endless loop too many cooks on
the gong
you're right the gipsy danger a family
is like a stew actually makes me think
of something I have a story it's a
little bit of a downer we'll try to not
to turn it into too much without okay
but I have a little bit of story think
about coming in right now
I was I was thinking recently on the
very first live comedy that I saw okay
and when I was 16 my cousin big guy
we're super into comedy central stand-up
comedy generally synchros they used to
play a lot of it yeah yeah not as much
anymore and coming to town as an old
comedy cafe that we don't have here
anymore not comedy cafe but like some
comedy chapeau front late I think
there's a cute deal go there now okay
they used to be a comedy bar and the
amazing Jonathan I remember well I think
he's still around yes I remember him
from when I was young young yeah and I
think he went away for a little while
and he kind of came back he never went
away you know where he went
Reno okay or Vegas or he went somewhere
sure magician comedian he he came to
town and he was at this comedy bar
we were only 16 and so we went and our
plan was to talk our way in okay because
you know obviously you can't be in a bar
and so we're talking to the doorman and
he's not he's not budging we're like
listen give us a special wristband we
won't have any dreams we just want to
see the amazing Jonathan we love what he
does to help help us out here no no we
can't do that he's like we can't let you
in unless you are a company
by a parent or guardian okay fun
all the sudden two older ladies have
place their hands on our shoulders and
say oh we're in their mums it's fun this
complete strangers that overheard this
going on and of course Jenny can ever
like so that was me like washing my
hands people can't see you in a good
sure oh fuck this this looks frustrating
rich this is how do you even how do you
even do this I'm assuming there's more
to your story there is okay but that's
alright because I'll just continue down
okay so we see a man it's great I really
do an amazing job it's it's a little
cheesy but you know it's fine
but recently the somewhat bummer of the
story is he just gave a live speaking
events and he is going to die soon oh
yes from wanted from a heart failure oh
god he's not that old either
no oh man just a hard Vegas life Wow
what kind of a bummer but I was really
glad I got to see him live sure first
time I got to see anybody live it was
great so hey everyone go find some
amazing Jonathan and enjoy it while you
can
cuz he's gonna be dead soon that's all I
got I don't see a lot of stand-up comedy
I wasn't really that into it except for
some very specific people so my first
live comedy show was Dora Carlin oh you
want God my great regret in life is I
never got to see joy I so enjoyed was
that most wonderful thing that's amazing
you gotta go to extremes you gotta
either seek legendary people like him
where you go to open mic nights and just
see people fail horribly that is the
greatest thing I like the rooms it's so
awkward cuz they're trying so hard and
they're fumbling over their words and
nobody's laughing it is the best thing
going to an open mic comedy now yours my
love I love open mic nights just because
I am a comedy person so like I in love
and especially if you go back week after
week you get to know the characters they
keep coming back but the good ones you
get to watch them refine their joke okay
see I've never seen any good ones so
everyone I've been through they've been
our aboard the good ones you know cuz
that's why you do open mic nights that's
why you do all this stuff it's like
changing jokes like no sure yeah honing
your craft as they say what so yeah
there's a couple there's a couple good
up there like nature my favorite lady
she was I went to this one like several
weeks in a row because a friend of mine
was doing and I got to know this lady
that showed up every week where the
comically large t-shirt was a picture of
a can on it and she would get up on
stage and she wouldn't tell jokes she
would just tell like stories from being
in college and her friends from college
and this is like a 40-something year old
and she would not even attempt to tell
jokes to just tell stories about her
college experiences
it was it was great she was my favorite
her and she were the same giant capture
every week that's right take the
birthday boy
she was waiting to die it was ladies
pizza I've seen Megan I'm sure there
were venues that have people that show
up that are good yeah the one I went to
just was not one of them well it's you
know sometimes it's really tough because
you know you'll see the same people week
after week and then you see those people
that tell a joke and it bums yeah they
come back the next week and until the
same joke the same way maybe things will
be different this time it's just like
you hit like yeah I could try it a
couple times but man either ditch the
Joker Jam do something but it's cuddly
it's a problem with the audience so if
you do it next week for a different
audience you're gonna get a different
reaction absolutely
which is saying they thought FTL look
intense but know this you know this this
does look kind of nerve-wracking Mega
Man yo I guess come on come on Jeff
wants to know if you have anything to
say about the battery about the battery
oh I love the battery you do you know
the battery rich I I haven't seen it but
I know who made it okay yeah it's it's
some old friends of ours that made it
and it was very happy for them
it's it's a it's a very good movie if
you like slow it's not it's I mean
there's zombies in it which is like
zombies are played out of course but
it's not really about the zombies it's
about these two guys and it's yeah it's
a really good movie I like it a lot and
I'm very happy for those guys and it's
out from scream Factory I'm luring so it
was like oh my old friends and scream
factory got together this is wonderful
bless our drugs we're done though the
mr. blinken half right the brother made
he had to oh yeah the fun facts of the
now-defunct red letter media app was
designed by the editor of the battery so
so there's that
I don't have to you don't know these
things are these people I don't know any
of these things these people that's okay
okay but the battery is is worth
checking out if you're into minimalist
character-driven low-budget horror
builders and it's very funny to their
what what the fuck there was an app
there was there was it's now defunct
because the person that was doing it
does not have time to work on it anymore
so maybe in the future we'll be able to
bring it back hopefully
they're asking where they can't rewind
people yes they were okay that was the
message board good yes you message
orders
this is the one I know oh no oh no no
what intimidating that is funny rich is
shooting the robot emus or lemons it's a
penguin no oh oh before the robot
England but before he was shooting
things that look like a robot ostriches
are already which was kind of a bottom
oh the fuck says he wants his $0.99 back
for that now defunct out
I send us an email liked about the app
damn no the app was great it's just the
person that did it didn't have time to
keep working on it yeah well you know
major it's far from a major but that's
okay no a shop for like six grand oh man
yeah with a crew of like two
you
I've mutation no J has not played PC
yeah
PT it's a video um the last time I
played was outlast and that was great
until it became like a video game and
then I didn't like it yeah I started to
feel like a video game that's the thing
when they won't call a demo a demo right
it's it's a level that's what a demo is
it's usually the full first level in a
game a full level of the game that's
devil it's always been called the demo
and I'm not gonna stop calling a demo
because some idiot wants to call it
which sounds tarted and doesn't tell you
what it is opt is related to another
game right yeah it's a Silent Hill game
Silent Hill oh that's right I think this
has come up before but now because you
liked that good horror game everyone is
recommending other more games that you
need to play because you know the one
people keep mentioning because it's sort
of Twin Peaks II is deadly premonition
listen we'll get to it guys a lot of
games out there we'll get to and I don't
even always feel like playing games they
usually tell it right although I didn't
enjoy outlast for a while I was getting
into it yeah that looked nice it looks
mysterious yeah
PC stands for playable teaser
whole demo on the fucking demo yeah that
make it sound more exciting also like
for all the people that are saying
please the little X J plague
let me out of my cage so I can play
these we're not stopping him sometimes
he wants to play what's the man beep
yeah we are gonna play shadow in the
classes rich is gonna play Jenna other
classes that's that's a game then yeah
there are certain people that love that
game riches have played it
yeah fuckin it's a game called Shadow of
the Colossus it's an amazing game
imagine a game in which there are only
boss battles
oh but the boss and but not only is the
boss battle the battle it's also the
level because they're giant philosophy
colossi is this little reason game No so
it's actually a ps2 game okay and it's
fantastic I'm a monster and rich is a
Monica well obviously actually what are
we talking about that madam said one
would be reign over maybe a No
I think I see right over me um yes no
that's the one we represent he's like a
911 I was way : 11 yeah that's a Shadow
of the Colossus is the game that he is
obsessed with in Reno okay Oh Clem
Fandango makes a good point he says no
play games when we say to play dance for
us don't you know that's a good point
clip that's sure to get you listened to
since you put it that way yep
Mike and Jesse oh yeah I thought Jack
why are you talking to yourself
filled space and time
hey is everybody excited that we're
gonna land a satellite a meteor I
thought that already happened yeah yeah
oh my deal is I feel like it was going
to happen true I gave that the wrong
tense yeah and I apologize is anyone
excited that we landed a satellite on
media I'll be more excited when we land
on something right here baby
I know the man on the moon will be
excited we related a ping on something
moving week underbars what would I care
about our lack what they do in some sort
of life even if happening I would've
liked to see that it's a comet not a
meteor UI UI father as you're correct
okay comet is in space
you're right meteor is when it's falling
and when it's on the earth it's a
meteorite yes those are the different
definitions I think we should be more
scared of those though maybe we
shouldn't be landing things on them
because if I learned anything from
Creepshow means I'm gonna turn into a
giant moss my monster if I come in
contact with a meteor
yeah but most often they give you
superpowers though I guess you don't
know until you try it yeah if you see a
meteor be sure to touch it because maybe
you'll get superpowers what was the bad
9 days with meteor man meteor man India
man and that's not the plot of
Chronicles there found footage movie
that makes an instrument that was a was
that a meteor wow I haven't seen that
since the theater I kinda want to
re-watch that movie I liked it that was
I think it was a nebulous like it was
they were in a cave
who's this guy now banana this is an
armadillo man okay
he turned it into an armadillo did they
have actual names like that like
armadillo man in that are older mega
man's they did I just won this armored
armadillo or something literally silly
okay
oh you fucker Jack why are you talking
to yourself again I'm psyching myself up
to tell you sound like a crazy man when
it's not a satellite either apparently
the thing that landed on the mount of
meteor so not a satellite didn't not
land not a meteor
mostly that's really funny
nASA has landed satellites on asteroids
before the only differences we've meant
to land this is it back yo Josh that's
what I just
oh oh that's exactly what happened Scott
back he like quantum leaped into my body
that and he's just trying to figure out
what's going on you're gonna look in the
mirror and say I'm retarded
I get Landon in interest men's body oh
no I think the Bears just suck
is that is that necessary that look rich
I'm just talking smack that's what you
do when it comes to target about the
Bears versus the Packers if the Bears if
the next time that the Packers played
the Bears if the Bears kick their ass
you can gloat all you want you got to
rub it in say that you know it's not
gonna happen you never know if it did
happen I would expect you the globe
that's that's that's what happens when
you talk about sports it's true they're
all saying the things that would happen
you promised a or at least another that
one next to me okay I'm about to ask a
serious question about constantly canon
okay did they ever go into how people
reacted after he left out of there no I
don't think so no like yeah every
episode ended with him leaping out yeah
thank and they need to the next person
would ever be able the next day ever
deal with the aftermath know what Jesse
where she's like a
who is this guy no this is a dynamo
something or other Oh Electric man all
these characters are silly well yeah now
they're gonna mega man cartoons yeah I
feel like just care of Ben if there was
oh really
yeah yeah oh you fucker
I've not had one continuous ring you
know cold ham come again I agree I did
this I really disliked the ending of
quantum leap yeah I don't even know how
it ended he met a guard at bar club that
was a bartender bartender who was gone
he met he met their God oh my god God
guys what's the quantum weight god it
was like God yeah he met God guy was
like yeah I'm up at 70 all the places
and you never just see your wife again
yeah everything's good everything's
you're gonna keep leaping forever and
simply ask you know I thought it was
really unsatisfying anything okay I
agree with you I don't remember
I'm that gorgeous oh it's the ghost
there's the ghost by the way and got a
spooky ghost too misty everything today
both we're gonna have to like pause the
game because we heard oh yeah oh here
not noise a lot of no worries it back no
simply can't see anything fellow that
enjoys it sounded like a plastic bucket
falling from the height of about 560
really made it one dump sounded like a
plastic bucket something might have
fallen over and it's very likely
Oh someone's saying they're having
technical issues with quick guerrilla
interrupted DVD
well what issues are you having that's
just the movie they're saying it only
plays with commentary um that should not
be congratulations are you how are you
watching it I'm your computer or
something because on the DVD player
we've done multiple tests on multiple
players and again I read a problem I
mean you might have a I mean it's it's
only you know replicated DVD it's not
just like a DVD yard right so I honestly
I have no idea
I guess what Jane's trying to say it's
probably your fault
well what I will say is well how are you
watching it are you watching it on a
computer that's the only thing I can
think of that would be a weird factor
I'm sorry to hear you're having issues
ken can you get it to play without
commentary and it just defaults to
commentary or yeah this is the first
I've ever heard of this
on my computer I'll try it on the DVD
player come tears good come there's good
anyway I'm pretty sure I've tested me on
the computer too but is it a PC or a Mac
you might you might have a weird default
setting on your DVD player on your
computer and maybe that might be a
possibility because yeah it definitely
should not be doing that yeah if it's a
PC so you're watching it on I'm just
gonna blame it on the fact that you're
watching it on PC about that yeah get
and get VLC obviously it's a great
player and they have plenty of options
as far as audio channels now share
enough PLC's a great market
right click and change audio track all
these are good suggestions thank you Jeb
yeah I don't know why would default it
but there should still be an option in
there somewhere to change it to yes the
regular
of course here right now they're saying
VLC is horrible
well VLC has been around for a while
right is there like a newer player that
people choose over it I don't use VLC I
don't use any real player I mean I've
seen goes to the show I saw a ghost in
the shell' in the theater oh when it
came to the oriental theater I was gonna
say that had to be the Oriental right
the only places where I could ever play
something like that I don't actually I
don't think I've seen it since then
which was you know over a decade ago I'm
sure I'd like the relaunch goes to the
show I remember really doing even a
decade ago but did you go it wasn't like
a first-run thing right that was like a
rerelease cuz I remember ghost in the
shell' from when I was in high school he
said maybe more than a decade ago that
oh no yeah I saw her front of the
theater
okay oh you got eaten
take the birthday boy I'm not that much
of a hipster I don't only watch unsubbed
anime in original jeopardy
my imported laser business I actually I
know we went to talk about this before
and I know this makes me a horrible
person but I don't like you know I was
in a blockbuster once back when
blockbuster was still a thing yeah and
this was right around the time that
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon came out
on video which was pretty big movie that
was a pretty big crossover mainstream
success that's a little bit I was in a
blockbuster with my friend Ryan and
someone in front of us was the clerk was
trying to convince this person to rent
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and
they're they're like we have nothing to
do with this conversation we're just
standing in line behind him and the and
the person that if they were trying to
convince was like oh I don't I don't
like reading subtitles and my friend
Ronny just blurts out he's a very loud
person he just blurts out wha
why are you illiterate that's a total
dick for no reason to a complete
stranger you know I like I like watching
the movies first like overdone sometimes
they're all bad I've never seen a good
dub then i rewatch it with the subtitles
I know what's going on but I'd like add
this I like to take in the visuals of
the movie without you can do that while
still reading sometimes I can do that no
I'm Han I have a tiny tiny brain okay
not liking subtitles means you aren't
using your line brain you're right
mm-hmm Theodore J hooker I'm using my
crocodile brain jack record confirmed
for death I am I am I'm very I have
terrible hearing I have tinnitus there's
a constant
my ears and I'm sure I will lose my
hearing at some point because I did a
really bad job taking care of my ears I
did not wear your phones my Western rock
show yeah yeah I didn't a lot either
that was probably a bad decision yep not
probably it was a bad decision terrible
decision and I guess we should point out
when we say Rock Shows we mean like tiny
venues not like a big arena where you go
to see you know Aerosmith or something
but when you're in a tiny Club and
there's a lot of music playing that's
bad for your ears it really is because
they all play way too loud yeah
and you're exactly three inches away
from all of their amplifiers yes and it
hurts
Oh people are agreeing with me on the
subtitle thing what really I were
agreeing with you on something this is
shocking
I'll find the turnaround jack
Oh God and it's all because people that
don't want to read subtitles i well
watch the movie and read the fucking
subtitles how hard is that can't you do
it twice can't you watch the movie twice
no watch the movie the way it was
intended to be seen with the actual
language dubs are horrible I've never
seen a good deal by the way I would
prefer watching it in the language I
didn't understand than reading subtitles
how about that how about that people
agree with you those are the two people
I read so fuck you I'm just glancing
over while I'm left enriched by mega man
I commit when I watch this subtitle
buddy after a while I forget I'm reading
I'm able to just soak in the words and
see them individuals it's not an issue
for me
you know what it's been a while since
I've had this come up so you know
perhaps now but I you know me I'm a tiny
eighty what this one I love that you're
farming I think it's great
well we don't slash bossman I won't have
full yeah no I'm sure that's the exact
point tip this little one more important
thing
just one I want to get through this game
without a continuous this is I mean
you've been rocking it
you've been rocking it
oh okay now everyone is with Jay of
course they are Zoe's just read the
fucking subtitles oh I don't like them I
will say there are times that I'm not in
the mood to read subtitles yeah and when
that happens I just don't watch the
movie I save it for later but I would
never choose a dub over over subtitles
like unless it's something like Mario
Bo's demons or like a like a corny movie
then the dubs can be funnier like a
Godzilla movie oh actually in you know
what I got my order wrong i watch it
with the subtitles so I know what's
happening and then I watch it again
either with the dubs or in the original
language just to take in let's see that
sounds even worse no cuz then I know
what's going on and then I can just take
in the same the second time you you know
if you find out what's going on if you
watch it the first time with subtitles
and you don't pay attention to the
subtitles no I'm saying I watch it the
first time with the subtitles and I read
the subtitles okay but then I might end
up but then I watch it again with no
subtitles this sounds way too cumbersome
it's it's the crocodile written i I
guess so
this is how I do that this is everything
you're saying is weird it's true I can
barely read the chat without fucking
this is
traffic doesn't take me that long to
read it does I think I'm a slow reader I
enjoy reading but maybe that's maybe
that's harder I'm sorry okay well thank
that that could be a saint yeah
is this the final boss I've got a game
yeah I wouldn't even play in this oh
come on
all right half I have no concept of
space or time okay we've been playing
this for what we this is only our second
game oh yeah we play we did play a lot
of the Super Smash TV which was probably
a bad
you
trying to remember what's effective
against the sky I don't recall
that's the chat though I'm just kind of
what I'm doing right now
oh good maybe I'm assuming you're
assuming someone's gonna be lighting
don't be so passive-aggressive about
just ask for help I was getting into
that but y'all jumped over me there I'm
working at my own pace I see that's fine
you can
- jumped from a wall they're saying try
spinning you know what yeah I figured
I'm just using me
Zig neutral that's a funny joke but
that's about a different game they're
not giving you any good advice he's a
robot he doesn't have a skeleton pine
resin won't help oh that's a good a
fistful of metal says try shooting the
boss until it dies you guys are jerks
I'm assuming that is what you're
supposed to do though right technically
they're right
they're saying you should level up your
resistance which has no patience for
these jokes kill the turtle wants to
know why we are streaming on a Wednesday
because we actually do are you just
joining us say shotgun nice is that a
thing a shotgun okay okay oh okay that
oh uh sorry do you know what you guys
were giving such a bad advice and then I
saw shotgun a nice and so I decided that
that was another joke that's a real
thing that's the penguin Thomas okay
penguin
should be called penguin for sure I
didn't name it like if we usually stream
Sunday nights and Wednesday nights in
fact I'm the switch player I made a
little thing that says we usually scream
from something as incidents well there
you go
so I mean they were just trying to be
funny oh sure I don't know back
although you didn't stream last
Wednesday right we didn't so you took a
week off not even a week off we took a
day off
oh but first you gotta kill his dog
that's a good advice jump then jump
again then keep jumping so rich isn't
know what I'm sorry Chad I don't use
their real name this is copyright
infringement
no that's the laser that is a light safe
without that is a laser sword no that is
a plasma saber no way you can say saber
no you can't say saver that is a that is
a plasma katana you can say laser sword
I think what about energy
what's another paper sword of energy
cutter everything shotgun shotgun ice it
did like dick damage oh yeah J did you
see evil in TV show yeah and well he had
heard about it a while back I don't know
why people are going nuts now that
there's a new announcement maybe because
it's more official but they talked about
it a while back and I feel like I should
be more excited than I am
my first Campbell is he's still
charismatic but he's much older you know
it's gonna be hit it yeah
it's if the show is called ash versus
the evil death yeah oh he's in it the
best not like here yeah so I don't know
I'm sure it'll be entertaining I like
the Sam Raimi is directing at least some
of it but yeah he did I mean Bruce
Campbell he's still wondered to anybody
so much older now he's not gonna be able
to do the stuff that main email that -
great yeah so I don't know I'm sure
we'll be entertaining I'll watch it I'm
not super excited about it I almost feel
bad that I'm not worried
about it because evil had to change my
life
avenge the 11 default says dick damage
is dick neutrals cousin dick damage oh
my god the second four I agree with you
I'm also not excited because that listen
Bruce Campbell well it is even more than
that he's just older he can do the
physical stuff anymore and that's a big
part of that role yeah yeah what's he
gonna do I mean totally he'll have to
quit still say fun of you
you know wise ass stuff sure that'll be
great oh so I'm sure it'll be
entertaining rollin shield rollin shield
role yeah I'm okay it'll just be nice
it's always nice to see Bruce Campbell
in it yeah yeah I really liked him in
that Burn Notice I never watched I
always felt like I shouldn't watch that
show because he's on it but I've never
watched it that's fine it's a fun even
if the supporting character
yeah he's the wise ass best friend I
mean that's literally the party was born
to play watch that's best friend oh sure
so yeah I don't know I kind of got used
to him in that role now he had a lot so
just like I just want to see him be the
light of this yeah I think it's not so
yeah the fact that he's so much older
like physically he'll look different
yeah I mean I know what he looks like in
person but right now whoa it'll be weird
to see him again I don't know where it's
like it you know what if what maybe if
it was like a young Indiana Jones kind
of situation where he was just like kind
of the wrap-around character telling us
but I wouldn't want to see someone else
in their role either if you talk about
him younger nope no what could be fun is
if he teams up with the girl from the
remake the fucking chin saw through the
face of the other women yeah what's your
character's name because she she becomes
a pretty cool character by the end of
that movie yeah he's kind of a badass so
team them up and then then she can be
the young whippersnapper and he can be
seen you know smart ass things to her by
the way done that I'm calling Sam Raimi
right now there's no indication in the
Evil Dead remake that it is a remake
like it could take place in the same
universe so it up that would be a great
idea yeah I've heard take care of all
the badass stuff he just says the funny
things
ya know and drinks a beer he's great
they disappear yeah that even said
remake was fun it's good I rewatched it
somewhat recently and I actually liked
it more than I did the first time yeah
and I liked it the first time but it
took a while to get nuts it took a while
to get good yeah but it got there yeah I
felt like it got there I mean it rained
blood and that's not something that
happens too often anymore yes where it
rains actual blood makes you feel good
yeah it's kind of crazy we're gonna have
an Evil Dead series Twin Peaks is coming
back and what's the other series there's
another TV show that I was saying not
coming back but that I was surprised was
going to exist and I can't remember one
was dammit there was like three shows or
is like these are like weird cult things
and they're all coming back are they're
all they'll exist now sure I don't know
Wow what was the other one
dammit
I can't remember sorry maybe you should
explain to the string much ago all right
it's a day farming for I can figure out
what he's doing these things are all for
everybody and you know what they're okay
with it cuz they want they want you to
win as much as you want to win right
I took the time to find that fourth tank
I probably that's right not to be stupid
but roundups born that way oh you can
also use your shields a farm possibly
yeah that's what they're saying what do
you mean we can get up no we're playing
on an actual snus we can't speed it up
we are not emulating oh yeah I saw you
tweeting a photo to prove so because
obviously last I mean last time when we
actually play it on a real Nintendo
class that we didn't show proof of it
though yeah so people got confused I I
did not know about this oh my god oh my
god yeah we hear you I see you although
you're a little late okay that's what
they meant by faster yeah okay
it's the same thing but yeah now they he
kills him and it falls right onto the
sort of the scams oh yeah and then after
that i tweeted a dick pic okay it was
pacing themselves because they wanted
they want proof that we're playing as i
said you could take that picture I see
so and I was like okay tell them to take
a picture that's pretty good yeah
because we like obvious you were there
saying are you thinking of the
foundation TV series I don't know that
is so the answer is no I don't know what
that is oh that's a good question Jay
did you play the Friday the 13th remake
I can't because it's for PC I downloaded
it but it's for PC so I couldn't play I
played on something yeah it's great
okay I beat the show this piece man no
we're late not really good about that
it's actually a much better version of
the game Mike beat him eventually
oh god J in front of the TV with them
you can do it you can do it some reason
I'm having trouble dashing off of the
wall I know you can some reason and this
controller on this classic siness
controller I am trouble doing it for is
emulated with my own shit I can do it
very easily okay well they're saying
spark against a lightsaber yeah okay you
know that yeah I know that
I figured that okay great
but cyber camp has subjected kim
kardashian break your internet i don't
know what that means
as she been on the I mean I'm sure she's
on the internet she's gonna everyday
much did she did Kim Kardashian do
something I'm here today you know I
don't give a shit rich doesn't give a
shit what did Kim Kardashian do on the
internet today
I was working today so I did that pay
attention to the internet too much
I'm gonna wait so you guys tell me what
Kim Kardashian good today
Kim Kardashian's show her ass on the
Internet you guys know there's a sex
tape over right oh it's just it's just a
butt picture like you can right now if
you want to you can watch her have sex
with the dude
you want to I don't want to but I'm just
saying like who cares about her posting
a picture of her naked but people have
seen way worse
that's how was she got famous do you
guys remember that thought she was
famous because her mom and my dad a
reality show or something yeah but the
only reason they had a reality show was
because she was famous because of her
sex tape
I mean I obviously can't go - Ian
no Krieger you should never hope anyone
dies
wait the proper thing to say is you
would be indifferent if she did done but
don't ever hope that's me go already
well I am good did you know that Kim
Kardashian showed a bare bottom on the
Internet
apparently it's a big deal for some
reason because but but she was in a
pornography I like the way you phrase
that but yes that's true yeah why would
anyone care what isn't this for the
cover of some like mainstream magazine
now is that the what the deal is there's
things for a thing called paper magazine
magazine that ya know what paper
magazine is is that a mainstream it's I
mean it's yeah it's not like a you know
got like a like a playboy or something
like that like I think it's the type of
magazine that does not normally have
naked butts in it I don't know exactly
but I don't know why people would care
and care it's just this is the blood I'm
sure she I mean she has a fantastic but
don't care it was photoshopped to be
huge probably if you if you see a photo
and a magazine
chances are it's photoshopped except for
oh the Keira Knightley that was yeah
yeah I'm somewhat familiar on that yeah
so and also who cares
case they secure neither boobs we
already saw miss Titanic
listen let's Kate Winslet who's Keira
Knightley here nightly um she was in oh
god what movies was she in my thoughts
oh yeah she was Natalie Portman's double
and Phantom Menace I really thought that
was Bend It Like Beckham she was in that
now Oh Kate Winslet no it was all to
make it in like everything every movie
she's in she's naked that's why I was a
carrot Keira Knightley is much different
body type - who's Keira Knightley she's
an actress what's she doing
hi I am DB here the only thing I can
think of off the top my head is Bend It
Like Beckham oh and she is what's that
the Pirates pure being
oh yeah yeah she's in those room she's
in that movie with Steve Carell the
comedy about the end of the world what
was that called she's been in a ton of
stuff not a lot of things I've seen but
that's not real I was just I was just
showing a picture of Kim Kardashian's
naked but I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with anyone that says that that was
photoshopped
so I guess that's what the deal is that
is well I guess it could be an angle
actually maybe that's how it's maybe
it's purposefully photoshopped like a
statement like it like a satire yeah
like I know bigger brothers
well a better question is who cares
she's famous for nothing
no she's famous for having sex with
someone on the videotape okay sure
that's something like it stars her
famous J I don't I don't know who people
are I didn't we already have
one of the stories Kim Kardashian got
famous for having sex with a dude but
only because she was from my god like a
rich family
if Jesus some random girl that had sex
with a dude in a video no one who give a
shit but she comes from a pre-brief
well-known family
saying ice against the dogs yeah I shot
gun against the dog laser against the
lightsaber it's gonna leave but I want
you to beat him I'll leave when you die
it may take me one more go-around
yeah she fucked a famous dude but she's
still fuck - dude I mean a lot of chicks
fuck dudes but you know you know true
statement has never never been made a
lot of chicks fuck dude a lot of chicks
fuck dudes it's true
come on dude fuck chicks it's true sup
dudes fuck do this yes some chicks fuck
household items these are these things
that happen this is the reason we all
exists yeah it's true
procreation procrastination yep
estimation
fuck the famous dude hearing
looks like you got your rhythm down now
these can do the same thing yeah that's
part of it you know that's hard too
older games is finding the pattern yeah
right in the face yeah I've got two foot
fucking tanks oh that's right he's not
dead yet is he no just that was just his
firstborn that's right man that oh she
does look like a caricature her ass
looks too big but it could just be her
angle but also doesn't matter
we are not officially gonna stop talking
about good okay now they're saying
rolling shield Spirit Bomb here boom
that's the thing
once I don't I don't beard bomb
genki-dama hurt yes J has already talked
about too many cooks see that's it too
many cooks is brilliant
shit fuck you game don't all right
well go back to your it thank you have a
nice one good night everybody
my day keep going should we just go to
cuddle stop leaving you can good one
more time
more shots I mean okay that's supposed
to be a game you should it doesn't
matter anything I'm kind of sick of
playing how I watch you play something
oh I'm tired of playing games
we can then denied on really shitty
brawlers because that'll be fun
and you guys said that about gooftroop I
don't believe you're writing primal
flight Turtles tonight turtle turtles
will make it again but after after
riches done I will play some really
shitty SNES brawler's because it's
always fun to play bad games
oh thanks full all right
ice that dawn Jay Bowman's beard a rich
is farming so you kill those things and
then you get you get a health health
tank to fill up your help thanks for all
your different weapons because if you
see the little bar there your weapons
beam your weapons and your health needs
little love because the energy bars and
so rich was it's called farming and I'm
really wishing I picked up those 1/4
tank
nice nice right
I don't have final fight I know that's a
brawler and not a shooting game no I
have shitty brawlers because I think
they're funnier
you can do it you know well you view you
can be this one you've seen me do before
it's still for no I have not played
Arkham Asylum yet I plan on playing it
before the new Batman game comes out if
I have time I would like to also play
Arkham City
I don't know if I wanna find it but I
definitely want to play Arkham Asylum
I didn't I played a little bit of it
when I first came out and I didn't give
ain't good chance to play
yeah we did play AVGN adventures a
couple weeks ago and we got really bored
of it for real fast it was I'm sure it's
fine we just got the joke and got bored
of it yeah I hear a both asylum n city
are really good and I want to I want to
play vocals before the new Batman game
comes out so I'm looking forward to
playing I already have Arkham Asylum so
I get around to it the next prereq video
is coming out soon I was hoping it would
be done today it might be done Friday
it's it's a it's a it's gonna be a big
one a long one
maybe or maybe I'll set everything out
fuck up you do it
God did and clothes snow not bark
my job I've got it figured it out yeah
figure it out okay okay he's figured out
your moves now
yeah do it I think so is there a third
form nice nice
cadet Lea says you should consider
improving your hint and get hit ratio I
think you just did dog oh great
nice that looks like a final looks like
I'm saying right there yeah nice kind of
exhausting way to go yeah and exhausted
it was great wrong
that was great
cutscene
oh sure that was the third one because
the dog like a million advice that was
good advice whoever gave that yeah yeah
or the war has ended and for now peace
there is now a peace
oh you know average huh you're an
all-star
I will go fir know somebody once told me
that rich Evans restorer of peace I know
I didn't see you continue screen button
that firming gave you a lot of one-offs
I don't know I don't know how to count
that I know how to count that if you
didn't see a continue screen that like I
know why not work out the farmers like
the reason I didn't was from the firming
but that that's part of the game all
right
why are those caterpillars come out of
that thing unless the far right firming
the energy tanks doesn't bother me
sure it's the it's the one ups okay okay
the know continued runs a little bit
cheaper it counts okay okay
it counts it all counts and I didn't
want to talk about this while Richards
winning cuz there was an exciting moment
but someone was asking what I used to
edit the prereq up subs on I use premier
I use the Adobe suite premier and After
Effects
you don't do tape to tape I don't you
tape to tape I'm not I'm not some sort
of caveman like some people I know and
still use Final Cut 7 it's not even here
for you to pick on him I know I'm just
saying it out loud
alright don't we have to watch the
credits I think you're gonna go about
whatever these are the people that made
this is part of the French but 70 Vegas
I'll I might be in the adobe suite and
you know though with over there pricing
now a lot of people hate on the Creative
Cloud like I get that but fifty bucks a
month you get the entire Creative Suite
get Photoshop you get after effects to
get Adobe Premiere Pro you get all the
all the goodies you get prelude which
you used to ingest any sort of footage
that you could ever want the addition
which is audio editing software $50 and
and channa wasn't supposed to be a no
continue run I think it just ended up
being one right and it was a great one
yeah hey I suck a lot of that last boss
I sucked a lot and no this is not a
cutscene this is the end credits and
well I'm okay if there's a small
cutscene at the beginning of the game
and end credits are these credits are
the people that made the game you should
all be okay with this
new game yes we're gonna play a couple
of new games will probably end around
midnight it's 11:30 now yeah yeah
Oh what's happening Oh and opposed
that's got a sample
yeah Megaman X knows how to end pose
okay that's me yes ma'am
do you work
Daphne's lunch at midnight um I've seen
a little bit of it it's fine
it's a Chris Hardwick like celebrities
make fun of the internet stuff it's fine
there's some good jokes I have no I like
I have nothing great or controversial to
say about @midnight it's fine I can tell
you that cigarettes are gross
I don't know why you're saying that but
it's true you know I used to be a smoker
no once
pack-a-day smoker for a couple years no
shit yeah how hard was it to give up
rather easy really coulter you know
cravings No oh sure yeah okay and you
know what couple stuff a couple smoked
cigarettes okay okay
the mostly filter you know what I mean
it was tough just because it was the
hardest part was not the nicotine for me
it was just a habit at that time I was
driving and so you know just like those
couple of cigarettes and on the morning
drive to school was just like it was all
part of like
the habit of like going out and smoking
was a harder thing to break oh my god
temporary victory
you
oh man
high school and a young talked a little
bit after high school and he gave up
cigarettes yeah and he was delighted
because pot was that much more enjoyable
for him I really get why we're out now
Oh God cigars someone I knew in high
school oh is it over now get even bigger
I think so yeah okay good buttons it's
done hit button is done French bean Mega
Man X
