Episode 119
SUPER DUPER bad SNES brawlers
November 24, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfRIBW6YVrs
___________________________________________

we have the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
the movies a game oh this sounds awful
yeah oh my god shit it's gonna be awful 
ok hold on super duper power Power
Rangers the movie the game you're gonna
switch to a to switch games you might as
well just a shitty brawlers and you do
it well this is yeah this is for the the
thing the thing all right if it's for
the thing it's so if I ever got my arm
iron here's the movie well this is for
is for anyone who is on Twitch and is
looking for someone playing Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers than live in a
game they can based on the movie yeah
ok here we go guys
here we go a often I hear it you want to
switch with me save me yeah sure I'm
horribly unexcited
I'll take your unexcited so watch the
Power Rangers the movie the game just
played for Mega Man X you go anywhere
from there but down it comes the Super
Nintendo ship well yeah that's why I
didn't want to like play a possibly good
game I'm just gonna play Power Rangers
yes I have heard about the Aunt May
spin-off movie and what are they
thinking what somebody's going to make
an ant-man movie because you know they
have to have a universe but they only
own the rights to one character
everybody and their dog gets a movie yep
while they ruin a French house yep bill
they'll make some money and while they
burn that franchise to the ground okay
who should we be I mean we gotta be
happy
really don't give a shit yeah we got to
be Kimberly is the more on the story I
couldn't tell you which characters one
of the color Rachel okay I took Kimberly
is probably I don't really she's a big
green tea okay ever see the I think it
was a what-if issue or at me had
superpowers she was she was golden oldie
but that wasn't one of his you that's it
that's a whole that was a whole thing
what's that whole thing yeah okay is the
ant-man movie gonna be golden oldie oh
it might be no she'll be like a badass
detective or she'll be something badass
in the past right yeah okay so here's
the thing about this game there's two
planes right that's weird there's up
here and then you press the R and L
button to move down here
what's nice my plays he my cold buddies
and then you got written honey honey I
don't
I hope the Power Rangers are Jonah Power
Rangers so this is the putty patrol and
they're like they're like the henchmen
you know that low-level henchman yeah
runaway kid look at a guy in the back
pastino and they're low-level hindrance
does she turn into a color Ranger that's
why I'm cooking those lightning balls
it's a temporary power you have to
collect them in and you get to be a
Power Ranger for the rest of the rest of
the game or for the rest of the level ok
my collecting lightning bolt you hear
well
doesn't seem like you're doing too good
probably not oh god I'm really not well
kick slap would be in this bitchin
soundtrack that's fun I've heard better
games up yeah
I'm not super cool you're not super
thrilled about this bitching sound rank
No
hi yeah with him was it just a game I
had my wife's little brother was so into
power oh yeah yeah he's not anymore he
gave it up no he's he's an adult well is
here's a question though is there a
nostalgia thing for probably oh I saw my
GI Joe I'm sure Power Ranger is the Pink
Ranger with a man gonna right I'm sure
they is the exact same sprite that's
terrible yeah look at that
what a creatures a dude yeah that's
pretty funny
alright I take back what I said about
the good graphics they're gonna pull
that shit they lost they lost their
ability to say that they lost yeah yeah
oh
Bronco
many more for racist Rangers
yeah the Asian was the yellow yeah I was
the black Ranger I don't you know like
Anna I have to jump around pedestrians
no you don't have to understand it just
looks it looked like I did something
cool okay what any more powerful as
right here yeah I think if I lose all my
life I go back to being like a normal
person
I forget I honestly just really forget
you lose all your energy go back then a
girl yeah basically you stop being a man
is clearly I do yeah clearly clearly
especially like Oh Bradley not so many
thoughts employer gonna play this game
and they're just going to finish it
alright alright you wanna be Kimberly
sure did I punch
Kimberly punch Kimberly mad
Kimberly uppercut I'm really mad yeah
your sign you know like that first
season of Power Rangers oh my god what
what oh I got on the power so I have a
pony or now that's that's Prentiss
that's something of like John Gotti it's
hard to tell raishin oh well it goes
down just from time and out of here
I hate this thing like of millions I'm
not doing it I'm not doing great rich no
ok so know it that first season of Power
Rangers actually the first several
seasons of Power Rangers was there like
it was just recycled
action bits from you know Japanese Joe
right yeah so that's really fun on a
technical level like first view but they
start building them here at some point
oh yeah yeah eventually I mean it was a
surprise smash hit so eventually they
started filming all the stuff here so
they didn't just keep licensing Japanese
shows hey they did for a long time but
yeah eventually they started filming
their own stuff ok which is neat no one
expected it to be as popular as it was
right so that's why I like the funny
thing is in in the real TV show in Japan
you know like the Yellow Ranger was a
dude oh really yeah
and so they has a fine punch ad or a
meeting women for the role it's not know
they had to find they had to find a not
busty woman for the role okay to make
sure that you know why don't they just
make it together cuz they wanted two
girls okay
diversity yeah game over it didn't but
was Power Rangers ever good I don't know
like looking back on some of it there's
some interesting we got to tell you
there's some interest they only got it
guys Italian what I don't know
there's some real it looks like a
douchebag yeah yeah you know what he
does in the show too but he was the cool
guy he a ponytail there's a lot of
really interesting technical stuff about
Power Rangers that I'm doing I don't
know if I could ever say like I liked
the show but I think it's fun
any time you get big cardboard box robot
trash in a city that's good by me you
know why they always dig around on the
ground right if they go strengthen giant
robots do you want to know the actual
reason they're doing it okay both OH
so why did they I didn't dig around on
the ground so like you know obviously
for the show they needed to pad time but
the Power Rangers Lord Zedd and not
Morgan said uh-huh I told them that they
could never escalate the fight because
that would mean that they were fighting
without Warren so like they had to they
could only escalate oh wait it's morphin
time
yeah doo-doo-doo white ranger do do do
do ah so it was really important that
they couldn't be the aggressors because
they were just defending the people okay
that was the reason given in the show
why isn't the bad guy go straight to the
giant monster that's the better question
because then there would be no show I
think it'd be more interesting about
giant robots if they just stayed as a
super douche kind of characters yeah
that's just me
yeah I could see that Oh wrong call
there's a couple episodes in the in the
first season with it I didn't realize
episode really yeah I will you know what
I was rewashing I wanted to UM for the
for the fuck bot short uh-huh I wanted
to look at some footage of lasers being
shot huh because I want to be a the guys
had laser guns I'm going on so it's like
the best way to figure out how an effect
is done is to look at something frame by
frame and try to emulate yeah so it's
like no power rangers does laser stuff
so I was watching old episodes and there
was actually a really decent one about
them finding their power weapons and I
was like oh this is actually like
well-written like decent like action
movie I mean obviously it's schwag
wedding
punch yeah he seems like he's less
useful in the paint bedroom
they fight differently yeah now that my
superpower is this like nice uppercut
thing the Pink Ranger had a ranged
weapon so I think yeah that's way more
useful but I slice people with my sword
doo-doo-doo-doo the scythe all
the Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
discussion is really showing the age
disparity between Jack and rich uh yes
yeah yes it is it's not a big age gap
but you know it's there when you're
younger is the gap looks bigger or it's
insane or noticeable but I actually you
know we're we're only five years apart
yeah big deal but when you're 10 and 15
it is big ha ha absolutely whereas uh
you know what Power Rangers first came
out I was just barely young enough like
I could watch it but I couldn't talk
about it uh-huh
but yeah you would be way too old my
Rangers like oh yeah yeah yeah I watched
a little bit out of it but I was let it
start heard about way too old
it's circle I felt like I was way too
old to watch it okay so I don't know I
still did
I don't know what if I Ranger start
night really night is there was admit I
don't know it I think mid-90s I am in
deadly - all yeah ladies please
put it are you saying is 93 okay okay so
yeah I would have been my 93 ever been
12 yeah 12 is just on the cusp of tools
and then we're five years older than me
yeah so yeah you're 17 so yeah
definitely you definitely can't watch
fire in juice no offense to 17 year olds
17 year old you know it's just one of
those things where you can watch it but
you can't talk about it it's one of
those things I saw on TV I'm like what
the hell is this yeah yeah
please get out of here please
oh my god but I'd see it every now and
then because at that time Batman the
Animated Series was still airing on TV
at 17 I was definitely still watching
Batman the Animated Series how does that
show was fucking awesome I feel like
that was more acceptable just cuz
there's Batman right a damn good show
sure it wasn't written down intelligent
show yeah
fuck get over you doctor again how many
donations will it take to do bridges
high school senior photo on there we
make thousand dollars in one month in
one month of twitch money or twitch and
YouTube um I'm not sure how do you think
well this is the question I'm not sure
with YouTube minutes but um we'll see
just wish okay
just which make a thousand bucks in
twitch money a thousand bucks in one
month of perch money we will we will
show you my high school photo I've never
seen which is high school yearbook photo
so oh my god look like a Billy
he's got suspenders oh yes like as nerd
yeah well Oh weird nerd boy I love this
game uh it's dumb wait till we play the
next game and it's worse and it's a bad
man hey Batman brawler is worse than
this Batman made shit games so I should
write goddamn punch him hey buddy
Dougie hold his head when it punches and
okay why don't we play two players
because I'm burnt out I just I just
played a shitload of Megaman did you see
rich kill it at Megaman cuz you can't
kill them Megaman did I have a mole of
my high school picture no I did not
get out of here I need to be a good
Ranger because right now how many some
partner right now they're asking I don't
know it's it's in there I don't know
we're going to work we have we haven't
we have a decent amount of subs thank
you to all without laughs how's the
pumps right I don't think that I don't
think it's you know we get it we get a
little bit of ad money from the ABS that
we run and of course our subscriber
it'll be it'll be a while I think before
we get to that one but we know we're
getting you know you know what I had my
high school photo chat hair ah I had
hair
Oh hair I remember having hair that was
a long time
god dammit I do the same thing every
time time fuck you think I remember this
but I'm not really paying attention
Oh for good I want to give it every boat
oh look at that move jump backward
problem that seems pretty useless well
it's like a Dodge thing whoa get out of
here well alright tonight start some use
your a name
thank you not subscribing it says a user
he named us you are one that's why
we're quick that I belong to in high
school I belong to I mind my own
business and I don't really want to join
any claim that's a good cook I hung out
with Mike I hung out with Mike and we
made stupid movies ah you you were
involved in the Mike click whoa yes kind
of a spear give me a funny fuck you up
oh fuck you fuck you
train yeah Pink Ranger has the best
weapon because she has a ranged weapon
why would you want why would you want
this shit doesn't seem all that much
more useful than just punching people
Eve exactly I'm sure it's more powerful
but they died in one or two hits anyway
right so let me watch seems like it has
more range exactly yeah give me the pink
ranges white bow and arrow always bow
and arrow punch good I good at that
do-do-do-do-do-do this other plane thing
is really did me and Mike grew up
together I've got Mike in high school
does that count as growing up together I
know when you're as old as I am it seems
that way
Oh
well J shave his beard no or he might
who cares I think the beard looks good
on I mean he has no plans to shave his
beard I don't think I actually have the
beginnings of a beard going right now
you do but it's going to be shaved off
ha ha ha we're gonna have more space
cops
well I can't jump and hit at the same
time the old involved stream yes yeah
yes that's exactly what this is Jenai
are old men that's not true
sometimes we feel like old men when when
did we beat the rest of the our own okay
it's hard to say that it really track ah
I think what is it che was sometime in
like like college age Jack I actually
just been like three or four years ago
really yeah yeah I I want to say the
first time I saw you was filming feeding
frenzy probably yeah I mean you weren't
around for you were around a little bit
for girls views but we never put one
episode but yeah we remember the same
episode uh Jesse I I know I've met her
seeing the room okay on a visit up here
but I don't remember exactly when I'm
assuming it was after feeding frenzy I
suppose it could have been that same
trip
so I'm not sure but basically I I met
Jessie and Jax two years ago yeah uh
yeah do I consider myself an actor oh
god no the correct word is thespian I
think I've been technically I'm a mascot
no I'm a mascot you are an actor
extraordinaire you play all sorts of
characters
SuperDuper bad name I feel bad when I
act with real actors and they're doing a
good job and they know their shit and
I'm just kind of muddling through my
lines mispronouncing shit
you play this and I goof troop okay yeah
goof troops a good game and that's the
game we should play it's a two-player
game sere you're big on the goof troop I
like to move different so you know what
it is it's cute
I'm big on the duck tails duck tails is
cute like that's the thing about goof
troop though is like it's not there was
a ton of these things there was a ton of
brawlers and there was a ton of
side-scrolling platformers and that's
what makes goof troop a little different
oh yeah sorry I moved in you have to
click that hammer something here it's
another thing oh and that's why that's
what makes goof troop a little special
is like it's not a platformer you know
it's like it's almost a puzzle game it's
neat
game was old normal how do I change
things
okay DuckTales and we got you got uncle
Scrooge's protagonist in me he's
interesting yeah he's not a standard
Tagus he's a he's an old greedy man
uh-huh
we gotta go easy because I just want to
play as much of this game as possible
Oh
yeah
back jump special item
ooh
you
all right I'm playing this on super easy
just because I want to play it as much
of it as possible
this is a terrible this is a terrible
terrible game so didn't chance saying
this is not a bad brawler that this game
was amazing
back in the day you I might be incorrect
but we'll see
oh my god driving a Batmobile
demographic zero the pebble bill gets
too much love it's too much low yeah my
mind just it's only function should be
to get Batman from point A to point B
yes any kind of games that have extended
fight sequences driving the battle bill
okay kind of annoys me that's not what
Batman's about today no I agree I mean
it's fun and there you know you can have
like I don't know you can have a
Batmobile centric episode in my mind
once you introduce the hovering bat yet
the Batmobile is now useless oszi thank
you for subscribing my time ago yeah
Jesus Christ if you use your special
move you lose health
that's dumb use health if you use your
if you use your pack your jump and
attack together button this guy's I'm
not
area
dicken there you go somebody's agreeing
with me I need to remember what I said
that's unreal
what was I just talking about that's it
hey hey I got distracted with the
subscriber I'm looking at the game
whatever man even remember I've got
Alzheimer's on you know right because
I'm so old
ah how are you just talking about
I didn't River no I was I here's the bad
thing I know all the the battle to the
Batmobile
yeah it does it gets a crazy amount of
love but you know what it's a toy man
okay it's the thing they can sell so
they want to make sure they have the new
thing that they can sell oh look I can I
can push him against the wall that's
action cam fun the the batwing is a far
more program I think a vehicle for
Batman yeah not not because flying in
bats but I mean because I thought you
wish you see the man dressed like a bat
driving down the street in a car with a
ha ha he becomes silly very quickly
well the Batman requires shadows and
mood and then I just pictured the
Batmobile driving down the street right
and just people who are out shopping
looking at this bizarre car drive a pass
does he see speed through stop lights to
endanger why she probably has to stop at
red lights right you just kind of walk
along the street and they're at the red
light there's Batman sitting at the
wheel the bat piling right if anything
like somebody cuts them off any logs if
anything the Batmobile needs to be like
a nondescript but yes gray minivan which
tinted windows something that no one
would ever suspect is a superheroes man
that's exactly what it should be yes or
motorcycle because that then you can
grow anywhere which is one of the
reasons I'm worried about Arkham Knight
because the bad news is going to be a
big thing it's tank that's stupid
I'm a test tube apparently I don't know
what that does
grab two at once you hack of course
how do you guys know how to play this
game nobody plays this game because of
what Batman fans and they're what make
Batman games juice from back in the day
I'm gonna sue sure I forget like
throwing people is pretty effective
though I like Batman and I have a Super
Nintendo I've never played or seen this
game so that's kind of nice rich what
about the spider will be all that was a
fine joke and they played it as a joke
yeah what are they they have been called
the spiral today I know spider cycles
another doing buddy oh oh no I think
they're talking they might be talking
about it I think that the one of the
comic books he is like Johnny Storm
Fantastic Four gifted him a spider doom
button so I would not not to bring that
the joke was Peter Parker living in New
York and taking buses and swinging
through the city didn't know how to
drive right and in that issue the Spider
buggy got driven off the end of beer
okay so the last level the punch button
has now been suddenly replaced by an
unlimited Batarang throwing button
alright whatever floats your boat game
so but here's here's the reason why I
also have a new unexplained item in my
in my item news box right and it's the
grappling hook can you guess what's at
the end of this level what does Batman
use the grappling hook for Batman
Returns I don't remember
emigrate I honestly don't remember but
so they suddenly changed what the
buttons do just for the sake that just
for this one level only this one only
this level then they go back to no one
remember this so now believe it or not I
don't remember we spent a long time so
I've seen that Norway I think I failed
oh you're not making any help offs
because I failed it what I was supposed
to do was they wouldn't be dicking
around if you couldn't finish that it's
got to be right up still do it no oh oh
no see like I miss yeah I was supposed
to I supposed to do that oh no I broke
the game you can't take any help that
lose it yeah that seems stupid yeah
oh no I needed to break the wall first
oh for God's sake check we already
tweeted a picture this is a real snap
look at that look at that now I can give
him I can give him because I broke the
wall first
even though he wasn't anywhere needed
near it I needed to break the wall I
needed to do the cutscene first how are
you hi I'm sorry
anything is funny it's hard to feel that
I'm not the stupid Hina I just think
it's fine
how old this is Kim it's I mean it's old
no game
I didn't know I needed to break the wall
first I needed to break the wall even
though he was nowhere near it so I could
punch him
imagine a Batman movie with an all
smashmouth soundtrack you mean the best
movie ever made
nothing I'm
whatever so campy sir give me I didn't
notice that you were here sir gonna be
our one and only mod trashcans rich get
a better emulator Jesus rates get better
emulator re I will I will do that this
is how I get me letters I'll get a
better any letter yeah go update man man
living in my bag I prefer her phone
I'm the one strum tonight he is just the
worst
yeah he was a great blues man The Dark
Knight is good but it has absolutely
nothing to do with Batman or Christian
Bale nothing well you know I like to I
like to miss Bruce Wayne yeah
thought he was a fine Bruce Wayne
first weight is the face he puts on so
saying somebody is a great Bruce Wayne
that doesn't face me much sure that's
not that's not the important part of
that equation
uh I agree but I'm just saying player
well remove um oh my god is Batman here
that uh hello
I like I pick up a fat cloud pick up the
skinny cloud they should've just dumped
it over with Kevin and I would have been
fine it's true Kevin Conroy is the only
Batman yes yes interview fucking clowns
I think of Batman first voice I hear is
always going to be Kevin Conroy
absolutely 100% and when you mentioned
Mark Hamill first thing I'm gonna think
of is the Joker yeah I over Luke
Skywalker I when you mention Mark Hamill
I'm gonna think of the Joker really yes
first thing yes yeah it's already
happened
really yes all right I mean it's weird
but sure
do better what joy the face they almost
the best no he's not shut up as Batman
he was a piece of shit I don't know to
do die Peter ship doing a ridiculous
voice yeah he was a suck Batman you have
you have Heath Ledger to thank for the
Dark Knight yes that is why the Dark
Knight is good you people other Ledger's
death
I think they I'm not even the no I'm not
gonna say that it's not just because he
died that was a good before I know well
what here's it's not the definitive
Joker to me but it's a damn fun damn
find Joker but also I believe that his
death played a part in their editorial
decisions don't hey I can't comment on
that don't you think
I don't know I don't know how much they
had fun with ever without him but oh no
I'm saying like I think how I know he
died well I'm in fact I was after the
movie I know looks before know he died
before I'm not filming it wasn't like
they handed did they have they finished
scenes without know they were all done
filming okay but it was before it came
out so I really think that like they had
him in mind when they were editing no I
think anybody editing that movie would
have realized that he was killing it and
they would have put him in the movie
more if they had the opportunity zero
maybe maybe I will not I will not blame
his death on that performance may ignore
it I was just damn fine oh no no no not
on it being notable he he killed it he
killed it oh he nailed being the Joker
I'm I'm saying I believe that his death
played a part in making the movie better
as a whole I think they edited correctly
um maybe to I guess that's into that
maybe to honor him maybe to make sure he
was in it more I what fuck you he was
killing him poor choice of who that was
I realized that Excel soon as I said I
think it's just that much more
appropriate no that was an appropriate
and I realized it right away
excuse me I had to throw infinity
batarangs again apparently it is I do
get to do this again
don't worry I wanted the kids better run
away I got this better right away so
there's more than one level with
different apparently okay better right
away this is I move now Jim
here not right away okay spider-man this
I'm Benna preferably imagine that's how
they wanted to get through their
allotted continues oh my god
Jesus old school let me fly in here I
got this fucking fat-ass this is why I
needed seven lives do you think bill was
better than Clooney
I don't think Clooney was even trying I
mean he was just being Moody ah yes I I
wouldn't fur either of them how's that I
mean that's just ranking bad at that
point sure a fireman spider-man does
whatever a spider kid is Shawn there's a
bug
he's got ready phantom blood yeah what
spider rapid kick ass ass it's true I
know I'm like spider-man see see yeah
they had to rip that off
Oh
fucking fuck it's kind of wide I know I
don't like it run fat man you just need
the grapple type thing excessively no
it's supposed to be sneekly get places
sometimes oh it seems like they
practically have them flying around the
city with it sure tolik loud come here
talk louder spider-man Batman oh I can't
I can't Batman you okay the fist thinks
Clooney was a fine Bruce wait yeah you
know why for something you know what for
some reason George Clooney's really good
at playing a billionaire a playboy
billionaire yeah yeah John boutté
somehow nailed that roll fuck yeah at
the end of the day it was more important
to be bad
hmm for what at the end of the day it
would be more important for somebody to
act like Batman yes yeah sorry
okay Batman which I love you but I think
you're 100% wrong about Vale as Batman
no one I'm 100% right he's a shitty
Batman
ya know by the way I don't think this is
a an unheard-of argument vales a shitty
dad and and I you know I'm okay with
Batman Begins I think that's that's fine
Dark Knight it's a great movie but Dark
Knight is the only one of those movies
in which Batman is actually Batman he
doesn't do a lot of shit and he does
detective work we don't see a lot of
Batman in good Batman movies you know
why he's working don't punch your kids
don't watch your kids I hate him because
it was popular I like The Dark Knight
I just don't like Christian Bale in it
yeah the movies great I like lots of
things that are popular I don't like bad
things that are popular that's what you
keep right on doing that voice that's
bad remember is if I go with this voice
is fighting clowns
you're better at that benign Goodwin
tell me a joke you win the Christian
Bale back it's not a contest little push
close the fridge
whoa yeah excuse me but this clown has
bazooka this is the worst who would be
hard
ah you know why I hate one of the
reasons why I other than it just being
ridiculous the Christian Bale Batman
voice what do you what's up because
Batman should be the real character as
Bruce Wayne's the fake right see no
ideally you think the Batman voice would
be very sincere um that's the real
character well you know that these are
different interpretations of the Batman
source it's not an interpretation I'm
particularly fun how's that one The Dark
Knight interpretation of Batman uh yeah
yeah I I get it like The Dark Knight
true Telekom always Batman soulful comes
in the heart it's still beasty yeah
that's Jane and you know it's coming
from the same man but they do sound like
two completely different peoples without
putting out a goofy voice yeah it's
Bale's Batman is goofy
all right you can't be like when he
talks to what's-her-name whoa who's the
who's the lady in the first one
what's the actress is Katie Holmes when
he's talking to Katie Holmes in the
subway platform he's like I have some
information for you that's not how you
talk to normal people and I know you're
Batman you're not a normal person but
that's comical I'm dying so and yes I am
talking about exactly how Kevin Conroy
did it because that's what works yeah
yes we're saying the thing we like to
think we like and these are the reasons
why we like yes yes
these are the reasons why we like it
because they work for us obviously
things might work for you alright
there's so many uncheck up red letter
media and hyperbole this is not
hyperbole
I actually actually really hate
Christian Bale's Batman oh yeah yeah no
like so I'm Fred if I firmly but that's
me I genuinely hate that point so here's
the thing about what hyperbole is like
you know some rich just gave an opinion
he does not like Christian Bale's Batman
right hyperbole is saying it's the worst
thing since uh what so it's really what
cetera you know it's the worst thing
since 9/11 that's hyperbole like saying
that it's very bad saying that it's the
worst Batman is not hyperbole that's
just stating an opinion right hyperbole
is exaggerating beyond the point of
reason for comedic purposes you so use
your words correctly I guess is what I'm
saying
um saying that he thinks it's the worst
Batman is not necessarily no it's not
hyperbole that is his opinion that is
where he ranks it worst thing since my
son
that's right sir Gibby that's hyperbole
I would put him in honor if I put him a
little Clooney but I probably put him
below second Batman
Bellco well a perfect one below Val
Kilmer yeah well now Kilmer might not
have been in the best Batman movie but
I'll still probably take his Batman over
Christian Bale's Batman might not even
who sounds exactly like
riff raff room
yeah I just walked out to play that's
fine you can walk off as many clothes as
you would like to right
yeah and by the way like I obviously
it's it's hard to judge like Clooney's
or Val Kilmer's Batman because those
movies were pretty ridiculous
right um Clooney he wasn't even trying
he was just being George yes yes George
Clooney and George Clooney addresses has
been yeah I was like a crazed like
watching a Halloween party in LA all
away party yes yeah that's a good way to
put it that's exactly what Batman or
Robin was hi I'm George Clooney I'm
dressed up as Batman for Halloween have
you met a so the Alicia Silverstone's
she's dressing up as pink it's gonna be
a really fun time ah yeah obviously
looking back at it on it as an adult to
the first two Batman movies had some
issues but I think that Michael Keaton
Michael Keaton's Bruce Wayne was one of
the most complex Bruce Wayne's which was
great yes he played he played that one
with some depth he killed that role I
would rather see a younger Michael
Keaton in the Dark Knight a younger but
you know told how
but put what Michael Michael Keaton 89
in the Dark Knight okay guess what these
test tubes - oh I can block oh that's me
I have test-tube George okay
I believe you have testers so this is
that's not an instruction I think
there's a my head room that just falls
off the screen
yeah I just fell off the screen it's
true that's executive fucking bazooka
Joe yeah no I don't like Bale's Batman I
don't like the Dark Knight Rises that
movie can suck a ball I really really
dislike that I don't hate prices you
didn't hate raisins love it I hate it
rises high genuinely hated I I had worse
times
Jordan okay I'll give it out I'm with it
I've had worse times in the theater but
man and then when we got screwed because
of people utters death
okay the Joker was going to be in that
room Oh was it yeah I don't care
yeah you know what they got enough
people working they're gonna fixed it
they could have rewritten it better just
a load of suck
as far as I'm concerned gonna be Batman
well that's that's an interesting
question Michael Keaton playing Batman
in a adaptation of Dark Knight Returns
cuz that's about old Batman coming out
of retirement the comic book yeah yeah
yeah yeah with that yeah table with that
though that though the Dark Knight
Returns Batman was written as more of a
violent psychopath but that's fine
Keaton can do it he can do anything
oh my god I need to find Catwoman come
here bitch
punch it nope okay I have some bearing
oh my god
I'm gonna kick in I'm gonna kick it
our Dark Knight Returns is so data now
would only work as a warriors type movie
yeah I do realize though that at the
time the Dark Knight always during it
returns I was thinking of Batman Returns
yeah never mind never mind
yeah Batman Returns and that was
something that was intended to be
camping but dirt Magra to look at
different way I just read that
fuck get my ass handed to me like
Catwoman
how come I can't use one test tube J do
you ever watch Batman Beyond yeah a
little bit I haven't really I probably
should it's fine it's fine it's uh you
know trying to add a little bit Peter
Parker pretty much yeah pretty much it's
you know it's kid Batman and so that's
that kind of killin for me okay is you
know I don't care about kid Batman if I
want to see kids superheroes there's a
ton of them that I there's like that
make you want watch back I wanna watch a
detective yeah there's a fun stuff they
had a really killer mr. freeze episode
of batman beyond where like they could
cure him because it's the future now
yeah so it was just a head at that point
no and near the end of the animated
series he was just thank you then yeah I
figured I don't I don't know exactly how
fuck that they have like a damn movie
where it's like the Monica Robins was an
old man and you're like yeah that's um
that's um fun runs but it's yeah don't
don't get spider-man in my Batman I did
see the return of the Joker that oh
that's never steps that was pretty damn
good yeah that's what I was talking
about where was one of the Robins comes
back I didn't want to spoil it oh well
yeah they haven't watched it by now
yeah it's fine no I don't want to spoil
it for you but yeah oh they're fine yeah
listen I'm sorry we're spoiling a 15
year old animated movie how the fuck I
did like though the what was Peggy
Bernardi mad man's name again it's
turning us this solution to the Joker
was laughing at him and that was that
was an interesting take
well my name okay talking about the bad
bad and animated movies I've seen them
all I even like any of the movies that
much they're okay sub-zero mess with
phantasm I've seen it in that last one
they made the Catwoman one that was
terrible ah the bad woman one yeah
mystery of the Batwoman
I hated that years there no I know if
they count return of the Joker as a
movie is I think as they do and then
that I guess that would be best
yeah
I thought it was good um why was he
crippled it oxygen you talking about
Dark Knight Rises
it's fucking right big deal about
fucking fat minutes beginning Dark
Knight Rises right yeah he's all heard
like oh no I'm sober and everything
sucks doctors like your knees are fucked
up and then but it never comes up
fucking never comes why'd he stop being
Batman fucking why I guess oh but wait
up I see a pretty woman I'll be Batman
again fuck you why does nothing there's
nothing matters in that movie look yeah
I'm not saying it's my favorite book I'm
just saying it's not it's not terrible
if I think it's there okay I got you
sterile Bob - yeah yeah dad whatever
whatever but I was Arkham Asylum is a
better story when I was when I was a
child you need to play Arkham Asylum
Arkham Asylum was fucking great
you could sold me what my parents died
Bruce went in because of course he's the
only kid whose parents are dead fucking
fucking fucking that stupid movie
now I have to fly this bomb out I have
to do it this way
what Dad Oh see you in a chateau a ting
a brunch and I don't want you to say hi
even though I am your father figure
that's my mic okay it's pretty good now
somebody in the chat shitting on Arkham
origins have you owned that movie then
that game doesn't deserve to get shit
honest it doesn't have the the little
touches that that Rocksteady gave those
games ah large parts of the map are
actually ripped off from Arkham City but
the story itself in Arkham origin I
actually actually gonna like it it's not
the worst thing ever made jag do you
have an explanation for the plain scene
but planes in and Batman in the
beginning of Isis what even point time
hey I don't know what they want explain
loves worth a me where you escape they
broke the plane apart yeah yeah guess
what it doesn't fucking matter it's a
bad movie nothing matters in that movie
it's bad movie nothing makes sense
oh there's a kid there's a kid I knew
you're Batman why you came to the
orphanage one day I saw how sad you were
cuz Batman's sad fuck you Joseph
gordon-levitt Jeff side they like you're
my okay it's a good Michael Caine
oppression I know the impression that
left me dumbfounded for 10 minutes what
what do we do but we phone unbelievable
even though I cared for you as a child
enters in the dope I hope that you faked
your own death I'm losing it here you're
getting like like like rap star and mix
in with her now as a hip-hop Michael K a
Batman's butler
throw more touchdowns the Cutler anybody
well it was literally the first thing I
could have had with Butler okay so Jim J
and Mike like the dark Mary's I think
they were okay with the Dark Knight
Rises I think they're a little bit above
okay I think that's I don't liked it
yeah I really love better than they
loved it no no I didn't yeah and I have
talked with them about this and it's
fine you can have different opinions on
movies guys remember this is something
we talk about a lot you guys can field a
different way about the movies that I
feel rich feels differently about the
movie the night
you guys should play parappa the rapper
yeah
I am a hip-hop master I'm trying to
think of an actual like Alfred rhyme now
also small detail about the entire Chris
Nolan Batman okay thing Alfred the
butler yeah why does he have a cockney
accent I why is this matter Butler's
usually but bottled for high society
people and a cockney accent would be
looked down upon well maybe he's got a
really unique and interesting backstory
somebody has gotten the exit sure how
somebody from that social layer would
get to be a butler yeah they did this
whole interesting backstory you just
ignoring because you're a hater Jack
you're a hater what's the backstory
explained in the novelization
probably that's a Miss a minor do you
know you don't want feel bad for the guy
who had to write the novelization for
attack of a close how do I explain this
shit how could I make any of this mess
I'll just write the script and take out
the character names reformat it's fine
okay yeah now that's nitpicking you're
right that that was nitpicky bullshit
and you're right there's so many real
things to hate on oh my god what the
fuck for Dark Knight Rises ain't got no
thank you for subscribing got go what do
we do when we subscribe we get thanked
I've got Luffy we have to stop the
stream yeah okay okay okay
goodbye everyone oh my god it's full
13-yard um word um tank you didn't like
my cocaine accent this is what we sound
like
Oh cocaine ah
you know hope do like like I've lost my
cocaine I don't I'm not good at accents
good Lord Jesus fuck what
yeah Jack has really lost it but hey
everybody thanks for coming out thank
you to all the new subscribers all the
old subscribers and all the people who
just came out to see us be dumb we super
appreciated that's everybody good they
don't they'll tune in to us for
intelligent box we want to hear two
dudes bitch about things yeah they to an
end so they can say we'll see if we get
rich talk about Mass Effect again yeah
yeah
okay good we're going goodbye good night
everybody
battery stop this thing I don't know I
guess we're streaming them forever
you
