Episode 121
Mario Kart 8 (Single Player)
November 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3e2bg6y0cc
___________________________________________

I have hit the start streaming button
and while we wait for confirmation that
we have started streaming I'm going to
tweet out okay we've started streaming
though we are officially moved to that
one we are officially waiting for
confirmation that we started streaming
oh I see a yay I see an oh shit
motherfuckers so I think that we are up
on the screen so I can see it I know
where she is oh it's a streaming is it
officially a thing I'm going to update
the broadcast here broadcast
successfully updated we are playing
Mario Kart 8 rich say hi to everyone why
Jack is busy tweeting things about
things and I guess we're playing Mario
Kart because what there's new Mario Kart
did there was new deal feed those new
DVDs they send you in the mail
mmm-hmm I don't understand yeah it's
really shockingly low tech for Nintendo
there's new DLC I can't talk and title
at the same time this is a this is a
real problem that I have so this is this
is your job right you're the color
commentator you can't you know I can't
Phil we've gone over this before I know
it yet I still find it amusing don't
dance
thank you oh shut up oh you just shut
yeah so we did a Zelda episode
we did some people liked it some people
hated it but even watching it on the
YouTube comments or at over I lost my
cool with somebody too casual guys
talking about games they're bad at and
don't understand casual shit only my
games are the right and proper games
that people are allowed to play sure how
is that even casual its no no it's
earnest of hardcore hey midnight of the
century is that in your name midnight of
the century yes thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it what
you're rocking well I guess it's cuz I'm
not listening to the stream audio and
I'm not hearing if you're I'm on it
right yeah it's cuz you're not live
that's why it's that's why attack and a
half
yeah the comments have been
overwhelmingly positive I will say for
for once people have really enjoyed our
conversation but yeah still every single
time no matter what there are those
absolute asshats who tell us every
little thing we're doing wrong we're
playing the game wrong 100% of the time
those please I'm so weary sometimes Jack
so weary mm-hmm yeah you get weary um
you know then that's okay I think you
can feel weary oh my god another what
the fuck
feline diabeetus can you read that
subscribe that's a great name someone in
the chat is saying that they're loving
the new artwork for the twitch channel
yes that artwork is great that was that
was all the characters were drawn by a
fan and I added the background because
uh because it looks a lot like they had
a tentacle and we love it and I'm
talking with him about doing maybe a new
like animated intro thing for our real
show because I've really liked the way
it looks and if you're wondering why
rich looks like a dwarf because it's no
no you're you're slightly shorter than I
am but I think I'm tall I don't I don't
know what the average - average like 510
511 yeah I think your average I'm a
little tall see you are significantly
bigger than both Jay and Jesse and yet
you are the tiniest one on that picture
and I love it I see someone else in the
chat asking why we chose to do Zelda -
if we didn't necessarily have strong
feelings on it and I would like to talk
about that a little bit after I open up
this mighty snack oh that's great for
anyone interesting interested I'm
drinking a tall grass buffalo sweat
oatmeal cream stout tonight we're
looking for a variety at least at least
I was cuz we done some new games we've
done some indie stuff we just did alien
which is the Triple Aim figured we'd
we'd do a classic one after that and I I
mentioned Ulta - just because I know
it's so odd for a Zelda game maybe we
just talk about there's anything
interesting and that's that's that's how
we
pick that one yeah yeah it was it was
literally that simple it had been a
while since both of us had played to
Zelda to it no one really talks about
Zelda 2 anymore which was surprise onda
to fact that actually got cut out of the
discussion and I suppose in some way
it's another reason I wanted to revisit
the game but when when I was a child and
Zelda 2 was new one of my friends at
school actually stole my copy of zelda 2
before I could I don't know I don't
think I'd finish the game yet but he
borrowed it and he didn't tell me he was
moving that week so he borrowed the game
and then one day he just vanished
forever with my Zelda to that prick that
what an absolute dickhead that was one
of the last things to get cut was that
little segment about that's why as a kid
I didn't get past the first palace
because I have a tiny broken baby brain
and I can't handle I couldn't handle it
as a child I could barely handle it as
an adult and and rich was rich was
telling this way that was one of the
last things to get cotton yeah I'm sorry
I cut that out I think I think I got
about four dungeons in I was Phil Davis
oh the famous Phil Davis thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate him I
would love to track him out but I you
know I don't even remember his name that
was one of my first questions to you is
what was I think that's funny make the
prereq videos longer please they have
been they've been getting a little bit
longer this one was shorter than the
alien one just because
rich and I kind of talked all over the
place we did not have a structured
conversation as we normally have and and
so editing it together the little
threads together was was pretty
difficult and there were a lot of there
was a lot of things that got cut that
you know could have stayed could have
goed but we had talked about other stuff
in them and I needed the threads more
than I needed that so anyway we will I
mean we'll make them as long as we want
to at first I was trying to keep them
like under 10 minutes and realized
really quickly that that wasn't enough
time though they need to be they're
gonna be as long as they need to be
someone is asking a very important
question rich which is a jack which
razors
do you use terribly important I get
razors mailed to me through harrys.com
they I get a big batch of razors and
shave butter every month and I've really
enjoyed them and if you go to harrys.com
and tell them that I sent you absolutely
nothing will happen because we don't
have a deal with them but but that's
what I use and I really like them yeah
it also comes in a really cool pattern
you know if you really want to hear us
expand upon ideas we talked about on the
show just listen to the street that's
kind of shit we're doing now absolutely
absolutely
yeah I'm trying to think of like some of
the points definitely as I was editing
and here you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna just play some single-player here
while we because I've been trying to
three-star everything as you see both
the 1503 threes I have all the three
gold stars and in both of the new
circuits but I did not do the hundred
and fifty CC yet so I'm just gonna I'm
gonna warm up show you guys the plays
link link is one of the new characters
that you can play as and it's really
kind of doofy seeing him drive a go kart
I'll be honest with you the other new
characters are peach in a cat suit in a
cats okay and Mario a cat like like a
big furry cat so you'll see why would I
want an entirely new different character
and I just have an old character in a
new suit it's honestly just letdown it's
honestly the weirdest yeah and Mario in
a tanooki suit that like I don't care
about the new characters because I don't
have made a million dollars for them
sonic what Sonic that that would be
really funny by the way yes I agree I
don't care about the new characters but
we get we get eight new tracks for this
round of DLC and soon enough another
round of DLC will come where we get
another eight new tracks
that's exciting how much I wanna say was
like twelve it was twelve for all
sixteen tracks so we have a new class
what's what it's gonna cost you to buy a
complete game twelve dollars okay zombie
locust the game hey zombie locust
driving zombie locust we really
appreciate it
highly highly suspicious of DLC Jack
I know you up there's no reason but you
know it's feeling fuckin abandoned the
big game on Italy's no reason at all
well more so there's no reason he just
like needed to be in the game at all
like now like that's a bonus but you
know what we get extra courses and to me
that's worth it 100% obviously your and
eyes idea of what is worth it is vastly
different and I'm gonna be okay then
extra content for a game I like baby
what you view as baby Daisy the treasure
hidden it's a banana
oh yeah yeah I get that I get that like
it's and in my mind its content that we
just wouldn't have gotten otherwise
you know like Mario Kart games come
usually with eight Grand Prix's we got
the eight so that's a full Mario Kart
game continent and so now we get we get
an additional eight Grand Prix's for $12
that's a steal no I don't think I'm
gonna I think I need to be in first
place
all three laps to get three stars I
think I've already found a job getting
three stars it's so Sun should be you
know what I'm doing I'm embarrassing
myself in front of the stream but so
don't feel too bad because your skills
you focusing on I'm talking it does with
us in on the game I'm so I'd like to
think I'm Zen enough in Mario Kart just
to be able to put all that out of my
I think I'm it's really yes in there is
there's a Zenda markers I mean I can
pull that off because I'm hot shit
that's what I mean that's what I mean I
say what you mean I got first place I'm
pretty good at Mario Kart I think any
different tires
um what are we talking about DLC so I
don't know you know what you know what
else the DLC did it got me to pick up
the game again because I had already
like I had a hundred percent did
everything and so it was just like it
was another excuse you know we hate
Triple A games
I think she's that true everyone says it
oh man man it's really weird cuz too bad
I'm in my copy of Grand Theft Auto 5
yeah you probably have to do that you
probably have to turn in XCOM you can't
have ex-con that's a triple-a game can't
have any of the Arkham games I can't be
playing this right now like doom 3 it's
not olds that's super agent that's turn
that in dude yeah doom is triple-a like
ends ok yep you dick waluigi alright oh
I'm off to a bad start
no I have to turn in all of the Nintendo
games that I really enjoy we have to we
have to turn in all this stuff because
they're triple-a game so we can't enjoy
I'm not enjoying this right yeah I do
absolutely yeah yeah
you know what that's exactly how you
describe this game kid I am I'm gonna
fail not this is the nd and you know
what you get here you get an exciting
course that's fun course yeah I like
that so now no chance ask me what I'm
going to stream doom 3 and I've been
thinking originally scared me off group
we should mentioned reloading and and
making it more like a modern shooter
which the things I don't want to do but
right I actually watched the video of
brutal doom and it looks it looks like
it's really just kind of a crazier
version of doom and not not actually a
my resident so I know you would you guys
rather watch me stream Doom 3 or a
brutal doom is my way tough choice Chan
I know enough joy December the new
version of brutal doom was coming out
that's the thing that's happened and is
brutal doom like is it is that like a
fan modder like okay yeah that's not
it's it's up to you know Jen doom 3 I
find that interesting well you know it
not less more brutal dudes you coming up
I can't tell who's winning you know one
of those strawpoll things oh okay
because that's that's something I might
do I'm also I also last ministry dog
because before before oh yeah actually
didn't didn't get into contact with Jack
until very late because I got lost while
playing firefighter I just completely
lost track of time while blowing up
x-wings oh they're saying Duke Nukem
Forever is the game they want to play
the answer's no I'll tell you that right
now I'm not playing any fucking fucking
game pad right yeah you were pretty
miserable during titanfall yeah uh yeah
I don't know I don't know rich serious
of serious Sam yeah I hear great things
about Sam I played that a little bit
it was a fun game like the Wright
brothers what both oh they're saying
both
I can get to superboost I'm not gonna
get the super boost very important rich
effing up already you see masteries
that's that's kind of true but you know
what I would be I would be perfectly
happy if the fucking PlayStation 4 and
Xbox would let you use a goddamn USB
mouse and keyboard and it's just
annoying that is really annoying
yeah you know I just I think it's a it's
an accessibility issue where they want
to they want to make sure all the games
kind of conform to their Mouse that's
actually what it is yeah I think I heard
him what the fuck rich we're talking
about something
Danny himself thank you for subscribing
and we're talking about something that
would be completely optional you know
right yes that's an option that's
something that just would enhance
somebody's experience but that wouldn't
be fair the people playing with a
gamepad for multiple you made me fall
off the track wrench I really like that
movie further I think if some people do
rather well control or do better with a
mouse yeah sure I'm gonna go ahead and
believe you because I do I think I do
think Mouse and mice and keyboards are
mice are 100 percent more accurate than
a control pad 100 percent I will always
continue to use a control pad because I
think is more comfortable but I do agree
with that you can be a better player
with a mouse oh crap crap I'm on a grass
I'm on a grass I'm not saying that
nobody
should ever be allowed to use a gamepad
for a game I just want to be able to I'm
playing you would still use a gamepad
and I have no issue with that I think
that's fair I think you're being too
reasonable rich and that's why your
point isn't getting across you're being
way too reasonable oh yeah you lost I
got I got blue shell then the blue shell
I could take but then I've got red
shells right away so I failed I think I
still won B overall yeah I still won the
overall oh wait do I have one more I
have one more race we'll see if I can
get first place in the overall but I
lost my three stars 3 starring every
Mario karts pills yeah it's freakish uh
it's frikar oh this is awesome it's a
mute City it's an f-zero track this
track is awesome no no it'sit's the did
you ever played f-zero for game games oh
god I don't even know yeah it was great
oh my god it was awesome
uh it was awesome I don't remember what
it was called but it was awesome it was
oh it was called f0 but awesome that was
the name of it if you hit those little
pegs everyone wondering why I'm hitting
those pegs it's because if you hit the
pegs they give you a little boost
afterwards okay so you want to try to
hit as many of those pegs as possible
they turn you they give you a little bit
of a of a spin but it's worth it it's
worth it for the boost
that's all I have to say about them did
I ever play any of the ps1 Final Fantasy
games well seeing as I despised JRPGs I
could safely say that no I have not oh
yeah you haven't that's surprising
that's surprising to me who never pays
attention to you my sister was really
into the Final Fantasy 7 and I watched
her play and I'm just thinking to myself
how can you stomach that shit yeah yeah
Final Fantasy's I think I've played to
four or five of the Final Fantasy's and
I always get to the same point before
the final boss in which I give up
because I'm not powerful enough and I
need to grind and I don't like to grind
answer the chance question when I hate
about JRPGs yeah the characters the
stories and me and the combat so pretty
much everything oh wow
harsh harsh I love actually can't stand
I love that though that just taking turn
selecting the attack button Oh what the
fuck the random encounters just went
along and Boop
and that happens 30
on your way to the decimal I hate
everything about them no would you see
her what the fuck okay see if you can
figure it out oh yeah no I'm trying to
scroll as we go so scrolling oh here it
is
f f delvis f delvis 87 thank you for
subscribing we very so mushy Final
Fantasy Tactics but if it's the same
kind of combat you get in a normal Final
Fantasy game I can guarantee you I
wouldn't like it
no time I want to say tactics is more
like an ex con thing yeah it's like it's
like a grid-based thing I really like
turn-based combat and that might be
weird coming from someone like me but I
find it very I find the repetition very
soothing and and you with certain RPGs
or with certain turn-based combat you
know like there is a strategy involved
with what you use where and I really
like that oh oh octo Jay I'm using I'm
using the pro controller to play this
right now not I'm not using the tablet
I'm just using the pro controller which
I like I'm not using tilt controls if
that's what you're asking
sister I was talking about who liked the
Final Fantasy III just talking to her
lately she's actually was just a voice
actress in a game that was released on
Steam indie game called ensign won some
kind of space earlier sim game I haven't
looked at it yet
oh cool she's oh that's fun I haven't
look very yet I mean I'm not gonna play
it checking it out yet I might want to
stream it someday I mean you should
right that's just fun
I'm using the Mario he's hot she's
married so so her hotness is irrelevant
yes that is uh that's the correct answer
rich fourth on that dragon level all the
other first place no and by the way I
don't know if you were paying attention
but that mute City run
no one could fuckin touch me I didn't I
didn't see another driver that entire
race it's under stream streaming this
was incredibly difficult I came to take
a picture of my office right now to show
you how janky it is because of all of
the wires everywhere and the crazy stuff
everywhere I'm getting playing my my Wii
U and streaming it is an experience here
I'll do I'll do one more one more single
race and then and then we'll open it up
to the stream i streamed out my I got a
bunch of friend requests today so we
will be doing in stream multiplayer but
I'm going to do the other so he can more
thoroughly kick your ass yeah yeah
basically I just need to warm up a
little bit so you know just kick you
when you're done that's that's that's
the strategy yeah okay so I think I need
to you know my tires they gave me good
speed but I'd like a little more they
had like a little more traction the
thing
he's my baby now on camera no I don't
know I wish I could tell you I always I
always figured the important lies you
know us bullshitting you know thank you
nice no I think I do I do you want me to
bullshit about this who do I mean I have
to answer this seriously what's funnier
the I'll give you the bullshit answer
first the bullshit answer is they want
to see it they want to see us when when
something bad happens they want to see
our reaction right people like watching
people fail and it's like oh my god I
can't believe that happened and they get
to see us get mad right that's by five
nights at freddys don't can't me fucking
stairs I'm sorry oh my god that game
sucks no but you know I do think people
want that I think that has unfortunately
that has created that that created five
nights at freddy I don't think five
nights as pretty as a real game and I
think that people just wanting streamers
to react created five nights at freddy
and I hate that about the face cam but
on a more serious level I do think that
people like to watch the streams to kind
of vicariously play the game and that
might be easier to empathize with us if
they're watching us play the game it
makes it more personal it makes it as if
we're in the room with them
only a vicarious thing with us I mean I
think it is record I always thought this
is more of them
sure sure it's I mean it's a podcast
with visuals but it's its visuals that
someone can easily identify with and add
excitement to no matter what we're
talking about we could just be talking
about the game so the FaceCam I can
understand why people want the FaceCam
we're not going to do it because we have
so many technical issues as is that it
would it would add another kink in the
in the puzzle that is streaming so
that's all I don't know but I really do
think that's why people wanted they'd
like to they like to feel like they're
in the room with us and maybe seeing our
faces our beautiful faces would make
them feel like they're more a part of it
you guys in the chat are a huge part of
this
you have no idea like how much we read
the chat and feed off of the chat we
love that so but I can understand it
does that make sense okay what do you
get would hey Chan what do you think is
that right is that why you want facecam
or do you just want to see us fall down
because either way I'll believe Thank
You Lloyd Lloyd beet says I like the
feeling like you're in the same room
nest of these dreams so okay yeah okay
son of a bitch I got blue shelled rich I
got blue fucking shit so we can pleasure
ourselves and I just don't believe that
yeah there we go there we go no that
makes perfect sense
mmm John kilo says Jack what do we do
when we fall I don't I love it they love
my imprison you know yesyes crocodile
brain says that seeing body language is
as important as hearing voices see how
late our streams are because of
technical problems or how plagued with
technical problems they are after you
start a scam would help these problems
in any way shape or form I don't think
they care I think they would love that
if they got to see us be frustrated on
camera they would love that this is a by
the way revamped Ness Rainbow Road okay
yep if you're seeing this it's much it's
much wider than snow sprain Bell Road so
it's a little bullshit because now it's
very it's a very easy course you know so
many cars on the track I don't know if
they could make it bad right work it's a
really neat track though really is it
work oh well technically six dollars it
is it's twelve dollars for all the DLC
and this is just the half of it and as
far as I'm concerned yes because I get
to race on this and I'm loving it for
someone who's not that into Mario Kart
you know I could see I can see it not
being worth it but then why would you
buy a Mario Kart in the first place well
I most you'll see I usually do is
something that probably could to have
ship with the game on launch triggers
seven eight three thank you for
subscribing Donnell says let's make a
deal subscribe if you will play Final
Fantasy Tactics on
dream no I saw in the chat they were
saying that it's it's a lot like it's
it's like a games I would actually like
the stream I don't I don't think I can
make that bargain like I said doom doom
brutal doom 3 game that instant 1 so you
know I couldn't even tell you when we'd
get around to it oh hey sir gimpy is
here sir can't be I wanted only mod I
will absolutely 1v1 you ok ok in my
regard we're gonna open it up and I was
told how to create a like a group I can
create a group and I'll invite all of
you guys to the group and we'll all race
together and I'll fucking whip your
asses that's actually probably not true
most of you will win it stiff it's very
different playing against real people
that is playing against I can only
assume the guy who's asking me if I've
played thief is joking but that is
another one I would like to stream a lot
of games I'd like to play on the strip
there's gonna be there's gonna it's
gonna be very different once once you
get your computer and you can stream
games and I'll be the color commentator
and you stream whatever you want it's
gonna be very different I think we're
gonna get a lot of those type of games
absolutely rich is gonna play some stuff
and go and go silence and I'll be the
color the real bat is that what's the
real thief they just did a remake of
what's horrible I was here ok ok I'm
with you
I can't do it now my computer can't
handle streaming lets me this would be
after an update right if anyone was
around for riches the failed stream
attack did not work my computer like
literally started yeah yeah so so that's
it for that but rich will be as soon as
he gets a new computer which will
hopefully be happening sometime soon now
they're asking me who my favorite
wrestler is which I'm gonna answer
because that's that's that's something
different I don't know if ever talked
about recently okay no that's a good
question
hold Hogan hands down it's toss-up
between Macho Man Randy Savage or rowdy
roddy piper
whoo rowdy yeah he could uh could it not
be rowdy rowdy
he was fucking great at that he was also
in Bayliss oh yeah I mean everybody
loved Macho Man everybody loves Macho
Man oh fuck oh I had my bananas how did
you hit me I had my bananas fuck you not
killing it rich not killing it oh my god
I can't get six that would be I would
shame my family if I got six get out of
here okay third I can take third we want
to do I was I was going back and forth
with Josh on Twitter a little bit the
other day and he wants to do a wrestling
night we're playing nothing but
wrestling games
I think that would be a great idea I
haven't played any wrestling games there
neither have I I do know there is a
wrestling game where you can create your
own video game based off a fake sport
which is just kind of fascinating I can
tell you what absolutely I love it we
hate - I never understood why the
Ultimate Warrior yeah yeah yeah he was
crazy it was incomprehensible
he wasn't like clever raisi though yeah
all right you know what that's fine
that's fair when I when I the short
period in which I watched wrestling view
the ones that I remembered are the
bushwhackers number the bushwhackers
they were like a tag-team duo that were
hillbillies yeah they were great they
were like simpleton wrestlers and I
loved them this is the Zelda track for
anyone paying attention you know pretty
awesome instead of coins you get Ruby
yeah all the little things are
zelda-esque oh it's kind of neat you
know what it is it's cute the whole
thing the whole thing is very cute
that out my game though first place is
on the line here are you playing into
people no don't gotta beat that no a
goddamn long giant this is well there's
four races rich and I've already done
I've already done seven I've already
done seven races this is the last race
and then I'll start playing against real
people and probably lose as long as I
win once I think I'll be okay that's the
general rule we had um we had some
people over the other day and we were
playing Smash Brothers for the Gamecube
and it has been so long since I played
smash brothers but you know I used to
play it all the time I used to be great
at it but the people that we had lost
your boat you'll smash preserves oh
absolutely I mean it's been a while
since I played smash broz that's
something were you in your mind
absolutely have to be playing against
other people is that why yeah Smash
Brothers absolutely yeah you have I mean
the girls it's not a game it's not cheap
you know Smash Brothers if you're not
playing against other people it's like
why why are you even playing that's what
got me so excited about Mario Kart is
the online component there's not a lot
of people online any more fucking blue
shell oh fuck you oh I tried to pull my
big fuck you move maneuver I have this
brilliant blue shell fuck you maneuver
which is if someone is close to you and
you're in first place and you see the
blue shell slam on the brakes
so you you take out all the people
behind you and and it failed I'm sorry
my maneuver failed they they passed me
and I got lost
yeah it was not in time yeah there's not
in time my maneuver failed well and
they're not gonna let you I'm sorry I'm
just sorry no I lost the whole thing I
got in second place for the whole of the
whole freaking tournament and now I
I've shamed myself you know what was it
the the we smash brothers had a really
cool like side-scroller brawler section
it was like the story mode of Smash
Brothers and I thought that was really
neat I would play I would play just that
for a while I I cannot comment at all on
Smash Brothers it's not something I got
oh look at this shame of that silver
trophy yuck
