Episode 124
Mario Kart 8 (Multiplayer with The Stream (Part 3))
November 28, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLhLjVJTj8w
___________________________________________

is my okay I've just started the stream
again his riches audio good now LOL well
it'll take a little bit to hear from
everyone we heard you we heard you that
okay rich you'll have to tell me cuz I'm
gonna really yeah it looks like you
might not have to turn the upsala
because nobody has said that oh wait the
stream died
yeah it stopped and restarted I can can
you hear me now am I am i audible this
worked the last time so I can only
assume this will it'll work this time
not cancel the Skype call and then I
gotta come back and what did you have
been you know exactly as it was but oh
sure but you know like I didn't want
like if we heard you like you know
rustling with your keys or you're doing
stuff when you were really coming in
your place just like we're talking about
games art wait can I hear you I hear him
not yeah they can hear me now so we're
talking about games sorry oh great and
then I mentioned No More Heroes and then
Jack said through gameplay and I just
completely ignored that right because
rich likes to think about games under
all the artists one not just gameplay
alright you can do that there's you talk
about noise right right it's no more
noise is about gaming
Travis touchdown the main character No
More Heroes he's he's kind of just you
know he represents gamers in general
he's he's a nerdy guy who is not at all
some conscious about how nerdy he is he
he has an apartment when he collects
anime and he's a fan of wrestling he is
he represents gamers and he's he's
obsessed with being the top-ranked
assassin and in the in the meta story
that means the best of Gabe reason he's
a hardcore gamer and he's gonna be the
number one ranked you he wants
be on the top of the leaderboard alright
and sure zeroes there are our missions
you get assigned in every every every
ranked battle is like a new game he buys
in order to get that game in order to be
able to afford the entry fee for the
battle he has to get a regular normal
everyday schmuck job boring and tedious
but that actually might not a deliberate
choice because the open world and No
More Heroes is actually pretty barren
there's not much you could do because
that's like the real world the real
world is gonna bring standard boring
place and Travis works some kind of job
he doesn't enjoy so he can afford money
to basically buy a game which is the
rank battle and so there's that that
medal there's no more heroes that I find
interesting and Silvia she's kind of
like a producer who's trying to sell
Travis on the new rank battle or the new
game so no more hero aren't rich they're
calling that arty-farty bullshit that's
okay yeah we cannot hear you chew food
if you chew back there well that's good
who the F 0 course that was a good one
too
yeah we'll definitely let's do the def 0
course next for everyone who's listening
everyone choose F 0 course no and by the
way I buy that I buy your your No More
Heroes argument I accept your argument
as the the art of the story and the art
of the world the open-world is boring
and that's me yeah yeah ok all right you
know what I'll buy that I'll buy that
it's not a you know No More Heroes was
not necessarily my thing but i buy i buy
your art rich
like everyone fuck ah fuck everyone this
is getting this is getting more serious
now that we have 12 people involved are
you losing are you like 11th place now
um I'm in 12 for it now yeah yeah I'm
doing pretty terrible
i I've I won the first race I got 1st
place the first race and I got 2nd place
the second race so we'll see if we can
if we can work our way up I had a really
good powerup for being in 1st place
before that I had to get rid of I had
the horn which if you're in first place
the horn is the only thing that can
cancel out the blue shell of death but
that does not help you advance so we
needed to get rid of that Anna's bananas
don't help me none and 6th goddamn place
I need something better than bananas ok
so no more heroes art I fully stand by
that all right I like that well no and
you know I was trying to think of
examples examples of games you know
obviously Shadow of the Colossus is is a
fine example of kind of ice being
isolated and having to fight these
unimaginable monsters of depression
after losing a loved one you know like
there's some really good there's some
very good aiming in gameplay in Shadow
of the Colossus my personal pick was for
Metroid Prime is because I really like
Metroid Prime but also I think like you
know exploration its it handled mystery
very well I'd like Metroid Prime more if
I could use a mouse hello that's fun
allowed to go it's all I got
okay great I'm glad I wanted a good ad
so before I left we're talking about
yeah the Clone Saga III said oh that's
right we were talking about spider-man
story ever made and then the chance
started talking about one more day yeah
and you have a point and but that made
me think though just about how many
awful awful
spider-man stories there have been since
the mid-nineteen them all so far I've
come up with maximum carnage garbage
garbage
there were Parker's CIA agent parents
come back from the dead but they're
really robots sicht on him by the
chameleon garbage mm-hmm
gwen stacy has adult babies fathered by
the green goblin the other and then yeah
and you have to play the other to me
again because i have not read the other
bullshit a lot of a lot of bullshit
worse bullshit in magic and magical
power i whatever and i don't know if the
story had a name but there was the one
where spider-man turned into like a
giant real spider who then gave birth to
Peter Oh not which made you most you
know it's it's one of those things with
comic books where spider-man has been
swinging webs since the 60s and after 90
years you know you're gonna tell it
you're gonna tell a dud of the story
somewhere in that nine
year run see you have to give a little
break but also like yeah maybe it's time
to you know what maybe it's time to come
up with a new superhero shit I didn't
need to do that I didn't need to do that
I had a good power of not paying
attention
oh fuck you fuck you guy with bomb I had
I had the super 8 powerup which gives
you eight random power-ups and I had a
good ones like I had a star I had a
mushroom I had a lot of good power-ups
and I was just saving to get out of this
one area someone hit me with a bomb
I lost all my goddamn power-ups
everything sucks everything's terrible I
mean easy place god damn it I am I'm
having a lot of fun I really enjoy
racing against everybody here because
they're into it they're into it like I'm
into it and so it's a really good
challenge oh by the way thank you
everyone for racing with me I really
like this this is super great fun it's
it's mostly super great fun because I
think twice now I've come in first place
and so that makes me feel good
Jack and rich how much money do I have
to donate to you directly to be allowed
in your Skype call for five minutes
I fell for jokes
I have a price $5,000
Vienna Skype call and if you don't tell
one fart joke every minute we hang up on
you because that's what you said you
said you wanted in four part jokes so no
no you know what just you need to tell
to fart jokes within the five minutes
you need to open with a fart joke then
you can chat with us and you have to
close the question is jacked you agree
with the the price point I don't care
well I don't care so sure yeah I agree I
think I think we can work for Frank for
five thousand dollars he can go until he
goes 45 seconds without a fart joke yeah
well he just said he wanted to tell
jokes
as long as as long as he doesn't make us
wait longer than 45 seconds for the next
one he can keep going with fart jokes
that's what five thousand dollars will
get yeah but I also think he just wants
to chat with us he's got those 45
seconds between fart jokes joke chat a
bit
so you're saying every fart jokes buys
him more time Wow
see that's that to me is too hard but
you know rich makes the rules guys which
one part full minute so every fart joke
buys him another minute of that
[Laughter]
ah you know I think I have one I think
that's really funny and great my only
problem is like what if we start having
a good conversation and I just want to
be like hey quit interrupting us what
the fuck's our house call to be
determined whether or not you have to
keep telling fart jokes okay I like that
okay damn it Rosalina get out of here
get out of my she's rich rustling is all
up in my she's oh this is a great track
we're playing to meet city one and thank
you everyone for voting on this one
except for like the two assholes who
didn't uh this is a great track I really
love this track even though you're in
eighth place yeah it's a fun race this
is a fun race I'll fuck you know this
feels good to race on it feels like a
nice mix between you know like like a
challenge and and and smooth you're
right John Kela all we'd have to do all
he would have to do is Google fart jokes
but then again he will have paid $5,000
for the privilege sure sure oh that's I
mean that's terrible but it's funny does
that count as a fart joke
take my wife fart is that a fart joke do
we get to rank his fart jokes or or as
long as it it is technically a joke I
think I think we can rule that as as it
goes on if we don't yeah judge McCall's
judgment calls
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
leave the group and start a new group
again to make sure that other people get
a chance
buddy I just want to let you know a lot
I say I'm gonna say thanks for coming
about Dirk Huber says samurai mallcop I
love dark humor my sense of humor is
very dark nothing nothing in comedy is
sacred as long as you're genuinely funny
[Laughter]
no you know what nothing in comedy is
sacred no matter what even if your joke
fails like right now I think comedy is
sacred
as long as long as you are legitimately
telling a joke nothing is sacred it
doesn't have to be funny you know jokes
can fail that's the thing but as long as
you are actually telling a joke nothing
to see that's the glorious thing about
God and yes the $5,000 would count
towards the $1,000 fee to see the rich
Evans yearbook photo that's great that's
great rage hi great everybody's here
I like this I like this oh yeah rich did
you see that paul blart mall cop whoo
that's the thing yeah whatever yep I'm
making it I'm making it it's a thing
we're making is your favorite preacher
story arc oh you know what I need to
borrow those preacher books from you
ones yeah just got the first one and
she's had it for months
I don't think she's going to read it but
god damn it
yeah I do I don't if I don't know if my
choice for favorite is going to be
popular and everybody else but I've
always been quite fond of salvation yeah
I know you know you might not be
familiar with it but there's kind of a
change of pace for preacher
that was where the group kind of lit up
and Jesse took some time off from
looking for God and he just kind of
became the sheriff of a small town in
Texas and he went up against a corrupt
slaughterhouse owner a slaughterhouse
that he'd like to sleep with with the
crinkles rich the crinkles we can hear
those crinkles putting things away I'm
just letting you know those sprinkles
came through loud and clear
[Laughter]
I'm gonna set a reminder to everyone in
the chat here for me to have something
crinkles during your first stream it's
fine during your first your first solo
stream in which I call in I'm gonna shit
yeah that was pretty bad yeah oh shit
damn it it was it was very loud I'm
wearing headphones so you know oh all up
in my headphones rich it was all up in
my head what's not what I'm eating but I
I didn't feel like cooking macaroni
during the stream I just went out and I
got a burger yes why don't you eat real
quick because I haven't eaten since 3:00
yeah yeah I mean that's very important
they just want to know how's anyone how
was your day rich yeah you doing the
door exam company coming in tomorrow so
gerrae
all right no that is that is by the way
neither found or exciting I did play
some time that's always okay that's good
yeah both fun and exciting and I hear
Devin like a seven I'll take a seven
I got to serve the Empire oh yeah sure
is that a good thing we're gonna have to
string that one of these days all right
listen I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that that sounds that sounds like a game
that I'm interest yeah watching other
people myself right but I would like to
watch you play that while I talk about
inane bullshit though if that that
counts Oh everyone wants the Excitebike
one Hey
x-wing CD Edition TIE fighter is the
better game of the two tie fighter wins
response to a Chet
oh okay I with you oh I see someone
mentioned Culver's and the Chad Culver's
is that you're just playing in the world
you fine covers great a good you need a
good evil place I'm not gonna have any
good year replaces I miss I miss Bobby
Ross key but they're not an everyday
treat like heroes you'd have like you're
gonna have three heroes each bug heroes
heroes are the most overrated not at all
let's get you think that because you
live in Milwaukee yeah and I don't have
a good euros apparently okay alright
I'll buy that
I'll buy that for exactly one dollar you
get the reference the reference to both
Robocop in a video game that was played
Rizzo
yeah and I guess that might be true I've
really disliked euros and everyone loves
euros and I just don't get it it's like
shitty meat in a shitty falafel with
shitty so you've had shit euros yeah
yeah okay you know what I'll buy that
well I will believe you cuz I that has
happened to me before where I've had
food that I've disliked the good version
of that food and it's like oh my god you
know for most of my adult life I did not
eat cake I've never been overly fond of
cake actually you know what I don't it's
mostly the frosting I don't like yeah
too sweet too much yeah yeah and that
was my problem is most cake like had
really bland actual cake and I mean the
frosting was all sugar and so I just
stopped eating cake and told myself that
I was just not a cake eating kind of guy
then I started having good cake and it
was like oh oh
I get why cake is a thing like there's
this great little restaurant around the
corner from us and they they have like
cupcakes and every single one of their
cupcakes is a goddamn delight to the
senses you're not here Luigi waluigi
that's even worse
not here we'll hit you with my banana
and we'll hit truth Oh bro oh it's you
Oh Brian you watch your Jack he wants
your soul he did he beat me Brian beat
me how do you feel about ash versus the
Evil Dead do you know do you not know
about this yeah the series the TV series
you know oh dude we talked about this oh
yeah we might have just talked about it
in real life I am hesitant over anything
like that mostly because I don't think
that
Bruce Campbell is a leading man anymore
yeah but you know what III like ash and
evil dead enough that I'm willing to
give it a chance okay I mean is it gonna
be made by all I know I'm assuming
Rama's gonna have something to do with
it I doubt he's gonna direct every
episode but I have to assume he's in
there somewhere
what has he been doing Anna what has Sam
Raimi been up to lately I'm not sure
what has he done since the spider to do
anything after the spider-man movie sure
you made a jillion dollars no I'm yeah
well I'm sure he did I'm just actually
curious because we need a hectare that I
really thinks he produces dragging me
down yeah that was a sentence I was the
great and powerful right oh that poor
guy he did I don't know this is before
after him he did that baseball one to
the love of the game right before wasn't
it yeah before I spent a minute Hey damn
it was she but he's a goddamn Yoshi any
I haven't seen who's Campbell lately I
don't know I don't know how he's holding
up that might be full it might be fine
yeah it could be fine no you know I this
is what I want to say we've we might
have had this discussion in chat but
maybe maybe it was just a real-life
don't agree talked about the Evil Dead
series in chat which is it's I really
like that show a spy show oh my god get
when it's called a Burn Notice really
like Burn Notice that's a fun little
that's a fun little show and he plays
the Lackey best friend on Burn Notice
and I think he does a killer job at that
but ask him to be a leading man again
and I think
gonna have problems Oh older men can't
be looting well I don't think you older
men can be leading men older men like
Bruce Campbell okay you know he was a
strange leading man to begin with I'm
still on an LLC it's not gonna hurt okay
see it episode you know to Shea it will
not hurt you to see an episode a Cosme
that's gonna cost me I lost my boost out
of turn
yep I got a rest gel on my ass all right
that's gonna cost me that's a costume
yep I knew it if I would have had that
boost I wouldn't have been in range of
that read show read she'll make me lose
my job cost me some time Brian your
heart generally dammit
uh no yeah but I think Brian's in front
of me some other asshole you know
assholes I'm surrounded by assholes
yeah oh no no no you fuck fucking
waluigi you're gonna see this in a
second rich ah I do almost do it and
then Phil iowa's well I almost got third
which would have been a respectable
placing and and right at the finish line
literally inches away from the finish
line I got a red shell you've seen it
now and you know it's just one of those
things where it's like it would have
been faster for my meat to get out of
the cart and walk across the finish line
then get that cart started now is you're
having yeah yeah oh I really think that
I really am I really am genuinely having
fun
I didn't want to do that what are we
gonna do guys we're gonna play many
mam's you know what let's do a boy over
it one more time please for the love of
rod turn up Mario Kart to human levels
of listening oh can you guys not hear
Mario Kart one is one comment I read so
I don't know how the chat feels about it
but oh ok now one guy thought oh you
know we do that one guy can't hear it I
can turn it Mario Kart sorry I didn't I
didn't uh yeah you know jack isn't
listening to the stream itself so no I'm
listening to the real things somebody
else says forget that Marco do annoying
oh Jesus Christ of course never you know
what never mind I should have known
better than listening to the chat only
listen to mods we can't hear ya the
audio is usually if the audio is fucked
up you guys tell me like right away so
because we didn't hear anything right
away I do maybe it's bad I don't know
maybe this just you know you're in the
middle of yeah well we match right now
so worried about that I did turn it up
I've turned it up before this match so
hopefully you guys can hear it better
now maybe I don't know what yeah
everything's fine
it's right yeah yeah everything's
I don't know I don't know nothing about
nothing that's not rude how many times
if you come in for a second a third Jack
I'm just curious you know are you doing
good in general are you doing okay
I think I think I've come in first
enough times for me to be satisfied
obviously it's not the way it's not
every time you know I'm not wrecking
here but you're holding your own I feel
like I'm holding my own I might not be
but I feel like I am what were some
friends right now things pretty in front
of you yeah yeah there's someone very
much in front of me and I'm not gonna
reach him in time I had a red shell did
not reach him in time
that's second I feel pretty good about
second I feel pretty good about second
there's some strong competition here
rich strong competition oh my god is
flappy bird art is flappy bird art
that's a good question purchase game
somebody made he took a donor symbol
Donny did he put it back up you put it
back up yeah it was it was down for a
while yeah okay here's the definition of
art the expression or application of
human creative skill and imagination
typically in a visual form such as
painting or sculpture producing work to
be appreciated primarily for the beauty
or emotional power so yes flappy bird is
art is an application of human creative
skill and imagination flappy bird is
100% art it might not be high art you
might not be trying to tell us anything
with flappy bird but all games art okay
yes not only all games
is oh hey we're gonna leave a group off
the road racing art is that an
application of human skill was a shitty
cash grab that went wrong ah still I
want to say it's still a creative work I
don't know if this is actually working I
should pay attention to who joins the
game here if me like leaving the group
and enjoy it starting a new one is
making new people come in every time I
feel like it is and so Andrews here Oh
ever ever happens thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it okay great
here is 12 of us let's play let's play
no no not only games but every single
piece of advertising that you see is art
every movie is art the question is
whether or not something is high art or
low art right is there something that
really makes you think or is there
something that says I'm a wrecking ball
I want to break down your walls just you
know find a game you enjoy and enjoy it
that's all you have to do there's
nothing wrong with just enjoying a game
for enjoying game listen Mario Kart is
not hired okay
there's nothing there's nothing deep in
the message of Mario Kart maybe maybe
the messages have fun with your friends
even though you hit each other sometimes
but now there's no higher than what
we're doing here that doesn't mean it's
not fun ooh
Maya has a really good question am i
buying amiibos
and the answer is goddamn no oh stupid
ass amiibo things suck my balls I'm not
buying a sock wipe to six months from
now and you're surrounded by an Evo's
yes yes yes
I have no plans on buying amiibos is I
guess the correct way to stay bad oh
fuck I I think they're the stupidest
thing in the world so I do not plan on
buying any me bones right now if you
have certain amiibos the the benefit you
gain in Mario Kart is different outfits
that's a real thing range is your me can
wear like a samus metroid armor if
youhave you by me to wear a samus our
boat then then good on you you you have
the ability to do this to me that's not
worth it it's the same thing with Team
Fortress 2 and their goddamn hats like
I'm okay with hats like I get it it's a
cosmetic are they going to have their
own like Skylander like game too or no I
can only imagine that's part that's part
of the endgame because it's such a big
moneymaker or for other companies that
do it but there's nothing announced
right now right now you get outfits in
Mario Kart and special attacks and Smash
Brothers when that comes out oh I don't
know I think it's it's dumb I really do
but like you said clockwise mantra now
when I have all 25 or however many there
are and found a really good deal on us
[Laughter]
right I'm scouring eBay but I don't know
it's only only $500 for I could read
Kirby whatever this one puts a green
sticker on your bees hat very rare very
rare this one actually is a japan-only
import and it makes smoke come out of
your me it's really exciting you know
it's it's a thing where some people will
pay for the cosmetic differences and
some people will enjoy that and if if
you enjoy that good for you like that's
your thing man go ahead you know I don't
begrudge anyone else how they spend
their money but it's just not something
I plan on spending my money on I miss oh
no I'm just buying the chat someone was
saying they miss playing tf2 I do too I
have not played Team Fortress 2 in a
while mostly because I want them to be
done with the scream fortress thing
which I wanted no part of if I wanted to
play Mario well you know some servers
stick around and I just wanted to all be
done
it's I actually think it just got over
with recently oh I think I'm gonna be
playing tf2 also Binding of Isaac
rebirth came out and I'm not joking in
100% of my free time and my not free
time when I should be doing other stuff
is being dedicated to Binding of Isaac
rebirth I'm really enjoying that game
playing it mostly on my Vita not I don't
have a lot of steam hours logged in in
fact the only steam hours I have logged
in were when i streamed it last week so
but getting a ton of hours on my Vita
and I've really been enjoying it
chad is telling me I have to play kotor
again yeah because I hate it did you did
you get I think Jedi's are born and did
you were you here when Rich was talking
about how he does not like I don't like
JRPG turn-based combat that's different
than like an X comm kind of combat which
is actually interesting JRPG you just
hit the button that says attack and the
game plays itself and you just keep back
over and over again until everybody's
dead
or you are and it's horribly boring and
it's horribly repetitive I don't see a
big difference alright between maybe
maybe this is my lion brain a crocodile
brain expedito big difference and shot
percentages and it's it's not the game
rolling dice on its own you're you're
making you're making tactical decisions
and XCOM you're not in a JRPG just
attack attack attack attack yeah I I
think there are tactical decisions in
what attack no because there's like
there's there's bonuses like oh I can
increase strength to teammates or heal
up or yeah there's I think I think
there's stuff you're missing out on no
okay no no no shit oh my god I'm in 12
everything is terrible
oh and this is the third lap I'm sure
people have already have already crossed
the finish line oh I'm gonna get I'm
gonna get last place come here you Jacob
come here Jacob oh I think I might have
yes
I beat out yaeko and got 11 also relies
on the RNG but you're at least making
tactical decisions and I think there's a
different kind of tactics involved in a
JRPG or tory like a sheriff eg in many
many many years but at least the classic
ones in the in these nest and days it
was all just find the most effective
attack and spam it 58 times in a row
yeah and then grind endless grinding
endless motherfucking boring game
finding Oh terrible terrible terrible
you you know what
terrible and you know actually this is
something that got cut out of the zelda
conversation you and I have a different
definition of grinding in in these types
of games and there is grinded JRPGs but
grinding is not just leveling up you
know as far as I'm concerned grinding is
when you are doing something repetitive
over and over that's not the main game
only to raise your level right and I
think there are a lot of RPGs that
handle level correctly where you're
leveling up as the game progresses
naturally but like a lot of Final
Fantasy games you do there there is a
lot of grinding because you know the
boss is so powerful or whatnot but I you
when you say grinding a lot of times I
feel like you're just saying about
leveling up it's the repetitive action
just just to level up and it's really
tedious it's really boring and it
usually takes forever I hate it yeah as
as you should by the way as you should
that's what you do in your classic JRPG
though that's the game well but not all
the time not all the time no because
there is leveling up as the game
progresses you know as the game
progresses you fight harder enemies that
give you more experience and and so
there is leveling up that happened
that's not saying anything about the
whiney preteen heroes Oh God oh I don't
like I don't like the stories I don't
like that so I don't like the grinding I
don't like the random encounters you
know I love like Tom's going around
talking to people I've always loved that
aspect but everything else that goes
with it all right that's fair
listen that's fair
isn't there grinding involved in XCOM
XCOM has absolutely zero grinding well
the fact that your characters love it
but you mean you can't grind
you can't fight repetitive battles just
to the level up your characters I mean
you get missions or the don't right
right it's it's not XCOM does not have
random encounters where you could get
emit you know you go out and and does
not have that right right that's what
he's talking about with grinding is when
you're like like let's say you're you're
powerful in an RPG and you decide to go
to a low-level area just to raise up
your numbers a little bit
that's what grinding is and you cannot
do that and XCOM I'm with your inch I am
with you rich only likes cutscenes
that's absolutely correct which is not
in fact like games at all I've heard
that about rich somewhere I've heard
someone say that about rich uh-huh I
mean it was me just now I said yep well
and we're bad at them because we don't
play them how developer antenna does and
it's hope for aliens to be boring
because it's if that's what they
intended that's the design they designed
it to be that way I don't doesn't we're
not talk about anything work we're not
we're not doing it anymore we're not
talking about anything the rule just
this this is just what I've been reading
lately yeah listen they keep up they
keep they keep mentioning how bad we are
at that game hopefully now they'll
mention how bad we are at Zelda to say
door has no grinding on great characters
that's fine but you do realize I hate
jet ice as characters I hate Jedi's
I'm not overly fond of the Star Wars
universe there's a lot of crap there in
the expanded universe I don't think
there's much a mentor for me I hear to
have really great cutscenes cuz I know
you love cutscenes
[Laughter]
okay dammit god dammit nine oh my god
you guys are killing me just killing me
here someone is saying don't you get it
rich your audience wants you to damn
scrolling screams you know what Phillip
Oh Bruno says don't you get it rich your
audience wants you to like what they
like so you have to yeah oh yeah I guess
that's true yeah you guys like it it's
really it's okay that we have different
opinions on yes I know I have to please
you know nuts for the 10,000th time and
that's not one I'm avoiding and just I
played the hell out of X comma now I
really need to be in the mood for that
kind of game again before I do it it's
definitely on my list I don't think
people understand how many games I have
now uh no thank you for that but a lot
of games well not only games that you
know like you just need to get to on a
personal level but you know we have we
have a list of games that we need to get
to for work and it's just like you'd be
surprised how much time playing games
cuts into your fine game yeah it's
really true tenth you know bad about
that that's okay I'm tiring a little bit
am I excited for Arkham Knight yes and
no um I've loved the other Arkham games
but the only gameplay I've seen of
Arkham Knight is the Batmobile shit and
I fucking hated it because I hate the
bat tank so I am
I'm a little bit worried about Arkham
Knight but I am still I would still say
I'm looking forward to it yes I concur
you know what
