Episode 125
Mario Kart 8 (Multiplayer with The Stream (Part 4))
November 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUiHuQ0b4PQ
___________________________________________

here we go gonna keep going you playing
keep on keeping on
that's what we're gonna do maybe I'll
change my character you know when I'm
gonna be pea I'm gonna be preaching
again
oh wow that each in a goddamn cat suit
you know I changed my car to new cars
here we go well we got the habit and I'm
gonna be this and we'll be this sports
coupe yeah yeah sports coupe great Jim
Mariinsky says which or jack do you
think the next-gen consoles are worth
buying not yet not so far no spend money
on PCs for PC uh yeah I've not been
wowed by any game this gen so I'm sure
there'll be a good one at some point I
hope that's yeah and I mean if you're
gonna spend this is I want to say we've
talked about this in in stream before
but if you're gonna spend money on a
console like you you need to have a
console in your life for some reason
spend it on a Wii U because all the
other games for all the other consoles
will eventually but again how much does
a gaming PC see yeah it's it's more it's
it's definitely more but if if you're
already saving money like let's assume
you're you're putting money aside or
remember a ps4 right yes ps4 has a lot
of good titles and is a fine gaming
machine as is the Xbox one as is that we
you you'll just have to put aside money
for a little bit longer and you can have
a PC gaming rig that can play everything
I could play goddamn everything and also
just be a computer for stuff that you
with PC yes Oh 100% 100% probably can't
afford gaming PC and you want to know if
you should get a console I don't know I
don't know there's a game that's really
worth it yeah not for me personally I'm
sure I'm not paying too much I'm sure
the chat has just listed off a whole ton
of games that they like is out know that
I need and you know Mays won't wait
prices will come down and by the time
you do find a good game it'll you don't
be even more affordable because the
prices have gone down on the Xbox Expos
for whatever no and and my
recommendation is 100% gaming PC don't
even don't it's unless you're gonna buy
Wii U and with a Wii U you know what
games are getting yeah oh sorry just
just finish the thought where it's just
like if you are not into the Mario games
if you are not into the games that
Nintendo makes yeah obviously don't buy
Wii U if that's your kind of thing then
that's what you get but in in my mind
there there is very little reason to buy
a ps4 or an Xbox over a gaming PC that
is it and I know I know people think we
we hate Triple A games as a rule but the
honest the honest truth is just there
have not been ones I've been wanting to
play lately
nothing nothing misgendered and you know
in my my games library from consoles
past and older PC games I've I've done a
lot of games that would be considered
triple-a but the last two or three years
they've not made anything that just made
my mouth water and oh I got a plate
yeah game gaming PC plus or minus two
miles and oh no I think you have to come
on no no no one has to I've seen decent
rigs for around $1,000 I've seen deed
and you know what there are even decent
rigs depending on what games you want to
play for under $1,000 for like eight
five eight hundred dollars or like eight
hundred dollars I think you can get a
decent rig were you're not gonna be
playing you're not going to be playing
on the most extreme graphics but you
will have you'll have a rig that can do
you well for 800 which is relatively not
much more than a console will cost you
right and and to me to me that's
incredibly worth it for the games you
get to play or for Steam and they're
beautiful beautiful steam sales or do G
for Humble Bundle goddammit Humble
Bundle is the greatest thing in the
world you know all these wonderful
things that you can't get through
through consoles and you know I I have
my Vita and I've really been enjoying my
ps+ membership for my Vita which gives
you free games and I know X bone does
the same thing now right where they
don't know free games either on okay
rich was not the source to confirm that
but I'm I believe that exponent is doing
the same thing where they are also now
giving you free games and you know to
get realistic that's another question
that you need to ask yourself is like
what kind of ecosystem are you looking
for if your friends are all on Xbox and
you want to talk to your friends while
you play again an Xbox right if your
friends are all on ps4 and you want to
talk while you all play ps4 good piece
for bud
I could take a look at that PC gaming
it's where it's at
and this is coming from someone who was
a hardcore lifelong console gamer PC
gaming is beautiful Jeff brought up the
fact that I like Grand Theft Auto 5 yeah
yeah one game in the last few years all
right one game I don't think that
changes my argument very much I don't
know rich do you think that that's worth
that's worth a new console one game that
won't come out on PC at some point I'm
sure I'm sure well Jesus Christ
someone is way in the lead here how do
you even get this far in front of people
boomerang at you you saw what that blue
rockstar games are given as being great
you didn't realize we did streamed body
harvested some well I think they're
saying now like now they're giving us
great you know they had a rough patch
everybody has a rough patch rich there
is a TMNT slash Ghostbusters crossover
comic out from IDW comics that seems
like the most blog woods team-up of all
time I know does that even happen do
they go on the holodeck and they go end
to just exist in the comic book Ninja
Turtles universe I don't awkward team up
once Oh No oh wait hold on you said tee
TMNT I heard I misread that yeah huh no
you said TMNT III heard
oh so I was thinking of a Star Trek The
Next Generation and Ghostbusters team-up
which was even weirder like a science II
connection I'm gonna say TNG and the
Ghostbusters you know because because
some kind of storyline you know both the
turtles and the Ghostbusters live in New
York so they they both live in New York
most Awkward crossover and it happens
because it was such a weird I don't know
a joke uh Archie from Archie comics
actually teamed up with The Punisher
there was a Punisher Archie crossover
yes I have no but it was made it existed
yes
no she meets the Punisher was that like
it was a joke but I know what happened
oh my god I need to read that now that
sounds brilliant that sounds like
exactly the kind of thing I wanna read
that's hilarious somebody's saying
there's an Archie and a predator that's
that's just great
I do own the predator crossover I was
young what I read it's not yeah it's not
as great as I remember it I remember
reading it when I was younger and
thinking that it was the bee's knees and
it's not that great but it's it's fun is
what it is mostly because it's very
Batman is not it's not very Batman
Center
unfortunately and predators kind of an
on character god damn god damn god damn
knock knock in my ass around fire fire
fire fire fire Oh first two laps I'm in
first I am now in 12th I wasn't at first
I was in second the first lap I'm now in
12th and not feeling great about that
rich these are things that are happening
in my life you can make a comeback on a
grand dramatic ultimate comeback of all
time and then you know and then get
knocked back in the play I could yep I
can use superior racing skill to get
back up into position and then the blue
shell hit me and then it's all over
get out of here Oh y'all missed her
glitch you fucking nut ah
oh he he bashed me into a wall mr.
clutch bashed me into a wall and caused
me to stop sir all momentum lost oh it's
okay we were batching back and forth
that's part of the game it's part of the
game yes be okay with stuff like that
okay here we go real reason favorite
open-world games I've always loved the
grand theft auto games I think right
yeah favorite open-world is probably san
andreas yeah yeah they had a lot of good
stuff I remember like months after
owning san andreas I've run across I ran
across like a a little no bird nowhere
town you're a little podunk town I don't
even know it was there that was like
that game was just so packed with stuff
yeah yeah the once once Grand Theft Auto
I think San Andreas is when they really
hit their stride still fun and once they
hit that straight before you know four
was a step backwards for was for was
realism for realism sake fine yeah five
like Roger five is fun I still think I
like the on highly unrealistic driving
of the the PlayStation 2 era games
though highly highly unrealistic but
damn was it the fun I love just taking
one of the motorbikes just driving it
around anywhere yes yeah if you could
get your hands on a motorcycle and
sometimes you'd have to steal a car just
so you can go into the woods so you can
get like the choppers those are the most
fun to find like steal from the Harley
riders the crotch rockets sure oh I sure
I mean the crotch rockets were more
efficient but you know
it's just me sure well let you know it's
what it is is it's a testament to in
andreas is like ability just to fuck
around where I I'd like to hog just for
the looks and like just to ride around
with it you know it had nothing to do
with like being better in the game or or
any of the head bullshit I just wanted
to ride around in the head
okay peach in the catsuit is one of the
most disturbing things in gaming oh he
makes little noises when I do my jumps
yeah it was a great respect for women
well no it's a it's a it's not like a
cat suit like a skin-tight outfit it's
like an I think
did you ever see super Princess Peach oh
yeah okay no I'm super polite that was
da emotional being an emotional woman
yes yes yes by the way miss Anna desert
frying or beep OD yep no or yelling she
could get angry in the end shame madness
she could nag her way out of a situation
highly highly progressive I would I
would I would like to believe that some
people were shamed for making that game
I got you mister glitch oh no Brian I
got you Brian
I beat you just barely at the M
oh man do they not know about 3d worlds
do you mean Super Mario Brothers 3 day
worth yeah yeah Jekyll's whoo
yeah I'm not terribly interested in
playing it it looks it looks very fun it
looks like a good Mario game so I got a
bronze trophy Tex with frying pan and
smash okay yeah well you know that's
less obnoxious because she also attacks
with their own kind of club you know she
just attacks with random items so that's
not necessarily like a I'm a woman so
I'm really using the cooking item that's
that's more just here's a random item to
hit people with that's sound not as bad
as having super emotional problem powers
yes super okay this is gonna be by the
way you guys this is the last race this
is the last set of races go get I'm
feeling again tired but press F to play
to pay respects one of these days people
I would like to have a calm conversation
about button prompts and games doesn't
have to be today they're gonna be a wiry
up Mario you know what I like Wario he
farts we're gonna we're gonna have a
chat one of these days about button
prompts in games
peste press f to pay respects Kim and I
was are you guys all here already four
four four great well or saying F I don't
know why prep they're pressing X the
Call of Duty thing the Call of Duty
thing so they're doing it they're paying
respects
because that's the dumbest thing in the
world but we have to pay respects press
F ticket to skip cutscene absolutely
head press that F all fucking day press
X to not get raped
thanks new Tomb Raider that's right
hey well yeah we'll get there we'll get
oh yeah have you guys been seeing I saw
someone mentioned the new Assassins
Creed rich have you seen like all the
assassins there's some kind of crazy
that's going on but I don't know any of
the details and I would I would
appreciate hearing about it what what is
going on the new Assassin's Creed unity
is glitched out oh fuck
well we got here is a triple-a title and
it is glitchy as all shit and people are
pissed yeah like characters are melting
your maps are floating directly effects
with DLC see compounds for some reason
decide it would be a good idea to take
on all of the worst aspects of PC gaming
with patches whatnot hey dispatch it
later uh you know what listen don't be
hating on patches patches are great for
actual problems but when there's all of
these problems with the thought that oh
we can just patch it later then there's
a problem you're getting fucked again
right that's that's yeah I just yeah did
you see that the supreme fuckery yeah I
got I got a bad place there I'm crawling
my way back now I mean they could be
right it almost seems like there cuz
every single fucking person hit me I
have no idea rich I I would like to
think they're coordinating cuz maybe
that means I'm not as bad as I'm playing
but man yeah sometimes sometimes I don't
know
I'm just shot straight and trying hard
here tryin hard we're doing it we're
doing it hitting all of them didn't get
the power up need the power up need the
power of God like banana
oh fuck banana I would go see a band
called fuck I probably would not if
there was a band coming to town and they
were familiar with them and just knew
that music was good maybe but no no
that's not the game the game is would
you go see a band name on their band
name off I don't I'm not big on live
music anyway I even a band I like I
would not before stay home and listen to
their CD where the music was
professionally produced rather rather
than a shit oh oh my oh and you know I
provide really like live music I got I
got in 12th place it doesn't look like
things are gonna turn around they're not
going well for you I'm what I'm what I'm
looking at no I know I got really fucked
I have listened to melt banana yeah
stick neutral there's a band called melt
banana and I have heard them I think I
chose a really bad character is what I'm
gonna blame Wario it has the as a good
top speed but has really slow
acceleration and if you if you find
yourself in a groove and you're not
getting hit by too many things it's
really great because you can make a
really great time but if every single
fucker is hitting you with everything
then you have really slow acceleration
well you should have known better you
know they're gunning for him I'd be I
wasn't thinking that I was not thinking
I was nothing no you know I really like
live music there was a there's a while
in which I was getting out every every
week one day a week out go out and just
see live music
jets jets saying if I do her you big on
redshire
that's not like thanks before yeah
Rachel x1 star that was talk to you guys
about how much I like Farscape yeah yeah
you talk well first gave a lot I mean
give it a rest with the Farscape in
saying don't talk about the things you
like don't about things you don't like
oh my god is that what you've been doing
have you been doing about things you
don't like Oh rich get it together
telling me the thief one two three are
on sale for GOG I already bought them
off of GOG in addition to owning the
discs because I'm such a big fan so huh
thank you for the heads up but it's too
late fuck bar art bar
I got back up to seventh feeling good
about that good about seventh when
you're feeling good about seven there
might be something wrong
god damn it okay nine ten eleven come on
I'll miss the power
my big problem now is I'm missing all
the power ups and twelve and I'm at 12
okay Wario favorite episodes of Batman
the Animated Series yeah now you're
talking now that's the conversation
right there it might be episodes of the
Superman animated series but the the
Batman Superman team-up it was like a
three or four part it was pretty good
mm-hm
well for a while that it was it was
Superman individual adventures so I'm
not when they when they when they
collect them on DVD I'm not sure if the
the Batman Superman episodes go on the
Batman DVD you know sure
I'll put my money out there for Clayface
the Clayface two-parter just thinking of
an episode off the top my head that
scared the shit out of me ah just
beautiful monster great story you know
about an actor his ego his his vanity
getting a hold of them is a beautiful
story that's a great phrase
mr. Freeze's great yeah to face the two
phase two-parter I remember liking
I think that's fine yeah there are many
great two-faced stories but as a
character I like the concept though the
one where he had amnesia how about he
was forced into the homeless person
slave camp yep that was a good that was
a good one all the sudden like you know
he like defended himself against the
garden he's like how do I know karate
the one with the villains or the
supervillain bar and they're talking
about the stories almost getting Batman
sure sure yeah yeah that's a good that's
a good one how about oh how about the
the Invisible Man that's a good one
that's a good one
where's just uh it was just about a guy
who like wanted to see his kid and so he
like did it stolen an experimental
animated series that did not have super
villains was like just one where like a
mobsters preacher brother was having
Batman help him try and turn the
mobsters life around I mean you know
yeah yeah yeah yeah there's a couple of
good like mob centric episodes like
we're like or like the episode where
Batman was trying to save like that
the the hospital or the ghetto and it
was like it was just like a real estate
mobile mogul wanna be one of the
property right no supervillain no no I
don't even think they're any mobsters
like just shady business men you know
yeah yeah I'm an animator a ghost good
shit the Gray Ghost yeah
clever way to bring Adam West into the
series yes
yeah that was before any of that kind of
like cameo stuff was big yeah well I
guess superhero things weren't super big
anyway but yeah a nice way to make it
came here it's like we have not
mentioned any Joker episodes so give us
a great character I'm trying to think of
individual great Joker at blows what was
the Joker episode where he just randomly
like got into some guy's car and said I
wasn't he owed him a favor it was
necessarily one year but yeah he like
cut the Joker off yeah girly grandma
that was it
yeah anyway it was just like one day I
will ask you to do something do it yeah
yeah yeah yeah
and that one thing was like a really
small detail in the Joker's crime but
yeah yeah it was something very small
and very tiny but like this the episode
focused on that random dude in the
Batman universe and they could get away
with stuff like that because they were
incredibly clever about it they took a
risk I was a great one or like Oh what
was the episode with like the guy who
beat Batman it's like a low level nobody
when I know the episode you talking
about yeah that low level nobody who
beat Batman in Batman did it on purpose
to like do so
oh every every single sorry what the
robot body was Batman it was leftover
robot from an entirely different episode
yeah yeah yeah but you know what not
every episode I just said that I I was a
little I was a little I was exaggerating
not every episode is the greatest enough
of them were great I was just trying to
think of like like there's one of the
very first Catwoman episodes maybe the
first Catwoman
so it is incredibly subpar I think every
one of her appearances on that Cheryl
hey you know it was what it was is fine
who Arkham Knight is not being written
by Paul Dini oh that's bad that means
the other Arkham games at least the
first two were written by Paul Dini who
was basically the guy in charge of
Batman the Animated Series was probably
part those guys know I'm hearing he's
not involved Arkham Knight and that that
makes me very sad I'm not even more
worried about it that's not good yeah
that could that that also worries me
yeah there's a big change in a sequel
anytime there's a team changing a sequel
there's something wrong
hey come on get there Mario move your
fat ass okay damn it what the hell -
fire oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh how do
you guys coordinating me one right after
the other like that
power up and then when they happen to
say that the person infer them is you
they just think oh I'll use mine no no
you venture no it's great guys oh yeah
that is a really bad choice I thought
you meant just in playing the game it
was a bad choice but now that's not you
cuz you said a Wario not mario yeah get
out of my fuck yeah get out of here yeah
that's right I can use power-ups - okay
all right rich we're going now it's go
time
super concentration mode X oh fuck you
Eric Eric you fuck that's a big fuck you
move when you have a star and you
purposefully bump into other people to
knock them around fuck you Eric
well it really gives you invulnerability
against rough terrain so and it makes
you go faster and it gives you
invulnerability against other items like
it has uses that comes with a red shell
you shouldn't have any qualms with
somebody hitting you when they've got a
star on their head I mean that's part of
what the power does and it does help you
get a further lead of them it's it's
legit I'm Craig now hitting people when
you got the star is shit no no red shell
is all offense okay red shell is a is a
bullet this is this is a this is a knife
this can be used as a tool but someone
used it as a weapon
yeah there's plenty of weapons in this
game just because they use that as a
weapon - I don't know why that would be
any less aggravating than using the
actual weapons oh sure it's because it's
because it happened to me rich
there we go
what do we got oh I get that I get that
nice what's what's our opinion on Batman
Beyond my opinion on Batman Beyond is I
should really give it a chance I've
never really watched it because I didn't
want to watch a Batman series where
Batman isn't Batman someone else's
Batman
I recently rewatched return of the Joker
and I really liked it so I'm thinking
about tracking down some episodes of
Batman Beyond and giving that show a
shot yeah I want to see we talked about
this ice cream before too but you know
if you're new it's a stream yeah Batman
Beyond Batman Beyond it has some really
fun stories and they did some neat stuff
with it it's definitely it's not Batman
it's it's spider-man it's about it's
about a teen who discovers he has powers
and it's way too much like teen boy
problem centric as far as I'm concerned
even when I watch it as a teenage boy I
was sick of it but it's it has some
really neat stories I mean beyond what
is my opinion on the Spanish Inquisition
you never expect the Spanish Inquisition
um nobody expected him that was the
problem
ah I know it was a reverend then you
should you should have said anything I
have I've just seen a reference similar
Jack come on come on I was gonna I was
gonna I was gonna add to the bit and
keep it going for a little bit longer I
have seen one or two episodes of Monty
Python Oh God okay we're wrapping up now
guys so if you have any more burning for
I've already talked about my real and
very harsh dislike of x-men days yes
that's right great I was really wanting
to bring that up because man did I not
like that oh the other thing is is um
something we talked about off stream my
wife and I played a really bitchin card
game over the weekend it's it was partly
designed by the same guy that made
spelunky Derek you and it's called Time
Bandits and it's a two-player like card
game where you battle each arts really
it's really neat called Time Bandits and
rich you and I should play it it's
really great that actually that would be
a really easy we keep talking about
doing line board game screams that would
be a really easy game to do a board game
stream for so maybe we can try it with
that it's cuz it's a very fun game I
like board games a lot you know what
else we played um for Christmas a couple
years ago we got my dad a copy of Star
Trek Catan okay which is it's basically
Settlers of Catan a few special rules
for the Star Trek version but with with
spaceships and space bases and instead
of little areas that you get resources
from it's different planets that you get
resources from and it was awesome you
know why cuz you roll the dice and you
say oh I get to try lithium's no
tritanium x'
and dilations yeah yeah it was it was it
was really if if you're into Settlers of
Catan and Star Trek it's a really fun
game to play very intense even we know
and it was still hard for us to start
playing just cuz the rules are slightly
different no cards against humanity' is
not a game
Oh cards against humanity' this is was
something I this was something I wanted
to bring up when we were talking about
the AVGN man the AVGN man um
saying off-color things is not in itself
a joke this is my broad statement for
for the world to hear
I'm not reference to this card thing but
okay well we'll get there we'll get
there so so in general if I just said
diarrhea filled ball sack that is not a
joke that is possibly a shocking
statement that can uh you listed a
response but that is not in itself a
joke right this is part of my problem
with the AVGN guy is he just says
off-color things and and they're not
really jokes they're just off-color
things so cards against humanity' have
you ever played out those two halves I'm
not that fun of it either
cards against humanity' is apples to
apples but instead of the things saying
normal things they say stuff like nun
rape and like Republicans you know like
they say funny things so you it's it's
basically it's basically a funny thing
generator it's it's an off-color it's an
off-color generator game and I hate it
cuz I don't think it's a game I think
it's it's just an excuse to say dumb
things right well most people wouldn't
do concerns that saying diarrhea right
that kind of thing right right well and
and then it's like you have one card
that says diarrhea and you have another
that says babies right and so then like
diarrhea babies haha right so I was
thinking about someone mentioned cards
against humanity' again to me today and
that got me thinking about why I dislike
the AVGN guy is because I don't think he
makes jokes I think he just makes sure
the color references I mean I I don't
particularly have strong reasons about
the AVGN he does literally the most I
know about him is that nine minutes of
game I played I think I started watching
one I well no I saw his movie - I said I
saw his movie and I played nine minutes
of his games and I do Thomas careful
videos and my opinion is it gets old
quick it's a few and I get it and then I
don't really watch them yeah I don't
know hold on people and shadows ain't it
hey Jack I have a question what do you
think of interview with a vampire
the the book or the film make a
difference okay what do you think I
found it with the ramp I don't write
saghafi kind of vampires
I don't like pretentious fan oh yeah I
think it was a while where I like a big
fan of Fright Night Fright Night is just
an awesome movie okay the original and
that I saw near dark and near dark in
her dark it's fucking great right so I
thought I would hear hampire because of
those two movies and then I read
interview with a vampire at some point
and I thought oh this shit I guess I
don't
all right I mean oh no yeah I didn't
know if you had more to actually have
read the book I just didn't like it yeah
and and that's kind of how I feel like I
I remember when the movie came out it
was a very big deal
I didn't I just it was fine I have no
strong feelings on it either way is my
real thing
it was fine I thought the way in which
they showed the vampires powers in the
movie it was adorable because they
didn't have good well I don't know if
I've seen the movie but in the book it's
just such a boring asshole yeah kind of
just just just have sex with those get
it over with I don't want to read this
shit right what hey rich
Jack and rich I have an editor at
Nickelodeon animation and just wanted to
say thanks for the hours of
entertainment do you guys have any
favorite Nickelodeon shows first of all
good on you neko miko cola i think rich
and I have both talks about our love of
the new to a bit but Teddy Phantom
superheroes Danny Phantom is a fine show
I've never seen the innovative kids show
about a superhero with ghost powers but
my my feel slow your I'm sorry your what
okay well the first season was great the
second one's second season turn into
monster of the week that's you know what
it did but it's still good still good
it's still good but the first seasons
grand slam home run all right yeah yeah
I can definitely agree with that well
they have they're saying lull Danny
Phantom I am I'm sure it's fine I don't
know what else is on Nickelodeon I mean
rich and I are both adults so we don't
get to watch Nickelodeon that often also
I do not have cable this is just my
thing that I don't have anymore so I
like was a teenage robot those Kier show
Oh have we talked about Samurai Jack
before no I haven't seen much Samurai
Jack I like yeah oh my god you should
have watched Samurai Jack
that's Samurai Jack great anyone anyone
who just wants to watch some good shit
and I think it's all on Netflix uptime
and I'm making my thing it's all on
Netflix and it's beautiful really
shockingly surprisingly slow okay
Samurai Jack
like agonizingly slow and its beauty
it's like beautiful slow you know weird
like he takes time to prepare for stuff
yes long they have long conversations
it's it's actually liked it he was
fighting like an army of bug monsters
and he was horribly outnumbered but he
slowly turns the tide eventually what
was a huge army starts running from him
and he's great escape and he takes them
all out now
that's that's really all I've seen of
Samurai Jack but it was entertaining
what I did see yeah cuz watch Samurai
Jack everybody also adventure time is
Cartoon Network
Lindsay yo yo Adventure Time is
adventure time is Fez this beautiful and
fantastic I shut up I forget what they
call up right now all bravest warriors
great bravest warrior
yeah bravest warriors good did you did
you see the new episodes of bein
puppycat
they're fun you see look up bee and
puppycat and it's adorable it's great
being public it on Netflix am red jacket
Netflix is only season to know it used
to be more that's that's a shame as a
shame get a hold of Samurai Jack is the
moral of the story Samurai Jack was part
of like a golden age of of Cartoon
Network shows whereas like that the
Powerpuff Girls Dexter's Laboratory all
that beautiful stop mentioning gravity
falls I haven't seen it I am I didn't
really know what I do you know what I
think it's like a a x-file ash kind of
conspiracy theory ish thing but yeah I
think so I don't know either
you know what rich I don't know either
I've only seen have you watched any
worship Morty I see all these chicken
I'm kidding Rick and Morty I've only
seen the first episode and I mean I
thought it was funny it's like a
chemical take on not not Back to the
Future the movie but at least the
characters in it Marty McFly and Doc
Brown it's like if if Doc Brown were
horribly irresponsible and an alcoholic
it you get okay is horribly awful
situations with his science Morty is
constantly being starved their
adventures and it's it's kind of great
that you know what that is great I
should watch Rick and Morty I've heard
nothing but good things about recommend
Morty Morty McFly is that a real thing I
can't remember wasn't the show but I'm
sure it's not BIC fly because they're
writing I
reboot we've already talked about reboot
I talked about it on the episode and the
run the best of the worst episode reboot
is a show that I watched but I never
finished we said we've talked about
reboot before I'm not gonna we're gonna
we're almost done what happened to
mainframe the guy's a paid reboot I
don't know they still do anything I
don't know are they gone now
I'm sure didn't Oxford J say there was
Canadian yeah they're in Canada they're
fine they don't make sure they go it
doesn't matter they they live in Canada
Canada rich you know what that means
they don't have to do any respect that's
how it works when you're in Canada I'm
getting a little tired you can stop the
stream the stream ending I do wait no I
want to wait I want to I want to wait
for midnight
that feels like a good place handed you
want to wait till midnight it's yeah
wait till midnight because that's a nice
place 12:32 what it's 12:30 what jesus
fucking christ
thanks for coming out
