Episode 126
Spelunky - Hack & a Half (Part 1)
November 30, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVbDc2K3oEo
___________________________________________

started streaming we have officially if
it works
things are happening if it works we will
have officially started on time I don't
know if it's worked yet I've hit the
start stream button it's it's loading
it's loading it's loading you know that
means we started right on time I'm sure
everyone's mad then we're late what are
you talking about we started right at
8:30 directly at 8:30 is it loading for
you do you see it oh yeah I see the
crocodile being drawn great great it's
not I need to refresh my page right it's
working what is on the docket today Jack
there there's a lot of things on the
docket today first of all hello
everybody and thank you for coming out
hello thank you for coming yet to our
Sunday spectacular pack and a half game
in stream I hear you all have been
talking with rich about exactly what
kind of computer he needs to buy and SSD
debate continues on Jesus actually now
let's turn into a power supply unit
debate a power and I didn't know there
were different power supply units to be
had different different wattages oh
they're saying I should get you know a
higher one just so I'm future-proof for
upgrades but we'll see what the budget
is I don't I don't know if I can fit it
in there with everything else where
we're running a tight ship on this PC we
are running a tight ship and we are
ordering things tomorrow all pieces arts
will be ordered tomorrow which is very
exciting for rich Evans it might be
later wrong I'm gonna cuz I'm gonna have
to refined all those parts again tonight
do that so we'll see might be it might
be tomorrow evening if that's okay I
mean that's fine I don't care
okay I don't care you just send me what
you whenever you're ready rich yes you
send me all the PC parts oh I'm excited
so seeing Nordahl knob says he built a
really good PC for 805
three dollars yeah well this earning our
budgets a little bit higher than that
but that's around the time our yeah
that's a that's around what we're
looking at
I take donations there was a joke on
Twitter today about taking donations so
I could keep doing my Michael Caine
impression and what I said was it'll be
a dollar yeah you get to donate a dollar
and I'll do Michael Caine impression and
then you have to donate fifteen dollars
for me to stop yeah I know I know hold
on I'm doing the official live tweets of
the stream which I know is everybody's
favorite part byung-ki that how you
spells and we're playing spelunky by the
way they were they were all hoping for
brawl I know and I was thinking about it
because I do have brawl and I've not
it's not brawl it's just super smash
brothers you wear Smash Brothers either
actually I have it I've been playing it
all weekend of course I love it everyone
knows I love it and I'll be talking
about it today but you know we just did
the Mario Kart age stream last week and
I don't want it I didn't want it to be
too like the fuck then - oh my god what
the fuck indeed devil weasels thank you
for subscribing um oh I forgot I forgot
that I was live tweeting rich you have
to fill time you always always have to
fill them yeah yeah so uh I started
watching Gotham it's fine
Gotham is fine I know people have said
it's the worst thing to happen to Batman
and it's awful I'm curious why you feel
that way what what is this show that you
think it shouldn't be that's an
interesting way to put that question reg
they named drop a lot of future Batman
villains but I mean without that and if
you
like ordinary cases it's just CSI with
James Gordon that's all you have you
take out young Bruce Wayne and you take
out you know the penguin and whoever
else is gonna be a villain
you just have CSI with James Gordon at
that point it may as well not be James
Gordon and just watch this night octo J
saying penguin is really good in it
Thanks finding it know is he like the
main bad guy like who's the main he's a
prominent bad gathers these mobs
shenanigans in general I assume that
they're not actual shenanigans like not
like I would call them shenanigans okay
vying for power
backstabbing so-and-so plotting against
so-and-so that's not shenanigans though
that's like crime like shenanigans like
we're stealing candy from the grocery
store or you know that's that's just
crime like the backstabbing and the
plots
yeah that's crime shenanigans okay
that's fine and you know what that's
fine yes yes Catwoman is fucking
everywhere so what I'm Catwoman is a
great character mmm you know you know
what else I kind of love about the show
what young young Bruce Wayne okay Bruce
Wayne at like 12 years old but I don't I
don't think any media has ever dealt
with Batman at that age it's always
always you go to origin and then you
either go to like twenty-year-old Batman
training to be a ninja or early Batman
but you never see the early bits how
Bruce Wayne gets there and what he was
like immediately after the tragedy sure
and that has all been intensely
interesting to me that's great a quick
shout-out to mr. snuggles 54 thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it now saying
that that James Gordon is girlfriend is
annoying oh okay so one one bad thing
here's the thing with Gordon's fiancee
in the show their marriage is doomed to
failure and
point they're going to get divorced so
she may as well be slightly obnoxious is
she I'm sorry not are they not married
and I don't think in the show they are
engaged sure but is she not missus
they're divorced oh okay in the comic
they're divorced okay yes okay well yeah
that's how little I know about like
Batman lore if I'm going glitchy that's
not Jack's fault that is skypes fault
that is my Internet's fault what are
they saying
I saying I'm cutting out and doing weird
things sometimes you sound a little bit
glitchy want the fuck indeed Oh God
thank you for subscribing and you know
what I was gonna say I agree appreciate
it you said Oh grata I was gonna say ah
Groot no you're probably right
and with au gratin anyway well you know
something I was going to say is I
believe after after we get done oh my
god I think the call with rich Evans has
just failed rich rich what was that okay
so you know and like did you hit like
the callback button or no no I didn't
hit the callback button either that's
that weird so do you know what's gonna
happen after we build you a new PC
what's gonna happen is uh-oh
rich is in a cave again oh and now is
the time when we reconnect all right
hold on turn down for rich beep boop
doop boop boop hey guys I restarted the
stream is rich audible again yes can I
be heard no are things okay
we're gonna get there we're gonna get
there and then as soon as we have
confirmation that you can hear rich so
rich and say a little something advanced
you know I'm not gonna tap-dance I know
we've done the gag twice and that's
that's really enough I think oh yes he
is what riches mike has been nerfed yep
extremes over everybody go home Oh rich
is good now great okay so the the very
next thing we are going to do is get
better internet for rich I don't that
could be helped I have any options well
you know we'll look into it we are gonna
officially look into internet for rich
and bolstering my internet because most
internet packages only cater to download
speed you know like you know how much
information can get to you but of course
we are interested in uploads see my my
internet comes with the apartment I'm
actually not paying for the internet
that is just part of my rent oh really
so I don't I don't know that I'm even
able to switch plans we are gonna look
into that rich oh you're gonna
officially live into that and now you
know I don't I don't like the idea of
switching even if I could I don't like
the idea of switching away from fries
well it will still be free to you okay
okay you're hearing velcro right now
because I realize I haven't plugged in
my laptop I read all the technical Alize
plug-in in my laptop do do do do do it
will still be free to you it will be
part of the which money that we get will
get because obviously like if you're if
right now if your internet is having a
hard time skyping me how do you think
it's gonna be streaming
right oh my god what what is going on
Jack
think about that for a second I lost my
headphones oh how can you have one more
thing hey I need my controller cuz I'm
gonna play I'm gonna start playing the
game while we talk about this is a
general this is like a general problem
of mine whenever we stream is like I
just get so used to talking do you
I forget that we're supposed to be
playing video games and that's fine as
far as the chats concerned but I'm not
complaining I like Gotham I think that's
good yeah oh you're right if you had a
if you had a solid-state drive it would
fix that issue you guys yeah you guys
okay hold on first sudden it's a very
first thing I need to do is pour myself
a snack for anyone wondering I'm going
to be drinking a left-handed Brewing
Company Milk Stout nitro that's this is
one of the most beautiful stout like
it's almost like a porter it's just a
beautiful beer very smooth very like
chocolaty ah left-handed Brewing Company
Milk Stout nitro ok great
I am together we are gonna start with
still in key
yeah Leung key and that off and then
well he's blinking great I like you know
what I like
stouts in the winter like stouts in the
winter nice thick beer
Jen for anyone for anyone wondering John
kilo is drinking a generic brand seltzer
water no that's
thank you John kilo first first game I'm
gonna stream jak button checkers I mean
it kind of free stream of a checkers it
absolutely needs to be it absolutely
needs to be okay so for anyone wondering
about me and spelunky Oh first can we
get a little like just make sure like
you can hear the game audio you can hear
me everything you can hear everything
we're gonna see you and I want to see if
we're getting do to do Decker's checkers
hype yes send you okay yeah big in here
great dick the birthday something we
should something we should get out of
okay well no dick the birthday boy
before I talk about that what I want to
say is I have I've played this game
extensively on my Vita this was one of
the very first games that I got for my
Vita and I loved it
I hunted percentage on my feet I've I
have not even touched it on the PC
except for right now so that's why I
like nothing's unlocked you know I I
will probably stumble a lot because it's
been a while since I played it but I did
unlock everything Movida so so that's
that and then on to the real discussion
for today which is whose kids were those
in the 101 wacky kids video very
important question right don't you think
no no really
no no by the way it's not a really
important question
those are my children yeah I can just
when actors doesn't matter it doesn't
matter
it doesn't matter but yes those are my
kids
and you are the birthday boy how do you
think that video turned out I thought it
was really funny Jay did send it to me
you know for approval before posting it
and I thought it was really funny how
uncomfortable it was really yeah does
does Jackson hate me now
no no cuz he gave me cookies so he's hot
I couldn't I couldn't blame him you know
[Laughter]
so it dick the birthday boy is asking
specifically no no Packer no Parker dick
the birthday boy Parker Packard all
right great I picked up the journal
and that's a good thing that I guess
it's been a what like I said it's been
so long since I played it this is like
all tutorial oh god I have to go through
all this again I forget how to do most
of this game but that's okay
watching rich remember not to swear was
worth the watch remember when that
happened there was a point in which you
see you were you were gonna say like god
damn it and you go god darn it right
true tray revolve 2/6 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it I
remember that first episode of prereq we
filmed yeah and it was like right right
one your wife was walking in the door
with the kids I was saying fuck that was
horribly embarrassing right yeah they
didn't hear it it's fine everything's
fine
Parker Packard yes
because I'm a fan of comic books
therefore I am a fan of alliteration in
names I don't know why it was such a big
deal to everyone but time that is fine
you know I didn't get the Jackson until
Karen pointed it out today that he's Jax
the son well no jack I mean Jackson
isn't you know that's a name that's not
necessarily why we named him that but
that's fine that's fine these tutorial
levels right button also the the other
big news lately oh my god wait beer yeah
way bigger news than anything else has
it have you revealed this news yet no
okay go ahead
thinking about the same thing apparently
I am immune to biscuit for the most part
that's right I have been over to the
Packard household and at some point I
had mild throat irritation which may or
may not have been related to death but
but I was fine with no medication of any
kind yes rich
oh and I die rich came over over the
weekend we played some games there is
indeed a magical cat I have a magical
cat
it's magical cat it's the only
explanation I can think of it is the
first cat that rich has not been
allergic to and that's great so by the
way this kit is now approved by rich
Evans oh he loves cats now this is a
real thing this is a real thing since
bird says oh my fucking god rich Evans
has overcome biology yeah yeah biscuit
has overcome biology this kid is a
Siberian cat
and you know I did not touch the cat I
was not attempting to tempt fate that's
smart
yeah now you don't want to met you don't
want to mess with things too much but
you were over and you were over for a
good long while
yeah hours and nothing nothing so I feel
great about that so all the shit you
gave me about getting a cat even though
you're allergic you can suck it I guess
is what I'm saying all right why isn't
why am I so mean Adam yes I don't know
I keep expecting this we like spelunker
where you can't fall more than your
character tank oh I and there is you you
there is fall damage in this okay I just
haven't done it yet so you know and it's
belong car you like die instantly
mmm-hmm oh if you fall at all that's a
if you fall like further than you are
tall it doesn't it doesn't feel like a
very long drop but you will die
you tell oh you tell me that for a rock
okay I'm just going through the tutorial
levels and of course like I've already
I've already done all this so it's this
is good because I have not played
spelunky in quite some time so it's all
good for me to do warm me up
build me up buttercup
Oh oh no I forgot about that this didn't
seem that hard so far no no this is the
treatise doing tutorial stuff but this
is just the tutorial we'll get to that
we'll get to the hard stuff the fun
stuff
rich why haven't you had allergy shots
because I live in the United States
that's my answer Canadians might not
have to worry about that I have to worry
about that
your kids watch subs or dubs neither
right because we you have to pay for
medical stuff here this is the thing
[Music]
that's a that's an important question
Clem Fandango is do my kids know how to
hunker down yes rich and I have taught
them how to hunker down we're working on
getting on the roof or superior tactics
right now but yeah
Jackson was hunkering down what I was
trying to tell him jokes right he was
very much hunkered down his hands over
his eyes because you know we can't see
him that way yeah
Oh Mike microfibre militia is saying he
had the brac album from Cartoon Network
on brac show when he was a kid and he
loves it that's right it's great okay
oh we're starting the game now we are
officially starting the game now
tutorial stuff is over the toriel stuff
is over we are now in the game we're
gonna see how much of this comes back to
me well your character looks entirely
different
oh yeah cuz now I'm now I'm this funky
guy who are you before I was the
tutorial guy this is different character
yes
that's a weird uh yeah it's explained in
some backstory that I skipped where like
the tutorial guy was the guy that like
firsts explored these caves and whatnot
okay
and you know now I'm exploring the caves
so it doesn't matter why are you
dragging around that woman with stars
over your head so you rescue damsels and
you're free damsel you rescue you get
another health point if you look up in
the top of left corner you'll see a
little heart yeah and that's that's my
health and you know so that's how many
hits I get basically okay and obviously
if I get to zero I die and the run is
over
so we don't want to do that and for
every damsel you rescue you you get
another helpline a store right so I
remember even what is great
there's no all right well how are the
roguelike elements in this what what are
you upgrade no it's very the Roblin
camel elements are like if you look
above me in the store here there's all
these different items yes so all the so
the level is randomly generated and the
items in the store are randomly
generated oh my god I can't believe I
did that you're gonna see what just
happened in a second it was pretty
amazing all the items in the store are
randomly generated and so that's the
roguelike and of course you only get
doing a one life to get all the way to
the end
what are the one of the items do
different things
well that's right you can jump on things
oh my god I remember it's it's all
coming back to me now right it's all
coming back to me okay okay all right
been a while um items do different
things there's some really powerful
items that cost a lot of money on
cartoon uh I'm sorry I'm trying to catch
up on the chat in between levels are you
guys talking about like in the 1800s
so the 80s are overrated and they're
they're definitely not know if you
thought that's impossible for the 80s to
be overrated why is it impossible yeah
cuz there's never gonna be at least at
least as far as movies are concerned
there's never gonna be a better decade
than the eighties you think yeah it's
never gonna be topped that's bold a bold
statement rich eighties 80s were the
best movie decade I'm putting my foot
down
Wow all right you're back to the futures
gremlins everything good came out of the
eighties terminators one Lynx first one
did not look first one more anyway
because I'm weird like that you like the
first Terminator over what over the
second one I think there's an argument
for that I think there's definitely an
argument for that predator their to
differ you know what the first
Terminator in the second Terminator are
two different movies mmm the first
Terminator you know I think a lot like
we talked about like alien and aliens
being two different movies yeah
Terminator and Terminator 2 are the same
okay so or anyone paying attention right
now and is wondering what the heck I'm
playing
I guess I should get into a little bit
of gushing with that just because I'm
just going so one important thing to
note is this gray Alima Bob right here
right underneath me
that is a arrow trap and if I step in
front of that it shoots an arrow at me
and I lose a life some people are good
enough to deflect it with their whip I'm
a see I'm not but that's okay because I
got that extra kiss and so I should be
good you can jump on enemies heads which
I just did and if you jump on an enemy
head it negates your fall which is very
important
oh my god well good thing what good
thing rich good thing is happening a
good thing is happening I don't know
what I should be explaining here what I
shouldn't be as much as you want as much
as I want or feel like I need to right
yes this game is entirely Greek to me
right so I just unlocked a character
these characters come in a little
coffins and I just unlocked another
character skin which doesn't do much but
adds another character's getting to play
as there's bragging rights yeah
it's not here so chad is now saying what
was the best decade for cartoons or at
least somebody in the chat did and I
think I think just by virtue of Batman
the Animated Series alone you have to
say the 90s I would base on based on
that one thing I would absolutely agree
with that but I mean like not just not
just Batman like the the spy the 90
spider-man cartoon was bad oh you shut
the hell up that was a great spider-man
just terrible the x-men the 90s x-men
was there the tick eek yeah cat yeah
there were some beautiful stuff
happening in the night Animaniacs
Animaniacs what Simpsons were
technically 80s right mother heyday was
in the 90s some started in 89 so mmm I
guess the eighties get that one so what
is your problem with the 90s spider-man
that's just cheesy stupid I mean no no
it was oh here it is here it is guys
this is happening oh no it's not
happening it will be happening this
right here this jetpack item is the item
you need it's a jetpack so one of the
hardest things about this game is kind
of traversing you know like jumping all
the obstacles I'm about to buy a jetpack
item which gives me a jetpack which is
great Oh
that means I can move around a lot
easier I can go back for treasures that
I previously didn't get I can get around
enemies that I normally couldn't and I
just died great ah cuz I wasn't thinking
but now you see my character slowly get
impaled on spikes so Jenga
assuming I'm assuming you were a fairly
big fan that of ninety spider-man I am a
big fan of ninety spider-man yeah
somebody in the chat has said something
that is going probably to ask you a
question about that show okay
they mentioned spider-man comforting age
a dying child did that happen in the
nineties Carter comforting a dying child
yeah or are they just cuz if that
happened in the nineties show that's
pretty neat but that was originally a
comic book story in the 80s spider-man
Peter Partlow spider-man goes to a
hospital room it was a kid and he
basically this story was an excuse to
retell spider-man's war it was like a
recap but he goes to the sick kid in the
hospital and he basically tells him
everything
mmm about how his powers work about his
origin that eventually at the end he
even reveals that he's Peter Parker and
the twist is that the kid is dying he's
got he's got leukemia he's Peter Parker
he's visited the kid in a terminal
cancer ward and before he dies because
the kid was a spider-man fan he just
visited him and told him everything and
it's kind of a nice little sentimental
story and I will give the 90 show credit
if they adapted that faithfully oh um I
don't remember that storyline
specifically is my answer but I mean it
wouldn't surprise me they did you know
they got they got weird 90's cartoons
especially he's like superhero cartoons
got a little weird with it sometimes so
it would not surprise me okay I can I
can neither confirm nor deny the
allegations of spider-man assisting a
sick kid
okay okay I know verdict on that
rich where do you see yourself in 150
years dead ain't that the truth
not for any malicious reason just
because you know I'll be dead dad
I think this almost did bed 150 s
science doesn't move forward that
quickly like we're probably gonna live
longer than you know our our parents
slash grandparents but not that's a to
emerge Evans so I probably won't but
[Laughter]
either way either way you know what
either way yeah Ren and Stimpy that was
another 90s cartoon and these were a
great time for cartoon
did you lose your backpack did I lose my
one your backpack your jet pack iodine
okay I wasn't paying that much attention
no and you know what like I have not
been doing a good job of explaining so
every time you die it's it's a roguelike
so you start over 100% from scratch the
way this works is it has four levels of
these mines then there are four levels
of jungle then there are four levels of
caves then there are four or then there
are three levels of the like the ancient
temple and then you have to fight the
big bad boss and you have to do this all
in one life none of this stuff is good
enough to buy so like then you get like
these different items pasted this makes
you have sticky bombs instead of just
regular bombs big bomb box gets more
bombs and bombs amount of bombs none of
that stuff is exceptionally worth it
okay I am I'm also like I'm rushing a
little bit because this does have a
slight timed element to it really yeah
like a kind of like FTL where you know
you you have you have the the fleet's
that rebel fleet coming after you right
so you can't you can't just doddle all
the live long day if you spend too long
on a level the ghost comes after you oh
and the ghosts insta kills you fun okay
see what I'm doing here I get a pop I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna drop the pot and
trip the arrow trap the no teller won't
get me and and that's you know that is
super strategy super tactics and MLG
tactics right there
what's the fucking D fridge
shiny metal ass 44 thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
we really do so the ghost insta kills
you but what the ghost also does and if
once I'm once I'm feeling up to it what
the ghost also does is whenever the
ghost passes over a gem like that's why
that's what I'm doing you like I'm
collecting gold and I'm collecting gems
so then I can buy stuff in this door
whenever the ghosts pass over a gem it
turns into a rare white gem which is
worth a lot of money okay and so there
is a strategy there's a ghosting
strategy or getting the ghost to come
out having it cross over some gems
evading it and then and then leaving
which I'm not
I'm not feeling up to just yet because
still still get into the groove of this
but eventually I'll show you that
because it's fun
this key is important I the chest was in
the other level I think but it's all
there's there's so much little like
right now I'm literally just out far
right now I'm just concentrating I'm
kind of getting as far as I can just to
get my eye still wonky legs back that
I'm not doing any any of the little
stuff you know a lot like like FTL a lot
like any of the good roguelikes there
are a bunch of like random things that
equal unlocking stuff in the game this
game after the final boss Olmec the a
giant you know Mayan head he's that he's
technically the final boss okay after
the final boss you can go to hell and
and fight a nut and there's more levels
in another boss more craziness but in
order to do that you need to randomly
get a bunch of stuff and hurt me know
and purposely like do a bunch of things
that a sane person would not do in this
game
yes this Killa you can blow up the big
spiders oh here's a fun thing here's a
fun thing this is a sacrificial altar
the the damsel that you rescue you can
choose to sacrifice the damsel on this
altar and you can get an item that
sounds wrong yeah it's really funny I
don't I don't know if like I don't know
if I would do that in a game engine it
can get you good got to be the hero it
can get you really good stuff rich oh
yeah I gotta be the hero you say that
until there's a possibility of getting a
jetpack on one of them then you say yeah
I got enough hearts I could turned up
good things and games before because I I
didn't want to kill the innocent yeah
cuz we gotta be beginning bad be there
oh no rich I don't know if I can get
behind this sometimes you got to be the
smart guy sometimes you have to
sacrifice in the name of greater
treasure that's a real thing I hate I
hate to bring up Mass Effect again but
this will be brief bring it up there is
a level in Mass Effect 2 where there's
people on fire you can either stop the
fire or or go down a different path and
if you go down the different paths you
get an early machine-gun upgrade okay
that's fuckin awesome
hmm I always skip it as much as the way
I play I usually use the soldier class
okay
the machine gun would be incoming handy
very much come in handy always pass it
up because you want to be the hero oh
yes and that ends talking about mass
effect today but I really talk about my
Mass Effect that was talking about
heroism in games shut up Bob rich
talking about Mass Effect again there's
a valid point
oh oh oh no I died how did I die i died
somehow
Oh a caveman pummeled me to death
apparently well shit
rich would be the dumb guy in the zombie
movie that runs cross town to save his
family face it rich let's say this was
real life and the zombies came
what does not go to check on your family
when you would you really not do that no
you know I would like obviously family
you run across town to check on one
hundred percent but if it's some random
lady or dude you know if it's some
random somebody and like it's the
difference between them and getting you
know a shotgun I'm gonna think twice
about that Oh God I'm not saying I would
do it I'm just gonna think twice about
it well you know I guess I'm just a
better person than you jack that's
really true it should be known that I'm
a terrible asshole that should be known
I'm Wesley Crusher it says rich Evans is
the data jack is the Wesley Crusher um
maybe you're the data they just creepy
yeah I guess it makes sense I don't know
about data you don't know about data
it's a fine character I wouldn't want to
be dating okay I think data is better
than Wesley Crusher I was like fresh or
at least has emotions he Wesley Crusher
would give a shit if somebody he was
close to died data by his very nature
would not right I was like they did one
of those I think it was in the episode I
forgot the name of the damn it so now
were Worf kept going into parallel
universes that were similar but
different jerk and then one of them like
Geordi had recently died and they're
just standing around and you know they
fired by Jordi's body and data's just
doesn't give a fuck he's currently
creepy is what I'm saying
sure alright you know what I'll give you
that I'll give you that I have been
sacrificing my damsel to trip arrow
traps
she hasn't died the damn boy gets a
couple hit puddings and so you know
that's not too bad that's not too bad
she hasn't died she's just a little
injured you know if I sacrifice her we
can both make it out these are the tough
decisions you have to make rich I did
you know people are noticing that I just
did that now dropping the danja damsel
you know I haven't played this game
before and I kind of thought that's what
was going on yeah I didn't say it's true
cuz you know you know how to make those
sacrifices also my damsel you have the
option of randomly you can choose your
damsel in this game whether you want it
to be a girl a guy or a puppy and so I
have mine set to random
it will randomly be a girl a guy or a
puppy okay just in case you see a puppy
and are wondering why there's a puppy in
the game uh why Hey so is getting a kiss
the only way to restore health later on
in the game there are special trinkets
that can restore health Oh what but yeah
early on I kiss see you basically
regaining health from this game is
difficult
oh very difficult what the fuck
indeed alejandro 42 thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it do I disagree
with Mike about parallels being the
worst episode yes but Mike Mike Mike
Mike you know I know I know why Mike
doesn't like the episode why he Mike
doesn't like that episode he hates the
very concept of parallel universes he
Mike hates the thought that out there
but there are an infinite different
number of Mike's no clauses that he
hates that thought so that's that's why
Mike hates parallels jerk
yeah it kind of does a slap in the face
of human individuality yes freedom of
choice that kind of stuff I could see I
could see anyone hating the idea of
parallel universes yeah yeah and and
before in the store I bought spiky boots
which makes it easier to kill those
large enemies like the big spider so I
could just kill them in a couple hops
this time I am going to wait for the
ghost I have these two nice gems right
here okay easy easy ghost bait and so
I'm gonna just kind of wait for the
ghosts so you can see what the ghost
looks like and I figure if the ghost
comes in over on this side I'm over here
it'll get the gems I might need to use a
rope but I have rope so yeah I should
use a probe
like you know like in any roguelike your
equipments your bombs your hearts all
very valuable things and so like using a
rope or using a bomb
oh here's the ghost hey ghost nothing
ghost touches you you die let me very
slow so I'm gonna coax him over to these
jewels good turn the jewels it's a she
actually the ghost is a she gotta turn
the jewels white so then I can jump over
get them easy money and that's easy
money so then I coax the ghost up here
and quick drop down and eggs I love that
ghost sprite and it is she is it's great
yes
oh that's right alejandra 42 says if you
use if you get the camera the camera
momentarily stuns the ghost and that's
how we know it's a girl because if you
take a picture of the ghost it has like
big red puffy lips and eye shadow and
does a little pose and that's done okay
okay
it's pretty cute but the camera is
mostly useless
because if you know how to get around
the ghost you don't need the camera in
the first place
and and you know like if I get a camera
for free I would take it but I would
never I would never ever pay for a
camera right
they always have something with you pro
tip for all you spelunky players like
they have these rocks just lying around
always have a rock with you you know why
you can throw it at something you can
throw it at something and OMS but
whatever I think love oh I do have a
club
[Music]
I got an item and I forgot that I had it
because it's an item I don't much care
for it's a catcher's mitt and it makes
you throw straight instead of normally
you throw kind of like on a curve huh
and it catches him it makes you throw
straight okay okay so I would like I
would like to play this game this is a
really fun game you should play this
game I if it's not clear I highly
recommend spelunky incredibly tight
platformer like the the movement the
character is great so then we have this
golden idol that's right here right huh
you can take this gold medal and get
money for it but it makes a boulder fall
down and that Boulder you know destroy
stuff and chases you and you can die
here's real pro tip if the boulder hits
the shop that's right below it the
shopkeeper will go insane and try to
kill you for the rest of the game wait
if you do what if you anger the
shopkeeper for the rest of the game he
will try to film you so you can't buy
anything so you can't not only can you
not buy anything he will hunt you with a
shotgun for the rest of the game yeah
same let me just cuz of the visual style
of this game the theme and the name I
kept expecting something like a a
randomly generated spelunker you know I
don't know what spelunker is I guess
it's just an old platformer that's kind
of bad okay Oh cuz cavemen yeah those
are cavemen and what you what you see
there is like I just got I just used a
key and opened up a treasure chest and
got like a little I next to my money
that is the eye of Olmec and you need
that to get into the secret shop okay
that's in the next level and if you get
in the secret shop and have enough money
you can buy the ankh which you then used
in the ice cave levels which you have to
strategically die on a level and then
the ankh revitalizes you uh-huh and if
you use that you get another item that
you use in the temple level to get you
to the temple of gold to get you another
item so you can get to hell which is a
real thing that happens in the game so
basically what I need to do now what I'm
waiting for now while I was waiting for
that is um is I need to decide whether
or not I need to donate to the tunnel
man and if I give him some money I think
I love so so now basically I can start
the game in the jungle instead of having
to go through the mine okay which is
important just if you're looking for
like an Olmec kill but uh and you don't
get any of the items that would unlock
the secret lover that way exactly
exactly you don't get any of the good
stuff and of course like you get a ton
of money
yo it's literally I'm just doing it to
get the the achievement the unlock in
the game you know okay get off me monkey
stupid fucking monkey come on oh oh the
monkey made me throw Oh God rich the
monkey I don't know what that means
stupid monkey I'm gonna sacrifice this
dude here's the damsel in this level is
a dude and he wears like a little
g-string sacrifice to know he's the
damsel he's who were supposed to be
rescuing kid I sacrifice him I got
compass which is pretty important now
there is a big red arrow on my screen
that points to the exit which might not
seem like a big deal but later on in the
game very big deal I'm assuming you've
never played Maximo - let alone Maximo
one and I played neither PlayStation ok
they they have people you can rescue in
that game reminds me of that ok
come across people yelling for help and
the monsters are trying to kill them I'm
gonna fight the monsters off ok
this right here is a really fun thing if
anyone oh oh there's a shop there's a
secret chat bridge this is very exciting
but for anyone interested that little
red guy is a worms but and if you throw
the damsel on the worms but I you
there's a secret worm level which is
really fun you get anything supercool
for the secret worm level yeah if you do
the secret worm level there's this if
you do the secret worm level you get
like a knife that will instantly kill
any enemy oh that sounds like a good
thing yeah but you already sacrificed a
guy
I already sacrificed a guy and I'm not
gonna do this was stupid no no I wanted
I wanted I got a compass and I got the
secret job I got the I got the black
market which is very exciting as the
black market has a ton of stuff on of
items oh one of the shops that can
randomly generate is this brothel Oh
which you know just sells kisses which
is hilarious
so obviously what I'm looking for is a
jet pack a jet pack who they have a
climbing love this game looks kind of
great it's it's more than kind of grain
rage this is super fantastic I I need to
get me some spelunky yes you do yes you
do ok this shop has an has a decent item
an item in which I will just have to use
because they don't have a jet pack which
is the climbing globe and the climbing
glove turns you into spider-man you
stick to walls so now I can stick to
walls like that I might know I don't
have enough for the shack kind of like I
might want to buy oh I hit my bombs
I don't have any bombs if you can get
your hands on a shotgun pretty good
should buy bombs because you'll need
bombs so what does it was that real a
fortunate thing do it's it's a game of
chance I'll go back to the wheel of
fortune thing oh you can also buy a
helper if you buy this helper he'll eat
stuff up for you and grab treasure for
you the Wheel of Fortune thing gets you
money big money or the prize that's
behind the door which right now is a
pickaxe and a pickaxe means you can
break through rock and like if you
notice in the rock there's all like
these jewels and gold in the rocks huh
so if you have the pickaxe you can get
that really if not you have to
to have these little military guy here
and you don't want to blow up the store
I'm gonna bomb right here just so I can
jump down in the military guy but if you
blow up any part of the store the
shopkeeper comes after you okay be very
careful with your bomb placements around
shops oh and I fucked up what I got it's
okay I have a boomerang now which is a
fine weapon now oh shit the ghost
gibberish it says the steamed false Hill
starts in a few days hmm hmm yeah I I
just bought it today well I'm PC cause
like I said I've only played it on my
Vita yeah but I have so many hours this
was a game I was obsessed with for a
long time and I just bought it today on
Steam just play it today and I love it I
love this game
the Cybermen could take out a Borg or
two and then it's over no the Cybermen
could not take out any Borg because
they're machines the board would hack
them right away come on get it together
the Borg would adapt yeah yeah but I
don't know I'm assuming there are many
more Borges in the universe and there
are Cybermen and a fake now
birds have themselves a pretty big
Empire yeah that is true
sooner or later they will own the Milky
Way and they will consume the Federation
it's a matter of time unless you can go
back in time and stop the Borg Queen I
mean they're there all throughout pretty
much the Delta Quadrant right pretty
much I mean they they own a large chunk
of land there yeah if if Voyager is
canon which of course it is they started
in the Delta Quadrant who we helped her
Thanks new character in life super funny
PES that is read full Davis unless the
Federation all the fire at the same
place yes first contact is a beloved and
it might be my least favorite oh man
that's where that's where the next gen
movies fully turned into action schlock
and that movie just completely ruins the
Borg absolutely yeah I mean it started
the ruination of the Borg like you know
the Voyager put the last nails in the
Borg being with someone cool I don't
think the Borg showed up in Voyager
until after first contact I was that
true yeah it just killed my helper by
the way and then the Borg Queen is just
the worst idea of all time anything that
was creepy about the bar was the fact
that they're a collective one giant
collective yes no no what you put a
queen on that a face a head boss to
fight
you've ruined them absolutely
absolutely they were they were a group
thinking only of the collective and hell
yeah no there was they were the best
enemy but that's what by the way that's
just what happens with time if you love
something eventually they'll mess it up
that's the lessons of life that's the
lessons of life for anyone who is like a
Doctor Who fan doctor who had one of the
greatest creepiest villains of all time
in the weeping angels they were in one
episode of Doctor Who and they were
statues yeah and the statues would only
move if you weren't looking at them
that was their shtick huh and so if you
looked at them say they would be still
in these statues and the second you
blinked if you turned away if you
blinked they would move and so yeah they
would have these great like cuts worth
like the lights would flicker on and off
and on and the angels would move and
like be an attack position they were the
creepiest fucking thing in the world and
then they spent episodes like with more
and more angels because everyone thought
they were the coolest enemy and now
they're the fuck what the fuck in deed
select amo select demo
I think it's selectable oh I like some
selectable let's go with you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do yeah they did a whole they
did a whole run on the angel on the
weeping angels where then it was
revealed that the Statue of Liberty was
a Weeping Angel and it walked through
New York it was the dumbest thing in the
world yes
what cancel yeah
it was the dumbest thing it was this
beautifully creepy enemy and they messed
it up because that's what happens with
time okay I've made it now to the ice
caves whoo there's a worm level in the
ice caves but I don't think I'm gonna go
I have decent items for this run by the
way I'm feeling good about the number of
items that I have
I think I'm just gonna barrel through
what's important for me it's really
important for the ice caves is to have
these these cleats shoes because there's
ice in the ice caves and you slip and
also the ice caves like are known for
having pretty barren landscape and so
because I have the climbing gloves I can
spider-man my way up some walls and look
around and look for treasure right I'm
feeling fairly confident about this run
which means that I'm gonna mess up at
any moment
okay for anyone paying attention and to
Jack in his I got three parts I only
have three hearts yeah but because I
have the climbing gloves I can go back
up for that lady oh no I can even just
go get it right now so here's a lady so
we're gonna take it a lady and rescue
that girl gonna play a little bit of
rescue that damsel great great all right
moffat the Moffatt and Mo fucked
everything you're absolutely right
Lindsey yo yo they're the guy who used
to just be like a writer for doctor who
took over as showrunner and the the very
second he took over a showrunner it was
a different show and and everybody
noticed I I can't speak much on Doctor
Who I tried to get into that first
season when they did the repo yeah I got
about two-thirds into it and I just
couldn't care enough anymore additional
episodes I'm sorry yeah sorry about you
sure wasn't for babe sure no it's just
you know like going for it
going for the gold
climbing gloves oh yeah climbing gloves
it's where it's at going I'm going for
some stuff here Ridge right here yeah
doing some stuff
yeah if you're like if you're going into
the ice caves you need yourself a pair
of climbing gloves or jet pack because
then the world is yours this is a
grappling hook an item or do you start
with that or yeah those are ropes okay
those are ropes and you know you can
collect those and they're pretty easy to
pick up so they were limited limited use
kind of thing
I lost my damsel yeah limited ones once
you use once you use one it's done
forever I thank you
how'd you lose the damsel - I fell too
far oh I fell too far and and then I
dropped the damsel and he woke up before
I did so then he walked off a cliff
because that's what the Hamill's do in
this game once you rescue them they they
just they walk around aimlessly and so
they can get killed by things and watch
just walk into the nothingness oh that
sounds horrible
yeah and then he so he walked off a
cliff and landed on a mine okay the
kedai died from fall damage yeah they
can and you can oh and look and now
there's aliens and not others aliens in
the game because that is another thing
in this game there is a secret alien
level how do you how do you get the
secret alien level we'll see if we can
find it here's the Oso by the way if you
go through all the crazy stuff and you
get the ankh this is the level that you
have to purposefully die on then you get
resurrected in this to go to them
oh my god it's what did a done thing I
forgot about something so there's tiny
alien saucers yeah I don't know if
you're seeing them yet yeah you're
probably saying that I've seen a few of
them yes and alien saucers are like any
other enemies you can jump on them you
can whip them and they
