Episode 127
Spelunky - Hack & a Half (Part 2)
December 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KuWeP7qDlw
___________________________________________

I forgot about that oh I'm a big dumb
dummy
[Music]
chat saying time for biding of issac now
we're gonna see if we can get a little
bit farther I'd like to at one time I
was really good at this game and a lot
of it is coming back to the muscle
memory of course I've also never played
it on an Xbox 360 controller but the
muscle memory is coming back I'd like to
see if I can get even if I can get back
to like vana as level as the temple you
know just so people can see all the love
that's always fun if I can make it to
Olmec and yeah whenever you're done
that's fine by me because that means I
get to go shop for computer parts so by
which I guess it's taking every ounce of
my build power to stay home I we
appreciate that
we appreciate your sacrifice
in the name of entertaining all these
fine people ah okay didn't get me yes
son of a bitch oh fuck you I forgot
about that two skeletons all these
people who showed up late and you're
asking questions that got answered like
an hour ago what are they talking about
the kids in the the joke book video oh
yeah they want to know about those kids
yeah we already talked about that we
bought them from from Asian slavers we
just threw them out I did see I did see
an important question now which is
whether or not I let my kids so by the
way to end the joke yes they're my
children
even though I did like your Asian flavor
joke that was funny
the question I saw in the chat was
whether or not I let them watch red
letter media content the answer is no
you know why cuz I'm a good parent I did
let them watch this video they really
enjoyed watching they they got a real
kick out of watching this video even
even even Jackson because he looks so
miserable he was laughing harder than
everyone really and then we kept you
know looking like don't you remember
like how much you dislike this and he's
like no that he goes he said that guy's
funny I think talking to himself well
it's fine but no no red letter media
content is inappropriate for children
their age if I do not let them watch it
[Music]
that's fine okay nevermind rich says
it's fine you know you know when I
watched when it was new and I I don't
think I was I was barely I might not
even have been ten years old yet what
robocop okay fucking Robocop when
they're 10 I'll let them watch Robocop
just two just for you right you know
when I was growing up nobody cared if I
watched an r-rated movie and I'm fine
yeah yeah I know
out of my way not to harm flies and you
know that Jack you've seen it not only
have I seen it I I protested against it
he'll all the Flies you can that's what
I said see what the chat doesn't know is
instead of just smashing if Y what I
will do is I will take disposable Cup
and I will actually try to catch the fly
in the cup to let it outside yeah this
is a real thing which does yes yes
and I grew up watching r-rated movies I
didn't turn into a violent psychopath
right I turn into a man who literally
wouldn't hurt a fly
yes child-bride asks if I let my kids
watch Adam Sandler movies no no I do not
they are also inappropriate for children
one day I hope to share with them the
genius that is Billy Madison because I
really do enjoy that movie there's a lot
of stuff I'm looking forward to sharing
with them as they get older but you know
that do you want to get over
which which you are not fine you are a
punch line
well oh that's kind of mean it is kind
of mean man why is why you're even here
[Laughter]
that's the real question say why why
bother
hahaha like you know what you're getting
into with these right that's fine lots
of big spiders but I have lots of bombs
it's okay
I would abandon for saying that right
[Music]
you're much more lenient than I I got a
thick skin that's good you know what
that's good that's healthy that's fine
that's that's fine I've you know it's
yeah but it's just one of those things
like what are you doing here man if you
don't like us it's really easy not to
see us you have to choose to see us and
listen to us no one that's not you know
with us and none of my business it's
none of my business how you spend your
time young people
don't be rude alright feeling good about
my items got my climbing gloves back I
got super jump boots I got my sticky
bombs and I got a compass she tells me
where the exit
somebody wants to give us twenty-five
dollars for an ng ship FTL run right now
today hey I don't know they are asking
where they could send the money and find
who said that crack about me $25 for an
ng ship FTL run if you tell me where to
send my money I still don't believe it's
possible I've done it you care what
difficulty it's on oh that's the
question what that's a good question
right but I I've had at least one really
good ng ship rum
oh by the way I wait I've done an ng
ship victory run I was uneasy but I've
done an ng ship victory run on the
stream before it's up on YouTube already
especially if you can find that augment
that reuses drones then it's Mena's
almost easy mode hey Jose guy now Jose
guy Jose guy not Jose guy Jose guy thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
I've done a successful energy run uneasy
on the stream before if you're asking
for a successful ng run on normal that
might be more difficult it starts with
an ion blast - yeah you you just you
just put that that that gun on automatic
take their shields completely done with
that motherfucker then just with your ng
drone ship just launched one combat ship
and he will fucking annihilate it your
drone will annihilate the other ship
once the shields are down yeah yeah no I
like the ng ship I think the ng ship is
a fine ship
oh I mean if you just want to give us
$25 I'm okay with that but you might you
might be you should be looking for ions
but you're doing what the weapons you
want to install on that yeah I am you
want you want to take shields down so
your your drones can fuck all their
ships up yeah oh yeah no no if you get a
good ion weapon like this a great one
oh sure but like if you can get like
double eye on weapons and like target
both earlier like just keep targeting
their weapons and their shields piloting
and shields they can't yeah
they cannot do anything they will just
be sitting ducks yeah oh yeah like if
you target like piloting and weapons
then that's it they're done you can do
whatever you want you could just you
could flick their ship to death
Oh someone is saying rich they will
donate $25 if we send them $25 that
seems like a waste of postage no I mean
I you know $25 $25 I won't say no boys
beat says iron weapons are only garbage
if you're bad at FTL wish it which which
implies that somebody in the chat said
that I in women's for garbage and if
somebody said that they're an idiot
uh-huh-huh and they might be that it if
i on i on weapons are amazing you
usually need more than one of them
though yeah you wish how do you prance
that name we gotta want the fuck shy by
a river or she by she by a river she by
a river
she she by a river she by a river
her subscribe she by a stream if I could
find me that's me trying to do soulful
and I like it it doesn't I like it
there's oh there's a special fish thing
too but I don't think I'm prepared for
the fish thing where's the damsel
there's a worm in here we can do a worm
level so you can see how insane the worm
levels are somebody's asking how many
subscribers we have and I think they
just want to know if we've reached the
$1,000 or oh my my senior high school
picture we have not yet reached that but
I'm very close with the check we just
got for an earlier month that is not
true yeah no that's oh that was two
months
so we were not at all close no no we're
not at all close but we're getting there
in fact we if that's the case we were
under halfway yeah yes that is Morgan I
thought that was one month and I was
delighted okay is Colin here oh hey
Colin hey
right surely her count is here get off
me and monkey I got monkeys on me rich
oh my gosh do find all these goddamn
monkeys on me Shh I'm other guns I have
a boomerang so I'm I shot him with us
enough that guys know nothing okay
nothing nothing I have to remember all
like there's a there's a ton of little
stuff in this game where you know the
more you play it the more you figure
stuff out ooh secret market I have good
money I have good money for a secret
market yes
yes okay someone someone else from
Europe is upset that we start the scream
so late even though you know here
they're not laid that there's not much
we can do about that you know I mean I
want to want to be start a gaming stream
it's like 10:00 a.m. that well it's it's
like it's one of those things where if
if we hear that enough and I've heard
that a couple times people like asking
if we could do like a stream at a
different time for European fan yeah we
hear that enough the answer is
absolutely
really you weren't prepared to do this
Oh 100% like you know if we if that's
what the if that's what the people want
rich I am I give the people what they
want
i jusu i just have not heard it enough
where it would be feasible for us to do
it you know uh-huh well yeah yeah if you
guys want to stream in the middle of the
day here in America so you can watch it
at a reasonable time in Europe or
however you want to do it absolutely the
answers absolutely just tell us and
we'll do it I'll do it it'll just be me
rich you'll be asleep still rich wakes
up at 4:00 in the afternoon quite that
late sometimes thank you that's fine
that's fine
what's my sleeping Harwich become
completely unbalanced yes exactly I am a
total night out mm-hmm backpacker is
evil you're right mr. 212
how do I feel about they live that's a
fine movie I haven't seen it way too
long though mmm something I'll have to
rewash I was just getting in the
conversation about someone about like
bad movies in general and they mentioned
they live as an example and I said no no
no it's not a bad movie that's that is a
good movies yeah a little cheesy little
low-budget but that is a good movie I
keep some some people just don't
understand what a bad movie is it's true
it's really true
there's a bomb shop here so okay great
rich do you play gangster games what
what makes a game a gangster game I
guess you could call Grand Theft Auto a
gangster game no there's that a game
company's gangster games they just said
rich do you play gangster games that
might be a kind of game company gangster
games is it I don't I just so again yeah
gangster gaming isn't it uh I don't know
Oh Jack I live in Canada and it's
usually too cold to watch your stream
what should I do about this i but buy a
blanket right I blank why can't we all
live in Hawaii I think everybody in the
world why can't we all just live in
Hawaii I like the cold
I like black hole along with and I like
the snow you know why cuz then you get
it when it's a little colder out you can
always put on more layers if it gets too
hot you know and for anybody who you
know doesn't live anywhere near here the
Milwaukee area the last like one week
and a half two weeks it's been it's been
like late January whether it's been
below freezing it's been absolutely
miserable it's great it was it was 40
yesterday it was 40 degrees which is
probably more normal for November I felt
like going around without a jacket on
[Laughter]
I I'm gonna give this one more shot I'm
gonna give it one more and one more run
a shot and then we'll switch games I got
killed by the goddamn Tiki man hit me
with a boomerang in a perfect world I
would definitely live in a white yeah I
you know I like it here I I think that
living here it's one of those things
where if you live in warm weather all
the time you can't appreciate the warm
weather because it's just what you have
all the time it's it's it's less than
ideal weather like 8 and 2/3 months out
of the year you are crazy
no I'm not at all crazy you're crazy
it's great snow so great snow is the
worst thing ever great snow as snow is
something that should be on the ground
on December 15th and it should go away
on January 1st never December 15th I
press throwing button for anyone
wondering why I just rub a rope there
now oh that's right Colin when it's cold
you don't feel guilty staying at home
and playing video games that's
absolutely true and you know what your
computer will never overheat in
Wisconsin in the winter it's one of my
favorite times of the year I'd never let
it be fine if I wanted it to be 20
degrees inside
I like I like the cool I like to go
weather yes everything fuck this weather
[Laughter]
you know since since I moved up from
Chicago to Milwaukee it's just on
average eight degrees colder and it's
terrible yeah it's terrible
everything's fine okie sorts no you know
what you suck Oh fine
[Music]
no I know I like the cold weather I like
I like going out in the snow and
[Music]
these are the things that I like I don't
know
monster Oh putting down a bomb climb in
the rope so I can get that key put in
the chest things I'm good getting to
that black market is really important
and so you need this you need the eye to
get to the black market because they
have ton of good items that's why I made
that decision
what's 40 degrees in Celsius I don't
know I don't know that conversion and I
apologize for not knowing that
conversion not and I don't apologize cuz
I don't know I apologize because we
don't have that system Fahrenheit 30 32
is frozen already yeah 32 is freezing
yeah and it's been like 20 something
yeah in in Wisconsin it gets so cold and
dry that it can't snow because it's too
cold and dry just a real thing that
happens and that's the worst like cuz I
like the snow and I'm okay with the cold
but when it's cold and there's no snow
out it's just like what's the point
they're gonna try a tricky maneuver here
it didn't work oh god oh god it didn't
work here really didn't okay what
happened sometimes you can fall faster
than the arrows trigger and so I was
trying to fall so I wouldn't get hit by
arrows cuz I didn't have anything to
flow down you got you got hurt too not
only did I get hurt by them then I ran
into some enemies so I now have one
heart point although it's terrific it's
less than ideal maybe there could have
been another way around Jack it could
have been I could have taken the time I
do I feel a little like I need to keep
moving for the stream should have taken
my time for trying to meet the game
that's poor strategy Jack uh I agree
rich I agree what do you what do you
want right what why didn't you didn't do
that thing you did I
because because I'm dumb I'm a big dumb
dummy I'm my baby brain doesn't move oh
oh and okay we're gonna get one more -
one more try one more Brian didn't you
die again I died again that was what
that was bedroom that was faded to be a
bedroom with Walmart right there is
everything's gonna be fine oh we're
gonna have to end the stream early and
I'm gonna have to shop around for
computer parts this is terrible it's sad
just this is just terrible
that's what kind of game this is though
you have your runs you have your runs
and you have your not you run be fine
everything's gonna be fine
treasure chest do do you know it's not
like I don't want to play it but I think
I'm gonna start lying about Xena nods
yeah yeah I think I'm just gonna start
saying yeah it's great do many people
ask me about it yeah I know I know I
would probably like it it's not my list
of things to play but I'm you know kind
of waiting in plumb in the mood for
something like that again hmm I kind of
XCOM myself out lately that's fair yeah
no no it's not Jack it's not fair at all
I haven't play it immediately oh yeah oh
yeah that's what I meant yeah is why
haven't you played a dummy dummy dumb
Orton
okay you'd wait until Black Friday or
Cyber Monday to look for parts do do PC
components really go on sale that often
though for Black Friday
I would assume I would assume Cyber
Monday they would yeah yeah I would
assume but then of course we'd have to
wait a week you know the buy stuff which
means then we'd have to wait and you
know days to build it and what's going
to be on sale you don't that's why you
have to wait until the cyber monday
that's that's how it works that's how
they get you oh that's terrible yeah or
we could just buy it now and say fuck it
so I found some good deals as it in some
you know Cyber Monday Black Friday aside
right I found some good deals already
well okay
yeah then fuck it any plan I mean I
think I'm already saving about $300 or
so okay
I disagreed myself totally just screwed
myself that's fine
why did you do that thing I've decided
decided that I want and thousand dollars
so I'm waiting for the ghosts and
there's two jewels right here yeah but
then it made me use a bomb and a rope
but I think it'll be worth it for
$10,000 okay oh but resources and aging
your resources is very important oh shit
doesn't be saying they do sales of all
of November I know like I said I've
already got good deals going on I don't
I don't want to wait till later they
might go away Don't Tell rich don't tell
rich
yeah Cyber Monday I don't I don't I
don't I don't even care that you had to
start over jack
I just don't what are you talking about
it I'm still I'm still play the same
life then I saw guys tongue doctor Irish
that is objects are difficult that I
completely fucked up
so the things that make a good roguelike
are super tight controls when you fuck
up it's your fault that was 100% my
fault as being greedy wanted that go I
wanted that ghosty but I didn't think I
was greedy nosed um I didn't think my
way out of how the ghost was how I was
gonna get away from the ghost basically
and I didn't have a plan in place for
getting away from the ghost and I fucked
up my fault I'm just thinking about
their cards it's the only thing I'll do
my head right now I mean are you telling
people what you're gonna buy her yeah
here's the problem is like no matter
what you tell people they're gonna
suggest something else is better right
yeah so we're just gonna say we're not
telling people what you're buying until
you're installing it we could do do that
I don't know they know they know about
the the SSD thing already that you're
not going with an SSD yeah because it
would mean getting a lesser processor I
could choose between a Intel i5 or with
an SSD or an i7 without and the choice
is obvious yes yes because we have
budgetary constraints is there because
of you if you upgrade the processor
later then then you just blew two
hundred something dollars on the the i5
right if you upgrade if I add in a SSD
later then it's just another 70 or
whatever an SSD will end up costing me
cheaper to upgrade that later it's saner
to upgrade that later yeah yeah sounds
like it
okay great great
okay I can do this if I can get three
thousand more dollars I can get a
jetpack rich
and then we got ourselves the makings
you need you need that jetpack yeah
that's the only thing that could save
you no jetpacks pretty valuable in this
game Anna and I can do it like I think
with this gold I can get there actually
I can get that that's a waste another
goddamn balls no no I didn't okay time
saying the the i7 is useless for gaming
yeah but I'd probably be the less
useless if I want to try and emulate a
ps2 which I kind of do jetpack I got a
jetpack everything is great now cuz I
got a jerk perk hey you're not here got
a jetpack now I don't give a fuck about
nothing
jetpack er that's right HTT is a much
tighter bottleneck than the cpu get the
yeah but when you're for the gaming
itself the SSD doesn't matter once it's
loaded up I care about how it runs once
the game is loaded well that's what I
care about right like so your loading
times might be more but the game will
run smoother yes plus down the road I
could easily add in an SSD I'd have to
reinstall an operating system I don't
but that's not a big deal at all hey
people are nuts
you're wrong I understand that SSDs are
amazing but what I can do with the
budget we have to work with I would be
better off saving that for later
yeah yeah yeah
[Music]
okay okay great so pro tip pro spelunky
tip there are these levels that say I
hear snakes right at the beginning of
level that says I hear snakes I hate
snakes right Indiana Jones reference and
each of those levels have one of these
pits one of these pits and there are
snakes at the bottom of the pit but the
important thing about these levels is at
the very center of the bottom of the pit
if you vomit which I might miss but oh
fuck oh fuck you is a pickaxe so you
bomb it you get pickaxe which is great
and I have a jetpack so I have a pickaxe
in jetpack which means I can go anywhere
on the level at any time let's see the
pickaxe breaks rocks okay so you can go
through any wall so I can go through any
wall and because I have the jetpack I
can
I'm incredibly maneuverable which means
that I can really mess around with the
ghosts only you have more hearts if only
I had more hearts but I can get more
hearts because there's that kissing
booth but I don't want to use it yet
because there's a jewel in front of
there and I want to wait for the ghost
actually yeah I can around that
nope shit whatever you know what
whatever no bye kiss 1x2 kisses we're
gonna buy two kisses you know why cuz
I'm gonna be rich in a second or I'm
gonna die shit
you getting cocky rich getting cocky
things are taking a turn for the worst
okay here comes the ghost you know
what's in here okay everything's fine
everything's fine okay okay everything's
fine for now look over here so the
ghosts can get that this enemies respawn
no enemies do not respawn I'd stab here
go see a staff here
why do they keep asking me if I'm a
replicant when did this start
probably data right newer you were
saying you were the data or someone was
that was no somebody else was saying I
would never say that because data is
creepy maybe maybe they think I'm creepy
that's fine and that's fine is it though
yeah I'd rather be like a Geordie or
somesuch
sure okay okay
Blade Runner is not like a horrible
Internet thing now is it is that what's
going on Blade Runner yeah not that I
know of
okay but you know I don't know anything
I don't know anything about anything
yeah I might not be a ghost II should
have cleared these cobwebs most ultimate
run away from the ghost strategy okay so
basically and now all I'm doing is kind
of just farting around in the ghosts to
turn all of the jewels I can why are you
racking up the money
yeah I'm just racking up the money does
he know the ghost chases you but he's
she's pretty slow does she's not speed
up ever no she stays at a constant speed
that's really good it just gotta be
patient got to be patient with the
ghosts if it it's one thing I've always
said you got to be patient with your
ghost playing with fire Jack yes yes I'm
100% playing with fire but I think I got
them all how much more of the gems worth
I think normally a gem is like 1500 and
if the ghost goes through them they're
worth 5,000 okay so significant amount
like I I got almost fifty thousand
dollars because I ghost did that is that
a watt in spelunky terms um it's a
decent amount is that you know like
fifty thousand dollars will buy me
something good okay if if I can get to
if I can get to the black market and I
oh I think actually you need fifty
thousand to get the ankh and the ankh is
what will get you to the special levels
and it gives you a bonus life in general
like if you buy an ankh it gives you an
extra it gives you an extra life not an
extra heart container like an extra life
if you die if you fuck up
Oh a 1200 by the way I was a little off
a normal jewel is worth 1,200 okay so
it's even war yeah it's even more err
very very valuable it goes like a crowd
of those spikes
oh nice okay here's a key okay coming up
millhouse Ridge coming up millhouse then
you need one of these levels with this
key here and now we need to find the
chest but I have a jetpack and I have a
pickaxe so because each level is
randomly generated sometimes like things
can be buried in rock uh-huh and that
can really fuck you over that can really
fuck you over if you you know like if
you don't have any bombs if you don't
have fighting equipment yeah like for
example this time the chest is buried it
in right now the chest is buried under
rock but that doesn't matter to me
because I have a pickaxe okay something
very important and now I can use my
jetpack now I can use my jetpack to like
go back and get the damsel and get like
like I can leave my pickaxe and I can I
can leave stuff behind and then go back
for it really easily and I put my
pickaxe you don't remember
somewhere up over where that yellow mask
thing is yes there is I see it up into
the left I can't see where you are right
now obviously because yeah cuz you're
not I'm watching the delay
I found it okay the person on the chat
asking me if I beat in Thai fighter yet
my answer is I beated 20 years ago and
that's not a lie it's 20 years ago right
so I can't see well it's a little my
spring road yeah yeah cuz they do
nothing they they you can actually pick
them up and use them to set off arrow
traps though so if you don't feel like
if you don't feel like sacrificing a
dams or if you can't find a rock you can
throw a mouse okay because this game is
full of little great things okay
all right back to it jet pack the jet
pack run the glory that is the jet pack
run I could find myself something I can
find myself a couple more things like
well fuck you monkey we can play couple
great white whale oh my god oh my god oh
my god
terrible things are happening rich
monkey made me pass out of it and then a
skeleton got me I'm doing fine now I'm
back on it only have two hearts which
isn't the greatest place to be blood but
I'm gonna take it you know why cuz it's
what I got I actually did not want those
I should not pay attention not paying
I'm not in it to win it that's why you
will loose it Jack that's why I what
that's why you will loose it
yeah probably just leave it
okay doesn't look like the black market
is on this level
mom want that dude we need to do yes
quiet yes I just said I wanted to do
monkey hey monkey okay great at the dude
no store on this level
hopefully there's a store in the next
level got a dude so I get a heart which
is nice
Jack is confirmed for dude sexual I mean
are we all let's be honest we need some
dude that's just a normal thing that
normal people say I so I don't know why
you guys are acting weird about it you
guys are the weird one
and I'm waiting for I jiggle Jam to
light up and as soon as it does we're
gonna find ourselves a black market and
go shopping
oh it's time already
right yeah yeah yeah ah I see this is
great like if you notice like this is
the exit and there's a shop here right
now the black market is like buried deep
under some stuff okay so like without
without a pickaxe I would be pretty
bummed seems like a terrible place to
put a shop oh it's all random is it yeah
but I mean just just in-game from the
shopkeepers point of view that seems
like a terrible idea
where is it where's Mike likies what
Mike wiki's rich yeah the cookies Oh
what is your cookies what are you
talking about what language are you
speaking
beacons belong
damnit
I'm threading the line here of what
we're like if I if I get too close to
like the shop and or this guy over here
shit oh you made the shopkeeper mad
I made the shopkeeper mad so you can't
buy anything ever again not only can I
not buy anything ever again they will
now chase me yeah for the rest of the
game are you now fucked I'm kind of
fucked how are you supposed to get those
treasure chests then don't know you do
what you do do what I just did which is
I just like jumped on his head and now I
can steal a shotgun so I just stole his
shotgun so basically now I have to kill
all of the shopkeeper
well it seems terrible it's terrible but
now I get to steal everything in their
store without paying for it so
oh oh well that sounds great
the only problem is they hunt me and
they have shot and they all have
shotguns can you kill them yeah yeah you
can kill them and I kill them and I
stole one of their shotguns but it's
hard you I can kill them but it's hard
okay oh I like that you can do that
there's a lot of things in this game
that I think are just great yes jack is
bad but he goes why what did i do you
made the man mad yeah but I mean that
happens sometimes that happens sometimes
can't you apologize should that be an
option can you offer to rebuild part of
the shop that would be hilarious okay so
now the shopkeepers are 100% freaking
out
shit shit shit shit they got me uh got
me was a fucking freeze guns no it's
it's not very noble but at least now
it's in self-defense right right he just
he just nicked the guy's wall with a
pickaxe shotguns been outrageous I mean
we are talking about a shopkeeper who
set up shop in an abandoned secret mine
so he's a little eccentric
yeah hmm okay uh a great game I love
this is a great play yeah you know what
we'll play it again we'll play it again
during a group stream and you can play
and you can well it will stream you
playing just so just so you can enjoy
I'd be delighted
ah what a great game stream Mass Effect
no no no okay exiting spelunky that was
great and I felt great about them FTL
I mean I could do something have to yell
I I'm starting to think that when you
guys ask for FTL you're doing it
ironically I don't know I don't know I
don't think so I don't I don't think so
it has been a little too long since I
have played FTL where it just won't be a
good run
you know oh which that's what they want
they want me to fail so they can laugh
and have a good time yeah basically it's
fun when you you shoot people out of
airlocks hmm or you accidentally leave
your boring party on the exploding ship
that happened one time rich that
happened one time that you saw that's
that's the magic of being able to name
people
