Episode 129
Star Trek Catan... THE BOARD GAME (Part 1)
December 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARPjWVvxHro
___________________________________________

alright guys I've hit the start
streaming button and I don't know if
we've started streaming yet but we have
to find that out in this little window
it'll tell us if we've started streaming
or not oh I think we have cert panicked
assuming we've started it looks like we
have started streaming hi everybody it's
working cut out good it's working it's a
camera you guys we are doing something
very special today before Thanksgiving
usually get together with your family
and you play games we're gonna play a
board game
Lisa confirmed yes Lisa Jack's wife is
here say hi hi everyone so it's it's me
listen Richard Jay is gonna stop by in a
little bit but he said he doesn't want
to play cuz he's a grumpus because he's
a grumpy grub is he's tired and you work
all day when I play all day play all
night can't work all day and play all
day that's you know Rich's here biscuit
is here somewhere so if I could die at
any moment my body could remember I'm
allergic to cats and I will die oh we
were just about so we're playing we're
playing a very special version of
Settlers of Catan we are playing Star
Trek Settlers of Catan which is super
fun we were just about to pick who is
what color
can I be the red oh did you see that
catch everybody do you want blue please
I will be white because that's close to
what actual Star Trek ships look like
mmm that excites me so here I'll put
I'll put my little boy SHhhh my red ship
next to my name here so you guys can see
that Jack is the red ship
putting biscuit on screen you could jump
on the table
oh yes you guys want to say hi to
biscuit I need to find it first disaster
waiting to happen
yeah but I think that's what they tune
in for for disaster winning this I can't
argue with that they fail the hardest hi
real update I don't know if it is so I
can't put him on screen right now later
later
yeah rich guy have some of those the
backers LaBeouf's this is am a bumper
thank you
here are several more thank you oh I'm
gonna be that guy
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
you guys know I was just my computer
it's alright
so what happens if someone subscribes is
uh we should I should still see it
hopefully hopefully I should still see
it on this screen we're blowing settlers
oh that's right I need to update the
stream oh my god I need to tweet you
guys need to take care of so many things
okay I ain't touching that thing I'm
updating the stream this is very
exciting I notice it's a classic trick
and not next-gen trick
I couldn't fix them no your difficult no
well then where do you draw the line
there's only so many cards well the only
ones people care about her next-gen and
the original
oh the last time I played someone really
wanted a Janeway card why that one
yeah the gene wit card would be the kill
all the Borg a card even though there
are no Borg
oh I wish there were four little cube
yeah
okay did it work did we have take this
ring I don't know I'm just gonna say yes
yay we did it we updated the screaming
someone tell me if I updated the screen
where's my phone alright she can't see
what's going on but I'm just gonna say
yes don't you go up a little ship on
your cards there what color you are home
that's right alright that's perfect rich
okay now we have to do the very exciting
live tweet of the stream I'm very
excited
it's you know it's exciting it's
exciting times we live in
you guys can hear me type because
apparently the two people with me are
not doing good enough to have filling
dead air while I'm focusing and last
time we've done this I made a fatal
mistake right away dude maybe see our
next our trouble indigo will see those
roll or start explaining like how to
play the game I've been I'm a lot of
people don't know how to play I roll
only one I rolled it - you're all the
two J's here oh my god Jamie Jamie oh
there oh good it's now to get this
madness it's not too late to join in we
would be able to explain okay
cookies are the best
Oh Jay needs Oh No I'm still the oldest
are you still yeah but you get the four
because you go oldest Oh we'll discuss
the OMA okay so then just Jay get the
three okay okay have you ever played the
Star Trek version no I barely remember
the original version okay excellent
perfect okay well it's played the same
way except there's these really neat
bonus cards which everybody starts with
so no I need to show you where yeah off
cameras Oh so anything to fuck you up
but it was off-camera orissa didn't even
matter
okay right there anything on that side
of the card is off-camera
okay no you're covering up your name oh
it's okay
it's delayed I forgot it was delayed
there's a bit of another and you might
have just broke
yep I'll break it I don't know you
didn't break anything
hold on everybody we're still streaming
jay broke the camera with my end day
broke the camera with his head this is
electromagnetic field oh wait he did it
you fixed it next to Jay with my hand
with your hand a pair so I broke it and
fix it with my hand congratulations
at least I have a talent for something
that's certainly not making babies your
cookies can I see can we can we show the
the chat this is the let me find the
biggest thinnest one okay oh no it just
broke in half so this is my cookie
they're super thin I don't know why they
came out so thin
look at this what and their little bird
what is in it you can't have them I
can't handle butter good I'm kind of
peanut butter these will be sewed this
and we have a cat here detected
murderers oh and Lisa has a very
surprised a very fun surprise for
everyone
oh my god it's the cat okay that's good
I will not tell you this later okay
couldn't you be by my new thing do you
have wine last we do again Lisa I don't
know if anybody else wants anything I
just opened up beer but thank you
Caroline plenty refused to play the game
okay yeah it's very important Jay gets
his wine yes Jam rolling for you to see
if you go first
Rolo 5g tied you tied me jus just got
another side okay Jay got another phone
I mean well JC this is a good question
okay so Jay these these are starships
are your roads you remember there is oh
so the starships go I don't need a
refresher on this now okay I mean if you
want to do it for sure
well yeah for everyone these are called
outposts which were the settlements so
those go on the corners when you can
build a star base which was the city you
put the little saucer on top and that
becomes a star base a little yeah
where's the bar great so Jack's going
first everybody gets to place two one
starships and two outposts so Jack's
going first he's going to place a
starship in an outpost then rich will
place one then the old place one that is
a place both of mine because I've laughs
then we go back around back to Jack once
everyone is a place two of each
Jack will roll and
so if anyone was touching where's the to
somewhere where is it - where's the - oh
right here so if anyone has a starbase
on the - they would get this which is
food this is a food planet this is an
oxygen planet
this is tritanium the green is dilithium
the blue is water and then when it's
your turn you can build or trade with
people pardon me for a second shuttle
your face thank you for subscribing also
gay 4j thank you for subscribing your
username we know we appreciate you
subscribing I thought you were just
telling me to shut my face it was a
perfect busy one in that that
subscription we're talking almost ended
your marriage no everything's fine
ladies good things back up hey what are
you doing no I broke the internet I'm
gonna go first for Jack so I remember
that what is the equivalent of roads
roads are suspicious yep and now these
everyone has a special card and you want
to read it there's a special ability you
can use so everyone is different and you
can use it twice after you use it the
first time and it's on your turn any
time during your turn after you used it
once you turn it over if you want to use
it again you can use it a second time or
if you've used it once and you don't
want it anymore you can put it in here
and take any other one you want so
there's some really cool ones there's
one where I think you have Spock I you
up Spock I think does that that gives
you a resource if
role if any production role is not a
seven and you receive no resources take
any one resource card of your choice
yeah so that's cool if you don't get any
just take one yeah which is awesome but
only twice right but you can always grab
that card again later if it's available
there's no limit on how many times you
can take it if it's in there okay and
see and I have Laura I can force people
to trade with me to people and return
but I have to ask for the same thing I
can't say oh you know give me a
tritanium and give me a teller thing and
I have to get the same thing from both
people it's not that's pretty cool
what do you have rich I've got Sulu who
lets you remove a ship and Jack has
Scotty for starship building one time is
on your turn when building a starship
you can replace one dilithium or
titanium with any other resource of your
choice okay can I have one of your ships
that you owe and rich could you get a
ship back on your name and please this
is or else how will people know this is
gonna be weird good cuz I know how to
play regular Catan now pretty well but
there's getting readjusted to expand
your horizons getting adjusted to like
that just like that everything's a
different color you know like yeah well
I'm the different names for basic things
right let's say it's all the same
recipes yeah I don't build things yeah
but in just in the the training bases
are here to the port's so like there's
two to one water three one anything last
time we played I mixed up water and
oxygen so I thought that was gonna be so
great and I was like this water base
here then there were two oxygens like oh
this is gonna be great so I thought it
was oxygen and I put like everything
my oxygen so 2 to 1 and then I realized
when it was too late they didn't match
you got stuck on the quarter
yeah then I did not end well for you no
I just messed with other okay so we
ready to go oh no wait we have to
replace them Oh for crying out loud
oh listen uh the stream is working great
your OS your GoPro yeah I have my go for
anyone curious I have my GoPro basically
duct-taped to a school and my microphone
right next to it HDMI out into the HDMI
capture device going into the computer
streaming out this is madness it's a
little madness but it kind of works ok
so I'm gonna say it works let's see here
what's good what's good so it's
incredibly exciting for people right no
I mean nothing but acted so early on on
the game you need a lot of greens and a
lot of reds but later in the game you
need a lot of whites and a lot of Blues
so I think I'm gonna place here alright
done done in the regular one you do two
roads to start with right well you know
you only get to place one of each at a
time so you place one ago then that goes
around and then it comes back that rich
a place window place when Lisa Lisa will
place to the new obvious one dinar to
not please last so because I got to
place first I also place last I see
balance and God all right I'm gonna go
what do you mean how do I make this shit
there's more work more complicated how
it works
Cyrus you go no you're not sorry at all
Jack mm-hmm don't pretend you're sorry
to me like that you can see half of the
cookie yeah
here these legs they're very they're
very thin and dry I am I'm going to do
it I'm going to do it all right
I must start way down away from all of
you guys that's fine
yes Wiley 20 if the GoPro Falls which
it's very likely will yeah will be very
funny all right
okay that's fine
do we have more the old plastic faces
yes yeah I got a ton of stuff here with
nothing to hurt no it's not more by rich
Chuck no reason I could not blow up my
own boarding party in this game that is
an F don't try I will try to blow up my
own boarding party like I will fail
you'll watch me fail a lot I'm not very
good at strategy in general really I
just hope I get lucky don't
benson's J they're saying in the chat
that you come over to someone's house to
play games and you bring treats that
you're a real class act
and I want to go ahead and agree with
them not nobody treats but why because
it's the holiday season so I'm being
classy that's you know if it was any
other day Jay would just say fuck off
admittedly they are failed cookies so
the first bench that's the first time
I've ever made cookies completely by
myself yeah I've never done it before
oh but I would try it so J again
I mean I mean good on you for trying
yeah oh and I don't have to connect with
where no okay that's a good question
darker sausage you guys call it a water
fountain drinking fountain or bubbler
water fountain water fountain a Butler
bubbler bubbler is the one thing when I
moved to Milwaukee like as I've adjusted
from being in Illinois and calling it
pop and now I'm in Milwaukee a cult so
it uh yeah that was a gradual transition
but I've never transitioned to calling
it a bubbler know if I want that water
trade I can I can go right there right
well you know you don't have to go here
you have to go here cuz they have to be
at least one that's fine I mean that's I
can put one yes yeah water aid yeah
absolutely this is this is risky that's
a risky maneuver
it's a risky minute well I got this oh
yeah okay that was not me if I did here
I'm it was blue last night we played I
was blue and looking at the blue pieces
and I'm thinking if only like something
they've only got the color coded ship
next tier thing which color you are rich
here that would be less done everything
I do is dump dump dump dump rich when I
have to play Sarek this looks like Brian
Cox but I know that's not right I don't
remember his name that looks just like
Brian Cox suruc plays Erick even herself
actually I played with less time I feel
very stupid very stupid
you played a who okay I'm still I'm
still
oh you're reeling me from your reeling
from my gasp from your mistake sorry no
this looks so much more bulky than the
regular Catan Reeves said oh yeah you
guys can see this the little ships it's
really cool like the little detail but
it does make it a little more unwieldy
yeah than just a strip yeah a little
strip of wood yeah I don't have many
options here there you're right no
you're absolutely right I don't have any
green kind of very much so just did the
beginning of the game oh no and I'm not
placing this first so I can go here yes
yes okay
and
I was gonna say I don't like you
undermining me but you know just
undermined undermining another my ninety
undermining okay you said undermined the
other minor was the ship moving card
said you okay I have a shipbuilding card
I'm one time I might there and win build
oh I suppose I can go now place my eyes
yes okay you want to move ships already
huh phone I'm just curious
okay we were all the - hey all right
array huzzah I get food is there anyone
- yeah I think so okay well then I can't
do shit with food screw this game rigs
already six jackets
oh my good oh and I think no I get
something change thank you very much I
appreciate that
you're welcome demo weasel wants to know
how often we play board games
whenever possible whenever possible yeah
thank you for it I get three oh I get
agreed - oh my gosh uh yeah Lisa and I
play board games often we usually try to
have people over every other week for a
regular board game thing ten Rachel
stops coming when we got a cat but I
guess we proved him wrong oh I get a
thing guts going nuts no I will not show
you my house so you can further involve
yourself in my personal life
we showed you the cat isn't that enough
I think that's enough if maybe if
someone subscribes well show it will
flip the cat over so you can see his
face would my agree okay who's got wide
you got yeah I'm just gonna kind of move
my car together so you guys can see what
I got working um I'm just seeing if
anyone has rent if I can trade anyone no
nobody has that shit hi you get a water
and Manny the very king wants us to talk
about x-men Days of Future past
oh I told everyone 7th we disappear for
it well it's like these if you smells
really things you should talk about with
a seventh the Klingon ship oh that's
right we have actual game stuff to talk
about this is oh that's right that's
like the theme yes you put it in footage
I can put it someone somewhere and steal
something from them and you know we can
bribe you to not put it on us
don't you have anything I want see what
you got yeah I don't even have anything
I think I'm gonna hold off on the thief
or no you know no you have to have to me
you could you could put it just some
random like yeah you can put it right
here that won't affect anyone yeah okay
I'm just gonna have to move it a stir
it's too early to start you're so nice
you bring clothes and then stealing oh
yeah I'm starting off wait it gets worse
oh hey biscuit no relation thank you for
hey we really appreciate it here's the
version of the thief in this game it's a
it's a Klingon
d7 creature am I am i incorrect about
the name on that one yeah I don't know
little bit ability of there now
honestly okay so in this game if you
have any for one resource you can trade
it in for any other resource so I'm
gonna trade this in for a water here's a
food here is a oxygen and I would like a
development card please okay don't look
at the screen right now yeah the water
back but everywhere was like no you're
right here I think no I was never there
was it going this way so oh yes I think
I think sure sure sure it's fine oh no
you're done oh just for that J
everyone's showing their crocodile
brands shovel up Jam let's do what are
you my heart might say no cars watch me
shuffle
alright I've got another green yeah I
yeah I'm gonna if you give me five um
you can build oh yeah I'm gonna build
ownership where do I want to put
where where do I go what is my move well
you know don't forget about these lovely
cards the longest supply route which is
the longest road and the largest
Starfleet which is the largest army for
the regular cuz it's all fine but I'm
going here
well all right then jano is your turn
okay oh we both get green with it don't
fit green oh and there's a floor over
here
oh that's a good question how many subs
well it takes to read that don't don't
YouTube comments I love that comment I
quoted all day long well we just got a
mister a 2 a.m. thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it I mean I just
don't know how we can uninstall this
that's gonna be a problem
9 okay who's red I did install Catan
yeah there's spikes in this game
where's the other 9 you do I get a girl
to on the red oh yes you do dumb fat
skinny fuck and you also get a fool way
over there
that's red oh you get a food I should
have taken that and not said anything
hey I'm not getting I'm gonna try to uh
okay you have red they're rich no turret
card give the red card there yes you do
you're a force of training uh yeah I
think so I'm going to give you this
oxygen for that red one all right I'm
gonna build a starship
okay well I'm going to whoever asked if
if we're gonna start reviewing board
games for previously recorded we might
feel like it we like board games that's
why we called it previously recorded in
that video game central whatever the
hell we want we wanted to be open we
like board games general yeah that's a
fine spot alright I was limited eight
okay I can't do it oh wait my turn
Oh on my turn I can so I'm gonna use my
Scottie card check that out what a
handsome man I can replace any resource
to to build a starship so I have a try
Taney Amanda food we're gonna make a
starship out of food and we're gonna
keep moving here we're gonna keep on
keep on
go that way okay turn him over Madison
okay ah ji Michelle wants you to know
that pork pork in space was awesome oh
thank you
Jeff do you have any resources on I have
no reason okay okay one time we watched
pork pork in this space
is that the one we watched on Christmas
Day my parents no that's crazy it was
like right after it came out on DVD and
we were talking about it no I can we see
it I said no you don't want to see it
was Christmas have you seen it at that
point no no I know okay so you were
aware of the full frontal nudity no okay
thanks for a wonderful Christmas it was
pre kiss yeah I would have been worse I
suppose and there's large children in
the room right because I don't think
there was any swearing if I remember
right so there's nothing to indicate
that anything you know adult is gonna
happen
right well I mean everyone was saying
the biggest cuss word of all okay I'm
thinking everything's rich but my walk
in life this is not the time or the
place
dig neutral I'm eating the cookie slowly
I'm say I'm savoring the cookie and I
kind of like it but this is slowly being
consumed being consumed oh sure that's a
good idea okay someone wanted me to flip
yeah I see upside down in the stream and
I guess that makes sense I wanted them
kind of facing
well there's only one of those Hey a
gipsy danger thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate what do they get
old the a gipsy danger hangout water
Thanks um okay and then I can flip my
card right any production rule that is
not a seven did you receive no resource
oh yeah take any wonder okay so I'm
gonna take what do you want this and
then I'm gonna put a ship on the J how
do you think we are on new key levels oh
we almost have enough almost everywhere
else is there a couple more and we'll be
good okay um J I'm gonna make you give
me your food oh okay give me your food
you keep the water yeah oh I used my
horror card wish it was 12 years ago I
don't know yeah I make J that's still
upside I'm probably good at it I mean I
J has to trade with me he has no choice
that's great so I'm gonna get a
development card and
clem Fandango yes you can be a crewman
on my ship you're on this ship right
here okay you're on the ship and I hope
you do well you her as power should be
to do an awkward striptease when she's
well into her sixties
oh did you that's in six is that really
does that distracting striptease or five
five there makes sense if it's in five
because it's horrible yeah
Oh in the Star Trek movie yes she's
trying to destroy sailors so she does
this this seductive fan dance but she's
like 60 years old it's not good is that
one no that's yeah everybody knows it is
the whale one after cowards who's gonna
know if you're all seven and you have
eight or more cards you have to buy me
get rid of happily yes oh so I get to
move the Klingon food but nobody has a
spoon um so who's winning right now so
right now rich has two points think
we're all the same right all the same
yeah everyone has two points these are
points there's an app you can get to
track Catan scores you should get it and
I should put it yeah I just came from
playing regulars you can just make it
earlier today yeah it's not on it yes i
won oh good congratulations thank you it
J I'm gonna damn it because why not it's
already there let me shuffle my two
guards I'm shuffling them okay
flip them over okay this is not get this
one to come over and relax
sitting that's fine yeah what you want
target object I know - well now I'm
playing the game I'm gonna have them
over here I got play game I'll see what
I can knock over and they have 40 guests
oh no no half work half Thanksgiving
related stuff so make a cookies you know
that's hard work it is one I've never
done it before
they're from scratch
yeah yeah so I did that I'm gonna
prepare some other food for tomorrow I'm
in charge of the green bean casserole
so you've made a casserole and yes this
is what I do with my life now okay ten I
get water is that the only ten I'm being
told that day if Yuri watched network
after your recent usual oh no I did not
I haven't had time to I still want to
isn't it that Network here's the one
where they're like yeah windows yeah
it's a great movie
I don't know if I've ever seen it I just
know that so good I'm upgrading to a
starbase when you upgrade to a star base
all right so everybody like you just put
this on top around it kind of looks
really neat
showing everybody how neat it looks yeah
hands off my starving sorry I don't want
it to die Jade you have a date for the
annual our along stream no I don't have
a date I don't know we're playing yet
hey stupid eat like always benefit to
you yes that's why I like it I can't do
shit I just roll again I fell off the
team
yes oh yeah oh yeah okay oh that's
exciting
oh you want something yes I want
something okay and that can't say I'm
gonna put down another ship are we know
you can only do two at a time
right no but you can you can go as many
maybe 100 yeah and I'm not well you had
their suite at least two in between
before you can put another okay outpost
in but that you could I mean you could
put another one here and put now
postponed you can't put an outpost here
because this one time right right okay
okay well I'm gonna put down a shit yeah
and I'm gonna go I want to go in this
direction I'm going on the outskirts
outskirt no what did you do 700 do you
have yes you made cards finally get rid
of half of them
it is funny when other people do bad at
the game that's it any game really right
can't really help them alright what
would I have left
oh I just think I might retain iam left
that's really hard to get and I get to
move the thing I'm a bobber Oh the
Klingon yes what - well Jay she's my
best shot of getting into lithium is
from you because that's all you have
yeah you could just give it to me and I
won't put the thing on you oh you just
put the thing on you I'm gonna give it -
thanks there you go okay then I will put
single a 
it's a stratagem yeah okay so I'm going
to send some cars on the build a yep
here and I'm going to use my McCoy card
I can swap in something else for buying
a development card and I get to look at
the top three pick the one I want and
then shuffle the rest back in it's
awesome okay all right okay here we go
eight yes John Key OJ's battleship has
been sunk
yeah are you done jack I am done again I
cannot do anything
please retarget metaphorically
this is frustrating to people that can't
see our cards I think they don't know
what our deep Oh
maybe if you like I don't know if it
matters that much about look like an
error like Jen I'd like to try it for
this room over here
my accident for Olivia I would take I
need that that's finding the out there
I'll give you two to look in oh this you
well know what I'll give you a Duluth
team for your oxygen ah show enough all
right you snooze you lose I don't know
if that helped at all but that's okay I
think a minor visible yeah here's a
visible rich you can kind of just move
everything closer to me and then they
can see what cards you have in your hand
like if you move continue to get nothing
I will then upgrade to another Starbase
did everyone see in the Jurassic world
teaser trailer you know what I haven't
like I was thinking because they were
asking about us they were asking us
about that last stream and I was like um
I should really watch that and I decided
I don't care yeah that's the appropriate
response yeah that doesn't bad Starfleet
intervenes doesn't look terribly
interesting okay did they show the
dinosaurs at all they show some and I
think the CG looks worse than it did
1994 or 93 what did that movie come out
now 94 are we in any mark yeah we were
talking we look that up no that's okay
yeah hey oh that's not
so look that crazy brat he's boring on
the teaser doesn't have anything
interesting to do so I mean it's a TM
make it work
no make your work I don't care is the
thing that's really the thing do they
own or something important do the
dinosaurs have feathers no they don't no
okay fine this could not be getting
worse honestly I am I just don't even I
don't know what I can do okay I'm gonna
use my other Scotty card and take a
dilithium and of water and build a
starship and do this and then I want to
take the oh did you eat to someone else
have that card what what's the card that
lets you move a ship oh that's something
you have this to look at all I wanted
that how about a kirkegaard Kirk is one
any 7s role you may immediately use this
advantage if you have more than some
resources otherwise taking one resource
integers hey Kirk card that's my turn
alright five five
you know I get one there okay so who's
down there you you guys I get two
oranges where are you what's your fact
know you have Tennessee's oh it's a base
yes I don't remember these things oh can
you just give them to me no cuz I want
them that's a good question oh that is
an oxygen oh okay
oh you silly cheap I'm just
disinterested in what's happened before
no I just forgot how the game was played
I guess okay so four that's four oh okay
don't like it what type of thing all
right here's the thing
Olivia all right there any other things
and stuff no upper fours right oh okay
okay I guess I'm gonna do my card again
I'm going to get it developing cards I
get to look at the top three picks one
that is good occur it's gone well but
this is this riveting for people I mean
it apparently anything they're talking
about a drastic Barksdale's so okay I
don't think that Karen thanks going to
hear us hate on Jurassic Park it's gonna
be fine I don't know I'm not gonna hate
on it but the trailer just didn't do
anything they lost me with a new
genetically engineered hybrid dinosaur
monster now we've got a bigger dinosaurs
hey oh it's loose in the park and now
we're basically just breathing in the
first movie I remember when the first
Jurassic Park furthered the cause of
paleontology ah and now they're shitting
on it
sure sure they made they like actually
did some real science
I ruined everything basically okay seven
who's got what nobody's got more than a
car it's great okay
seven no everyone it seems tough yeah no
one has any food or any hid and well I
guess then I'll just put it oh well
that's important because that hurts the
most people I know now I have two oxygen
GZ Louise II great rich alright twelve
where is it bear oh that's water
