Episode 131
K2... THE BOARD GAME (Part 1)
December 5, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he35eSvdqPc
___________________________________________

also for anyone so we're back on okay
for anyone curious Lisa one because she
had those victory point cards and if you
have enough victory point cards to get
to ten points you can just reveal them
on your turn and you win wasn't
understanding why she won I showed them
a victory point card earlier well I was
nowhere near close enough to winning
we've decided out what we're doing that
eat the goddamn cookie I am good cookie
you you all settle down
Oh put your uh that could be a Venture
Brothers reference what eat the cookie
eat the cookie
is it okay oh and by the way for
everyone who's saying yes we know that
the steam awesome sale has started today
and I'm very excited to look through all
the games that I will want to buy but
yes Steam sale started today so you can
get every game in existence for two
dollars it's just like their version of
a Black Friday pretty much you have to
have an annual they have an annual sale
thing and I mean they I mean damn sales
all the time Vegas summer sale they
befall sale never Winter Sale we're
playing 82 by the way so is this based
on that Harrison Ford movie absolutely I
saw was is spelunky on sale I wonder I
check now I usually don't know what
started today I know what's coming up
okay it started today it's going even I
mean
oh no that's k-12 dammit oh did you make
a batch - I made a bad joke
I'm so sorry Jay a saint is K to the
Widowmaker but it's k12 the Widowmaker
summary this oh well I'm just making up
words the camera closely yeah they can
see it yeah it's better like that if
that's okay for you guys but you have to
climb it upside down I'm actually
climbing down that's all that's it's a
lot more skill yeah Oh who's k-19 that's
a 12 because that's something that's a
that's a grade in school that might be
what I'm thinking of actually that's my
name's Amy all right whatever
rich who sings spelunky is spunky's
eight bucks right now but it'll probably
be a flash sale later on but right now
it's eight bucks you really need to
place Blanca I want to how much is it
normal
fifteen I think so right now it's eight
and they have like these kind of flash
sales really for the next hours this
game is a penny sheriff you know yeah
it's insane it's beautiful it's terrible
cuz it just makes you want to buy games
and you will never play these games they
they know what they're doing
yes oh sure they know exactly okay who
wants color
how does they can't bring it so market
oh well I mean you see how it's hooked
up there doesn't seem like it was quite
that crooked before but it might be
slowly moving slowly moving that's fine
but we're gonna try to make this as even
as we can for anyone who likes things
nice and even
Jack will come on go for that Wes
Anderson framing that's what I'm trying
for I'm trying for deads right there
Jake you were not ready I am ready oh I
think I was ready in the last game so
Jay I've said you are green I will
gladly be green deck with you eat a
little bit of a cookie remember what I'm
doing here okay okay so this game here's
the little pieces we're gonna represent
these pieces
oh you brewing the board who someone
hope I've earned it further oh my god
you guys oh that's good no it's gonna be
rounded on the edges because it's a
GoPro camera just a little bit but we
can still get it Center okay so here's
squiggly guy pretty exciting
squiggly guys climbing the mountain with
smooth edge guy all right did you want
to beat you do one of each so again
squeeze I can smooth out you got it and
then we have a smooth tent very
important and squiggly tent these are
the pieces for this game and then we
have dots and I don't remember what the
dots do but figure it out oh that's
right the dots go on your where's my red
quick the dots go on your board and this
is your oxygen meter right well I should
probably be okay and if you run out of
oxygen
then you die yeah put this next year
name
there's all the little numbers you start
with how much huh that's a good question
one I think no wait no no wait
okay okay I got to put too much my guys
down here right okay yeah go on the ones
it's start seventh one yeah it's crazy
town why would you start with so little
oxygen um it's a fine amount you're
winded from traveling to the mountain oh
why sure I suppose I mean drive a car am
i right so in this game the basics the
basics is you're trying to climb up the
mountain and you need to get as high as
you can
to get points and then stay alive
basically and you'll see like these red
points they take away oxygen and these
other things are movement points so it
cost three movement points to get up
there and you lose two oxygen just for
being here so you have to build up your
oxygen move up the mountain and then
stay alive and have the most points at
the end of game and if you die you lose
what are the colors mean red horn and
blue so blue is you've gained an oxygen
point for being on this okay so the
lower number is oxygen points bluesy
gate one red as you lose an oxygen point
for being on the right level
oh it's orange the orange our movement
points and so to go from this space to
this space cost you to my okay that's
right now and green flags green flags
are your points
so as you see over here okay it was your
guys so like just being here that means
you have two points if you move up to
this one you get three four five six
seven ten to get to the peak so also
something I didn't remember is so moving
from this face to that this base will
cost you two movement points also moving
from this base back down to this will
cost you two movement points
right very important August Elvis is
saying he's taking bets 5 to 1 J gets
lost in the ones
it's trying to think of another is this
is this game based on the movie
k9 dog with Jim Belushi yes absolutely
k9 cannon cop oh damn it j-roc enough
all the cave related movie titles that's
two for two that you've missed so I
think there is an actual movie called k2
so is this based on the movie k2
I think it's actually a movie about
climbing about oh I bet don't listen
you're doing wonderful rich do you need
any more goldfish crackers I'm good
yogurt raisins Cheerios
I will take some filet mignon fresh hope
there is cliff hanger with so let's just
alone move it yeah nothing we called k2
but might have been like a completely
forgotten movie sure there's probably
about snowboarders and the most ninety
snowboarder movies okay how do we take
terms that's so that the player who was
most recently in the mountains takes the
starting player marker what I've never
been to a mountain I recently hiked up a
mountain so that's really how you start
it river is a kind of a boat and each
player that's weird that weird shuffles
his deck of cards and deals a hand of
six cards to yourself
keep your stack in front of you is your
own new deck yeah I hear you that you
would need a biscuit cam and I just well
put the camera on biscuit well would
quite okay to write strapped the camera
to his butt and call it life behind
biscuit Oh
that'd be great okay what's ideal
yourself six cards from your class from
your deck pile yes no we understand that
a mountain a tall mountain is called a
k2 yes we're we're well aware that we
kind of understand that using context
clues of beginning k2 is a movie with
Michael Bain Michael Biehn from
Terminator bi ehm yeah Michael Biehn the
Terminator
it looks like bang bang bang bang Oh put
this on whether the date little circles
okay then you get these cards everybody
and these cards give you things like
these blue ones give you oxygen points
these green one green ones give you
movement points and then you use these
cards to breathe or move it's pretty
exciting stuff
can you look at the cards you just felt
yourself yeah yes so you can choose
which ones you want to use yeah trying
to remember how to play this game the
gipsy danger said he's subscribed just
to Seabiscuit and you hack fronts
haven't delivered yet do you want to she
likes it can you see everybody look up
at the camera biscuit oh yeah it was a
pretty good look oh no he's looking at
me look at Jay look you're rich yeah
look at the camera there you go there's
biscuit biscuit care there you go
right yeah I just want to see they can
okay so I go first oh we all we all pick
cards at the same time everybody look at
your cards and choose the three that you
want to use and you put them down in
front of you don't face down now if you
have the highest point total you have to
take a handicap which is one of the use
okay if you have a split card where it
has a number and then a slash than
another number it's the first number
that we use to count so you want to you
want to have a high number so you can do
lots of stuff but not so high that you
have to take a handicap so if you can
always see what the handicaps are in
this case there's no risk you could take
the zero and nothing bad happens to you
or even taking a one it's not that bad
there's some twos in here
thank you remember there's any threes
right so yeah let's move Oh Jay where's
your guides there you need some guys
over here okay oh and this is the
weather these cards are the weather car
okay so you put the three that you wanna
play in one spot and we'll all flip them
over at the same time you're never ready
okay I have five six five or pick a
handicap my handicap will be zero
thank you what are we understanding okay
okay great so now I'm going to use three
mm right that's right I'm going to take
three movement points and move smoothie
free places one two three and give
smoothie two oxygen points smoothie goes
one two that's my turn and I think
according to the directions we keep our
own discard piles like these are our
cards oh okay okay great
we don't shuffle bagging so maybe you
want to put them face up so it makes
enough and then but should we always
have you curves yeah and it'd take three
more often oh no because no no no of the
initial six you have three left over
yeah okay one two three four five well
I'll take smoothie and there's gonna be
six and because oh you can't you can't
get split no you can't split a card so
you'll get split you know it's a four
and - yeah Mon but you can't split a
card
Oh for crying out loud we're very sorry
we did not oh you're right we should
give our climbers names instead of
smooth and curvy you're right
next time we go that's our job just to
give our climbers names give them
personalities what time what was the guy
who just for cover night when finding
Club and finding gold those are you guys
oh my god anyone used to read their
names they don't forget okay so I have
to four all together and that's wrinkly
so I move this up yeah you wait till the
end though you know what the end of
everyone's turn because everyone should
have their oxygen points on their ones
yeah
and just leave them there for now and
then at the end we take care of weather
and Oh things unless you used cards if
you get used cards to get oxygen you do
that right away
so I think these cards that I just use
night yeah okay I'm going to I'm gonna
move Clem this tells how many people can
be on the spot per level so since we
have four players three people can be on
there okay you know at the end of the
turn you do weather and you do oxygen so
today the weather is just fine so
nothing bad happens to anybody and then
anyone who is now on a space with a one
oxygen you get to move yourself but now
that was the end of a turn so the the
pick gets passed to rich and now the
weather is different today
you lose one oxygen point if you are
above 7000 above 707 thousand - yeah in
this area I would just lose an oxygen
point in addition to whatever the resin
effect and then it gets really bad the
next few days after that but only above
7000 okay okay so now we look at our
cards again radio oh wait oh you know
rich is way ahead of us okay
I'm also ready to go yeah okay three six
yeah so I have the most points and so I
take the hit but to zero so I'll take a
zero what are these oh oh so the next
person who takes a hit has to choose
between a one or two dun-dun-duh okay
rich your move do you want to name your
people wrinkly spine who's available
[Applause]
skyress home z h o l MZ y MZ palsy is
moving up here okay
and then I'm giving two oxygen to home Z
okay that's great um should write down
names on the contract I already did
nitro cell RIT and wrote them down I got
home zine how's that spelled just
exactly just week right hol MZ y MZ y
yeah
only Houston wrinkly dude is their homes
in your so wrinkly give me give me
somebody else
how about guts going nuts guts geo easy
G UTS and nuts is a new TV
Gus going geo lion GOI ng so spell that
yeah going and nu TZ yep and he's he's
mr. smooth okay okay great
alright so I got three
go one two three great that's it okay
I'm gonna give Clem two oxygens Jay
would you like some subscribers to name
your people after oh sure cuz I see a
couple people asking how about Ella hon
drunks let spell that right al e JN d r
o X okay and Elvis delvis who's been
with us for a while
okay Alejandra X is wrinkly what's the
other Elvis Elvis which is just the name
I like to say just Elvis's or a dash or
anything a good question with capital
letters where do we go it's almost Elvis
don't know alright okay so I got Ellen
on drugs is wrinkly and Elvis Elvis is
smooth my name for myself by the way
smoothie is Dick the birthday boy and
Kirby is octo jr. moderator okay all
right oh it's my turn so I'm going to
move let's see here octa J into this and
move him three spaces one two three and
move-move dick the birthday boy to use
two points to move him there and then up
though Jays oxygen by to what to feel we
should remind that if you are over six
oxygens at the end of your turn you go
back down to six so you're gonna for
like you know get up to ten we need for
the rounds over you have to go back down
to six okay some reason for first-timers
well cuz you can't cuz even harder okay
now we're in it so yeah okay nobody's in
the bad your yeah danger danger zone
what's column one blue finger that's the
technical man okay
hey yeah you passed the pic to Jay
that's it and what do I do with the pic
no that's Jesus
move first assignments Oh rich the
material sheep would like to know what
your favorite Thanksgiving dishes maybe
that's a good question for everyone
what's what's that Ron's favorite
Thanksgiving tight food mashed potatoes
half a dozen gravy yeah yeah don't like
ham that much really yeah it's good
that's quick yeah first of all that's
crazy
cuz great but you know that's fine it's
like meat but kind of sweet and funny
tasting I don't I mean you're crazy yeah
that's crazy what you're saying that
that's you laugh but it's true
absolutely positively true Jay do you
have a favorite thanks guys
I've honestly never thought about it
there are only Turkey I like Turkey
I think it's tasty and it's lean turkeys
good for you all right that's good Lisa
do you have a favorite right that's why
I'm distracting from the game I really
like ham it's not you know you don't
always have it so we're having it
tomorrow and I'm really happy about that
yeah it's pretty good good like him
usually we deep-fry a turkey which is
the greatest way to experience oh yeah
you always do that don't you
we're not doing it this year because I
left my deep fryer to my brother but you
know what food I love from Thanksgiving
that you never eat normally stuffing
yeah that's the thing I love so much and
I only have it once a year
uh-huh I should have it we couldn't we
don't have to just have it you can make
it whenever you want I just buy I know
you can hit a cookies for breakfast if
you want I know I'm an adult you turn
adult but yeah but around here you have
to eat them in secret that's true or
else I want cookies for breakfast that's
true okay do we all have our cards yes
great well I didn't know we're showing
for the camp oh it's there are ladders
but for their watch mine too
so seven yeah seven takes it take a one
okay so now I gotta move my guys right
that's what's happening
yeah who's wrinkly that's Alan I want a
son Alejandra 'qs
Alejandra when we hit three okay well
Clem and three no I got uh some flags
here so I get to move this up to the
three yeah these are basically like
point markers it's that easy point and
then I'm gonna move this guy just two
instead of three so that he eats up my
penalty as I could eat everything so
specs of this cookie
we did not talk about tents tents
we got tents I forgot what they were so
at any point you can spend the amount of
movement points it takes to get here for
example if you're in this space you can
spend two movement points and build a
tent and if your guy is on that space it
blocks you from one weather- point okay
so if if you are here and you spend two
to build a tent and you're on that space
you don't get affected by that one okay
and oh that's great nice each guy can
build one ten
so if I wanted to you know I got the
little tent here but once
Fandango comes up he can use the tent -
okay and once you build your tent it
stays there you cannot move your tent
got it okay is it mine - yeah okay
that's great so I'm going to move
octa J on two points and I have one of
those weird 0 along point guards suck my
guy ain't breathin I'm so waste those
are ways so I'm wasting it now wow it's
really all right well I am moving home
z1 and then soon I'll be giving him to
do their son costs - okay I gotcha I
gotcha I was saying the number on the
car - we were not count
Oh No oh it was both yes it worked out
that way I gotcha
said it okay so anybody give yourself
air if you learn title to it nobody is
above 7000 so nobody gets hit nobody's
on a red space so okay so pick
that's a good a little cookie they taste
better when you eat them over the course
of four hours until a gratification
great okay I'm still thinking
Oh God me too oh no this is a tough one
that's okay it's been it's very it's
very do they move the weather no I don't
think I did anything above 8,000 is
really really bad yeah rich can't steal
my cookie you would kill him yes yes
peanut butter cookies are for anyone
asking for rich to steal my cookie first
of all why are you asking for it to see
my cookie second of all you can't this
is as close to facecam as you're getting
you get handcancer
all right all right yeah yes five so it
doesn't matter yes but five over six
Ives you have to take a penalty would
you like eight one or two I'll take a
walk okay there's ever a tide nothing
bad happens to anybody okay so what do I
do with so basically you get one less
point than you thought you did I can do
it on whichever okay absolutely
dammit now they're saying the hand cam
is lewd what I was just doing a middle
finger yeah oh you're doing a middle
finger oh yes you would be this I was
doing this oh I didn't even notice I was
I thought you were doing like a like a
Sistine Chapel what kind of thing no so
I was just flipping everybody off so I'm
gonna go here get myself a victory point
there you go Clem great great all right
yeah I'm making or making moves here
dick the birthday boy is moving up one
and all them he's moving up all them
because I've one two five one two five
great dick the birthday boy is now at
the two flag very very exciting if you
die your guy goes all the way back to
base camp
Yap to zero that's it okay okay I'm
going one and then three and then homes
east three and then guts going nuts just
up one there oh so now you are
climbing mountains it's daddy it's
happening
I do feel like this needs like a generic
metal soundtrack yeah your name cracker
my name yeah that was unnerving oh okay
some of you think of my very intuitive
and I'm gonna take that's wrinkly that's
Alejandro I'm gonna go so that's what
for all together one two three four
right that's how these work oh look at
that says to the gases okay yeah okay so
I'm gonna do that and I might give I'm
gonna give him a nothing too great and
that's it things yeah you can think
whether it doesn't affect anyone no not
this time
so okay I now rich and I are on a one so
we have to take our guys down one and
oxygen oh yeah my goes up one two and
octave do you go up one and Dick the
birthday boy you're fine thanks fine
thanks everything's great
so whatever you don't use in this hand
you have to use in the next hand cuz we
only have six cards left right right
oh they're saying we need to make a song
called curse of the Sherpa it's the
curse on us sure I disapprove yeah
wow so you disapprove so much makeup the
weather like weather next turn is just
clear right uh yeah but we have no idea
what the weather will be like right in
two days yes dun dun dun that's fine
sure you say so now
all right oh I am ready to go man okay
everybody get ready to shop
ok ok thanks hey sweet boy the bridge oh
that's fun
would you like a 1 or a 2 I'll take what
we got a 0 we got 0 who's got the bid
still you yeah yeah yes that's me
I did I do change the stream name
someone double-check that I change the
stream ma'am
it should be K 2 now but I guess I don't
know I mean what does it matter what
does it matter nothing matters shut up 3
I have 3 movement points and so dick the
birthday boy is moving up 1 2 3
making a move I'll check through this
stream name what are the little one
those are picture yeah that one you move
your Oh guys oh yeah three see what's
your big league i oh yeah I changed the
name of this game in science
it's called k2 the board game
I just want to make extra sure at the
end of this turn its if there's no
weather penalty at all right right no on
this turn right now if you go up here
you're gonna be hit with a big butter
penalty well no but if that would have
changed my strategy entire life I'm
upset now but the next alright alright
I'm found it it is this is a confounded
that's not what I would have done
something different
definitely um Shh so I was given false
information by you what by you I said at
the end of this turn no penalty right
that's that oh okay okay
fine I'm not trying this Sabbath I was
sabotage I mean yeah I was sabotage
surged I might have just said yeah fine
- what are you saying I was so focused
on like hardened think you did yeah you
knowing what you're doing is not her
responsibility just go for it if you
don't you die that's life
and then it's not but you know what at
least you died on a cardboard
representation with your wrinkly life
okay hopefully Ivana saying this chakra
is on Netflix three four yeah it has
been for a while oh my goodness I can
move this everyone should see show no
problem
yeah shock must been on Netflix for a
while now great I don't know how much
longer it'll be there because they're
always getting rid of stuff great all
right wait everyone an add or subtract
so it's just
okay - three homes he loses three oxygen
two three and dictabird only loses one
one you lose three when you're in yeah
okay you're fine and technically octo J
would gain one cuz he's down here but at
the end of your turn you have to go back
to six no matter what Omega six oh and
rich you get okay okay so I mean
whatever you have you have to play so
six four eight Wow I'll take that single
penalty no problem
rich do it I can't do anything with that
one movement point is so good
the heck with that and then I get five
oxygen I'm just gonna do want to
up - I'm glad but I thought everyone's
talking about like seeing the best of
the worst so I'm finding them on YouTube
and Netflix oh yeah I'm glad you guys
are finding them so you can share
they're apparently is a extended version
of Tammy and the t-rex on YouTube with
all the gore that was cut out of the US
release oh oh very it's shitty quality
and I've only skimmed through it but
it's there and there's a little bit more
more so okay
have you gotten around to directors
commentary of the item yet no no I yeah
I I got to work up to that to do that
like tomorrow
Wow well I'm thankful for the item DVD I
want to listen to that directors is
something I'm very interested very
explicit something we thought were cool
no chose this shot cuz I thought it
looked cool oh he's the kind of guy who
would specifically reference I just want
to know what all the flying is we still
be what was on the end of the last photo
we we were nothing happened it was clear
so did Matt yeah we were spirit still we
didn't have that term because I just
said the term right took off three for
that guy that was here okay you still
have them okay yeah so yeah everyone go
up or down your action points so rich
and I have to go down one for each other
guys a boatload of oxygen points so I
just go back to 6 we don't shovel are
only shuffle shuffle a drum deck shuffle
your own simple you're on deck Jay
Bowman's beard is saying he showed
tanning the t-rex to a friend who was in
love with Paul Walker and they were
terrified as India and now they're not
in love with Paul Walker anymore no
that was probably what his first movie I
you know what I mean he was so excited
to get that part yeah who's so happy to
be working on a feature it's got to hang
out with Denise Richards come on
yeah I bet she was excited to get that
part they were nobodies okay today the
weather is really nice
these are sim cards over and over again
yeah yeah really yeah what's all this
the same ground well if you think of if
you think about climbing a mountain it
would see er I figured we would shut the
main deck and get a whole new bat Shh
that says we have because then you get
Delta Joe up kind of a bad hand in the
frankly and you just you're screwed over
and over before we go let me check on
this so Mac official rules check the
Official Rules okay save rich this is
what they're saying you're doing well
for it Hey look cookie I'm gonna leave
that little crumb there just for you
guys just to annoy everybody
I mean okay let's find anything
screaming's coming I mean just we'll
just see what it would seem to make
sense that way to me it would well then
like but let's say you get you can adult
that initial time eight zero cars for
oxygen then you would be you would be
doomed to repeat that and then somebody
who had like five you know go up three
swim I have a ton of move and it seems
right that you would be shuffled isn't
it yep okay three more cards to have six
in their hands if there are no more
cards to draw then in the next turn
players will have only three cards of
way only when the players have no parts
left in their hands do they shuffle
their cards and draw six new cars okay
they are Delta shitty hand that's just
the way yes sorry sorry okay and also
everybody the weather is really crummy
everywhere from here up tomorrow okay
- but at the end of the end of this
terms it's fine right now and it's clear
sailing for the rest of the week it's
not I mean yeah it's not that bad news
one none of those nasty twos no rich
sneezes sometimes that wasn't
necessarily biscuit related everyone's
very worried cuz rich sneeze sneezing is
enough voluntary human reaction it
happens sometimes I don't know I don't
know you don't look as if you're about
to die if those are a normal cat I'd be
dying right now I guess I've never seen
Richard Lee the the atmosphere of normal
cats it's not a pretty sight
right so the fact that he died was the
entire production of feeding frenzy
everywhere every place we shot had cats
Oh
the terminator thing I mean you kind of
got that right yeah happens like almost
every time we play a board game
okay good
don't don't look at my cards don't is it
a genetically engineered a hybrid cat
it's a Siberian cyborg
it's a scientist a sidebar cat's a
cyborg it's a Cylon
okay right ready five six G Oh nobody oh
who is the thing I pick the pick did you
probably you all right I think you had
it last time yeah that you're like oh
okay oh oh
good night take a neutral thanks for
coming by take neutral yeah moves up to
his name that's the thing he's kind of
average is fine hey MA so if I have six
he's an African I do what can I do less
than that yeah like a fight okay I can't
do that for five oh no oh no he's still
here what she's still here everybody
stop talking about their good job he's
still here okay yeah is that what number
five
yeah days move up in the world world man
see oh okay my turn
I know this guy back down one why are
you because I can I will
oh did you forget to move or way is this
no that's still five that's still five
right yeah that's okay
all right okay I'm making a major move
here this is crazy
Oh oh my god I like it I like it
rich is making it up the mountain climb
climb you beautiful bastards live how do
you win the game just if one person gets
to the time most victory points at the
end point if there's a tie the tie goes
the person who made it to the top person
okay so after we're done with all the
weather it's over no matter where you
are in the mom you don't need to make it
back down yeah just after we get through
all the days whoever has the most points
that way
don't die just don't die all right okay
everybody's done is it no I haven't gone
oh okay it's your turn okay rich go
before you cuz he skipped me I thought
you want I'm it's not another way so oh
the whole game is fucked everything
alright alright good see like here's the
here's the action important thing like
up on the peak because we have four
players only one person can be on a spot
at a time yeah so
Fira and I'm not going up there but no
but if you did theoretically yeah okay
I'm gonna move guy up here five that
that stakes a birthday boy and we're
gonna finally move octo Jay one
take the birthday boy a little breathing
room I cannot obey this language well
he's he's the he's like the lazy one the
lazy one okay right no what am I gonna
do I think I'm gonna move up here okay
oh my god oh my god okay okay that's it
right hey take away your ass you and
then there's no weather today and the
weather moves okay no it's terrible
oh if you are anywhere above here things
are bad things with awfulness and you
can move backwards too yes okay yeah and
some cards have to be like little
up-and-down points and so you get like
different points for me oh yeah I'm down
which has a little loading screen
rendering thought what is life what is
mountain terrible mountain terrible
okay I'm ready for even rich honey
riches then you can keep waiting now we
are waiting I'm gonna check you check in
with the jab okay oh okay we're ready
nevermind Chet forgot hey yeah high five
three six eight
do you I'll take one point it okay okay
I'm gonna give some oxygen to Clem and
I'm also going to put Clem is going to
put a tent right here so I'm spending to
build tent and then I'm not doing it
this one said use it so they're great
okay so Victor birthday boy this Macon
is making a big head right here
thank you birthday boy is going up one
boom boom and I'm gonna give him three
oxygen points one two three to go up to
nine and ox RJ is getting ready one two
he's not going up yet but it's like this
is a part of the mound what he's like
open it out oh wait wait oh but I can't
do that I have the the one point hit so
I'm actually gonna
give a dick one less okay great I'm just
giving Holmes yet shit ton of error hi
there
holy shit Wow see that that goes in what
you're saying about getting in a shit
hand I don't have any air yeah I am yeah
so even if I don't move this guy this
turn I still lose an oxygen point at the
end of the turn right yeah well no you
and you lose multiple is another oh my
god yeah I'm getting him the fuck out of
there then one two three that's that
okay here's here's what I will say J
yeah moving him down here he will lose
the same amount of oxygen points
anything above 6000 feet today but if I
move up I'm gonna lose more what are you
on the tube
no but you you were right here yeah
you're you're lose one and you lose two
oxygen points here Oh hero either way
I'm dead
that does that kid that kills me no
matter what oh so I could just leave
them up here then and he's gonna die and
I can do something with ya with Ellen or
if you want you can spend those move
appoints to build a tent oh yeah shield
you know that would shield you from one
well they're gonna hit shielded then you
go down to watch your son okay I should
do that okay I will do that all right
