Episode 132
K2... THE BOARD GAME (Part 2)
December 6, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1D38ToO9DE
___________________________________________

should do that okay I will do that all
right now that we got that figured out
oh you almost died I almost died I
thought it was that Aires all right
that's it great
now who's that one was that one husband
Al Hendrix
ohand rocks we don't always know let's
all this already Elvis dulness dodged a
bullet there yes okay
so everybody here thanks we're in a tent
you get saved per one yet yeah two for
the weather and whatever you round
oh no it's beautiful weather
oh okay everything's great today Krieger
I'm checking the chat all the time you
guys you start saying anything what
nobody in the chat is talking no well
they're saying stuff but like they're
not asking us questions you know they're
asking us dumb questions it's like I'm
checking the chat I have a giant monitor
here and I'm checking the chat and I'd
like to think that we've been answering
your questions they're giving a shit Jay
because we're not answering questions
apparently we're climbing a mountain
I don't know if you guys have noticed
we're climbing about we already talked
about the Jurassic world trailer that's
the only only new and noteworthy thing
and it's not even know worthy it's
Maureen what was the Jurassic world
trailer all right yeah well I hate the
title it's it doesn't roll off the
tongue
Jurassic world it's awkward what are you
talking about irascible Rasik world it
doesn't sound good
Jurassic Park so these are called bad
they should come on Jurassic Park I'd
see that
you know they're cookie no I'm good
he doesn't have another six hours oh
wait and then we got hit by to weather
or wait yeah to here at to weather see I
was so busy yelling at the chat didn't
do it until we're 200 preserved corpses
on Everest send someone oh that's great
someone is asking me how it was acting
in pork pork in space that was all
improv like like anything I've ever done
with J and Mike they drive me to a
location and in that instance they said
see this guy
yeah can you make fun of him for like 20
minutes yep was it Lulu the only line
that I knew I wanted you to say was
what's that thing on your neck it looks
like an elephant's clip yes that was the
only line the rest of it was all improv
and I do remember I fought you on that
and I I tried a couple things cuz I
didn't much care for that line no that's
great it did sound right to me so I
tried a whole bunch of other stuff and
then Jade you said let's just try the
elephant's clip thing
do you remember what else you trying I'd
have to look back at the footage I'm
sure other stuff that I I liked better
but because it was fine cuz you know
what it was 20 minutes
yeah what's today today is clear yeah
right
who's going first oh it's me my first Oh
Oh
the game
don't okay everybody all right Garrett
and I'm reconsidering things three five
no biscuit was not my first pet I
growing up on the farm
oh you had tons of that we had we had 12
to 15 cats at any given time firm cats
farm cows are the worst they inbred you
had lots of in France yes what happened
they have gnomes
any cat with phones we had dogs
obviously some farm animals but cats
everywhere enduring yeah outdoor cats
fucking just cats
we can't control those cats no I am
gonna build a tent up here okay
hi so tons of cats and dogs I grew up
with dogs all from us and we're gonna
give we're gonna take two oxygen points
no finically can you yeah I know you
only have like one piece or two pieces
on a given tell can you go through there
you can only go through you can go
through okay yes
so it's like for example if someone had
if I had six movement points I could go
to the peak okay okay that's obviously
that's a good question
you know what that is a good question is
it all you didn't use Bolton I built a
tent again gave Dixon oxygen points okay
I gave Dixon breath um bring it home
sheet up one Oh
we've reached the top everybody oh my
god and I've given him one breath Wow
home Z home Z congratulations
you could still die and is you very like
look at this Jack look at this
everyone's got good eye straight that's
great I have no oxygen curtains okay so
I'm gonna do one two three and that's it
rich is a pretty good board gamer
they're asking who the best of board
gamer is at our LM rich is pretty he's
he's cutthroat and he's very good at
strategy
I've heard that Mike can rock a risk
board yeah but you know anyone who plays
a board game it's good by me just cuz I
like board games I tried playing risk
once yeah it was boring oh hold on for a
second guys
you
I was weird whatever oh just a technical
glitch okay so some people didn't hear
what we were just talking about
no that's unfortunate because shit got
crazy right also pickle bucket
pickle bucket has been complaining about
what we've been streaming okay the
almost the entirety of the stream you
don't have to want is pickle bucket a
subscribe he is a subscriber okay well
this is ready appreciate you subscribing
but you could just turn it up this is
what I'm playing tonight we thought it
would be fun for Thanksgiving to do
something never something a little
different
is it my turn no I did you go first yeah
you a nurse does does their claim okay
yeah okay so I'm in a tent so I'm safe
right yeah yep I'm here tonight one each
go down to go down to okay have you
change the weather everybody above six
thousand six seven and up it's an extra
okay I have no every hour student card I
have a zero oh yeah what is the longest
Monopoly game we've ever played that we
Lisa and I used to play Monopoly I mean
three four times a week we've yeah I
don't know we got pretty fast at it
because everybody knows like everybody
kind of figures out what their strategy
is there's not a lot of like you know
hemming and hawing and there's the cold
dead hand rule where like someone
becomes your enemy and you just refuse
to trade with them ever
in life so yeah sometimes it lasts an
hour and also like we would play to the
end always like even if it was just two
people and they were going back and
forth you just have to play to the end I
always share and so you know everyone
else would go watch a movie or you know
have dinner well just two people would
be alone in a corner playing Monopoly
and every once in a while you'd hear the
dice roll fuck I get the pink now oh
that's right well monopoly can be bad
monopoly can be really bad and that's
actually something that I really like
about it like something like Catan
Settlers of Catan is even if you're
losing you're playing until the game is
over yeah
unlike monopoly or risk where once you
lose you're done yeah yeah and you just
can't have a good time anymore all right
we ready we're ready yes all right six
six
this is six like six we're all doomed oh
my god you hear that laughing where is
it coming from look at the bottom of
them to see which one is the LEAs burn
that's pretty big flat ones are very
they're all kind of that's why they're
here leave employer one minute too short
yeah and they're they're not cooked
properly one minute too long and they're
burnt on the bottom maybe maybe should
cook a little lower temperature I cut
them at the temperature told me to cook
a man try again gee try again maybe have
a super oven just run is possible it's
possible it's my own
I'm just I'm just going down here okay
ovens also have hot zones sometimes if
they're not yeah later Prime and a side
of the oven could be little high as lots
of factors my failed cookies tried okay
I even though I'm gonna die I'm just
gonna keep going forward here
two four six yeah people are saying
they'd eat your cookies Jay well thank
you let's go back
Oh Kenny oh yeah well you can't go that
way go this way for three points yeah
I'm at three so I guess I'm gonna stay
there because I mean that's the same
either way right cuz yeah I'm gonna be
fun
if I don't move I mean I know occupy
that spot for a while maybe I have
oxygen in my hand maybe I do okay
I mean your lunch Jay I had to preheat
your oven people are sick no they have
all these nice people who are willing to
help Jake cook so she said to me I'll
preheat your oven and I said back to her
I only have a toaster
okay oh is it my turn okay
hi dr. J you're getting in here boom
you're on the mountain two points and
we're gonna give we're gonna give dick
the birthday boy one oxygen also any
college I'm just I'm planning my next
turn
okay everybody go I'm gonna head back
take care of a better marriage
everyone's are more other than - its -
an extra one - an extra one I'm not
gonna take one - because I have a taint
okay okay what am i doing with my wife
you're playing board games that's all
you need to know there's nothing else
all the board games okay I need the
weather yeah there we go
you guys are gonna hand me something
everything above here extra one look at
my box again oh my god Jen I have no way
to get it off either run away
yo you green if you could get a I didn't
get them under here well you mean you're
just gonna die can I just jump off of
the mountain is any option know if you
can get at least one of your guys to
here then yeah let me see yeah you know
three if you get four or five if you can
get five movement points you're fine
okay okay
she said to me seductively I need you I
need your cookies and I reply and sorry
man
these are burnt dick new job he's still
my favorite
so at the end of this coming time it'll
be done one all right you don't die at
one you got by going below one right
right right
somehow J is still alive
yeah that's somehow sheer manly will
okay all right right and if you have a
split one it's for what we're counting
here is only go by the first okay but I
can still use the second yeah right yeah
five five - nice job gee thank you oh
that's a good question are there any
good movies themed around Thanksgiving
play notes and automobiles oh that's a
wonderful movie
excellent answer by the way so fast it's
just immediately says no friends I'm
just bitterness funny that's it's a very
good it's a fine that is a very good
okay I'm gonna move my guy right down
there a little bit longer
well I'm good should I skip over Jack
again
I don't care anymore I'm dead I'm going
down bringing him up here oh really
he stays even though I'm gonna hide okay
okay you see there as long as he's alive
that's like your milestone oh okay yeah
technically you're winning yeah but that
guy's like this guy's dead on this then
I'll get strung we'll be dead yeah yeah
so then he's gonna go back
yeah we got to rename them them our IP
in peace Alejandra --xx oh did we all do
our things that is oh wait that's right
cuz rips you give to me what's happening
where is the weather today
everything about 7000 we lose one to
design ok but I'm in my tent so I don't
lose that one and then I was to open it
so did everyone oxygenate yes oh I go
down yet so I go down three ok oh ok cuz
it's funny happy but easy right here
like here kind of have some position
evilly points for that too right yes
hundreds hopefully your body will freeze
and other climbers will be able to use
you as points of contact climbing
material
I sure will on my way down oh did you ox
in a jade oxygenate your womb space ok
no in our last three cards yeah and I
need anything up here is an extra extra
okay
anyone I have the peak basically
- oh so everybody get to show you cards
cuz you yeah alright six five three one
two - I'll take a 1d and remember take a
look at the chatons in question do you
guys remember the very first on board
game you ever played Oh God I was from
Candyland or something Steve how about
chutes and ladders
oh yeah that's probably chutes and
ladders maybe a mousetrap
no one ever played mousetrap though well
nobody knows how No
it would take something to set the thing
up by the time you did it you would just
want to knock it all down now so you
never actually played the game okay okay
oh hey oh I can't do that we don't know
what the weather is tomorrow in the game
oh I think you're talking bout like Oh
cuz I gotta travel tomorrow
no okay we're gonna move take the
birthday boy down one and we are going
to oh no no wait I don't have to I can
keep him up there because the weather is
bad so then we are going to take octa
Jay you're moving out you can't go there
I can't go there cuz that no rope no
shit
that's okay I'll move over here
everything is fine
octa Jay moves up in the world and
everything is fine okay that's alright
okay so everyone take your Touche you
know what I remember early board game
was is you know cooties both Oh ant guys
pelicans my grandma had cooties but we
never ever played it no I just played
with the pieces of course
yeah just would put the pieces together
make him crawl around that's like
mousetrap yeah you never actually played
the game I but but I was shocked to find
out it was a game I just thought it was
like make your own aunt yeah I couldn't
tell you what that how you play that
game
I know memory
don't you have it yeah we could play
well I would say we could play it next
but I don't know where all the pieces
went we have a couple legs
I definitely trouble
work so everything's fine can I not move
yeah if I don't want to I can stay right
there
yeah okay you don't know how to do your
points okay I'm gonna do that and I'm
gonna go up one oxygen left one pathetic
little oxygen boy that's all I can do
that's something that's not much but
okay oxygenates anyone above or just any
no one's up there so just whatever is on
there so I'm safe because I have a
warrant total Fandango this one I should
wait that's am I losing to or one one
one so the weather in there is good okay
okay a lot of people are asking who my
main character in Super Smash Brothers
is which is a very important question
for everyone else here at the table I'm
gonna answer the chat I really have been
enjoying a little back the boxer from oh
yeah yeah he's a character and he has
only punching moves like he doesn't do
any kicking any just all punching cuz
he's a boxer really fun to play with
that's funny recently I've been playing
as the villager which has been great
also custom that you can customize your
own me and your me can be a fighter and
I've been having a good time tinkering
around with all of the neat settings so
Mario you're kicking your ass no I kick
ass yeah usually it's Luigi by the way
and all other smash games I love being
Luigi because he has that like dumbass
headbutt and rocket like it looks like
an either speaking
you're saying that isn't that's
something I wouldn't know it is somebody
he has he has a move that turns him into
a rocket and he headbutts people but it
usually makes you fall off the stage
considering that I have absolutely no
oxygen points like me continuing is like
futile that's why I don't like the way
we're doing this with the carbs yeah I
don't know I don't like that we can make
we can always make house rules next time
I think next time we should have house
because this is yeah I got it and that's
just like delaying the inevitable I'm
gonna die sure unless I just keep going
back down the mountain but that's point
was to yeah I think we have shuffled and
rebuilt in the past okay
but you know it's pretty time-consuming
sue there's 18 cars yeah
per player what's the weather today the
weather is crummy er in this zone just
no no so this is all right yep oh and
for anyone asking how many amiibos I own
the answer is zero and I still plan on
not buying any of those stupid things
oh Jesus Christ
Oh No I might lose I might lose someone
Richmond how many victory points is this
guy yet dizzy you move up yet oh he's
right here see it is three three
how are we getting hit today oh my
caviar we're getting everyone's getting
hit there right there right there
okay okay all right
pretty hairy ready yeah
three six five nine just take that zero
huh yeah
whose truck oh did I have this last time
or did I just get you last time tonight
can't remember oh wait because we were
waiting on you and you so yeah yeah I
did yeah cuz you were loved
yeah Jack was trying to skip both of you
right okay yes I'm gonna spend all nine
points on getting dicked a birthday boy
all the way down here out of the
weather's way you didn't make it to the
top well if I didn't do that he would
die oh one and I had no I had no so we
had to we had to get him down desperate
times I'm going up three and then two
how am I giving that twerp this game to
guts going nuts
Dave the box oh yeah I thought you were
quoting him like he was telling us that
that was the name oh this is a game it's
called k2 it's mom climber game and it's
super fun if you have board games when
you enter via the oxygen points right
yeah there's a show called um called
shut up and sit down
it's a board game show or sit down
showers I forget what it's called it's a
show that they talk about board games
and review board games and they talked
about this and we've been really
enjoying it since we've got it the shut
up and sit down
or something Terrence come
let's easy-to-learn yeah yeah or as last
game we played there's so many rules
yeah unless you know you so you know
great but this one you can learn the
first time you play it really easily oh
yeah we doing the climate no oh no oh
are you done I haven't gone yet yeah it
doesn't matter yeah neither of us a
building I didn't work ain't no water
sir it wasn't I wasn't paying enough
attention and then I'm just gonna sit
here for the rest of the game that's all
you can make it all the way back to camp
maybe I will that'll be my new goal I'll
bounce around here and get some oxygen
boy this is my biggest gripe with the
game is as soon as the days are over the
game's over yeah but to me the end goal
should be to make it back down the
mountain oh sure you gotta go all the
way up and then back down or you know as
far as you can get up and get back down
that's what the game is shoved over cuz
that would be like real mountain climb
sure okay so thanks that part of the
game upsets me a little bit is that they
don't go full on with the theming but
it's fine climate yep do your climate
okay all right och today you're losing
one and if you're not on anything you
don't lose or gain right right whether
it's way to move the weather to and then
we're here now right oh yeah thank you
okay okay so these guys Sunday's guys
today tomorrow tomorrow it's messy
tomorrow see here that in the last
sailing that's great that's great
that's good news for Jay we got the
makings
oh yeah this goes to you right oh you
know first ever already don't know I'm
sorry I'm sorry
not even a little bit okay now ready
four seven four five that hurts
that really hurts oh did you have plans
for all of those points
no but it's - they're saying two points
of mom climbing is to make it to the top
and die I think you might be misinformed
most people I think try to make it ever
though right yeah
it was a steak my gosh that should be a
rule you can only have so many people on
there so if someone dies that occupies a
space I am done
oh god that hurts two three four I'm
gonna visit my dead body to get more
oxygen I'm going to end and I have one
oxygen point so that ride him like a
sled down the road in the old way that
was a thing in this game House Rules
that's true okay my turn to go actually
go up to the next one because they're
six
child-bride what what make it a weird
comment okay the same with the name is
child-bride tells you something I did
not go here okay so this area is gonna
be a Death Zone coming up soon no
getting out of there and two points up
there octo Jake moves up in the world
great alright oxygen oxygen oxygenate
your womb space it's a thing what is
that from again that's from the dance of
Earth it's a happy video oh about about
ladies who are prettier
make your baby a bunch of the whole so
I'm assuming you can't have two tents on
the same square right let's go now we
looked at well we have to look that up
before I believe you okay but there's
rules cuz it changes everything
Mountaineer can pitch a tent on his
current space each player at the VIP
tent only once during the game tent
cannot be moved once place where music
stay so the game that given space can't
have more than one time do you let you
like my camp
are you it's a comfortable spot it's
been good to me what's this okay you
mind
all the old assholes are blocking my way
get out of here get out of here with
that
okay okay okay are you here
no not even a little bit yeah she did we
do the climate for that last turn
already or not mm-hmm we did okay okay
okay
now for realsies right yeah go five four
seven for Lisa yeah are you a fan of the
red letter media nonsense you like you
usually don't watch like the episodes no
nor should you I'm a fan of I like when
they come over and play games but like
you know you're not necessarily like a
movie person no I imagine you would
watch no I mean books a book reader
right that everyone's saying how you
don't watch it if the video then I think
you don't for yeah I don't have time
this is an adult one person at this
table is an adult
that time for childish shenanigans
understandable I'm sorry um is it my
turn
you have the pickaxe last time is that
right it really doesn't matter where you
move your corpse trying to survive I'm
just there Lex you're going skiing I'm
going up here so that's three my
handicap eats part of that and I gave
him that's Fandango Fandango gets to
oxygen points I can't use things you're
skipping Jack again I'm thinking I'm
thinking okay you can go oh my god yeah
but then I wouldn't know what to do what
it's my turn sure see okay we're gonna
raise up some some oxygen here no thank
you
sure sure we also run with with pretzels
Scooby Doo cereal
I prefer fish crackers
oh one cool
that's applesauce maybe a go-gurt it's a
green one this time yes Jane oh good I'm
good thank you
I have beer did you move I did you did
it is your turn I'm doubling to ten to
ten yeah well I use all movement points
and I can't move because your butts in
the way so I'm not leaving either just
so you know I know and I hate that
because I'm blond
oh did everyone do their Oh do your
oxygen anything well what are we taking
off if you are in this zone nobody's in
there so just do what's on your faces no
no I don't know where it was honestly Oh
does anybody know it was anyone paying
attention to where richest guy was
oxygen was okay where guts going nuts
was okay any idea five or six mister
sunset it says he'd really like to all
the way that all the J's are drawn rich
did that go on which things rich wrote
our name takes there was if they tell us
they are though they're saying it was
actually at ten
if I stop icing spice okay we need to do
this thing I'm not gonna arm wrestle
rich one he would probably win uh and to
because he would probably win then I'm a
weak man
okay so clear weather but you assholes
are all up in it
shit
she's probably good on oxygen I think
she is going to try and sit up there at
all time
yeah I'm not moving I'm staying in there
there there's no web I mean I could stay
there forever and not lose any ya know
if it makes sense I'll just be a pain in
the butt yeah because you work you're
literally with two of you up there
because talking it I could not go past
you with us I have four points I'm
staying there too I can stay there too
I can try and win somehow yeah but
that's um that's homes II he's already
been to the top well he he's got an
oxygen tent and the weather is clear
there's no point move yeah yeah Woolsey
and Clem are just living there now
that's just where they live on him no I
mean I'm just saying that these guys
okay they don't have to move ever they
can just live there oh yeah for anyone
asking yes Lisa has open all the jars in
the house absolutely
are we ready to go but he starts them
yeah don't manage with the spoon ya can
get to start I understand for six pro
tip if you like use the handle of a fork
and like get it underneath and kind of
pop the air seal it works like a charm
every time and then you don't have to
use any muscles what you don't have
yep yep that's what I'm doing I did that
okay okay all right and so I have three
downward movement points o 2 3 and a 2
up 4 points - I'm going around via ha
Richard is the point you can do you can
start with the jab
ok then I'm just gonna go what the fuck
indeed I have in co2 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
Ivan could score fan of k2 apparently I
think the camera is slowly drifting it's
like it's like now you can barely see
the top of the game board you can see
these clearly what you couldn't but
that's I mean it's it hasn't fallen down
here I'll take a picture of our
jury-rigged of our jerry-rigged uh just
so you guys can see
what it takes to put on one of these
shows
okay what did we got go okay then
everybody do your Christian stuff
Fandango has doors we'll have two days
left you guys two days left to be on the
mountain oh yeah we are gonna do we are
going to do different way streams we're
gonna do mspaint pictionary again and
give away games that rich and I have
amassed in our steam collection so yes
we will be doing a giveaway stream
coaster like Christmas like a good
Christmas think that's a Christmas
stream like giving giving to giving back
giving back so yes absolutely
whose turn is it is it my turn but it's
okay I'm sorry
oh this is it it's happening it's
getting real here's the thing it's very
real oh shit I can't not win
so who's winning listen yeah okay well
that's fine everything's fine
okay okay wait I'm not ready I'm sorry
damn it
I can't believe people are still
watching this yeah I mean it's an
intense game but they can't see like our
cards like they don't know what's
happening else yeah word you know in a
perfect world what the fuck what I'd
like to do is like what the fuck
indeed my big black cup thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it would like in
a perfect world if I had a little more
time to set up the camera I was thinking
about like gritting out the table some
like we could have our cards oh my gosh
era so people could you know Steve they
can't see what's happening yeah so this
will be perfected because I do want to
do four games because I like board games
okay I'm ready now I'm sorry all right
okay three three six four oh yeah that's
what I need is a pen I guess who is the
pick Jack did you do it last time for
this time
hey I'm already lost I'm not doing
anything but I'm retreating
I mean you've won right unless you died
I just gotta say what you just have to
say like that there's nothing not some
mortals can do bye guys I do whatever
you say forgot who it was I'm just
trying to get home you have that thing
when you when you have lack of oxygen
you stop moving because you don't have
an excess not enough oxygen to convince
your brain that you should live as a
just not moving but I'm right at the
bottom like there's no oxygen issues
down there yeah I'm saying this is left
over from what Big O okay for my intense
trip up the mountain where my brother
died and someone threw a mom and my
brother are you still bitter for me
well someone threw my brother down the
mountain you're going back to whoa I've
made it back to where I was
this is very great
well it is where it is right on our last
three cards right there you go six six -
all right it's gonna be exciting turn
four you know this is me now right no it
was me I did not move last turn because
I did not want you to block me so now I
could I did some stretching yeah that
means I won cuz I got the first wins
yeah strategy mother well I got to the
bottom so like you made it to the top
good for you Jay's going home bitches go
bills I've seen in my tent I thought you
were gonna go down one to try and like
black me from getting any further upside
move it on I didn't want to block you on
the way down and I was so excited that
you left that tent you can't go to my
tent if you stayed there Oh bummer I
almost had it
it's so close I mean congratulations
right no one on my team died I'm like I
think what I mean is that Jack and Jay
are the real loser I mean as long as we
each one all right
scream thanks for coming out we're gonna
wrap up now so if y'all 1245 yeah
all right we're gonna wrap up now but
thanks for coming out thanks to all the
new subscribers thanks to all the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone who
just came out to watch us be it is we
really do appreciate it and have a happy
Thanksgiving bye I'm meeting my cracker
