Episode 134
More Spelunky - Hack and a Half
December 8, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyWmxeAEbTM
___________________________________________

but are you ready is there something
funny we could do probably yeah we
should think of that earlier oh well
whatever well the funny thing we could
do is me having us come back but when
you and then you said because that's
what happened I am assuming I know what
you do first of all Dan himself is is uh
saying he's playing Binding of Isaac
rebirth right now and I and he has
eighteen bombs and thirty-two Keys
anyone else who's playing rebirth do you
find yourself with like a million keys
all the time I find myself with so many
keys is that something to complain about
it's not something to complain about is
something that's definitely new because
in the in the original items in general
you know keys bombs were incredibly rare
but in rebirth in rebirth they did add a
new bum friend they added a key bum
friend where you can like like the
normal bum friend you give him a penny
and he randomly will give you something
good right and then there's also a devil
bum friend where you can you know give
him a half a heart and he might give you
something good yeah they added a new key
bum friend where you can give him keys
and he might give you something good so
maybe they've added more keys okay so
maybe they're overreacting to complaints
if not enough keys that could a be that
could be and oh yeah if you playing hard
mode you don't get a whole lot of keys
that's true in general you know on hard
mode you get in general less items
because it's harder that doesn't make
any sense
yeah I agree by the way normal is easy
mode
I don't understand you don't know I
would somebody you're not supposed to
play games in any setting other than
hard I know I know everyone's the only
the only acceptable way to play a game
every once in a while I do play Isaac on
normal just just for a lark just because
it's like a walk it's like a walk in the
park playing Isaac on normal
you're probably good wine you know
that's why I play FTL uneasy
occasionally you know just this just
just don't breeze through it well it's
like if I'm playing on normal I won't
discriminate against any item I'll pick
up everything just to see what it does
you know like weird combinations of
items and I'll just fuck around so you
you get it rich you get it okay we are
gonna play we are gonna play uh uh hold
on we're getting there
this is gonna be a big exciting reveal
to everyone here papers please we are
gonna play a priest please because why
not
cuz it could be fun da da da da dun dun
dun dun there we go that takes up most
of the screen so
all right now the music for papers
please is on so tell me everybody can
hear the music can you hear me can you
hear rich quick audio check before we
start playing while I check some things
out here talk about that Oh rich do you
know what yes you missed last night
because you'd what come to game night
yeah no well we'll talk about that but
what what did I miss
you know what you missed is a good
friend of mine adios go great a good
friend of mine who came over to board
game night brought over an alien board
game I saw the picture yes they made an
actual alien board game no here's the
question Jack yeah did the alien have
eyesight it did it had big goofy eyes
okay okay we should start anew
was it fun how does how does the alien
game play it was really interesting they
really tried to make it a lot like alien
so every player controls three
astronauts and one alien a board game by
the way yes this is a board game oh
you're right I need to update the stream
thank you updating the stream Sunday
night hack and a half playing papers
so everybody controls what now and the
stream is updated thank you for
reminding me everyone I often forget
so everyone controls three astronauts
and one alien so you know we were
playing before people there or for
aliens roaming around and basically it's
sorry
do you remember sorry yeah we're if your
alien shares the same space with someone
else's astronaut they died like that
astronaut gets removed from the game and
then you make your way around the board
and try not to get eaten by other
people's alien and the alien has special
moves where it can move through vents
and move faster and get to special
places and your astronauts everyone
smiler can take alternate routes to try
to run away from from the alien and by
the way it was pretty good it was it was
way better than any other alien game
I've ever played is that all you play no
no we played that and we played um Oh
was it called we played a really
interesting game oh I'm gonna forget
what it's called now hold on a second
chutes and ladders
we played Candyland Holdrege I'm holding
up was he actually going to look and
that's crazy
he's a crazy man he's stopping the
stream so he can read a board game all
you people are sitting here doing
nothing so we can read a name and then
we will all forget about it and go on
with our lives
but what can you do what can you do
now I've got to fill dead air this is
sorry which I was leaving bad yes please
just fucking great but doing it to me
again Jack what making me feel dead air
I do I love making you feel that air I
think it's hilarious I was going to
check with Lisa we played a game called
smash up and in smash up you smash up
brawl smash up bro oh my god I didn't
look through what I was supposed to do
today I forgot how to play the game rich
are you starting from scratch
yes only only a stroke and citizens can
go in great I get out of here and it's
in the rulebook
remember the rulebook no oh yeah here it
is I remember okay here it is girls must
have a faster okay great I remember I'm
remembering deny all foreigners cars and
poor you can be in here lady
denied smash up which is a it's a game
that picks all sorts of like nerd
culture things against each other you
know like pirates vs. ninjas vs. robots
vs. aliens and whatnot uh-huh is
everyone randomly selects two teams for
example yesterday I was republic I get
out of here only is true cos yesterday I
was zombies and pirates uh-huh and then
it's it's a deck building game and so
you use your cards to like take over
places and get points it was it's really
neat but it's one of those games that
requires a ton of reading and math yeah
okay yeah that's not bad but if you're
just trying to have a quick board game
night yeah not so good yeah sometimes um
yeah and you know there was someone
there who had who had not played it
before okay Wow is everyone here not
from asteroids good get out of here
there was someone new who hadn't played
it before so just explaining the basic
game concept
took a long time but I still think it's
a fun game needs a little balancing
button it's it's fun baby I was baby
buzz blaze CI I was going to come over I
wanted to come over yeah and I I got up
to get ready to leave and my foot had
swollen a bad hand I was it's like now
it hurts I'm gonna I'm gonna stay home
my foot up did you did you tell people
having no I didn't I'm gonna I'm leaning
into it to your foot with you well use
you started with my foot was swollen
into how the foot gets swollen this is
this is story telling Jack telling one
that was good and now I know
expectations are off the charts and it's
gonna be let down I told them that I
just stepped on a nail I stepped on a
nail I hope you're all happy I'm not you
missed game night how does that work and
we're we got these things down you know
for painting these boards foam boards
and it wasn't apparently a nail embedded
in one of them sticking straight up and
I stepped on it went right through the
sole of my foot and through my foot oh
yeah I punctured my foot and I screamed
and then I pulled the nail out there
there was hardly any blood that's good
so wasn't a rusty nail yeah you should
you should still look into like tetanus
shots or you know seeing a doctor I've
got five dollars in the bank after it
yeah yeah so the only doctor I'm saying
is dr. pepper it's an excellent joke no
it's not
that was a non reaction Joe come to find
joke I am filth
okay okay okay what's the rules for
today girls all documents must be Curt
oh you need a passport documents must be
occurring how do I know what today's
date is okay
82 1124 expires wait what oh it expired
get out of here
did it oh it didn't expand fuck yep oh
damn it rich I suck at this game this
was a this was a terrible idea to have
you play this game I'm terrible at this
game well you know if you're not
enjoying it
I mean I'm I'd help you but uh I think
I'm probably gonna be too far behind
because I'm watching with everybody else
right
no and I'm just really bad at it oh my
god I let someone in who I wasn't
supposed to I'm gonna stop playing this
game I can't read I can't not read fast
enough all right all right I'm gonna I'm
gonna there are there are other options
for things to play we need that we need
to find okay wait I'm gonna look I think
this lady gets to come in house no
trouble this is what happens when I
can't backseat game this is exactly what
Oh No non matching photo decks crocodile
brain is no good at papers please
rich what is the best Star Trek movie
it's the Wrath of Khan hands down there
you go there's your answer
uh yeah there's you don't even think
about it Star Trek to the repconn alibi
the end of undiscovered country mm-hmm
sure I could do that I think there's an
argument for that no no I'm thinking
about how I would rank them mm-hmm
definitely too first and six then one I
know it's an unpopular opinion but I
like I like the motion picture really
yeah so it's classic the motion Star
Trek the motion picture is the only one
that is the only Star Trek movie that
that has the core Star Trek values at
heart I mean it's a Star Trek story
about exploration and discovery you know
it's just so much masturbation they
don't they don't have a fight at the end
they make a discovery at the end
it's motion picture the motion picture
is the only one the only movie that is
actually a Star Trek story what do you
mean she was expired
her passport was expired actually I
might even I might even put the motion
picture oversexed I haven't seen either
in a while though but the top tier
definitely top top is definitely retcon
yeah Rafa Khan's great then then
undiscovered country and the motion
picture and whatever order let's see
then for four you know force kind of
gimmicky it's really not my favorite
what's four again is that Wales where's
that time-travel whale one yeah yeah
then three and then five and well you
know what I put flying up at five
underneath
insurrection because the next-gen movies
are almost all at the bottom
so then insurrection and then Star Trek
5 and then well no no insurrection then
nemesis then Star Trek 5 then first
contact
no no then generations and then first
contact hmm that is my order that's a
good order yeah I'm it's you know I I
have I don't have like a problem with
the story of the motion picture but the
first 45 minutes of the movie is Kirk
being shuttled to the enterprise you
know there's probably a fan at it out
there that changes that that would be
great if they could just make that a
normal shuttle to the enterprise but
they spent so much time during like it's
the enterprise but on a movie screen is
good like this the motion picture is a
movie I actually used to like to put on
in the background while I did other
things and you could you could not pay
that much tension in the movie and not
miss anything
it's kind of nice for that yeah yeah I
could say I could see that I'm in stood
by the way I'm installing another
gamer's somebody somebody is outraged
that I'm putting first contact last yes
dead fucking last it's the movie that
turned next-gen into action schlock it
fucking ruined Picard as a character and
it uh Turley fucking destroyed the Borg
for all time
fuck first contact that wasn't that
wasn't awkward at all
I just you know if you just got if you
gotta just couldn't fight don't fight in
front of me yeah passionate I know I
love it now but here's the thing you're
absolutely right you are absolutely 100%
right I I want to let everyone know that
right now I'm downloading a game
[Laughter]
there's no way I can play papers please
on a stream while trying to talk to you
guys while trying to talk in general
like I don't know if I could play papers
please by myself
okay yeah next time we're will do that
again sometime when we're both in the
same room yes absolutely here's that
here's the thing about me I love reading
I am a very slow reader I enjoy reading
I read all the time from real books and
everything but I just I I am a very slow
reader and so processing that much
information that fast it's a little much
for my crock o dial brain and know we're
not gonna play pictionary tonight we
we've said we said on Wednesday that we
are going to do a special holiday our
special holiday pictionary giveaway
we've talked about this for a while
where we're gonna we're gonna do pick
mspaint pictionary and guess the movie
title right mm-hm and and rich and I
have a bunch of games in our steam gift
library that we are going to give away
to people
and we'll make it a special holiday
stream cuz that'll be fun some of some
of them you may want yeah it's gonna be
raisin
here's the question is the rich Evans
builds his new PC stream we could try
and work that into a regular Wednesday
Sunday thing or are we okay if that we
just do that when the parts are here and
even if it's on our off day I think it
depends on how close it is like for
example if we have all the parts on a
Monday I'm not gonna want to wait I'm
telling you right now Jack if we get
okay how about this if we get the parts
on a Tuesday yeah we can wait till
Wednesday
Oh like if I get them Tuesday morning we
can wait till Wednesday if if not we
will we will just have a special stream
day and stream you building your PC okay
okay we have most of it we have two
parts dump we need two more parts right
now I'm looking at your CPU cooler looks
pretty badass rich I'm not gonna lie I
know what's huge comically large it's
comically large I think it's great
I needed the box for something else I
needed the the box it came in the brown
bag standing on a high shelf no no I
needed I needed the outside box and so
that's you know everything else is in
like the original package box the new
egg boxes yeah but this one I had to
take out of the boxes I needed the box
or something else and so I'm looking at
this beautiful CPU cooler oh oh it
finished downloading I'm gonna go go
ahead I never usually overclock or
anything so this is gonna be the
fanciest cooler I've ever had a use the
the stock one that comes to the
processor no sure okay um sounds fine
are you guys no you're fine everything's
fine okay I'm gonna start a game um
someone gifted me this game saying I
would really enjoy it you guys are gonna
be really shocked by this oh it might
get loud so everybody be warned
everybody but you really warned why does
Jack have Richards computer that's
good question because we trusted it more
being delivered to my house because I'm
home more and so then I can you know
make sure that I I get all the parts
yeah I live in apartment and I kind of
worried about somebody just you know the
them just leaving the package by my door
or the mailbox and people just taking it
yeah so yeah I wanted a delivered to a
house yes and so and I'm usually home
and like I know my UPS guy got a ton of
stuff delivered and so it was easier
that way oh so someone gifted me they
bleed pixels which everyone will be
really surprised that is a pixel graphic
2d side-scrolling action platforming
game also I guess I'm just I'll get this
out of the way right away shut up
it's their games that I like so shut up
but they've not said anything yet but
then again they probably don't know I
tell ya yes I will update this stream
it's gonna take me a second I'm trying
to get the game up and running here we
go so I'm gonna update the stream real
quick it might be loud I need to adjust
the volume I'm know
[Music]
so many spikes this game apparently I
[Music]
have not played risk of rain co-op yet
the amount of work it takes to get risk
of rain co-op up and running is
unacceptable to me yeah we looked it's
kind of insane it's dumb so I am turn
they okay so I don't plan on I would
love to play risk of rain co-op on on
kicking and stabbing a young lady's
guide to the fighting arts music yeah
this is neat and this this by the way
this was a reference in guacamelee that
I didn't get there was someone with like
bloody cramp hands and guacamelee
and I didn't know what it was oh oh oh
that's neat
great stabbing is functional but won't
get you combo points or style avoid but
mashing there's more effective ways of
killing
let me demonstrate a new technique and
still and that be okay
now you try oh so you can kick enemies
against the spike
if Phoenix asks yes there are spikes in
this game let me demonstrate great ok Oh
whoopsie this jump oh ok somebody in the
chat earlier mentioned like the thief
games being on sale uh-huh I guess I'll
mention their ownselves I'm a fan of the
thief games but don't bother trying you
give them to me or anything cuz I
already already owned them I felt like
copies of the original on CD and I'm
actually actually like if I like enough
actually years ago bought a second copy
of like thief 1 & 2 so I own I own them
on disc twice then I also own them on
gog.com so it would be a waste of a rich
Evans gift because I own three copies of
thief 1 & 2
this is this is a lot of internal rich I
know you hate tutorials a lot intro I'm
sorry sometimes you need to learn things
in order to play game you know I don't
like learning things rich what are your
opinions on the Jedi Knight video game
series one of the only two good Star
Wars franchises as far as games go the
Jedi Knight games are good and I like
the TIE fighter games we've talked about
kotor I know you're gonna bring it up
kotor it and go fuck itself it really
can I hate that game
I really dislike kotor but i and you and
i dislike it i think for different
reasons
looks like I'm you know the truth is I'm
really not all that into the Star Wars
Star Wars as a universe sure you know I
could take it or leave it
Jedi's are just boring because I'm a
human being and I do crave action
adventure and excitement and they just
make for boring characters because they
they're not allowed to have a motion
right right you can't how do you root
for a Jedi
well they're dull sacks of shit see this
needs to be the tutorial see you like
how I'm controlling the character and
it's like Oh jump over this or you don't
make it right this is a tutorial level
not not the like watch me do a thing
watch me do a thing and then you get to
do a thing right
you do a thing that's a tutorial this oh
I should have skipped that stupid
tutorial this is exactly this is what we
needed right here and a Patek
right
are you enjoying this game care um we're
aiming you know right now I'm just
getting into it and we were we were
dealing with boring tutorials before so
right now is it so complicated that you
needed this tutorials no that's the
thing is like it's explaining right now
it's explaining everything through game
play and so there's there's two
tutorials yes this is the second
tutorial which is bullshit that does
seem weird oh I said I see what I can do
here but they really want to make sure
you know how to play the game yeah which
you know like fair enough we should know
how to play the game but when you're
first level is full of like when you're
first level is full of all of the stuff
you need to know to get just to get
through the level you don't need the
rest of you don't need it like a a watch
me do shit tutorial level or maybe you
do because I'm sucking but whatever
haha gotcha oh I died okay great
[Laughter]
shad is asking me which which Arkham
game I think is the best I would say
Arkham Asylum for story
Arkham City for gameplay oh yeah yeah
I'm a city doesn't know what it wants to
be about it has a main plot but it takes
a backseat is it like some things feel
more like a side question
okay I can't tell you how excited I am
to play those games mm-hmm
they're really good I've heard I died
again
I've dad again Arkham origins well well
game II clay was is just basically it
but somebody copied Arkham City they
didn't really they even like reused a
lot of the same map which makes sense
some degree because you know Gotham City
wouldn't change but I mean it's
basically they duplicated the previous
game
story-wise I like origins actually
better than than City which I'm sure is
not a popular opinion doesn't have as
much polished stories not old as well
story itself I kind of liked it's fine
it's fine
everything's fine
that kills you oh oh okay I'm learning
I'm learning stuff I'm learning stuff
not well
oh okay no no I'm just gonna die I told
jack he's only hurting himself by not
playing the Arkham games but I know he's
going to at some point yeah I want to
play the Arkham games it's not like I've
been I haven't been avoiding them I just
haven't gotten around to it so once once
once once Arkham Knight comes out I can
tell you for sure I'm gonna do a review
on that one yeah that's gonna eat that's
gonna be an episode oh yeah
I should wait is it checkpoint thing
very interesting mechanic in this game
is in order to get a checkpoint you need
to you need to stand still you reach a
certain level and then like interesting
or bad interesting you know like it's
it's very unique of a game to ask its
players to not play you know like in a
in a brawler in an action game it's like
ok this is getting real just stand still
for a moment you don't want to okay so
I'm gonna be ok with it because it's
it's interesting oh I'm ok with it I
guess this one thing
it's just weird again oh so rich yep I
did a stupid thing this weekend what
what did you do that was stupid
my cousin was in town my cousin who I
loved dearly and he's not in town very
often so anytime he is I will take any
excuse oh no wait I want to go in there
so I want we're gonna die just so I can
get to the checkpoint again
he was in town and it's like oh you want
to hang out sure and he goes but you
know what I'm really in the mood for I'm
really in the mood to just go see a bad
movie I said okay I can be done with
that and you know he knows about best of
the worst and all that stuff yes just
like do you want me to get you something
like we can watch we can I can take care
of that yes we have quality bad movies
yes I can I can meet all of your bad
movie needs and he's like no like I want
to go to a theater and see a bad movie
knits like Oh what and he's like I kind
of want to go see Dumb and Dumber to
okay and you know sure all right
you could have free watched samurai come
listen you could have done that yeah
instead we saw we went to go see Dumb
and Dumber to and Madam man is that a
bad game it's bed game I mean they turn
it into a game they turned it into a
game the game is can you stand this
movie long enough to not go running from
the theater is that a shocking thing the
shocking thing was I went in expecting
it to be bad yeah and it still was worse
and much worse than what really yes okay
okay yes to a thousand degrees
I've never seen the foot you've never
seen the first one no oh oh you should
see the first this might be redundant
but it looks dumb what I mean yeah it's
funny cuz I like kingpin a lot oh okay
no the first one I think is really funny
I really enjoyed that I have not seen it
as an adult oh fuck I remember really
enjoying it obviously as a kid because
because of that but no it's it's way
worse than you could ever imagine in
fact the entire movie just rehashes bits
from the first one and it does so it
does so unapologetically so much so that
at the the end credits sequence is
literally them showing you scenes from
the first movie and how they redid them
in the second movie really yes that's
kind of shameless yes was it worse than
the one they made with you know the
prequel one if it was called dum dum Oh
When Harry Met lawyer but yeah was it
was it worse than that I don't know
because I did not see that okay I'm
gonna say it is though because because
it's it's Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels
and you expect more from them mm-hmm I
do if at least maybe that's it maybe
it's a dumb thing to expect more from
them I don't expect more from them in a
movie called dummy
[Laughter]
hey I expect water out of Jeff Daniels
but and that that's an exception
sure but like you know Jim Carrey is a
talented comedian
they have them and the Farley brothers
have made a good what are you using your
checkpoint yes yes
okay I just make it sure thank you I did
notice that not in time
obviously I did not know is that in time
but I did notice it eventually okay I
just want to make sure I couldn't see
you check my dad because I'm so here's
the most frustrating thing about going
to see Dumb and Dumber to in the theater
so the theater was silent during the
movie which you know that's a great
slide during a comedy yeah it got
exactly one laugh out of me I remember
the joke it was it was fine joke it
wasn't a great joke but it's like okay
that's oh that's a joke we can deal with
that say 'no you once you want to see a
bad movie right yeah why would you go
yeah we know bad comedies don't work
sure sure I wouldn't know to see a
comedy that you know was gonna be bad um
I thought I might get some cheap laughs
out of it okay and you know like I
really did like I really enjoyed them a
dumber I think sir you know and again I
have not seen it recently but I remember
really enjoying it so
I go with the expectations of you know I
might get some cheap laughs maybe some
nostalgia right I'll take nostalgia
that is his Jim Carrey talented or is he
just a gimmick that's well past his
prime I think Jim Carrey is talented
okay I leaned towards gimmick with him
there's a flash in the pan he was
banished kind of thing
he made silly faces and that's a he as a
comedian he has an ability to commit
that needs to be applauded you know like
what you call silly faces is is really a
a harsh commitment to a character into a
gag okay and and that needs to be that
needs to be respected I think that could
just be me I know I'm uh I'm a comedy
guy but as a comedian I definitely
respect what Jim Carrey has done with
his early career
and then you know like with the rest me
he has come a long way from being the
token white guy on in living color yes
yes he really has
I'll count what was that there was like
a slow down time okay yes he is come a
very long way
oh great ah so in any case it's just sad
and then you know like it's sad because
they're their old men and you know
they're doing these same jokes and and
they're awful and it's not funny the
timing just isn't right and then they
show these they show these sequences or
you know like they show these still
images from the first movie and they say
oh look you know we've done we did this
bit in the first movie now we did it
here isn't that funny he's not great
don't you like that as a fan and you can
see the difference of their characters
like the amount of especially in Jeff
Daniels like say what you will for the
character oh shit no well now he doesn't
give a shit but for a Dumb and Dumber he
actually like he committed to that role
you know like shit there was some
character in there you could see in his
eyes but no that wasn't his first role I
know it's his first major role well
since he was big somewhat big before
them wasn't he
oh yeah yeah
but he's a talented actor yeah yeah
the chant was comparing me to Jim Carrey
and look I I never said I was talented I
have never made that claim yeah if you
want to if you want to make that
comparison that's fine that's really
funny rich Evans I never said I was
talented I never said that
I want this bonus thing I want this
bonus thing I don't even know why I need
it but you know you see the bonus thing
you say I should have that what does it
do Jeff I don't know what it does it's
just just honest thing just a thing that
it takes more effort to get so I want it
that's all I know
that's all I know about it so so anyway
to get to my point here movie theater
dead silent during the comedy oh yeah
yeah long stretches of at utter absolute
silence a couple of people laughed at
points you know I that I did not laugh
at but you know that's fine
that's that's their taste oh wait I can
checkpoint here guys
great so then the people behind us who
you know I've been hearing not laugh at
the movie I hear them talk to each other
and just say oh how did you how did you
like the movie and I go yeah like
there's good but I've heard them not
laugh at the movie
how can you see that cuz they like the
original and there's some nostalgia
involved yes but if you don't laugh at a
movie right yeah I don't know I'm not
one of these people I can't say what's
going on in their heads
why not rich I don't do that well damn
it rich who's really bad so we went back
we went back to his place and we played
a little wiki Wars I don't know if
you've ever played wiki Wars but it's a
super fun game itself it's a lot like
six degrees of Kevin Bacon okay but
instead of taking Kevin Bacon from movie
to movie you take Wikipedia articles
okay and you try to get from one
Wikipedia article to the next only using
blue links from Wikipedia
and so you know you do dumb things like
I want to say we started off with like
we started off with we were at Android
operating systems uh-huh and he needed
to get to George Washington the first
president of the United States and
surprisingly easy that's the thing
you'll learn about wiki Wars is it's
surprisingly easy to give anything
Android operating systems were named
after sweets right and so he went to
like one which was called like jelly
bean and then jelly bean is an American
candy American goes to history of
America goes to past presidents super
easy yeah so we did a little bit of that
his wife then call those nerds and went
to bed what is this just something you
do on your own yeah it's it's just a
dumb it's it's like six degrees of Kevin
Bacon where it's not an official game
it's just one of those like yeah it's
like trivial it's like a trivia game
where you just do it to pass the time so
then you know someone you start
somewhere you start anywhere on a random
Wikipedia article Danny that's up and
then someone then the other person names
like a random thing you know you just
try to think of the most dissonant thing
that you can think of I want to say we
went from George Washington to
we go from there we went to from George
Washington to Sonic the Hedgehog mm-hmm
and so then but you can only get to the
the other article from Wikipedia link to
blue links you have to stay within
wicked Wikipedia hold on Jack needs
another Jack needs another snack okay
get your snack for anyone oh I brought
it with last time I took a break for
anyone wondering I am drinking an old
chub scotch ale
really great dark beer peasants
wintertime and I like dark beer in the
wintertime it's a fun game and and at
first like his wife his new wife was
very like interested she's very
supportive of nerdy type things and then
she she lasted a couple rounds and she's
like I'm done I'm done with this and we
we understood sure oh that's all I got
rich oh yeah I can't comment on this
game I've never played it
no it's you know what it might be it
actually could be a really fun gamers
dream just like a Wikipedia like a
Wikipedia page well you know we'll do it
when we do mspaint pictionary again we
get bored of that will go to wiki wiki
wars wiki works I really like that idea
shit we should have played that tonight
this would that would've been a great
game to play to him
you can't stop playing this what time is
it it's 11 no you know this is fine this
is a fine game I'm not terribly into it
yeah
sounded like him to be something up your
alley yeah buddy somebody didn't know
what your steam was they they sent it to
me and said can you give this a jacking
look out fast along no this it was the
it was the correct called thinking that
this would be something up my alley
because it is the thing I'm not actually
down with is like just the like the
character design I'm not into like the
god thing right well I also I'm sure
they're going for something stylized but
the background you know the actual
levels just looks lazy yeah just this
black outline look
ya know and it all fits in the style
it's just not a style that I'm
particularly fond of so it's fine
oh so this is this question somebody
asked a while ago are there any non
mainstream comics you're a fan of give
me an example of a non mainstream comic
well I won't level I will tell your mind
first time okay great
Cerebus is really good until Dave sim
found religion and then the Cerebus
started to get really really bad but
Cerebus the artwork service the aardvark
is the actual name of the comic book
you've got a writ of service I've not
heard you're a comic wizard
yeah and you're a comic book nerd oh my
god Jack you should be ashamed you you
you have to turn in your your comic book
fan badge now oh yeah yeah it's like
it's like the first major independent
comic book famously famously shortly
after he started doing the book he C
claimed that it was it was only gonna go
300 issue and Sarah was gonna die and a
300 issue and he did it oh great yeah
but the book was bad long before they
got there like he he actually did lose
his mind like around the time when the
book was getting bad I think he actually
there were like 20 straight issues where
service was just hanging out her bar for
like 20 to 30 issues straight
all right that's really funny
yeah it started as a Conan parody and
then it got like weird and and political
and whatnot and then it just went crazy
no I've never I've never even heard of
this yeah sounds great I'm saying I I
wanted to answer that question just
because like literally earlier today I
was rereading some service I was
rereading parts of high society and
church and state
shot you haven't heard of it I'm sorry
I'm so sorry if my sometime if my credit
it's okay
is it though the the tick would count
okay as a non mainstream and I would
also claim that the original not like
that like the Archie comics version but
the original black and white Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtle comics but
definitely countess means non mainstream
cops okay oh but I've thought of it it's
probably the Johnny the homicidal maniac
series okay okay I want to say those
count as as non mainstream comics even
though he went on to do some mainstream
stuff
I don't have this down but the the
Johnny the homicidal maniac was really
really beautifully fun that or Scud the
disposable assassin which I know we've
talked about a ton but discovered
disposable assassin is something that is
right up my alley
as far as like you know robot assassin
robot assassin anytime you have a robot
assassin I am down that's my real that's
my general rule in life
I agree Colonel rich mustard I do want
to play something else somebody in its
yet some somebody in the chat is poking
fun at the Howard the Duck comic books
okay you know I do like the Howard the
dark comic books because if you're
thinking about the movie that's that's
not really what the original comic books
were right yeah the original near the
original Howard the Duck is actually
deep there they're bringing it back
yeah I'm sure date I'm sure God I'm
drawing a blank on his name I'm sure
Steve Gerber is rolling in his grave
Gerber is rolling creator of holiday bug
sure box
I blocked
I've been already here
well I'm sorry they might do it justice
who knows
[Music]
Wow
are you done with this game jack I mean
pretty much but you know I want to see
what I want to see what I can do
no problem I'm just wondering if you get
ready to call it or play something else
hello caller stream yeah I just opened a
new snack that's fine reason that's
that's my read that's my reason that's
all the reason again which I'm sure is
enough for most of you know we can go
look you know what let's do a little
wiki Wars sure because why the hell not
kick the bomb guys that's what you do I
am starting like I'm getting this game a
little bit more and more here and there
which I do like
but still it's it's just not my
definitely not my cup of tea but I'm
getting it wife calls lots of calls for
Oregon Trail oh it's definitely too late
now for the trail but that was Oregon
Trail was really fun
[Music]
I'm outta here
Turkish okay yeah I'm done this is a
fine game I'm fine with this game not
necessarily my um I don't like the look
yeah that's the real thing that's
killing it for me is not liking the look
and then the gameplay isn't the gameplay
isn't intriguing and enticing enough to
make up for the look that I don't like
yeah much like I was thought we were
talking about earlier with spelunky
where it's like I don't necessarily like
the look of spelunky but the gameplay is
so perfect that it makes up for it I
wish I could like if I knew how to mob
my game stuff I would definitely like
palette swap everything in spelunky okay
and I think it's weird you're not liking
it because he asked a big nose that's
weird
but then again then again I don't like
the look of Arkham Knight Batman so Who
am I to talk I was using 1/4 of the mugs
you're right no you're right I was
playing the game wrong yeah you're
absolutely right and I apologized and
I'm sorry I mean I get a internet thing
up here no yeah well no the big nose was
like an example of the art style that it
didn't like you know mm-hmm like it's
you know just very very Curt
