Episode 142
Hack & a SPACE QUEST 1 (Part 3)
December 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGaYYmFxeF8
___________________________________________

long is happening with my internet right
now and I don't know what the answer is
also we still need to get me Internet
around well let's make sure we get the
let's make sure we get this stream back
tell me when the stream comes back yeah
yeah it's automatically reconnecting I'm
refreshing what happens when i refresh
freshing yeah I'm gonna say we're
halfway done now we're halfway done now
what Jesus Christ I don't know if we can
make it all night
no might have to make this a two-parter
finish up finish yourself on Wednesday
this is May we can stream space what's
one from your new computer
I know we should do that Blood Dragon I
said I made a promise ok the game was a
game was purchased for me
oh ok well how about this how about this
how about we have a special stream I
thought we have a special stream later
on yeah that's what um cuz just cuz it's
getting late and if we're only halfway
through yeah I mean we should finish it
up well I mean let's figure to figure
out this and then while we'll talk about
when we're gonna stream acts the council
consists of a monitor and a cartridge
slot Oh a cartridge slot there are also
some readouts which indicate the status
of the mechanisms and great ok so you
know what we do then we save that's what
we do here ok
and we'll leave it there we will leave
it here and we'll put a cartridge in the
slot when we come back and perhaps we
can come back tomorrow night well
there's there's a probably a better
stopping point just a little ways ok
like a natural break point coming up
yeah but it's a lot the cartridge snaps
and neatly into this
and the screen comes alive whoever shall
read this my name is dr. slash da hua
I'm a scientist with the star generator
project Barbie star lab Arcadia we have
just successfully completed development
and testing of the star generator during
this time I have come to believe that
our progress has been monitored by
others I fear that the sari ins may have
learned of our mission if my fears
proved true the star generator and the
people of the universe are in serious
jeopardy the star generator is a
miraculous device use as intent used as
intended
it will help preserve life for eons to
come used as a device for evil it would
only cause the destruction of millions
of lives and enslave all those who
oppose cesareans
encoded with this cartridge are all the
plans and specifications for the
construction of the star generator
should any disaster befall the star
generator project scientists would be
able to create a duplicate of all the
star generators with this information
please guard this with your life return
it to the Zeon ruling body as quickly as
is possible
yeah oh oh all that happened before this
it was just prologue his important note
of the star generator is capable of
self-destruction this was introduced to
the system as a precaution to activate
it once bubble wha oh wait we need to
remember that code six eight five eight
wait save that right why don't you save
a game and then call out six eight five
eight oh that's a good idea this was a
self-destruct this was into 685 eight
okay a five-minute timer will begin to
countdown beware anyone within five
kilometers of the star generator will be
in danger once the timer has been
initiated please be careful and good
luck six eight five eight I'm gonna
write that down as a notebook I'm gonna
physically write that down because we
know jack
of course it's going to come up and this
is what you would do back in the day you
would write down no I'm not reading the
check that I'll see you guys taking
numbers six eight five eight six five
code destruct code okay
so it was that the natural stopping
point or is there another one okay okay
get on thing get on I don't understand
got the vehicle they gave you they want
yeah what's it called I think I'm her
yep there we go mmm-hmm okay go way the
chance saying something that that yeah
did you take the cartridge did you leave
the cartridge behind and I left the
cartridge behind cartridge you're
probably right that probably would be
important you you wisely retrieved the
cartridge from its slot Thank You Jan I
will stop you from doing mistakes when
you can't go back and correct them and
so that by the way this is the thing
like if if we would have left the ship
without the cartridge yes that would
have been the entire game yes and if you
were playing this for the first time and
didn't know to do that you would get to
this point you would get hours into the
game what are we now we're six hours
we're six hours into it much quicker
once you know the solution sure oh not
six hours we're 6 and
minutes live what were hours into the
game and yeah you would have just been
like well I'm fucked now okay okay
earn on look at as described it is a
sand skimmer and looks like a skimmer
quite a bit of this Oh God come on and
looks like it has skimmed quite a bit of
sand in its time on it is a panel which
has a small readout currently dark and a
keyhole with a key in it great
earn key you turn the key and suddenly
the jet turbines begin to were the
skimmer begins to shake beneath you as
its platform slowly moves on to the
launch tube you can't help but wonder
what you've gotten yourself into this
time as you hang on the skimmer rises
slowly to the surface of the planet via
the secret passage how are you enjoying
this Jack I am I'm enjoying this quite a
bit this is fun this is really fun um
not quite I will say this I had a little
bit more fun with just the text yeah
yeah at some point okay I'm okay with
this upon reaching the surface you
throttle up and zoom off into the sunset
I figured this might be better for a
stream cuz you know those visuals yeah I
know no by the way absolutely I think I
just want to play Zork on my own yeah I
got a I got an app there's this app I
got a I got an iPhone app called um well
I'll tell you what it's called after
after the stream I started madly like
looking for text adventure a blurs and
there's an iPhone app called froths RF
otz and it's it's like a people submit
their own text adventures and so it's
like a user-generated text adventures
and it includes stuff like those or
canned and the classics yeah that you
can just play on your iPhone which I'm
very excited about
the settlements the alien spoke of
appears to be on the horizon oh god I
need to
I can go back and forth yep do it can I
hit a rock yep
oh I don't want to do that no mostly
because I didn't save Oh No what's the
number one rule Jack oh my god
damage is moderate now rich the damage
is serious now rich the number one rule
is save I know
you could probably do it now no no
there's no there's no proms
now situations critical rich
Oh No Oh No
this is okay this is my twitch gaming
right here this is my
this is where my hyper chiton I died
Chad says no that's podracing ah darn it
thank you I was gonna have you thank you
for playing Space Quest it's gonna have
you stopped after this section but if
you want to stop now but you didn't save
I'll understand we'll get to the damn
point hold on all right take cartridge
wait did I save what do I have it with
me already yeah okay I have the
cartridge that I read use it at all
I don't know how do I know do it again
yeah
just skip the the dialogue squeeze you
can just a case okay great
as long as you have that code it might
not matter but just in case it does a
cartridge okay I wisely remove the
cartridge from the slot okay oh you know
what I should do I should save these
first 19 you do get on em er
turn-key urine key I earned for the
Yorkie here we go here we go mm the code
changes I don't remember that oh my god
it's been many years but you know what
this will be saved on YouTube even
though I went bad that I just clicked
buy all the stuff really quickly freeze
frame I will freeze frame that on
YouTube later you have outsmarted the
trolls because I don't think that code
changes okay
goddammit I've hit two rocks already
rich Oh what the fuck jack this is tough
Oh three rocks okay I think I can hit
one more rut nope
okay I can hit one more rock and then
we're dead I made it much farther than
last time
how do you do this this is tough nobody
end up dead goddamn it how do you do
that you know again you know okay yeah
give er no er Nikki all right
you're a quick save button a quick save
bucket can you save it while you're on
the skimmer I don't know
we'll find out someone saying to slow
down the speed of the game you can do
that
you actually can't do that yeah yeah
okay I think I got it
I think if we just stick to open okay
Damon
and I think if we just stick to a side
here
I have only had one rock so far I'm
doing good I'm doing better Oh two rocks
okay
and three rocks okay it almost looked
like I was at the four rocks I think I
get one more Rock
and a bit ok so what's what's this about
the speed of the game a little many
thing at the top because I can't I'm
watching the stream now because ok that
call think I disconnect oh that's right
ok hold on I can I can I can do this ok
hold on
I get on scammer earned e alright and I
was able to like it to a save menu here
ok
oh yeah speed is now on slow alright
alright
using mode coming up easy oh my god yeah
this is
this is much easier and I still hit a
rock all right great
I think there's something that people
might not realize this moving is really
weird to move left you press left but
then - okay into rocks but then to stop
moving left you have to press left again
or you just move right - automatically
you know
and so that's a little more difficult
that's like that's weird movement are
they random are they the same every time
that's a good question
I have not been paying attention
I'm hyper focused now rich
stay focused and we'll try not to
distract you too much
except for when I distract you by
talking like I am now oh my god rich how
dare you
100 are you
okay
jeez
okay we're doing it
we're doing it oh god damn it I hit
another rock
even in slow mode I'm hidden rocks okay
I'm sure you can save even during this
racing part
yes
yes I can I'm saving okay just don't
save right before you're about to hit a
rock and you'll be fine right
okay focused focused on not hitting
rocks
okay so I'm not hitting rocks
don't hit a rock
don't hit a rock I didn't hit it I
didn't hit it yet
I say yet as if I'm going to hit a
goddamn rock don't hate it
don't hit it bob and weave bob and weave
well like a butterfly sting like a bee
okay okay we're good we're good
I apologize for this noise everyone I'm
sure I'm sure it's lovely for you all to
listen to
but this is the noise this is what we
get
it's a little intense like the buzzing
of our skimmer deep breaths doing fine
doing fine I feel like I'm doing fine Oh
whoo that was pretty intense he managed
to successfully navigate through the
treacherous boulder field and are quite
relieved to see that you've reached the
settlement also also that thing was
supposed to be on autopilot just this is
me just saying here after a truly stone
crushing journey you have miraculously
arrived safely in Lentz flats and just
in time too because these skimmers Power
Cell has been drained it will take some
time to recharge itself
this place isn't quite what you had
expected it is semi bleak at best that's
great so this is the part you were
talking about all right
Bay's west 21 boom boom
great well then we are gonna leave it
there for now
welcome to Ellen's flats this this is
great this is very Cantina yeah oh
definitely I mean I'm sure I'm
absolutely sure okay well then we will
do we will do a special extra stream
this week to finish up Space Quest 1 I
don't know when it'll be maybe I don't
know maybe we can finally do one of
those early streams for our European
viewers can't do that can't be the ninth
I know that it can't be the ninth but
maybe tomorrow maybe we could do one
tomorrow night okay we'll see you know
what guys we'll see I am dangerously
behind on our next prereq episode but
I'm getting far it's finally getting to
a closed point rich which I'm very
excited about that's fine it's I know
it's fine but oh man no I myself a
deadline and I'm
did several times over need to be
cranking these things out once a week
Jack I we we were doing really good
where we were getting to a month our
first you know our first like 10
episodes we were doing a really good at
to a month and then we we hit a little
wall with the holidays so and it's me I
hit all of the holidays I'm sorry
everybody I'm sorry but yes make sure
everyone make sure to check out our
Twitter and we'll tell you when we're
streaming I think we can do it tomorrow
night okay and we're gonna we're gonna
finish this like something comes up with
the studio tomorrow I'm good for
tomorrow night so excellent well then
yeah just check our Twitter and it'll do
the time probably same same time around
8:30
well did you want to try it earlier for
Europe boo maybe you know what the
answer is maybe that's all I got that's
all I can promise
we should probably I mean we should
Europe one at some other time
yeah does that sure that's really sure
that's a very short notice first okay
okay wait so you know what we will I can
give no guarantees out anything that's
all that's all so I we will end now
thank you everyone for coming out
special thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank everyone else for
spoiling space quest one in the chat
even though I wasn't reading the chance
so I didn't see any way haha
it'll be you know what it'll be fine I
just feel like no I shouldn't check like
Twitter or anything because people are
just gonna tweet me spoilers it'll be
fine okay okay
it'll be fine but we'll see you we'll
see you tomorrow probably mine have a
nice something-or-other
gah gah Dios adios muchachos