Episode 146
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon LAZER DRAGONS WOOO!!
December 21, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDUCJjBVFxA
___________________________________________

it's so exciting I mean possibly we
don't even know for screaming in we've
had this problem before where you know
magically we've stopped streaming no
video voting no nail in it that means
it's working
this is it
perfect perfect spurt bar it's a 1
perfect so far my first stream is just
aces warm on time so far there are zero
technical problems there
we're 15 seconds into your first great
i-i-i i didn't know things are gonna go
south any second now I did not know a
stream could go so perfectly ah
do you think it's because of this
fantastic new computer hi kind of can
you show me how to use the software but
I set this off absolutely yeah yeah
congratulations rich congratulations I'm
updating stream now can I just throw my
hat in here and say that I think it's
working because of me absolutely okay so
I'm starting with Jack about how I say
testing 1 2 3
Jex is testing 1 2 no no it's paying
attention because it was curious with
Jay didn't really think about it yeah
Jay just says check Mike check Mike I
say check check microphone check yeah
there's no number accounting at all
there's none he doesn't completely wrong
more am I the only one that doesn't
right you don't need nobody really you
just need that your voice yeah it
doesn't matter what you say it doesn't
matter what you're saying you can you
could take a look at Igor which I might
say Jack there's a proper way to do
things you're right there's a protocol
and everyone else is doing it wrong with
me and actually for Mike the tests
aren't you supposed to say stuff with
s's really because then you can know
whether or not you're getting some harsh
I think like peas would be in poor Peter
yeah you don't want to pop your peas
maybe
so I don't know so instead of saying
testing 1 2 3 I should say testing 1 2 3
yeah I don't no idea what that is I
don't know either
Oh have you seen this I I was at that
shoot oh my god I mean there's a credit
to me somewhere but I don't know if it's
online I think it's not putting in any
way this is the first stream with my
brand spankin new computer mmm my
blazing fast computer so your computer
that's so fast we can actually play a
far cry hey yeah yeah to christen it I
figured we would you know run something
a bit more modern a bit more fancy
flashy 3d e ries indeed yeah so this is
a far cry 3 Blood Dragon starring
Michael Payne bean it's been iris I was
pain cuz been some stupid well it's been
well now you make now you're making
Michael Biehn feel bad about he can't do
anything about his name don't insult
consult Michael Biehn I was a terminator
yep Abed Michael Biehn did he just like
marry like a Playboy bunny I don't know
I think he just directed a movie yeah is
Michael being Michael Biehn wisdom was
the father in Game of Thrones right I'm
in Idaho I've never seen Game of Thrones
he's the one who notoriously dies and
everything that he's in Michael Biehn no
no you're thinking of uh Sean beat Sean
Bean yes I figure Sean Bean yes Michael
Biehn he's a recent terminator Hicks
motherfucking next no but it's a big
thing
he's not a well nut like his name isn't
well yeah he's not as big as he should
Turing's of the movies he's been man I'd
like to in every one of those movies so
you chant you know me by now I don't
know names or things or places or
fractions come on who's Laura Dern yeah
that's right exactly so so Jays here so
I think this is going to work is I'm
going to start game and then Jay and
Jack are gonna chat about this as well I
get lost in the game but that's okay
field for you to chime in at any point
talk about the game well because I'm
sure we'll be talking about something
very unimportant it's hard to
concentrate on game and talk oh sure it
happens you know vocal fool I know
plenty of things about things because
I've seen it once and it's terrible
things is the best things is the warm
things is the worst
I need to introduce new people to things
that's the best part of watching it just
watching other people watch it somebody
bring up that piece of shit things yeah
oh here's something have you guys seen
the new Mad Max trailer there is a
teaser trailer and now there's a new
trailer it looks so fucking awesome it's
hard for me to get like what it's not
for me to anticipate anything anymore
we're like oh I can't wait for this but
it looks fucking great real I'm so
excited I'm excited for you I'm excited
that you're excited because I know you
and I know that's a rare thing yes that
you're excited for smaller movies but
you have a different set of expectations
for a smaller like an indie horror film
than you do for a big like tentpole
action movie but this Mad Max trailer is
pretty great great
yeah large movies it's rare for me to
get excited about anymore
Oh rich they all come into the waa XD
I'm using some kind of fancy ass pad I'm
not using the regular keyboard one my
using here it's called e Wolfgang that
it's got some kind of goofy ass name but
the keys are laid out a bit more like a
grid pattern it's very straight and I
don't circle I don't like scrunching my
fucking thumb up to hit that s key for
down that's just fucking uncomfortable I
like just evenly spaced your fingers
yeah it's more comfortable to me it
makes sense a button picture like a
circle and then all the keys of a normal
keyboard are kind of arranged weird yeah
yes circle it's weird
so it's weird but you know I know rich
because rich is playing this he's using
a mouse and keyboard and I'm still
launching on the goddamn couch he's
still on the couch you know he's not
using a trackpad because we're using
Rich's computer anymore this this is
going to be everyone is gonna love this
because you're using the things you're
supposed to use I might be distracted
you're talking with you guys it was a
good shot coming up soon
does the post-apocalyptic game yes i
think i think in the trailer they call
it the apocalypse of the Apocalypse
oh they're asking you to turn on
subtitles oh that would be a good idea
yeah I don't want anyone I can skip
because I can't laugh because I'm not
skipping skip the cutscene no I refuse
this the first time I played this I put
up this thing go get a streaming server
this is my first time with a game that's
right a Lucky Strikes set in 2007 yes I
started this once just to see how it
would run and rent really nice oh yeah
this is you've got the gaming machine
just looking at that I'm not like
Terminator 1 music goin kind of oh yeah
oh look at those cybernetic enhancements
this is good this is fuckin awesome
sergeant Rex power Colts
or and yes everyone in the chat I did
hear about the new difficulty settings
for alien isolation they've added two
new different things both harder than
hard so now everyone who played with a
card sent me weren't you playing it
right twice's to these but also people
weren't playing it right now it's weird
by here
this isn't difficult people it's it's
really waiting to do the screen on the
cut sensor yeah it's not that urgent
tiny it's really weird you know I guess
I'm doing hug about that but that is
weird you're right maybe I think it's
supposed to be like the comic book panel
II may be the actual game plan lifer now
look fer
oh that's right subtitles chat so me
were where subtitles be your where they
where where be our subtitle Oh Leo's I'm
sorry but rich has been taken over by up
higher
no no video video ok maybe be well then
I doubt your overall quality said on our
truck yes Jesus Christ rich your new
computers awesome it's it's probably an
audio but someone's saying it's in video
oh ok I guess that makes sense
yeah oh yeah your friends don't do that
also you do hit apply oh yeah all right
back to it why isn't the Miami
connection song playing rich sorry
should play through the whole game only
through the elimination of violence can
we achieve world peace
now excuse me while I cut this man howdy
there you watch that I haven't watched
it since we did it for best of the worst
right I need to watch that movie again I
know it wasn't Netflix for a while I
don't know if it still is if it is
everyone in the chat should watch Miami
connection again even if it's not
everyone in the judge the wash plant and
you should seek it out yeah definitely
congratulations I love it I love my love
The Terminator style laser bum steer
so what's this minute what is this
mission here pay attention okay I'll
properly restart later and just play it
from scratch secret
for now I'm just going to what what yeah
that's true we got we are only streaming
yeah just to make sure you guys get you
know good stream we are all be streaming
in 720 which I know I know
only only in 720 we'll work on it
what is this 1984 that's the job Jay
Bowman's beard yes I've seen prisoners
of lost universe I cosplayed as Dan
Roebuck from prisoners of the lost
universe and one of our early half of
the bag episodes if you haven't seen it
and I interviewed what's-his-face the
the lead actor from Battlestar Galactica
what's his name
James no no the original Battlestar
because he was in prisoners of the lost
universe and so I interviewed him in
cosplay as his character but he had no
idea oh and then once he figured out he
realized we were kind of he'd smartasses
oh I'm sorry
Richard Hatch that was the same Richard
Hatch did you skip the tutorial yeah
sorry almost done for comedy Oh cuz he's
saying things like god dammit why can't
I shoot things already I got it out nice
as he should be
we have River Jack I can't read that
from here so you know it was Cameron
Mitchell hey Cameron Mitchell thank you
for subscribing we've been
tip moving allows you to go in many
exciting directions also Cameron
Mitchell make sure you close that door
close that fucking door close the door
I've shit I can't turn on a water way
would you close the fucking door
Lucky Strike says I rewatched generally
episode that you realise Jack was it an
episode it's true Jack was the mailman
yeah you're a bad man twice but it's
like three years apart when you show up
as the mailman again no I never oh no
your body does yeah yeah that's right
you're deer here on body that's been
hectic pieces shows up we did shoot like
your head on the ground I remember that
and we didn't end up using it for some
reason maybe we can get the effect to
work I don't even remember mm-hmm yep
it's true also you know here's a little
behind the scene tidbits about the very
first half in the bag episode oh yeah
I was called in for a very special
assignment on the very first day I don't
remember that I wrote my special design
there was no intrude Jane like affection
both of them had to be on camera at the
same time so I had to dolly the camera
oh that's right
for the end when George Lucas comes in
right that's right when George Lucas
came an ascension when they come in you
Mike and rich were all on camera yes
so he needed somebody to move the camera
never forget about that the grinding of
my sack
my sac is one word mysic thank you for
subscribing very appreciated oh oh my
lord and grumpy kitten thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
usually in the early half of the
episodes if you see all three of them on
camera at a time and the camera moves
yeah that's me if I remember right we
shot the skit stuff for episodes 1 & 2
like I'm the same day do her that cuz
good for day 2 that was when the the the
masseuse comes over and plinking tries
to lay on the the ironing board I want
to say we shot those at the same time
did you shoot that and Mail me a tongue
at the same time
no mam and Tommy was later because I was
that was the Transformers episode that
was not anymore what number episode that
was seven eight something like that that
was a while later okay okay but even yes
you are correct you should have those
kids at the same time yeah
Chelsea this was very yeah as most
people are the turn around us on a
regular basis wait what are you doing
what is this oh yes I could tell you
right I was also one of the comedy ball
patrons when Jillian oh yeah I don't
even remember if any of its in the
episode I remember we shot some stuff
where you're actually talking more like
you kept leaning over to us and making
comments I don't even remember what
ended up in the episode
you're in the middle thanks yeah we shot
because both Jillian and I are big
improvisers uh-huh
we shot a ton with me and Jillian now
it's all gone now
that's it so what happens with improv
yep all the gold I'm sure nothing
because I want to say some of us funny I
just don't remember what it was anymore
I just don't we shot a lot oh I'm sure
it doesn't matter because it was super
fun like Joey you know he told her to be
a really bad stand-up and all she did
was give the setups to jokes my favorite
I think this is on the outtakes on the
archive DVDs but just a few girls hey
you guys remember dicks and that was a
joke do you guys remember dicks yes
what did stay in the episode though is
her talking about teleporting inside her
boombox do you remember that no she's
like something like I was in the middle
of getting intimate and then BAM i
teleported inside my jam box it's not a
joke I don't even know what it is but
it's funny
Thank You Arthur J for reminding me no I
didn't Hey I was so overcome by how
great farcry looks
I forgot the tweet oh all right I'm
tweeting now
tweet me tweet their live so for
everyone who doesn't follow us on Twitch
are already dying
okay so yeah I fucked up wait
okay I have now sweetie it's just so
weird like I came to the studio today
and I come on stop doing awful I didn't
bring my computer like it's so weird he
just showed up just showed up yeah it
was great
no they're saying that pistol is
supposed to be like a Robocop pistol
yeah that kinda looks a little robocopy
yeah thanks future well it is in the
year 2007 so what's next year what what
futuristic telling to happen to do in
2015 that's a good one I don't think
we're gonna have flying cars by next
year did do a fake thing for hoverboards
oh yeah oh yeah that was a while ago
I remember seeing that okay but actually
then they came out with quasi real one
you need like a special track I heard
about that yeah yeah
the fake video was fun your day was it
funnier now okay
I just never read in the comments or
people like this is obviously fake
you're like well yeah obviously but then
again the repealed I felt the need to
point out that the Rich's reaction the
Star Wars trailer was fake I mean it
could have been
it's clearly fake you are a genius
is the inevitable space cop games going
to be like this exactly this in fact is
farcry space cop the set design is very
similar to a lot of the stuff we've done
in space cop - yes this looks a lot like
space all you do is you make the
character move a little slower an
emotive swag rich that's a funny swag
rich from from your t-shirt video Rachel
oh yeah I never think of it as being
like swag rich cuz that's just how it
rich always is right so I don't even
notice anymore if anything someone's
being swag is someone being like rich
Lucky Strikes that's a good question
rich why do you need to read a little
later it's a fine question
oh you're right Oxygen's right needs new
batteries you have the shotgun they're
saying switch the shotgun it's much
cooler yeah so nothing or more switch
weapons button for this for you I don't
fix it first of all if you have a
shotgun I mean always go shotgun in any
game in a male shooter you go each other
you know that's my go-to in any game no
there's some ones there's some effective
machine guns check those you're sorry
sorry it's just way more fun with
shotgun
oh nice throw real the the grenade
button and not to change what the button
is don't only if only there was where
you could change it wait a minute
previous uh next visit us for now
yes Ritchie's using a mouse a keyboard
rich always uses a mouse or keyboard
it's it's means what you're supposed to
this is the only way let's do this
you were required by law to do it that
way and Jack you are breaking the law
breaking look oh my god I could do that
would be hilarious if rich was playing
is like I'm a touchscreen what
okay now the button I put switch looks
like weapon is throwing grenades I know
someone saying there wasn't an email
notification I did apply about the
street there wasn't that's what
someone's saying Oh
I know why that was such that might be
that might be in your settings you might
need to double-check that you're in your
settings you get email notifications
from us I could be a weird thing with
your advices are for close range of
course they are eight times in close
range
that I know they're saying you that was
actually a sniper rifle nothing yeah
nothing so in fact that was the opposite
of a shotgun that's cool
Michael Michael Bynes yeah that's that's
alien style right there he had that
shotgun neutral thing he didn't get the
notification let me double check out my
in that up mmm that works out to notify
people thank you for later I thought
yeah someone said they haven't gotten
email notifications in a while for
prereq stuff well everything is fucked
yeah at festively a sniper level
someone else the same no email tonight
have every other time so I don't know
someone saying has to do with twitch
because they're not getting other
notifications from other streams oh that
could be still I mean we need to
remember that which is still a
relatively young web service is it it is
and then you know they just of course
got bought by Amazon but you know the
infrastructure hasn't changed yet so
they're still working on it and of
course they're growing exponentially
yeah everyone's twitch streaming now and
so it's just like we have to deal with
some of these villages twitch my job
which glitch deck tell rich to use his
mini-map
he always has bad guys shooting at him
nearby and doesn't notice rich I okay
use your minivan you know exact Peterson
you're right I did from this technical
difficulties tonight but we everything
went swimming everything went really
great I could not say yet you failed
that having no difficulties I really but
um you know this is this is good
I think we're doing it seems to be
working
what am I talking out of my ass about
Dan what oh there they said listen to
Jack talking out of his ass but
pretending like he knows what he's
saying first of all that's all the time
that's gonna say that they can just copy
paste that at any point during the
stream oh I saw someone I think it's
past it now they asked why I made peanut
butter cookies when I know rich is
allergic because I make them for them
well I made them for my family
I just brought extra cookies because
they were burnt I thought no no they
were there were cookies that didn't turn
out so well they were for my family for
Thanksgiving the Thanksgiving the things
and when when he ruined them and they
weren't good enough for his family then
I then I gave my scraps to oh my god
people are shocked that I have a family
I'm pretty sure everybody does to some
extent otherwise you would not exist
oh okay
and her blood scam right alarm go great
do it I see an arrow link down here so I
can go down I guess in in the building
like area if I can find entrance hey
Harry Potter does to have a family
they just keep him in a cupboard is that
a thing Harry Potter they keep him in a
cupboard what does the boy learn for the
Harry Potter series I've seen them all
here's my thing with the Harry I've
never in the books but my thing with the
movies is I saw all of them in the
theater when they came out okay not like
a big fan or anything I just want to
song because there were movies too then
every time the ended I'd say that was
entertaining and then the next day I
completely forgot everything that
happened those movies are like in one
ear out the other for rape let's see
well except for the one with the
werewolf Gary Oldman one with the
werewolf because I was made by a very
talented filmmaker that the other ones
are just gonna play it but I don't even
remember anything about him being in a
cupboard I don't remember any of that
remember in the first Harry Potter movie
his it's his aunt and uncle yeah then
they're sort of by the way his family
okay actually I don't know if I did see
the first one I don't know if I ever saw
that one I think after that one that
gave him away okay
he starts living under the stairs okay
because he's an embarrassment to his
family but that should not have taken
three fucking hits I'm sorry
yeah it's hard to see how long that
would take but I'm sure those range I'm
not dying
yeah you know I'm too spider Harry
Potter movies they they're all fine yeah
they're okay my wife was a big fan of
this box is a big fan of no I really
loved the books so yeah of course we're
gonna see movies and all and there was
one of the Harry Potter movies that
ended with Harry Potter like it was a
frame of him on his that actually might
have been the end of the world one
forget no one because that one was
pretty dark I don't think it would end
like that one of them ended on a very
chipper everybody's happy it was a free
spring it's probably one of the year
look first two then I'm gonna say J to
see the new Mad Max trailer yes it looks
so fucking awesome
back paying attention no Gabby I'm
missing I'm sure I'm missing a ton of
things I'm working their hearts out
charlie I don't know why I do with the
hearts okay
yeah one cyberarts so people are saying
it wants to wear with one that ended
with the cheesy freeze-frame yeah
interesting
and it's so yes that was a dark movie
but you know they eat chocolate frogs
and oh thank you freaky I got his merch
today I write in the mail oh that's
right thank you for from purchasing
thank you for supporting us hard at work
packaging stuff all day that's what we
did all day was processing orders and
packaging because in addition to
creating the videos that we make editing
the videos that we make updating the
website building sets we also package
and send out all of our products
ourselves so busy
yeah and a new t-shirts by the way feel
fantastic yeah yeah they're nice they're
nice shirts we met with the company that
made them before we decided to order
them and looked at the different styles
of shirts they had and figured out what
we thought would be the most comfortable
quality-control that's what we're about
when getting these t-shirts they're not
cheap oh crap
t-shirt is very nice very good I want
one they won't let me have one well yeah
yeah exactly we have a limited run at
the moment no Liz 6005 our hands did not
touch the merchandise we use like those
those grapper things that old people use
so we don't physically touch them right
we're actually we're wearing hazmat
suits or something I got blown up
I don't know only there's way you could
find out I'm sorry I know I know you're
just talking through it and I like that
I like that you're talking through it I
was being asked a lot I apologize
now there is oh my god yeah I gave for
Jay you're getting your shirt
sometime after you go order and pay for
it I don't know if you guys like so no
tracking members anything I honestly I
don't deal with that aspect of it so I
don't know that's not my department
it's coming maybe stop rich Evans baby
phase t-shirt listen I don't know if
it's possible right that's the question
isn't it now you can get the shirt
mmm you mean just for the because of the
the colors and whatnot yeah yeah um I
don't know we'd have to look into it
well I usually combine it with addictive
birthday boy yeah yeah because people
have asked about take the birthday boy
shirts but what people want a big
birthday boy shirt yeah anything else on
it I guess I I think you I'd feel weird
selling a shirt that just says that bad
blocky text like that's kind of lame I
mean maybe that's what people would want
I don't put some sort of like red letter
media logo somewhere small yeah maybe I
don't know all right we're gonna we've
sticking with the simple ones right now
just go he wanted to kind of ease into
this yeah we'll see don't sorry a fuck
you it's Jen you Airy t-shirt cuss words
you know listen that's a tricky thing I
would put now a t-shirts I mean swear
words on sure you know and you guys have
so many memorable catchphrases uh-huh
like hey you know every time we say no
that's a big one No
when you say shut up that's a really
good good phrase we all we just say that
to you though that's not a catchphrase
we do on the shows that's where I always
see people doing that's right J yeah I
guess that's a pretty common one yeah I
don't we don't want to go overboard with
the shirts people were asking for shirts
so we've made some shirts
I don't want to go crazy we'll see good
birthday what has a good question is
where do I make a note if I want items
signed when I order um it should be
there should be like a leave a comment
field somewhere on the order for their
PayPal yeah nobody's asked for a sign
t-shirt
no one is that's for a sign t-shirt it
might be tricky cuz they're dark yeah so
I mean we have some like silver pens and
stuff but I don't know how it would look
on a shirt yeah there should be just
don't look good yeah I'll leave a note
leave a comment something like that yeah
or if that doesn't work if you can't
find it or or if it's maybe cuz I know
we're going through band camp I think
it's still process processes through
PayPal but if nothing else just send us
an email saying your name your order
number can you guys sign this contact at
red letter media com sure great so there
that's yes you could have gotten your
DVD signed the posters we sign a lot of
posters huh the the DVDs sign the
dividend
also the posters that's about all we got
all right guys good yeah quiet I love I
love the look of this game yeah all the
like all the purples and greens this is
so I know they're doing it to be like
kitschy but it just looks neat yeah no I
like that slightly like bright vivid
colors like that yeah and it just makes
everything stand out really nice it's
just good enemy design you know yeah
this is a neat looking game rich is your
character a human psyche one it is a
cyborg okay I don't know feels like a
human with a robotic arm or something
hey pop me oh my god if you forget
warped purple space Gazoo goodness I
know you're saying you want to warp
purple space because we could t-shirt
but I want cold eyes those are great in
the game probably couldn't do the
t-shirt because it's not a character
yeah you should get the hell out of that
my sack grinding of myself the question
that I'm going to answer because it
seems like he would like to know in a
fictional fight those Elna vs. Mario
Zelda vs. Mario you know it depends on
what you Silva you're talking about is
it normal Silva in which case she's just
a princess like it doesn't have much
going for her the Zelda and Smash
Brothers has some superpowers could it
be possible that you met link oh yeah
versus when I was when I was a kid I
always thought that the main character
was Zelda yeah cuz I didn't play that
game but my brother did um a real quick
deed duval 49:59 sorry D Duval 59 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it so I guess you know it
make me Mario a wooden fighter cuz in
general he saves princesses but yeah oh
yeah I thought you meant like I think
link because he has a sword and a bow
and arrow handles no weapons no items no
weapons no items yes no I don't know
whether here's a question though what
are they fighting about nobody gives you
shit I would think I would think the
motivation of the fight would have an
influence on who is more you know
engaged in wanting to win or I think
this is an
question okay Bowser and again have
banded together and stolen both
princesses fun obviously linked and
Mario could fight them individually so
they need to get rid of them and so they
say okay whoever wins the fight we won't
kill you're pretty won't kill your
princess you get your princess back okay
so that's so they have equal stakes okay
in in the fight and well Mario is from I
don't think this is in the games but I
know it's in the movie yeah isn't it
here from Brooklyn right yeah he's a
plumber from book okay is that in the
original games is there any mention of
that or was that just in the portal okay
I don't remember that we mention in the
manual yeah okay well I'm gonna say
Mario then cuz he grew up in Brooklyn
ling-ling grew up in old fantasy world
with elves and shit and fairies and
depending on which link because most of
the time the link is a child oh well
that changes everything
definitely full-grown man from Brooklyn
yeah he'll beat that little kids ass
Mario about like cool teenage link he
might have but still like yeah Mario
because also a Maura from Brooklyn would
do some dirty shit yes it's true he
jumps on people's heads break bricks
with his head give a shit it's not
afraid to mess things up with a hammer
either hmm
well yes man this is the man who
single-handedly took down an 800-pound
gorilla and after that he fought a
fucking dinosaur
you know of course if they have weapons
I don't care if Mario gets the the
mushroom you know the super mushroom or
Firefly I'll link have a sword and a
shield and bombs and a bow and arrow
he's gonna win if they have I missed but
no items it's mine glad we leave this
out this every single shot Oh dick the
birthday boy says a disordered shirt DVD
space got poster nowhere to put in a
note for signed items mmm
there should be but I don't know if
that's the case and just send us an
email
yep oh yeah here's a here's a really
good fanfiction
okay who would win a fight samurai cop
for a Basinski
near the Glen why is that man is not
stupid the character of samurai cop is
ease a little cocky yeah he's not as
bright as he thinks he is he trained
with them he trained with the Masters in
Japan Len cavity though is a legit
champion black belt
yes weapons training I I don't know very
enthusiastic yeah huh well I honestly
don't know who went on Twitter and he
just want another like major he just
want more major words oh really yeah oh
wow it's a weapon dude weapons good
samurai cop has a gun and a samurai
sword
I know um yeah I would say no weapons I
think I'm gonna go with Len I gotta give
us a life yeah he wasn't trained by the
Masters in Japan but he's pretty good
yeah and you know the samurai cop
doesn't seem to keep the training you
know like yeah he's not training
anywhere in the movie that's cuz he
thinks he's the shit he doesn't think he
needs two samurai capsules he's too
cocky
whereas land is still in it probably a
hundred times a week yeah
that's right Thank You electives in ski
trained with the Masters infer the
Masters in Petsmart
blood doesn't work at Petsmart by the
way I don't think we ever played that up
in our interview or anything we've done
but he does not work at Petsmart okay I
know we asked him but I couldn't
remember back up so he just knows the
people expect that bad smart
Oh tell me when you hear the one thing I
didn't hear I don't see you son
nice up fake some saying Jackie this
looking back to the jet go back I don't
see yourself you might be lying to me
whoa whose hair is more right just one
Kevin's here Hannah I gotta cover my
hand yeah yeah wig or no wig oh well I'm
sorry business business thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it might have
pushed down for me switch glitch Oh
crazy fat Ethel vs. divine um do you
know dividers yeah well if we're going
to divine in pink flamingos I'm gonna go
with divine cuz she's just a complete
psychopath I mean crazy crazy baffle is
a little older a little slower divine
will just lose your shit and go off so
divine yeah oh yeah so you never seen
pink flamingos a long time ago okay yeah
yeah it's a family of homicidal
characters yeah everybody knows the
ending
everybody knows that there's actually
there's a documentary
I think it's on Netflix now called I am
divine all about divine that's
definitely worth checking out if you're
a fan of John Waters and and divine
that's cuz that's that's where it's at
there's lots of good documentaries and
there's so many about such specific
things now like very like like I love
John water
I love divine like here's a documentary
specifically for me there's so many well
that's great so many have a distribution
out yeah yeah I think that's a big part
of it like yeah I mean there we had two
documentaries about VHS last year yeah
point it's a great time to be alive last
year so I'm really great okay doctor
three of those 100 really it was a video
exclusive NIU I mean it was made by a
company that makes what that okay here's
a little but like never did they once
like say like and now you know featuring
the new it was literally just about like
the history musicians who have used a
long pedal and why come like they talked
to the guy who played you know the shaft
theme song yeah extended interview with
that guy he was really pissed because he
didn't get to play any notes he's
literally just just okay he was really
upset with Isaac Hayes cuz I was exact
no dude that oh that's really so he was
like a really fascinating documentary
just about the wah pedal yeah there's a
documentary about the font Helvetica
like just woody specific documents yeah
there is I haven't seen it I've been
meaning to see it that's fine I've heard
it's good I saw someone a little while
ago asked if I would ever make a
documentary we kind of made a
documentary with how not to make a movie
which is one of the things we've done
that I'm most proud of actually there I
do have a couple ideas for documentaries
so maybe maybe one of these days I can
find the time to focus on them because I
like documentaries I like that poor man
and I like editing that that format
because we're sort of discovering what
the movie is as you're putting it
together yeah I like that
Peter Dinklage versus divine God go with
the vine I think most people versus
divine I would go with divine well aids
no be thank you for subscribing you know
they did that just to see you I would
say thank you yeah I do I still
appreciate it you're helping support
this dream yeah you know if you would
like if calling me a name makes you
support the strengthen you know it's
your life man that's fine Len verses
divine divine if we're talking divine in
either pink flamingos or female trouble
definitely divine that's crazy talk
right now cuz divine will fight dirty
Len will try and be like respectful and
sure you know he'll treat it like a like
a legitimate fight and divine will do
something nefarious
babbler yeah the our DVDs our region for
you that's good except for yours yeah if
you order them they will they will have
a region lock on them from its region
free for America I'm so happy to see
sunny week to specific Jam so happy I'm
like a joke I'm so happy to see so many
people talking about divine this is
great I don't know if anybody cared
I was thinking about I posted something
on Twitter the other day I posted a clip
from desperate living John Waters movie
never thinking about John Waters a lot
lately I need to go back and re-watch
some of his movies I owned them all I
love John Waters but I haven't watched
any in a while yeah I think becquer I
haven't seen in a while
I like his older movies like it's weird
because he's had the same style of
writing through his entire career it's
just everybody yelling but technically
he's gotten better which makes the
movies less interesting when you have
professional actors saying that dialogue
it's not as funny as if you have like
divine or Edith Massey or the characters
that were in his older movies saying it
okay it makes them feel more surreal
than having like professional people
like like a professional looking movie
and real actors saying those lines it's
not it's not as interesting because I
think I know some people don't like like
some people don't like pecker or don't
like sussel be demented and I think if
that those movies were made 30 years
earlier and you know with his friends as
the actors there'd be a more amateur
quality that makes them better okay if
that makes sense it's hard his movies
are so hard to explain like why they
work but oh and take the birthday boy
yes we see that you sent specific
instructions do for what to be signed
like okay
we are on then everything should be
under control
yes okay guys osteoporosis cage match
Betty versus Linda I don't remember
which one we hated was it Linda was
Linda the one that we hated rich do you
remember the one that almost knocked
over the house plan she almost ready
that's right that's right
she's the one that looked like Jackie
Mason oh yeah divine actually passed
away the night before well I should say
Glenn cuz Glenn Milstead is his real
name and he was trying to branch out and
do less roles and drag he was cast as
the uncle on married with children and
he died the night before he's supposed
to start shooting he's gonna become a
regular like a recurring character on it
sure yeah yeah he's trying to branch out
and do more different things and that
was a big break for him and then he died
from just being too overweight it's very
sad hey Thank You Arthur J everyone asks
me what the specs are for Rich's new PC
and I have no
idea just said what they are I'm
actually gonna copy that to see you have
it
okay I've copied it I'm gonna put it in
a text file over here working Hertz an
i7 it's the EVGA GeForce 970 graphics
card
ESS z97 mother power is super hyper
ultra Ram Kingston HyperX Ram yeah like
if anyone would like new who doesn't
know computer parts just so what octo
date types as Rich's PC you would think
that he was randomly mashing the
keyboard rich apparently you can extend
your field of beautiful oh my god you're
fighting laser dinosaurs yeah they're
great looking trying to sneak past nubs
accompany weapons sure you think at some
point I will be able to shoot laser
dinosaurs oh my god I bet you can ride
away this is so awesome why is this game
like a joke this is just cool yeah this
is the yeah
there's lots of jokes in here I'm kind
of sounds kind of lower half pay
attention oh oh I'm sorry they're not
dinosaurs they're dragons dragons yeah
I'm actually looking forward to gone
home later in and fine-tuning the
yeah really really honestly sure there
might they might technically be blood
dragons but they look like laser
dinosaurs so I stand by my original imma
call them Tron dragons you know fuck
that fuck the original scarred it's all
about the Daft Punk scar why can't there
be room in your heart for two things not
my heart Daft Punk is too overpowering
there's no room the Nerds heart is a
very small thing
right Lloyd beats I know it's not a it's
not a joke it's a stylistic mod for a
cop firecracker I get that but like
everything about this is a little jokey
but it just looks neat like the and I
don't want to I'm not dissing Blood
Dragon it was just a greater thing of
like they're they're kind of getting
away with this style because they're
doing it slightly tongue-in-cheek now
but I think they could have just done it
normal yeah and not thought of trying
Gigi I would still be good I'm not ain't
dissing yo you saying that like I got
you hooked on the FTL's for good it's
nice all this question earlier I think
it might have been aimed at me but we
can all answer a dog favorite movie
score there you there you go
there's your answer all around an
individual track let's just say overall
score that enhances the movie makes it
great - punch-drunk love Brian score for
punch-drunk love is the most amazing
thing and it fits that movie perfectly
yeah movie with the most underrated
storm ones that Ghostbusters nobody
talked about the score tennis a good
score yeah it's not talking about the
theme song yeah yeah yeah he's got a
good score
well you who does it do you know I don't
even know very goldsmith hey I am
someone will tell us almost feel bad
that I don't know yeah I don't
Elmer Burton okay yeah all right hey
Elmer Bernstein yes free GERD seven
eight three who gives John Carpenter's
The Thing scored shit that's a great
score all John Carpenter scores are
great interest Dave oh man he did
everything he did his Hummer he's yeah
he's he's done a ton of stuff I mean
obviously we we talked about Tron Legacy
is it amazing
yes yeah and it's it's tough works like
yeah talking about ghostbusters that
complements the movie so well bunny of
like Ghostbusters is never is a score
that I wouldn't just listen to on its
own yeah that's true but it's perfect
complement to the movie where is
something like Tron Legacy I listen to
just on itself I think a lot of people
like to score more than they like the
movie I think I've mentioned this before
the Royal Tenenbaums
score oh yeah Mark Mothersbaugh that's a
good scar supposed to pay more attention
it also has like a good soundtrack like
the oh yeah yeah but the original Mark
Mothersbaugh score is fantastic but it
didn't make them in them it's a great
movie but that score really not only
works as a score like it enhances the
movie it's it's you can't imagine the
movie without it oh I'm sorry jack is
that the same person thank you for
subscribing
I don't know who the same person or just
someone else making a joke either way
and also thank you to those who point
out that I missed a subscriber which did
you hear what the fuck I've got the
honor I'm sorry how do you miss yourself
screaming what the fuck this is your job
knowledge social social network social
networks a good score that's a chunk
Reznor and Atticus Ross I always want to
say Atticus Finch but yeah really any
other was like I was thinking uh Mark
Mothersbaugh got me thinking like he did
you need to call me with the chance of
meatballs he cover like they're like a
movie score like oh I don't know ideas
really interesting music I I think the
first I could be wrong but I think the
first score he did was for Wes Anderson
like I think he just did a couple Wes
Anderson movies and then other people
liked it and so he started doing other
scores
I think well perhaps the first thing he
did was Rugrats oh do you the opening
credits backwards okay I might be
completely wrong business
oh that makes sense I never I didn't
know that but now I'm hearing in my head
I'm like oh yeah I can totally see that
it's my brothers but sure well you know
baroque Tenenbaums was somewhat it was
orchestral yeah I know like very not
Mark Mothersbaugh but the the piece of
music that I always loved from that
movie is the there's that shot during
the the long take or it's panning across
everybody yeah like the aftermath during
though though after the wedding sequence
and it shows like like a royal buying
the dog and then he goes over to Ben
Stiller and is talking with him but I
was like we've had a rough year that
long take and the music that's playing
during that part is so great yeah that's
a good movie all around yeah
leaning key it means a leaner key it
does it's not letting we do the stuff
kill do you have a knife I must not have
anything oh this is awful
you just got sneak past them yeah scores
they're great they're great when they're
great and sometimes they're just nice
little pieces
oh the elbow narrow Oh laser bow and
arrow oh we have oxygen we've made no
progress on the prereq steam account i
dip I didn't register our name okay rich
we've made some progress on the
pre-record steam account which is
registered a name the work can you pick
up your arrows now yeah awesome
nope
oh they're saying you can throw the
hearts how do you do that what does that
do to really good questions how do you
do that and what does it do Oh press
they're saying pressing G to throw the
hearts and they then they attract the
blood drag ass oh nice nice that would
be awesome and for the for the person
who asked to know we have we attempted
the edited let's play we attempted and I
started cutting it together and you know
our bits weren't that good and then like
yeah too far between and then if you cut
one part of the Bay you have to cut it
on one yeah I just it just didn't work
out doesn't surprise me at all so
it didn't work out at all we we have
been talking casually we we did have I
have a lot of fun and I hope rich I do I
had a lot of fun with the with the Space
Quest yo yeah ton of fun was they
thought that was a game where I really
had to pay attention and of course rich
knew the game and so you couldn't really
talk to me about the game because like
yeah he couldn't tell me that was really
disappointing and so we were thinking
about doing a livestream of an adventure
game where we haven't like where we is
where we either was haven't played it
but then we wouldn't get a lot of
interaction with you the chat and so
maybe it could be especially like
another night in which we can kind of
not turn off the job I think we can do
the occasional stream that's not quite
as interactive as normal yeah it's fine
well in this that's why it would be like
a bonus is obvious that we don't want to
ignore you chant I look at the
microphone we don't want to well that's
your portal into the chat that's how
they hear you through the microphone we
want to do broken age but we want to
wait until both parts are out what's
broken age broken age is is it a victory
made by people who used to make nothing
but adventure games but then they fell
out of you you like the point cookie one
I mean I'd point well that though the
the texting ones you like what you like
the text only one Zorka as I as I've
heard is finish answering I don't even
remember my question anymore broken it
yeah yeah so these people used to make
do nothing but text adventure games okay
her point-and-click adventure games
they used to make nothing but
point-and-click adventure games but then
they fell out of fashion going click
adventure game yeah so they want to make
a new one they they made a Kickstarter
and it was a huge Kickstarter
one of the biggest Kickstarter has ever
seen Oh for a new point click adventure
game and they but they somehow ran out
of money and so they they they're
releasing it in halves
ok hoping that sales from the first one
will end help them finish the Segway
this a little this little dubiousness
yeah but in in case i I am a Kickstarter
backer of the Double Fine adventure
games broken age but we're gonna wait
until the entire thing is out and then
yeah so that now zatia what we doing
about the only the only old Sierra game
I hadn't played just think about
adventure games as we get stream
together sure I'd be this i ii Leisure
Suit Larry okay
might be the only classic Sierra
adventure game that's not point and
click okay but I haven't played if you
don't mind trying the point-and-click
adventures I played it but I don't think
I'm gonna remember literally anything
about it the Star Trek 25th anniversary
game okay which also has a sequel I also
have a play called the judgement rights
okay and then there's a next-gen
adventure game but the final immunity
that we do and I think all of them have
a version of that game with voice acting
from the original cast oh oh nice yeah
that's fine yeah we know yeah Brian I'm
not as fond of pointing clothes and and
Zork I believe is like like free play
head
yeah yeah that's cool yeah we try we
need to give them tries Oh
public domain that's where I'm looking
public domain I'm sorc yeah that's what
I've heard
okay and that's the only fast not only
text that's hard there's a lot worth
looking into but but yeah B so there's
this huge Kickstarter and the guy who
made it quite possibly got a little too
big with his ambitions for the game okay
and the reviews have not been stellar
for the first part and nobody ever
accused Tim Schafer Vinc smirk like
that's the that's it real he's an artist
he's an artist he's not a business
person yeah but I play as a backer part
of the subscriptions here that I was on
like I got a t-shirt which is great
t-shirt I got a poster but I also they
they've been making behind-the-scenes
featurettes no like a documentary about
the creative process of making the game
know what's neat and I like that kind of
stuff so now for video games I couldn't
care less but well in general it's still
me like the story they want to tell how
they create the characters they like
follow the artists back home and like
have the hardest talk about like what
their inspirations are it's been a super
fantastic behind-the-scenes series now
that's been great nice yeah so what
you're saying is they've done a good job
of fulfilling their Kickstarter
obligations except for the game
there's a we've only had the first half
of the game okay
but yeah everything else
these guys just scientists they have
guns
that's your name you know are they on
your team I must warn you do we have we
do apex casket thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I saw someone
jack favorite podcast do you listen a
lot yields of a podcast right I used to
not anymore I don't anymore
no why not no time no okay and you know
so much of my time is editing and you
have to listen to what the day and
people are saying that's true that's
true if I if I get into a if I get into
a rhythm where it's like I'm doing a lot
of After Effects work then I could pick
up some podcasts yeah okay I really like
I used to listen to The Nerdist I
believe a bunch of podcasts right isn't
that like a whole network of stuff I
don't know anything about it but just
the main one I used to I used to
subscribe to and I enjoy okay mostly
because the he gives a good interview
CGP Grey has a podcast now and it's
great hello Internet is what it's called
and everyone should know that I'm a big
fan of him he's an easy youtuber he
makes informational educational videos
right oh yeah I remember you Morgan
wearing a shirt in one of her videos and
then he is like hey that's my shirt as
it turns out so he was very excited to
see his shirt
I mean yeah so he does a podcast called
hello internet which is just fantastic
GCP great oh I get it mixed up you
asshole oh my god I don't know I need to
Jack that was CGP you might be I want to
say cgv but you know my brain
listen I have a handful of podcasts I
listen I listen doing when I'm running
that's that's just like that's my me
time I put in my earbuds and I run for
like an hour and a half and listen to
podcasts it's great this is my favorite
is it's called killer POV it's a horror
podcast done by a group of poor
journalists and they're all very very
good they have a nice dynamic and I
always like I think with people to give
horror fans they think of like people
you'd see conventions that are wearing
like heavy metal shirts and they're all
you know larger men with big burly
beards but now there's other type of
horror fans out there and that's the
three that are hosting the show and
they're gonna pass listen to the
projection booth which is another film
one I'm actually going to be on the
projection booth because I know those
guys in january/february because they
plan their episodes out that far in
advance for some reason that's the
podcast called the projection booth okay
it's a movie podcast you know Skype it
yeah yeah we're gonna talk about the
movie transfers with Tim Thomason great
if anyone has read the freakanomics
books oh yeah I remember you tell me
about this fantastic books really really
interesting reads they do a podcast the
freakanomics podcast and always really
interesting stuff
I tried listening to like movie podcasts
I enjoyed really great things about how
did this get made how did how did this
get made is entertaining I listened to
that one they're a little too hyper for
me where it's like they're clearly
exaggerating their frustration or
confusion by the movies and that can get
a little tiring bud and it depends on
the movie they're talking about let's
still it can be funny okay I really yeah
yeah he kind of holds the show together
Jason Mantzoukas is that he pronounce
his name
yeah yeah he's on it oh he's the one
that exaggerated it's a little too much
for my taste but he can be funny too
okay but he can be funny I guess
everything's just okay it's true it's
true
Kuta there's a local podcast that i
listen to every once in a while but the
guy from formerly from AV Club you know
the the section for anyone who used to
get the onion when the onion is a
publication paper that you could get at
the local coffee shop they had a local
section called The AV Club that would
cover local things and the guy who did
it for Milwaukee has a weekly thing with
a local college radio station I'm gonna
just talk about general Milwaukee things
is that um Matt wilds there's a
different guy oh and it's him okay Matt
wild a guy from a different local paper
the Shepherd Express and I got it from
WMS he do a a weekly like Milwaukee
we're just gonna chat about shit and now
I might forget what it's called he has a
new website
the Milwaukee record oh yeah yeah I've
seen them and it basically is what the
a/v Club used to be daddy but only for
Milwaukee I'm gonna forget to know what
the name of their oh I know that monkey
record did some article recently where
they mentioned us oak rather than
anything it was like what was the
article I know we tweeted about it I
can't remember anything anymore what's
happening let me find it yeah burr Jack
what you might Jack - fuck what no no
select the mode just take two or Jack
and then fuck you're a good thing oh
eight pop culture institutions with
Milwaukee ties okay so they talk about
Harley Davidson and I think like Laverne
and Shirley and stuff like that yeah
well there you go that's it no but they
you know they're very interesting guys
and you know just pop culture people and
snap I like listening to them I can't
remember the name of the show oh how
come you guys don't have Milwaukee
accents
well rich and I neither of us are from
Milwaukee so there's that and what you
might be thinking of is a northern
Wisconsin accent like B yes Fargo yeah
they're like I'm like a Minnesota accent
yeah they're like a you birth accent is
what we call them yeah yeah you're from
the Upper Peninsula which is not part of
Wisconsin in fact Department Michigan
yeah but if you live in the you pee then
you got the whole I dare ya know don't
know the Vestas I remember would forego
cave out and hearing people complaining
about like the stereotypes in that movie
like we don't talk like that just like
the movie
yeah yeah so I mean we this is just how
we talk bad I apologize for our lack
paleri ously annoying accent
luckiest strikes yeah oh yeah is it
reasonable that's that's something from
Fargo I quote all the time
Manon you such a super lady Fargo is the
best Fargo is a perfect movie I love
that movie yes there's not a single flaw
in that entire movie that true Don
Gately I have an IMDB page great yeah
you're on IMDB because feeding frenzy
and I think I think you're listed for
space cop already even though it's not
yeah everybody knows at this point thank
you that's what happens when you make
stuff what do you make movies yeah thank
you to any of you for me huh I
appreciate it
oh let's realist is something weird for
the high five Hollywood video like where
it's not the proper credit I seem to
remember this guy's it's gonna be
awesome
mostly pornos you're right I don't come
up as a suggestion when I type my name
into the search bar so I'm not that big
yeah nice oh wow hey there's a lot of
stuffing you have previously recorded on
yeah that's great oh really is the best
of the worst I don't think best of the
worst is on IMDB but half on the bag I
know is in space oh yeah I know best of
the works yeah the source is here I can
credit us as selling so best of the
worst
oh that's what I'm credited as a writer
that's what I suppose is technically
true I guess okay you know you didn't
write anything down that's fine that's
great that's super fun
oh my space cadet
that's Berk I thought was I done there I
got word that they're showing space
cadet space cadet sissy is the movie
that I acted in for a couple UWM college
kids as a project they were doing I can
either see it at the bully International
Film Festival ah which is actually
becoming a bigger festival which is
become a bit of even though Boyd's the
worst town ever
oh it's also playing in a festival in
India oh really
that's funny yeah have you ever been to
boy no no that's a good thing yeah this
is a compact Despero like did I write
two real-life Angry Birds you know write
stuff like that down yeah I didn't even
get myself a writing credit for a pork
pork in space even though I did write
like I wrote an outline me what all the
scenes are gonna be but I didn't write
dialogue or anything but I still like
put it as conceived and directed by Devo
and I didn't put written by okay cuz I
felt weird when something was that like
collaborative even though I came up with
the basic you know scene structure yeah
I didn't know how to do it but I didn't
wanted to say written by yeah
oh boy beats that that isn't it a good
and important question is Rich's oh my
god a reference to troll 2 or did he say
that prior no that's prior if that's
back from the old days yeah that's from
from old movies yeah I doubt you
remember where it originated from though
at this point dear
she's just being goofy and yelling hey
now like there wasn't like one specific
short that it started with okay I know
what's wrong what's wrong with your face
started with one of the old shorts right
ah what's wrong with your face I also
think that yeah probably yeah I know
Mike is mention that are you thinking Oh
migraine I know Oh Oh my currents been
around for a while that actually kind of
started with the Simpsons
cuz homers on the roller coaster he says
oh my cart oh yeah
yes bat hurt anyone on the roller
coaster I know oh my groin evolved out
of that okay what's wrong with your face
I know my gut said it started and won
the shorts but it wasn't it evolved into
what's wrong with your face when it
started it was something different it
was like your face what's wrong with it
and it's like warped over time something
like that
sure sure are those on any other
collections like the old movies no no no
no those would have to be completely
re-edited there yeah cuz of music issues
ER here huh yeah oh my god yelling rich
yelling what was just me thinking saying
what was funny yeah because it is
I think we put it on the outtakes for
Girl Interrupted the DVD mmm because do
you member we shot that rich and we shot
extra what's extra watts yeah there's
trailer there was nothing but us saying
yeah we never made the trailer but I did
put all the watts and the outtake reel
on the DVD we just shot once that had
nothing to do with the scene just damn
extra once you're right beyond internet
rich is a verbal artist a cunning
linguist
it's true it's true I like this game but
I think I like it enough that I want to
play it more on my home oh when I
increase your Triana sure I think that's
decent okay sure yeah I mean fine yeah
yeah are we that much in all right
tonight we start at seven thirty oh
right on time with no technical problems
oh my god you're right so much later
because we're right with technical a
break okay that sounds like a plan if I
like I want to hear you guys
Oh guys a little funny bits are kind of
missing they want us to play them and
shit your pants hmm is that a text-based
game I believe yes okay I think I saw
some people typing that in the chant the
other day I didn't know if they were
just fucking around
really our game that he wants to put up
and that is like what do you what do you
want do you want to play we should we'll
play another real game and then maybe
we'll close out how long is don't shoot
your past chat that's the real grand
bean be honest with us how long is it
for realsies we know when you're lying
we know we do we're like Santa Claus I
don't even know they're saying play FTL
don't shoot your pants takes 5 minutes 5
10 minutes ok 5 10 15 minutes in that
range somewhere about 9 inches
listen FTL will happen again we have to
take breaks from FTL because if we
didn't by the way this would be an
entire an entirely FTL slash binding of
issac dedicated stream with a little
ex-con thrown in for I'm so we do our
best to vary it up for you guys or else
we would play FTL every single week
twice a week alright so in any case
we're gonna take a break this is the
thing that's gonna happen alright so
rich yes well you need to take a break
oh we're here okay I need to get out of
this thing here need to get on this
thing head back over to open broadcaster
wiki Wars I love with you we're gonna
we're gonna play that again there cuz I
enjoy that game okay well so first we do
is even mute the microphone
