Episode 151
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon - RICH EVANS-PERIENCE
December 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyZCPRTOk0g
___________________________________________

alright I'm back I'm back yeah here's
here's the deal Jedi Knight to uh it
starts off pretty slow
so I mean if I ever stream that I might
start it sometime after the first few
levels I don't want to bother playing
through to get there and as far as XCOM
goes we all know I love x come I I adore
XCOM i'm just i'm not particularly in
the mood right this second I don't know
however I do have an itching to play
more of blood dragon did stream and
perform I was kind of bad at it but
first time I played the game I was
playing around like a new key set up new
layout new configuration on the keyboard
I didn't like it I normally who's the
number pad I was not using the number
pad so I'm going to give I'm going to
give a blood dragon stream one more shot
one more shot
and then I'll play that for a bit and
then maybe I'll change my mind and play
something different after a while I
don't know here we go I'm gonna play a
little bit of blood dragon and if you
think it's sex fuck you all right
probably help if I told broadcaster that
was the game I was playing now
you
you
you
see if I let me see if I say I'm not
logged in as previously record I can't
change the title ah you know what screw
it if Jack's listening he can change
that if not a big deal big deal all
right
you
alrighty you guys seeing the game yep
there it is alright
and you know I compulsively cannot skip
cutscenes right so we're gonna watch
this shit again it's like a compulsion I
can't make myself skip a cutscene that I
don't I don't know i'm weird space earth
in the near future at the end of the
20th century
as a child of the 80s I can't I can't
tell you how much I love this I mean she
shades of the Terminator right here with
the nuclear war this is this little shot
right here this gets my nostalgia
pumping it really does ashes of North
America a new breed of soldier is reborn
main cortex arm right theta waves at
four pulses and rising four points yes
Chad I already know what the end song of
this is I I heard about it non-stop
after the Miami connection episode went
up I already know but I'm gonna love
hearing it again yeah the voice actor
Michael bein a vine I don't know they're
telling me his pronunciation was
different I've always been saying it
Michael pain but it's parently it's fine
started the Terminator he started yeah
it was the star who's in aliens is in
the abyss not much else are there any
other larger Michael Michael buying
roles other in those three movies week
you wake your mother fucka op says
there's a delay in the feed they need to
recalibrate as me well it ain't me cuz
I'm god damn near perfect men wanna be
me and you want to be with men yeah I
got it coming up on our talk briarpatch
Otis downloading mission parameters
penetrate enemy bunker and download
intel on enemy operation fully fill
sanction enabled opposition is black
sector threat repeat black sector threat
Geneva Convention restrictions lifted
tannin just to the hell are we taking
tell you sergeant black sector I could
only mean a handful outfit of that is
Spider alert alert light on Skynet
detective healed from seven dish 3 is no
longer of stealth vector the face of the
face of the pieces and me when i baited
me just like that bang in Central
America I'm gonna have me some fun
you
you
there we go touchdown now receiving two
cordless my shit I'll find a bunker
entrance and i'll provide the
distraction let's show them how cyber
commandos get it done mark for style
motherfucker
this game just oozes style it really
does i love it
acknowledged loading basic tutorial
batch 101 from military navigation for
idiot auto holstering weapons for silent
approach Oh fucking asshole time to get
to the deliberately bad tutorial if you
wish to jump I'll tell you what chap
because I played this before to make
this interesting I'm gonna play until I
die how's that just let me kill people
this would be this will be a no death
run now I have no illusions that I'm
gonna make through the game without
dying but we're gonna play this as a no
death run how's that sound and as far as
me not talking I'm here alone i'm not
i'm not good at filling time on my own
i'm streaming cuz i'm a nice guy Jack
couldn't make it but streaming night so
I'm just here alone that's it's gonna be
a bit boring that's what happens that's
what happens when I'm by myself
perform a blade take down when sneaking
up to an enemy tag enemies to track them
more easily we'll see we'll see how
short that's no death right in this chat
you're so you're so confident we'll see
we'll see I'm gonna kill all their asses
enemies with your DD nerd it's gonna be
a super death run it's just not gonna be
my death spider these guys are made of
force I got your back bro
after a blade takedown you can change
hill nearby enemies so many men so
little time
this takes me back time to get higher
seriously loading more training hints
from the ABCs of war
fucking my tutorials and this one is
terrible see how far and yet this is
where it really starts in them after
performing a blade takedown you can sure
oh shit I fucked up already alright
alright that could have been worse
please no enemies functioning
I already got grenaded all right getting
out of here
oh fuck this up should have had this
half of these guys stealth killed not
work that way mother fucker nanomeds
left daddy
fuck
play it
UL boy
Oh
careful it's the only reason you're not
dead
Oh slow the fuck down
Oh
objective complete briar patch why
didn't you tell us this was a mega force
big report now flows got Reagan we need
to know why penetrate the bunker at
download the data from the mainframe
Thanks this is smoke Colonel I'd soon I
served under YouTube spider no way he
went rogue not him way to put a bullet
in the big man let's just get to the
main frame and figure out what the hell
is going on
excuse me when I rip this out I could
have got a lot better
you
reminder after blade takedown you can
change hill nearby enemies
heavily armored cyber soldier and he was
happy orchestra Megaforce all right
they build in here me neither high-speed
Herod I need a lieutenant they killed
all the goddamn back for his job in
Detroit
you get to that catwalk we've been clear
all those motherfucker use the catwalk
quietly position yourself about the
enemy before dropping down on them
so far so good if your distance and
target their expensive tastes and
accelerant nice
oh god my way of Judy
alert lieutenant Brown needs assistance
not that he'd the other key idiot No
you
chit chit chit chit chit chit chit oh no
no all right I did terrible I did
terrible i did a died well I said that
was going to be like a no death run I
made it oh I've done this made it a lot
further last time I played made it past
the first gear actually I first to hear
well you know that you don't do the
garrisons any order but I got him
through the first part and like two
different Garrison's how dying this time
i fucked up this time i fucked up