Episode 154
I, Zombie (aaaahhhrrr)
December 29, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTxIgS-RBrU
___________________________________________

and now where can
wait no I think it's dry but here's just
the robot
okay well the things are and but I guess
the next blanket
what what Wow oh it's I think we're I
think if you think tonight's and it's
working great okay okay turn on the
stupid game I bought this game for like
less than a less than two bucks if it
sucks we can quit in something else okay
Oh izombie hi zombie we're doing
[Music]
Frankenstein the video game do you know
the premise Cayuse to join this looks
like a joypad game it's not an option
nope that is not an option that's what
fuck you do joypad alright you know it's
fine that's fine I'm forward a mouse and
keyboard but move alright I am moving
I'm gonna eat eat automatically okay no
he's a zombie
okay oh that was easy next level oh
there's buttons your attack oh it tells
the guys to attack and stop oh and
follow me isn't that your that you're
the king of the zombies yes this is oh
my god those guys have guns that's true
I'm liking it so far
no well I was just seeing if people do
waiting no I was just double-checking
all right okay kogami turn around
oh what's the range you good things to
know now they're asking if you can play
Angry Birds next angrist is a good game
shut up um Angry Birds is like I'm like
a million dollar industry now yeah yes
it's lab Angry Birds even though they've
never played Angry Birds it's well they
have cartoons down
oh they're cartoons yeah I know there's
a Khloe's house five part of like their
apps and shit is like watching like
regularly updated cartoons we have no
what the fuck coming up we do right all
of Ryerson illustration now thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it Ned Ryerson
you know we all need okay this is not as
easy as it looks you're gonna save
yourself like when you're losing it I um
be so i ashamed in that if something
against I'm terrible help
now this is casual and Podrick oh
definitely
nice yeah this is the category that's
fine oh they're asking for no no that's
probably not wait it was that's very
clever
oh it's neat
I wanna get so far okay it's it's you
know it's a $2.00 game yes that's
exactly what it looks like a different
set of expectations yes I can do
regenerate oh I do
oh you did well you're a zombie so
zombies don't regenerate they just they
deteriorate yeah do this yeah
[Music]
and still regenerate it seems you're
cheap well didn't we just talk about I
[Music]
guess but rich use your tactics then I
would just run forward into the gunfire
exactly technically I am thinking like a
zombie I guess zombies aren't supposed
to think
[Music]
yeah the Ocho knows this probably is
someone's first GameMaker game it looks
cheap but it's fine but you know what it
looks cheap and it is cheap rich this is
gonna blow your new graphics card you
should turn down the quality for a
little bit this isn't worth dedicating
too much time to okay
then holds enormous hit me an escape
from the Black Lodge with Twitter
related games in the dish or is it just
like a fan main thing I made a lot of
songs
[Music]
this scientist is important too
they have machine guns now oh by the way
I'm gonna make a quick sales pitch for
the official red letter media model
openers
oh they're bottling quality bottle first
they also doubled perfectly for screwing
and unscrewing and tripod head mouths
really and I didn't have my tool on me
and so it's just like that but it works
perfectly smaller there's the perfect
flat head screwdriver it's a multi-use
tool and that's why we got absolutely
specifically City
[Music]
this game good to art it's already
monogamous
already oh but whiskey Janice a good
question is will they open bottles but
sometimes yeah usually can decide
unreliable when opening bottles but when
unscrewing it's free on the private and
dry my head mouths
now it's asking me to do stealth people
are saying the music store
anything raping people leftover leftover
view K exam yay
now FTL you know it's a it's actually
you know we're getting there
we're hearing to FTL anymore wolf to
something else
unless you get well you have to get the
scientists we've tried so hard
I know how to do it
is that all I have to do I hope that's
all I have to do if I had to get the
rest of these guys that's people maybe
they're killing about the music being
too loud oh you know that's this is the
real problem you see the people you're
as unreliable as our bottle openers
[Laughter]
[Music]
don't need game audio just reviewed for
mice it looks like it's a little loud
still I turned it down then you see the
green bars I don't look hey guys it's
almost off okay if that's too wild well
as far as you love perhaps they're
saying it's too loud because they don't
like I don't know that I do either this
is this is a buck and a half I could
have spent in a gumball yeah we price
overpriced gumball that was gonna be my
next question is is how expensive are
your gumballs how are you doing it
you gotta look you go to the nice part
of town yeah it's a good gumball sure
there is a noticeable difference you're
right
you did it rich you beat the level yeah
yeah Atlas is dead I think you're right
it's not too loud it's just on its
troops octave G wait are we talking
about Daleks versus the Borg
oh yeah Daleks would be able to take out
a Borg or two before they adapt Jack is
wrong and it wasn't Daleks it was
Cybermen octo Jay get it right Cyberman
versus the Borg Jay is playing house
phone of the participating in this
portion
he's gotta be conducting business he's
doing important business I do it do you
business yes here's the thing Daleks
would beat the Borg such as the board
would beat Cybermen because Daleks had
better weapons than Cybermen Cybermen
are just unstoppable robot men yeah yes
what a Cyberman problem is the Doctor
Who it's Olga
it's from no Dalek Daleks have better
weapons so they Daleks could be the Borg
or could be Cybermen rock paper scissors
Daleks Cybermen board
what's wrong with you many things follow
me follow me follow me follow me follow
me follow me 500 talking of zombie well
now he's up now he's a confusing one
stop home is top snack attack stop
follow a tank fellow stop hey you think
if you do that enough eventually like
your your guys will just leave
they say fuck it fuck this guy that's
doing this I see you're right
Daleks can time travel so they could go
back in time and kill the first Borg and
then the doctor wouldn't stop them
because technically they're doing good
by killing the board and I like nerdy
things but this is just yeah the worst
this is the worst geez just doctor who's
is pretty nerdy it's it's nerdier than
most nerd thing because it's British
it's okay ooh take the birthday boy has
a really important question who would
win a fight the mighty robots of
Battlestar Galactica or the gay robots
of Star Wars which ones are the gay ones
are we just saying well like c-3po
because he's prissy and I never do cable
car was gay no he's not gay I mean he's
a robot he's not anything this is the
thing I'm sorry to spoil your fanfiction
Victor birthday but robots they don't
fuck
yeah except for fuck bond acceptor fuck
body forever yeah absolutely no
connection
Futurama fuck Oh may have robot babies
somehow need to actually watch Futurama
yes you never never cease quality really
that's quality here it's good you've
never seen any of you ever seen a minute
that's shocking it's consistently shit
Oh J they're coming your robe honest of
rowboats I'm not I don't dislike robots
I just understand them they don't have
the same mentality or desires humans
purchase the same urges the same sexual
urges they don't have those cuz they're
robots they're robosexuals what the
section what they're saying all right
Oh Jude Law was a sex robot in AI and a
sexy sex robot the sex robot was he Jude
Law I know he was in that movie but what
did you remember he was a pleasure bot
oh really yeah I don't think I've seen
that since the theater Oh
not once I thought it was over then it
kept going and I wished it was over and
I said all right I've seen that yep no I
love the theater never thought about
isms that Jude Law man crush on Jude Law
I haven't everything crush on jukebox
okay that's a good-looking man what's he
doing lately
look I haven't seen you two on a good
question I feel like he was just in
something or maybe I just want ji I
don't know every night I watch it'll oh
like all the time
that's right he was in judo a movie a
little movie he was just he was just in
what they're gonna tell me all right I'm
almost done with this game
oh that's right he wasn't great grand
budapest hotel yeah
listen turbo Jesus 5000 kind of a dumb
question who would win in a fight han
solo or Indiana Jones on solo it has a
laser gun Jones has a regular gun who's
cooler
who's cooler Oh Indiana fucking Jones
yes I said it
what makes him cooler though that's a
good I'm still debating this I don't
know but what one would you say makes
him cool fedora
yeah honey that's pretty a pretty
superficial reason all right all right
if not cooler then he's the more fun
character that I enjoy more okay
I would watch an Indiana Jones Adventure
sooner than I would watch a solo
han Solo adventures more interested in
adventures
yeah solo is sort of like dragged along
I guess against it like it's not his
first priority
sure but Han Solo has had previous and
you know the time he had to dump his
cargo because the Empire had to close
I'm sure that was a great tale yeah you
know I'm gonna agree with you that
Indiana Jones is a cooler character okay
yeah I think I don't know how to
quantify that it's just a gut thing sir
and sometimes that's all you need well I
think Indiana Jones has more of a drive
yeah he does and so therefore he is more
of a character
who would shoot first into Iran they
both shoot first that guy with the sword
and raiders shoots that's so great
great is Greg Indiana Jen sleeps with
teenagers no they're in college
no they're college age people and he
doesn't sleep with any of them right
they just all want him they just all
wanted bad yeah can you blame him how
many levels did you make it I don't know
five six oh here's a good reason why
Indiana Jones is cooler he murders more
people well hung murders Greedo yes
he helps murder other people but he's
that the the the direct cause of
someone's death nearly as much as
Indiana German he murders the one Thai
fighter for sure okay you're - yeah I
got - you're grasping at straws with
absolute I'm not well I was trying to do
the murder count okay
Indiana Dunes Marie Anne Jennifer's Way
more people absolutely countless people
I'm not I'm sure someone has counted all
of you people that Indiana Jones is
there's a murder cow in the blanket
review is there yeah me and Jones in the
kingdom of the Crystal Skull thank you
I don't want your stuff I've only heard
passing comments in this point guru I'm
sure he's a good review yeah there is a
murder tally
so here's the thing I really didn't
remember that and I was being a little
facetious that some nerd had made it
some nerd did it was reference yeah
also people yeah of course I've seen
their reviews that was me being joke
okay yeah well you just forgot about
that fortunately I forgot about that
specific moment in the review
