Episode 159
MS PAINT Game Gift Giveaway (Part 4)
January 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-r4cy2qZ7t4
___________________________________________

yeah wait no way that's coming - no come
on I'm out come in another come on now
right okay so who was that I don't know
J notice them J okay so this yeah this
is the cover it's a medium do you
remember that name
hey JP versus the world JP versus the
world for anyone who couldn't hear
Rachel is complaining about yeah this is
this is a big Christmas dream we're not
we're not going to stream on Wednesday
because it's Christmas Eve because it's
Christmas Eve why it's amusing that's
happening here during the big Christmas
stream and not during Rich's silent okay
only stream yeah I'll buy JP versus the
world I'm gonna pick a name you pick a
name yeah I'm gonna blame it on Ms pain
yeah I see some people in the chat have
mentioned that no I think that's really
the biggest culprit here I think you're
right I'm gonna say you're right the
world gets me
hmm yeah that's that's tough one dude do
each - yeah
what Josh Josh was on a stream now he's
on one stream one stream josh works a
lot yeah yeah people are asking what his
role in our arm is he comes behind he
watches stuff with us and he talks about
things that's what he does
not everybody you see on camera has a
full-time our om only thing they do some
of us gotta work but we're gonna try to
get Josh I have a great idea for the
next dream with Josh going up yeah I'm
not gonna say okay bud you fucking tease
it's true it's true but I've talked to
Josh about it and he's down now again I
don't know anything about this we're
gonna have a really fun time I do won't
be anytime soon
yeah yeah and it's that season where
people work co-op yeah yeah what the
fuck is Josh what the fuck is Josh he's
a human being is a person Jay yes
interesting question one of those two oh
sure I I would have a DP that knows how
to fucking use it I would not try to
choose something myself on it not right
anyway but absolutely there pretty yeah
yeah the red camera gets good images so
they make pretty pretty pictures
the Reds you know can be very affordable
yeah there's different models and stuff
so super nice with the Alexa though not
only do you need a DP you need like
three you need yeah this lenses and all
sorts of shit to keep track of so yeah
so when you're operating with a skeleton
crew no I would not want to but if I had
an actual crew absolutely right we go
now here's the thing is in an ideal
world I want to have to deal with camera
stuff at all I would prefer to not have
to worry about that
so we'll see we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens with what I hope
is my next film cut the four years later
when it's actually being made I mean are
we starting yeah okay rich is starting
by the way we're just gonna give her
over it for a little bit
sure is when you're dealing with a red
or no like so then you're talking about
dealing with a 4k post oh yeah yeah
which also means computer upgrades hard
drive upgrade
yeah that's a completely different now
that is really tough to deal with even
like even some of the budget cameras
like the Blackmagic Cinema cameras oh
yeah like those dealing even like 2.5 k
or four case isn't credibly they look
great huh okay here we go
rich is going
I've already forgotten rich is showing
me the card cuz I forgotten it I think I
forgot to okay I'm talking about cameras
oh yeah yes yes of course okay here we
go I love them don't you carry them this
looks like a South Park Canadian oh no
no you have the mouth never right before
the mouth that kind of did right right
gotta make sure these lines cross or I'm
gonna have paint spill over and
everything that's not good yeah hmm
everybody else made that mistake today
except for me
I like some of your guesses I think it's
funny now I see where you're going you
know what I'm doing yeah yep
come on you guys
they oh they haven't even seen another
they're singing just now we'll see who
gets it first now I see one guess that
is not a bad guess for where it's gone
so far it's not right but I can see
where they would get that conclusion
oh you're very wrong oh come on got it
go ahead
way to go cows they all come running out
naked problem of their shoulders I need
to re-watch Miami connection I haven't
seen it since that first time we watched
it agree I have to listen to the the
friend song many many times this is
cooler than everybody else
kaolin gate
oh now people are gonna say this is
right yeah we actually faxed it's true
Colin really wants a free video game yes
we couldn't just you know give him one
right right
you know because
once now out of up is my turn yeah okay
Oh 1700 that's pretty good that's all
right here we go buddy
wrap body wrap I'm gonna draw a name
here good job Cohen I know it wasn't
rigged I know nothing about this movie
okay yeah still subs for four days one
here subs only and then and then after
days will do will do average should I
save this one yeah you should say where
are we saving them to father thank you
have to clean the fuck out of my desktop
knob jack this is terrible all these
huge mspaint files I have a tiny-ass
solid-state drive I'm gonna run out of
space and there's a paint okay here we
go
okay I'm going we're going Jesus Christ
I literally know nothing about this
movie I love it'll make this exciting
yes you know and know about this movie
okay I love it already like my rendition
I do oh fuck
I fucked up his head you are so better
than me a drum with a demo so that's
amazing yeah
for most yeah yeah that's hair that's
supposed to be hair Oh was amazing
is there eraser I just don't know what
happened over here make it good and you
are wrong you made a gun - the smell of
fear nothing like Clive Owen you are
correct
what did someone get it no no you're
doing good oh you're doing well
he was yawning what what the fuck were
you doing all right
he remembers well sure
I have a Wacom tablet but part of the
fun of this game is do ya with the mouse
yeah glad I did not get this do you know
anything about it
no okay nothing oh five and someone yeah
yeah
I'm throwing the poster because that's
all I know that's right data again with
the big win he's gotten - yep but it we
gave people we said people needed to
stand for four and it's been six so he
did good okay Dave uh what is it fifty
first 50 verse states I'm drawing the
cover art because that's all I know
that's right it's him playing the little
ukulele next to Drew Barrymore yep it's
the only thing I know about the movie
perfect
and that's my M Sandler caricature
alright Oh
Dave oh I didn't even get to draw drew
Barrymore she started with your anymore
man
no cuz that's she's just standing there
I only know Adam Sandler's plain as
ukulele you draw it out that's right
that's why I didn't start with the
letter yeah it's the only thing I know
about the movie apparently it words you
don't want to admit that you know fifty
first days I understand completely
I've seen it it's not good I've seen it
no we told people they could vote again
or they could guess again after after
four tries maybe now Davis won twice a
daivam maybe no more yeah don't be
greedy but are you gonna punish him for
being good at the game right no that's
what you're doing jack
you're punishing him for being good at
the game well you want other people to
get a chance all right well they do have
a chance they're just failing it's true
hey buy dope smoke
thank you for describing we very much
appreciate it okay so now now now it's
open everyone not just subscribers
anyone can guess 50 forced date song I
don't know it's not new jugular it just
seemed like in general people were
people were saying oh you won twice but
that's fine everything's cool
I think if anyone's genuinely upset that
someone won twice in mspaint pictionary
they might need to rethink what they're
doing with their time does this be
though maybe just maybe there are prizes
there's a lot riding on this we haven't
said anything about the Mercedes we're
giving away later oh my god who's up oh
so yeah this is this is a this is a non
sub only one I'll jump back over here
yeah why not it's fine rendition Jax a
fine rendition with a mouse and you just
destroyed it I did I destroyed it for
well it's you know lives on in video
form gosh darn it another one of mine oh
no you're screwed yeah that's a tough
one oh yeah I thought it would be really
funny to put in some challenge
so for you guys okay anyone can guess
and here we go sis's any moment now okay
wait wait I think this could be the
dumbest thing ever I think I know what
you're going to do yeah and it's the
dumbest thing ever
if you're doing what I think you're
doing I don't want that I don't want
that
okay
the powers terrible huh that's terrible
yeah it might not be a good idea but I
think people will get it nope this is
the worst idea its Cyril this is the
worst idea for me to do
you you went with the wrong well fine
it's gonna be fine everything's fine no
one what look oh sure that would work
we're sending an email just looked ugly
big thing what oh yeah I feel like that
so many people are guessing death spa
god you're gonna have to explain this
makes any sense in your head this is
sounding I understand the first image
yeah with this this this pink person
yeah I don't know what the fuck better
okay we're gonna check again yeah you
need to start from scratch don't think
about that
I got this I got this you don't even
know how much I got this this may be the
first one that nobody will guess you
know if nobody gets it I washed I want
to stay better
oh I'm drawing it when yeah when Zach
fails yeah that's nice
this sucks jack is terrible at this game
oh my gosh yeah here big fat brush it's
a wait wait wait we got it so we got
wait no wait what no oh we do yeah oh we
got it
Gummer Keeley's gum Berkeley's
Barbarella
I guess he's figuring out the barbell
part barber yeah I was gonna do what is
the person Jack what is the person
singing barbell no no no second tribe is
fine you get the barber part you get the
barber pole you get the scissors and
then you draw a line down the string and
then you draw an umbrella no no nobody's
gonna get long
barbell you get a boom although honestly
I don't know what I would have drawn
what would you have drawn all the
scissors and then the second amber okay
okay so you had I would have just drawn
Jane Fonda falling over cuz that's where
she does to that whole movie just
constantly falling over well yeah then
maybe if people wouldn't have got it you
know you draw like what was that name
holy was it oh sure
oh I have it marked lady shit now I lost
it big hair oh who want it that's what
I'm asking
shit it's off the screen now at first it
did I had it marked so now it's on this
number Kiwis number Keeley's yes but
number Kelly's make another comments so
we can make a tournament so we can get
your widget module II think price your
price but from cumber Keely so somebody
else wrote it but I think it's got like
a like a addition there are some weird
ran new the M I don't think so octo J
reposted it yeah it does right after the
okay good we good thank you
good job thank you for being with me
Gillies thank you for sifting through
the shit thank you for sifting through
the shit that is my mind good cover
Keeley's underscore copy you in
Barbarella in my head it made me a why
understands all right rich yeah okay
thank you for getting the order that
we're doing these in it should be it's
only three of us try to be easy I guess
you're right you should get to games
obviously musical notation you're right
everyone gets it everyone gets it
where's the most on-screen house
now people are just typing wha
don't save don't oh yeah yeah don't say
that yeah I'm you know I do it it can't
everyone just fuck the pain away
it's alright I'm trying to think if I
saw Barbarella at B fests I think it
played be fast won it here I'd seen it
before
they'd be too mainstream no it's sort of
an oddball movie was a big flop oh oh oh
registered okay this is everyone I know
you're right I'm gonna make my my
Barbarella into a t-shirt and we're
gonna sell that one okay okay
I remember one day it was gone that's
good
there you go lot of good guesses nope
craze 87 got it crazy seven crazy 87
there it is hip it is escape from your
New York one of my favorites have you
ever seen a jack oh yeah you have seen
it okay oh of course
screen factories putting it out next
year I'm so excited to hit 2 disks
there's no information yet as far as
what they're gonna put on it sure they
know that it's gonna be to this bullshit
I'm so excited
that's great I was getting a little bit
abstract I'm just gonna draw your
liberty yeah yeah no that's good that's
that that sums it up how people got it
people yeah once you get the Statue of
Liberty in there yeah escape from
Milwaukee I kind of liked it better with
the blue solid baked no I'm not bribed
to mention scream Factory I just love
scream factory they put out so much
great shit over the last couple years
half of John Carpenter's movies have
been released through scream Factory at
those point then it will look more like
Escape from New York
winners KZ not crazy KZ 87 hey Z 87 you
so kz you so Brady's Ches
okay let's a fuckin Christmas thing song
oh my god Jay are you reading I hate
doughnuts
technically the annual stream isn't
annualized because you're doing it on
the first of the year 2015
yeah you suck unsubscribe but he's not a
subscriber so you know he's
unsubscribing from red letter media yep
from the website yep that's fine I'm so
sorry
I know you're joking so doesn't matter
but I'm so sorry that this this thing
that I do that I'm not obligated to do
in a in any way is a few days later than
it normally is a week later I understand
I understand you're by the way and look
you even put shading on the wall yeah
that's good
this is why people are good at drawing
one side done
Oh someone's asking I'm assuming you're
not streaming on Christmas Eve
right oh no no Christmas Eve stream this
is a fancier stream than that
yeah we got three people here I can only
imagine we'll be doing something next
Sunday no I hate doughnuts I know you
were joking yeah I was just play along
um next Sunday isn't the January first
is it no next Sunday is the 28th we will
be streaming on the 28th but it'll be a
normal either it'll be it'll probably a
hack and a half either from your Ridge
and the other ones skyping in a normal
Sunday stream next week but we are
taking Wednesday off yeah as it is
Christmas Eve time to stay at home and
drink we do Christmas on Christmas Eve
what happens when you have multiple
families to visit it's true Christmas on
Christmas Eve and on Christmas Day I
have 4 different places I have to go to
throughout the course of the two days
it's a giant pain in the ass mm-hmm as
the holidays should be I've already had
three Christmases already Jesus Christ
that's crazy
9 9 oh my god you like the first major
one I've had in a long time yeah my
brother he's he's getting serious with
some girl and some little filly well
she's been out of seven year old
daughter okay so it's like just suddenly
I have a seven-year-old niece but it's
just like family yeah less than two
hours
she's like Jesus it doesn't take some
kids long doctor like get get attached
it's it's funny it's true by the way
you're right the next plank you review
crocodile brain as an insult has this
perfect ring to it it does yeah because
it is insulting but it's also silly yeah
so it's
like consummate you crocodile brain cuz
lion brain is supposed to be the same as
crocodile it is like lion brain and also
like crocodile brain is what he means
right yeah lion yeah but lion brain
doesn't sound as funny as crocodile
brain right yeah
but yeah I think in our in our universe
now lion brain is the good one if you're
okay right so you you've changed it up a
bit okay I mean if you're a crocodile
brain then you're not so smart I get it
I'm hip you're hip let's go that's great
okay that was rich so now we do Jake
okay Jake well do Jay and then we'll do
one more round and then we might call it
we'll see that's fine all right say we
pick really yeah what do you think Jack
it's it's up to you that we have no
sturdy rules here it is it's more fun
when you get someone else's that's true
so it was a very easy one yeah so if you
want to reap Inc I say okay it's gonna
be the first thing that yeah well I know
exactly what I do
yeah which is Jimmy with the Sante Han
coming out with the X yes if you knew
that was in there you put it in there
right I was talking about man and the
start of the street no I oh I was
talking about part two in the part of
for me there's someone else forget it
and maybe okay
have either of you seen salad uh we
watched it here didn't we I have never
seen you've never seen it we might have
we want it like now for a show right now
just yes we watched it here and it's I
mean it's amazing it's it's it's sleazy
and awful and it makes no sense it kind
of makes sense you know it's weird
it has you haven't seen Rob Zombie's
Halloween right no it is the exact same
structure where it's like told from the
perspective of the killer yes a little
kid you see why he's fucked up huh and
let me see him as an adult killing
people yeah so silent I did when I look
weird fucking movie yeah okay we're
starting good oxygen a started slow mode
here we go I say just trying to catch up
with us he's like oh wait we're not
gonna slow and yet tangent oh wait slow
mo okay
oh yes and for those asking via the
crocodile brain song we're gonna do
something with that
oh yeah the song that we played I think
we should do something with that
okay maybe make it make us something it
will be released got it oh my god
favorite customer Super Mario Brothers
Jesus Christ as a room reference
assuming it is huh favorite customers I
hope so yep watch that and watch that up
my brothers
there you go right out the back that's
all right it doesn't have to be the
movie that's a great Mario perfect
favorite customers Super Mario Brothers
yeah good yeah do you know that they're
twins game cannon not twins right game
cannon is they're twins but Mario
slightly older Mario popped on first but
they're twins well Bob Hoskins isn't and
Bob Bob Hoskins was playing Italian like
they went to the Italian restaurant yeah
but like gently was they have a shirt
that's yeah is John Leguizamo no offense
to his acting abilities yeah okay that's
true
great we got that winner's favorite
customer Super Mario Brothers great okay
all right
here we go what could possibly be
everyone or what won't like people will
see in their name okay here's what we'll
do for real we're gonna do one more
round of everyone okay and then one more
round of subscriber on me okay and then
that will be that'll be the night sounds
good
that's what that's officially what is
gonna happen okay okay name picking a
movie name Paper Mario the thousand-yard
stare
oh no no one I can talk and a groupie
because now I have a microphone close to
my mouth the name of the movie I got is
a good a visual name here we go here we
go
where is it where is it all right Wow
Wow it's the first one hi ready ready
and here we go dude that was too creepy
for NPR chat NPR's more like well three
plot yet yes everything's very proper
soothing
we don't offend anybody on NPR okay are
we offend easily on today's previously
recorded stream we are doing a movie
title pictionary
that singing is not appropriate for NPR
it's not jazz Oh someone's saying
they're seeing elves at Sena Family
tonight that's the theater in LA that's
pretty great is Dan Haggerty gonna be
there
is he a wide Dan Haggerty he probably is
right time for once yeah Cat on a Hot
Tin Roof way to go birthday boy that's a
yeah visually you can do that one who
wrote that one down was that unique okay
even with my poor drawing skills you can
get that one my turn my turn a hot tin
roof to amuse conspiracy theorists our
last three winners so like you know when
you just sign on everyone gets kind of a
random color you know everyone's color
name is
randomized for us right okay but the
last three winners have all been dark
blue oh yeah well what does that say I
don't know I think I'm going a little
bit crazy with this morning oh yeah yeah
yeah I thinks things are gonna go off
the rails yeah that's how I likes it
small cat eating we're gonna go small
cat eating a rancid Toblerone
yeah that's pretty not - oh I need to
get ready for this one you can choose
your own colors
oh also I should know this it's your
chance it's your stream I don't know
Oh oxygenated this Oh before you start
drawing rich yeah this doesn't this
should not be in subscriber only mode so
this is open to everyone not subscriber
only just want to make sure that that is
known because will do will do rich no
subscribe to jamie one and then the
three of us again okay so wait we need
to wait
how do you change your color oh you know
what I guess I always wondered what
those colleagues meant well you can
choose your own color but you don't have
to choose your own color right if you
don't choose your own color then it's
randomized are you done are you just
completely making itself yes you can all
right okay and draw things are gonna get
a little bit crazy with this one a
little bit crazy all right
okay let's go Thank You Ike okay
yeah well you can choose but I think you
don't know anything about your own
stream it's true I know some things
about management for one I could turn
your microphone all the way down now
really easily I could turn your
microphone down she find you which one
it was that's right you don't you guys
are gonna have you you know you know the
answer you're not gonna have any idea
what I'm doing
cuz I'm getting I'm getting crazy right
now oh my god no I don't know what
you're doing no we're gonna see who gets
it no matter what what come on you're
crazy
maybe he's fish mouth shit's getting
crazy
I have no I know you don't I know it is
this like an insight thing that some
people will get no what are you doing
you'll see baby all right a little
patience okay okay I'm playing the long
game that's we're not in a hurry so it's
okay people are mentioning movies in the
chat that I just want to watch now
though right killer clouds from outer
space the blob the Warriors these are
all great movies they have nothing to do
with what rich is doing but I want to
watch them shakes the clown directorial
debut of Bobcat Goldthwait
quick change the Marines directorial
debut also good movie than that no yeah
well if we're seeing them that's not
what it is
we're just saying them because we're you
have to do something well rich takes his
time doing something I have like let's
think Jay and I know the answer and we
have no idea what he's doing I have no
idea what's going on coach changed is a
beautiful good change is wonderful it's
a nice little movie I want to rewatch
that so you know it's just it cuz it's
not like normal Bill Murray it's like
very subtle comedies awesome great well
it was the start it was the very started
as sort of transitional period I suppose
yeah no yeah he does things but yeah
back in the day he was a goof ball one
one of you in the jet is just going to
randomly get this they're just gonna say
a movie title you know they know it has
nothing to do with it absolutely we're
watching by the way all your guys's
we're still watching on hasn't I you
know didn't close up gotta close it up
this is gonna be one key thing that I
haven't done yet okay one key thing oh
god what the fuck were open on the
bottom there where can I have it I think
rich might be trolling us the kids they
say trollee not sure he's trolling us
yeah bars that open up
stupid stupid lousy thing that's the
name of the movie stupid lousy thing
yeah that should be a name of a movie
that should be closed why did it spill
everywhere that doesn't make any sense
guys okay right right so far you're with
me okay nobody else with you no I'm not
even close to being with you here here's
where here's where if this either works
or doesn't wait this could not work no
no what it's a line in them I know what
it is I have no idea how really serious
oh yeah yeah nobody see if they respond
to our reaction if that helps them in
any way I don't know if it will but they
understand what you're doing now they
just need to figure out what movie it's
from Hey Oh
zap or zip I words got it
Goodfellas powers what a job what am i
clumb yeah what am I to you to come yeah
that abstract zap powers excellent good
good jobs their powers
Goodfellas jesus H Christ I don't know
if that was a shot in the dark or if you
really figured it out from that that was
people who haven't seen Goodfellas and
aren't familiar with it or even gonna be
even more convinced just know it is like
that mob a movie you know people know
the reference probably more than the
movie probably that's true and the end
by the way there's just a great drawing
in diplomacy that's a good clown yeah
how am i up this last round and this sub
only where is this the last this is the
last everyone okay so this is for
everyone again everyone gets to guess
for this time and then it'll be and then
I'll go rich I'll go in jail go again
okay well this is last everyone and then
there'll be one more round for someone
exactly okay can't keep track of these
things this is an everyone guess it's
kind of a step ladder perfect that's
great
okay never seen this movie but okay all
right here we go all right and we're off
a stepladder
prtscn saves a lot of people absolutely
alright alright
oh I remember what it was now I forget
the name but I remember it
it's not super troopers and people are
guessing that no yes oh we got our nets
sinnerman did you Smokey and the bendito
yes signer man or cinnamon skit Smokey
and the Bandit oh my god it's the Burt
Reynolds - but he didn't have that hat I
don't know what it looked like
I'm thinking the bandits that might be
Smokies looks like smoke is ahead
well I'm combining both into one so
people can guess it oh boy that looks
like Boss Hoss is at like their boss hog
hog yeah Ellen no not that powers
cinnamon cinnamon there you go that's
all I'm a Bert y'all see him a Bert
okay Smokey and the Bandit II know I
thought you were like glasses in a hat
you're like mashing that you're mashing
like eight characters together but I
guess if it works anyway I watched the
in high school my dad like Smokey and
the Bandit so he had it on VHS
I tried watching it one day I put it on
and it was the opening credits and it
was some really 20 country song uh-huh
and I was like I'm done and I shut it
off you've never seen okay Thunder but
boo rich boo Jack yay J for what they
like you're they like your pictionary
better than our
okay your drawings they were there I
think they're angry with me over the no
clown I can understand
hey that was some clever shit sometimes
you gotta go to extremes to make your to
make your artwork work okay so now we
are going into sub only mode this will
be our last last round of sub only last
round of several ways I'm gonna go then
which is gonna go then Jay's gonna go
sub-only oh yeah oh okay I know what I
would do meets the snitch no I've never
even heard of Twin Peaks what is this
what is Twin Peaks is a game movie
what is Twin Peaks a board game is it
some sort of iPhone app is it a stylish
haircut I guess I shouldn't assume that
they've listened to other cats but no I
love to a peak so I'm obsessed with
third peaks where nuggets are about to
impeach because we're doing pictionary
talk about scribbles what did you eat
that's right okay I made my eyes let's
not eat I had Berta asterisk okay okay
okay I need your what I have here Lucy
what's up are you okay Enderman f
remember I remember this one
okay I got this
are you guys ready mmm aye but are you
ready cuz here we go
I'm already laughing now
he's nice
now when campus in ski is not a movie I
left leftover beefcake he himself was
not a movie someday there'll be little
movie called whiskey ok oh I am Keith
David sir Hilary man fat thank you for
subscribing oh oh I am Keith David got
the answer it's team of a nice username
by the way I am Keith David it is team
with David is in um he's in the thing
he's the ass-to-ass guy and record for a
dream he's Cameron Diaz his stepfather
at the beginning of something about Mary
he's a great care apparently he's on the
new season of community to that's the
first one ok Tina to is the exact same
movie but boxing the exact same because
boxing so let's see he goes to college
is it a different man character it's
it's Michael J Fox his character's
cousin he just also happens to have the
same affliction it's the exact same
movie that was the first movie I
remember seeing them in the theater and
that was the first movie where I was
like wait a minute this is a ripoff it
probably it registered to me that they
were just recycling the same movie that
was the first time I ever had that
experience of really understanding okay
and that was a big deal right here yeah
well Congrats I am Keith David oh yeah
that's right
did you mark it lots of underscores so
do you need a hand
well I'll find him okay I'll find you
Keith oh fuck what happened weird whoa
excellent okay rich me oh my god that is
so rich missus this is still sub only
okay sub only mode rich gets the BIC oh
yeah Keith David is also when they live
you can't go without mentioning that cuz
they live is great oh yeah oh Jesus yeah
too easy
oh is it easy yes I I would not know how
to do that I say I'm gonna go the
opposite of the Goodfellas route I'm
gonna try and do this one quick oh okay
okay I got I mean I guess if you want
are we we are just about ready to go go
for it well usually I have two days like
five seconds
okay I'll start when I see the octal je
okay warning I must he's already had
Marie and sub only boats I guess doesn't
matter I'm just gonna start drunk okay
just air-ground
just go just go
okay okay okay here we go we're gonna
we're doing it oh okay just a slow Mon
that's great yeah and here we go
oh you are going for the simple route
that that almost should be but there's a
hard part there's an important part to
the don't stop talking don't give it
away it's a rich sure but don't don't
clue people in it what's happening here
right so far nobody has got it they
close well of course yeah no cyber cats
Crocodile Dundee part two we're just
gonna draw oh yeah okay Crocodile Dundee
part two yes that's the important part
people because a lot of people guessed
Crocodile Dundee obviously yeah but it's
part two cyber cat wins it Crocodile
Dundee art to the crocodiles revenge not
yes I don't think I've seen any of those
movies no one more I did that one doing
another one oh yeah okay Ritchie's gonna
do another one is this the others are
another oh okay this right here rich is
doing I'm assuming I'm double dipping
okay that's fine Ritchie's doing a bonus
and it's trying to keep track of where
we're at sure well no I mean obviously
we could keep going and I just not have
anyone oh sure but okay so we need to be
in sub-only mode
oh well or is this a bonus right your
call Cemil near every 100 entirely so
octo Jay make it everyone
dr. J make it everyone make itself
you're right
a Michele rich doesn't follow their
stupid rules
just catching up now no cry the room is
in slow mode now which is great and then
oh you're still thanking oh I remember
okay
Scarborough lamode bonus round dr. J
should be getting paid for this you're
right but we don't have any money so
anytime you're ready yeah yeah I'm your
age dr. J is paid in our utmost
appreciation G is the answer Japanese
sword okay
oh my god
you can do oh oh okay this is an odd
approach but uh someone got it all right
oh my god lucky strike lucky strikes Big
Trouble in Little China already all
right how did you get that large mean I
get big but okay that's amazing do an
arrow little all right there you go
Congrats congrats you lations okay so
here's J this is going to be our final
guests now that sub only mode get the
half all right we already did yeah well
cuz we ate we already had oh that's
perfect that's perfect
okay I'm just gonna start drawing okay
do it do it this is a good one not
really it's a good on cuz it makes you
think I can I don't know what to do and
strength with it though that's the
problem that's the real yeah I know
exactly what I would do
yeah yeah I can't say it because you
guys guesses are very funny yes Oh fifty
naked guns the Elephant Man sorry to
draw hands and fingers
desperately seeking Susan is not the
correct answer but just thinking about
that movie is very funny it's not great
so the one with young Madonna that is
the one young Madonna
we're gonna use this Madonna singer
while she's still a fad for everyone's
forgotten about it
that's a good guess a lot of children of
the corn they guessed children of the
corn that is not it but that was a good
guess where they are they don't see all
they just see them thing okay everything
is fine I thought it would look like yes
from what I'm seeing in the industry
okay throwing everybody off Jackie
throwing everybody off the game now it's
like hello Draco Oh miss Greco
it is mr. mom mr. mom there he is with
an apron and desiring it's fine he's
going what am i doing just fine job
thank you I just watched mr. wrong for
the first time this year yeah I watched
it in preparation for seeing Birdman
because I thought maybe it would be
relevant towards our discussion for half
of the bank sure it didn't Anna beam but
what I discovered it was like that movie
has so little going on it is literally
just I'm at home with the kids
yeah and that's the whole movie uh-huh
that's the whole premise yeah yeah I was
surprised at how flimsy the Python there
had to be something more to any whoa
he's a man and he's doing a mom she was
like it was so yeah so yeah Krieger
seven eight three sexism literally take
care of the children what kind of man
would do this that's wrong the woman
should be here instead that's fast mr.
mom that was great so I have all the
winners I'm gonna be that guy fearful
sludge boy dunder but it's be space Kim
Oh mr. Foreman le emmechelle 87 avenged
seven
they fold s Joe b89 frosty snooze Davian
gone Phase II it's au n-- dime crazy
Walt Eisen beard grad gradum oh one diet
dr. awesome
JP versus the world caught one day via
again number coolers what gum Burt pills
how do you how do we say that number
cules gum gum Burke Uli's Wow yeah gum
Burke Uli's kaze eighty-seven favorite
customer dick the birthday boys a powers
sign ermine I am Keith David cyber cat
Lucky Strikes and hello Draco we're all
getting something or other you are all
getting us something or other it
probably won't III will start sending
out messages tomorrow so check your
twitch tomorrow and you should get a
little email when someone sends you a
message but I will start sending out
messages tomorrow to get your real
emails to send you games all sorts of
games I don't know they're gonna be say
what people are literally much like this
I'm going to put all the games and a hat
and it's just gonna be okay it's your
turn to get a game I'm gonna pick the
game out of a hat then you get that game
wait what thing what people are saying
someone got it before yeah where were
you announced well before hello Draco
yeah they're saying
animist primal gut first oh my god I'm
sure we've got enough games that would
give something to I mean
well I mean we we do probably but we
gotta give it to the winner if this if
this is the consensus it is no you know
my chat is gone now like yeah it's gone
too far so I'm going to trust octo Jay
okay okay you think you want a prize and
then 20 minutes later 20 minutes later
the you find out that fraud was
committed by the Brady judge and then
the committee's gotta get involved and
they're idiots so they don't strip the
gold medal and before you know it you're
getting some kind of retarded
constellation practice 10,000 K will
give one it's fine it's fine
okay okay marry chrimbus you all get
games and buy you all I mean all the
people I met I mentioned and a mr.
primal where are you way to do okay I'm
down
I am absolutely down a mr. primal I'm
adding you to the winner's list you are
now added to the winner's list sorry
about the frustration there was we
apologize for all of our wrongdoing
we're big dumb idiots yes I'm going to
gift a Miss primal alien I have so
efficient
that's your cancellation yes your prize
that's your prize take it great great
all right well in any case thank you all
for coming out to our Christmas
gift-giving spooktacular yeah because
it's all things rolled into one
we had a great time Merry Christmas
everybody and you know what
thank you for your subscriptions and
your support and your views we really do
appreciate it it's almost Christmas it's
the time for heartfelt so one time a
year you can do it without seeming like
a putz can't we be punches anyway happy
Chanukah merry holidays
okay that one guy who does Kwanzaa yeah
you enjoy that mm-hmm oh what a great
Saturnalia and I'm sorry animist primal
I do always say a missed animist primal
I apologize I don't double apologize I
missed you and I then I mispronounced
your name a jack is terrible yes let's
just all agree on that
yeah by the way there should be multiple
videos coming up on the red letter media
site before the end of the year they're
coming we haven't been doing nothing
it's just that last bustled the worst
kind of got delayed we had to ship the
tape the land and they are trying to get
back there lots of things coming in a
very short amount of time there I say
you will enjoy the next best of the
worst I hope so I really hope so last
week yeah I fan it's not done yet I
think they're gonna like it okay I shut
up all right well you don't we have like
three things left in the Hat
