Episode 160
XCOM: the New PC-in-ing (Part 3)
January 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aWyL30n64
___________________________________________

for game and I thought that was funny
now Angry Birds
sir jack of Milwaukee yep you guys know
how to get my attention
will you make anymore Russian guy tries
to join the pga video videos no i
preferred the football video the
football kicker video i thought was
better i didn't much care for the golf
one i probably not because I've not
heard of this thing you speak of it's a
video I made we're all okay
a Russian football kicker and I wanted
to join the NFL and then we did one
where I wanted to join the PGA and it
just didn't work out as well as I was
hoping it would I don't remember that it
was a while I think it was last last
winter actually okay so it was a while
ago and I just you know it's that one
didn't turn out what what we were hoping
to do was actually go do golf trick
shots in the snow and it and we couldn't
get it to work right so I was actually a
little disappointed in that video
oh god damn it I'm so sorry and for all
of you who are saying you love the space
quest room and you want us to stream or
older games we will we're gonna do we're
gonna do Leisure Suit Larry - that's
gonna be our next one we're gonna play
it together it's gonna be great
he's super awesome Phoenix our constant
asker of spikes is from Michigan wrench
yeah he says how about that game today I
can only assume you're talking about a
football game I don't pay any attention
to football hey I've seen any of the
games today so did the Packers win did
they lose I don't know they might have
they might have I haven't I have no idea
Phoenix I'm really sorry I play
I don't I'm really sorry Arthur spikes
in Michigan that's the good question
Phoenix are there spikes in Michigan
sweep
Packers won Broncos won what Packer
whoopty fucking do I don't okay yeah it
doesn't matter to me
whichever bit whoever went
congratulations to everyone great
whoever wins the Bears loose someone was
someone is saying they loved watching my
discovery of text adventure games I
loved severing them that was great yeah
yeah it's the so it's it's you know you
can't be exposed to everything I was
just I knew of text adventure games but
I was never exposed to them before I
never I never thought about them in a
way that were I would ever try to play
them and here I was in a situation where
I was thrust upon me and I loved it
loved it loves and loved it it's and so
and you know maybe then the lesson for
us all is just make sure you try
something new every once in a while
because you just might like it oh okay
here's a great question the Rising Sun
it's saying All Things Considered which
console do you think is the best and the
answer is very simple PC it's your
computer 100% 100% 100% computer all the
time I'll I mean you know I have I love
my Wii U why I play it all the time but
it's it's the the console has more
diversity and cheaper games it's it's
the the computers the way to go 100% of
time we I was talking to this with some
of like my younger cousins over the
holidays and you know they were really
excited about possibly using like
Christmas money to get a console and
it's just like
like look at these computers yep look at
your computer situation get that going
get that gone I love my we you good
about that that ps4 for the show I
almost regret it right cuz at least at
least one one particular game I've found
out is also coming out in the PC okay
well we have it just in case which is
nice you know we should have one of
everything to make sure that we play
whatever comes out upon but yeah it's
collecting dust yes haven't touched it
since the alien isolation bit yep you
know oh and now I'm gonna be that guy
saying are my kids into gaming yes yeah
the older one who is old enough to play
games now oh we love playing Smash
Brothers together it's super great it's
super great and we can be on the same
team and you know we just we will play
smash for way too long it's it's the
greatest how old is he or or more
accurately how old am I six okay six and
so you know it's it's super great and
the really fun thing about it is you
know like the currents Nash has all the
as a bunch of like classic game
characters like Megaman and pac-man so
then like that leads to conversations
about these games you know like Megaman
which are games that I love you know now
he has a reference to her like wanting
to play those older games and playing
pacman and you know it's it's so it's
really fun it's really fun and what's
really great about like him playing
smash and just getting into video games
in general is you'll see him like
physically kick when the character kicks
yeah you know like he's that into it
where like you'll see his body like
spasm with the character movement
because he's so into it I really enjoy
them so I really enjoy that
yeah Murdoch we've talked about that
before Jackson and Parker are both my
children from from the joke videos but
they do this I got the times people we
spent a while going over this you might
have not have been there for that stream
but yes they are both mine so Parker is
is who and Jackson likes walking he's
not old enough yet to play games Ellie
but we we enjoy playing games together
they were look we were looking at that
captain toad treasure
and I was like and you know it's like
right now it's like 40 bucks it's a
little too much for a game that we might
not play captain toad treasure quest
yeah it's like a it's like a exploration
Oh
although the the mario toad toad the
mario toad game yeah yeah yeah I recall
that yeah so sorry the name was so odd
sounding it there we think yeah captain
toad captain oh no I don't know we were
watching the trailers for I like my Jack
Benny put Jack Benny back on the radio
grandpa rich what's a radio why you
don't know what a radio is grandpa rich
how did you even get on the computer how
are you talking to me
I've got a computer I thought this was a
telephone I hope you stand up against my
ear it's got two buttons on it I don't
know why the receiver would need two
buttons hello
I'm gonna be that guy says that
minecraft ruins a child's interest in
all other things I've heard that
so many times so far we have not shown
them minecraft they know it exists cuz
other kids play it but but yes I heard
over and over again that once you show a
kid minecraft they will play nothing
else than minecraft which is true it
like it's just it's video Legos why
would you play anything else
it's Legos without the restrictions of
having to get more Legos they're never
gonna relay some Lego game you just
build things with Legos are they there's
minecraft you don't need it like oh I'm
just saying cuz they don't still want
people to buy Legos I wonder I wonder if
any of the like I haven't played any
other Lego games I hear they're good I
hear they have nothing to do with
actually like creatively building what
you want to build right they're just
games that happen to have Lego
characters in them mmm things are made
out of Lego bricks but you don't
actually write assemble them at any
meaningful creative way they should they
should just make a minecraft clone with
actual legos no you know we could play
what I do have Lego Marvel superheroes
oh do you yeah oh yeah that's kind of
Awesome in a geekiest possible way sure
no and I've been seeing people saying I
just saw someone mentioned D&D; and that
makes me think some of the other things
we play with Park who's older now is you
know we're trying to get him into board
games we just got him for Christmas
Catan Junior there's a Catan Junior
there's a Catan Junior a way to teach
your children how to play in Catan but
really it's like it's like a light
version of Catan it's pretty fun
actually and it is just like a stripped
down version of Catan and so that's
really fun we do play some D&D; style
like tabletop
dice rolling adventure games where we we
drew out rooms and then we randomize the
the placement of the rooms and then we
like give each room a treasure and a
randomized enemy and like he uses we use
like mario guy's right like we just use
action figures that we have around the
house and then they have to make their
way through the dungeon to rescue the
princess or
whatever you know we make up the story
and it's like a light version of
Dungeons & Dragons that that I can play
with him and when friends come over it's
really it's really neat and it means I
get to bring out my 20-sided die which
is obviously the worst thing in the
world because it's really nerdy but you
know like they the kids shockingly get
really into it because you know like
you're playing this game right and and
it's not just about like attacking the
enemies you know so it's like we have a
little Mario action figure and like a
little Goomba action figure right and so
then it's like okay you're gonna attack
the Goomba what are you gonna do and
then the kid has to like describe to you
like how they're gonna attack it so like
are you gonna jump on it are you gonna
try to punch it and then they like get
really into describing like the story of
the game it's really it's really it's
really but nerdy can be fun it's you
know it's really fun what scriber bow
Barbarella people who weren't here last
Sunday won't get that thank you
good it's pretty good for subscribing we
really really appreciate it I know I
know there's just one of these fuckers
left and so take me forever to find him
you can do it you can do it oh you're in
the spaceship I haven't even been paying
attention so sorry that's fine
attention not required attention now oh
my god you're totally right
it's the plot to shock my I'm teaching
my children the plot to shock about
their plan yep they're playing a boy
okay open the damn door microfiber
militia yeah once we start LARPing
that's when it turns into shock I'm a
territory and that's when you need to
worry kill I've never played reach have
you ever played Magic the Gathering no
yeah neither have I sorry I there were
people like at my high school who were
really really into it and I just I don't
know I never got into it I'm sure it's
fun I'm also sure it's fine Oh Colin is
heading to bed now
good night Colin good night Colin thanks
for coming by Oh also rich would you
close that fucking door
no there's gonna stay open motherfucker
deal with it
[Laughter]
I like oh well see ya this is and I was
just gonna talk about this is like
lighter versions of deck-building games
I do it cuz magic the cash to get the
whoa whoa too many beers right no Magic
the Gathering is a deck building game
but it's one of those games where like
you have a permanent deck I like the
lighter deck building game to wear every
time I have a randomized deck you know
and we've played games like that you
know like munchkin is a light deck
building game the Penny Arcade Penny
Arcade has a deck building game that's
actually super super fun there is a we
have a Marvel game Marvel what does it
call now it's in the other room I could
go check we have a marvel deck deck
building game that's super fun there's
there's a bunch of these like lighter
magic inspired games that are that are
lights deck building games that I really
enjoy smash up oh I've played smash up I
like smash up yeah smash up is really
fun deck building randomize yeah these
are all this is a marvel ascension what
is it called just about everything is
fucking damaged that's fine legendary
thank you marvel it's the legendary
marvel deck building game pretty fun
it's a that's a cooperative deck
building game where you all have to work
together to defeat bad guys so either
everyone wins or everyone loses
well good night Craig nation thanks for
stopping by
okay the Rising Sun in the long run do
you think that Nintendo's experiments
with its consoles controllers are a good
thing or a bad thing for example do you
think they will prevent games on those
systems from becoming classics or do you
think they're advancing interaction with
games in the right direction well it
depends my well not you're just asking
about motion controls because like their
past innovations have been things like
the analog stick which everybody else
copied and now uses yeah the shoulder
button this was another Nintendo
innovation which everybody else copied
and now uses so their innovations have
been great things but they've also bit
them on the ass ya know and i overall
experimentation should always be
encouraged because you will never you
will never know what works until you
know what doesn't work you know i think
their experimentation with motion
control has proven to god as proven to
not work because they're not using
motion control anymore but i think one
of the things that they found was what
people really liked about the wiimotes
is using them as a classic NES
controller where it's a classic
controller and so they a lot of their
games now like for example Smash
Brothers is a pretty complicated game
but you can play it using the Wii mode
just the Wii mote like an NES controller
and so they've they've they've learned
that simplified controls is a really
good thing and so hopefully that's what
they've learned is making making the
game as simple to play as possible and
whether that means motion controls or
whether that means just a few button
inputs I don't know I I like a big
controller I like the the the Wii U has
that pro controller that I really
using I like the Xbox 360 controllers
but get that money then France is gonna
be in a panic if I don't take care of
France
I need money though
[Music]
take this permission number sell
everything fucking it's all fucking
everything it's gonna be ridiculous the
question being asked to me is it are
there is there a motion controls game
that I enjoy I take that that is that a
no from you or did is that amazing a
guessing game keys no more heroes I
actually do think it uses the motion
controls really well
oh okay okay I really liked the motion
controls in Twilight Princess I thought
that the sword fighting was really
corpse a lot thank you for subscribing
so wats the corpse align DHE underscore
Co RP I'm singing s EA l OT a lot yeah
that's a fun name it is corpse a lot
this time it was actually really good
oh my god did he know that the core plot
I don't he might have what the fuck
indeed so in any case the the motion
controls in Twilight Princess I really
enjoyed you know using like the the the
nunchuck to move your character than
swinging the sword I I thought that felt
really nice
whose idea was it to have Ishtar and the
latest best horse well Mike mentioned at
first Mike made an Ishtar joke I don't
think he knew the trailer was gonna be
edited in three times that might have
been all J yeah that's all J that J
edited the episodes and and did it well
[Laughter]
oh yeah like yeah the week Oh such such
a simple game it's it's hard to talk
about it i like the wii sports bowling
game doing it well but yeah they did
motion controls well you can put spin on
the ball that was needs that was neat
bill let the heck oh it's finally i
didn't to be a part of a mission to oh
nobody nobody has died this is great
alright money do it i'm not gonna get
money i'm gonna get more engineers
engineers are always good and it's gonna
help with my panic okay well great I'm
doing the safe thing oh good good good
night anarchy 100 oh and Ricky I get it
it's a funky spelling of anarchy to get
it yeah that's cute rich because you
officially sent out the copies when when
will a horrible glory get his copy of
the Star Wars Holiday Special
it's it's there tomorrow oh yeah it's
coming it's coming it's out of the way
somebody told me they did not get their
copy of ducktales and I could swear I
sent it out we sent that oh you know who
hasn't responded to my twitch message
yet by the way we have we have
officially sent out all but one did you
send it out via Steam yeah well then
check your steam account man hold on for
a second a lack of checking right the
second oh no not you I'm trying to
remind to check earlier but for some
reason steam wouldn't let me into my
inventory said you have zero items which
I know is not true okay no maybe or more
heavy they're having an issue I want to
say mr. Foreman Ellie if oh fuck
woah woah fuck
fuck what did what did you do
III agitated a nest of vipers fuck
[Laughter]
mr. Foreman le has not gotten back to me
with with with game stuff as far as the
the mspaint
pictionary winners everyone has gotten
ahold of me except for mr. Foreman le I
want to say you need to get a hold of me
so we can give you a game because you
won if you're here today
well we'll end and you know what who was
it with duck tails I remember the name
how does the other that is in the chat
before we started streaming so oh that's
that's I'm gonna be that guy we will
look into it I'm gonna be that guy we
will officially look into it I don't
want to lose anybody Jack are you gonna
lose someone
[Music]
ah oh that that elongated F like tickled
the inside of my ears the worst
celebrity appearance in a video game I
don't know I have no idea I heard that
Peter Dinklage was particularly bad in
destiny I didn't play destiny but I
heard he was pretty bad in it oh do you
mean like or do you mean like Kevin
Spacey being in the new Call of Duty
just as Kevin Spacey that could be I
mean fuck off fuck you I'm gonna be that
guy we're gonna look into it don't you
worry we have a copy of ducktales
somewhere around here and we will send
it to you I'm sure I sent them all out
though I wonder what could have happened
well you know what it could just be a
steam glitch where it's like you thought
you sent it out and then steam glitched
and it didn't get sent out you know it
could be something really easy so we
will look in to yeah I'm not I'm not
trying to call it I'm gonna be that guy
I'm gonna be like I'm not trying to call
him a liar II just no no oh and yes
fearful slug boy I do know that I never
made a Smash TV highlight video I did
make a highlight video Smash TV ain't
which I never imported it over to
YouTube because rich and I literally did
not talk about anything for the entirety
of the Smash TV you and I rich did not
say a damn word you stay off my goddamn
assault you strangling piece of shit see
what I'm talking about I don't know
I decided I decided that it was not
worth porting over to our YouTube
channel cuz we just didn't say anything
and that was the weird one where like we
were using the game audio through the TV
that was picking up on the microphone so
it's like everything sounded awful and
it's just like ah you know yeah you know
the biggest bitch I've discovered is the
entirety of the mspaint pictionary
stream you know how we had all of those
[Music]
connection breaks and we had to like
keep starting and stopping the stream is
that ended up into 18 different
broadcasts you know some of them are
just a couple minutes long but you know
we're talking throughout the entire
thing and so I've had to download each
of them individually I'll cut them
together export them and then re-upload
them to YouTube to make sure that they
are fine but boy boy those were those
are tough that's all I got okay
I can't argue with that that's all you
have is and yes past broadcasts do get
deleted from twitch but not highlights
so the highlight will still be there but
the patents past broadcasts get deleted
after a couple months I think they you
had to work with them I had to work with
what am I talking about
Cory's / are you talking about Barbara
Allah that was great and you love it
no I'm just saying it's it's gonna be
it's just gonna be tough to make sure
that they're all organized oh I'm not
complaining I'm just I guess I am
complaining it's not a big complaint
it's just it's more it's a it was more
effort than I thought and going in but
it'll still be worth it cuz it was a
really fun stream and I think it'll make
a really fun highlight video so scroll
past so I can't see who said it was
somebody in the chat ass what makes rlm
videos so addictive well that would be
the the crack that we cut into every
video mm-hmm yeah it's and the hard part
about that crack is ionizing it so that
it gets absorbed in digital form it's
very very very tricky because they're
like you know the so the light that
emits during an rlm video is actually
absorbed into your pores and that has a
small crack of flavors yes yeah you know
what it has and now I never did you ever
watch Mystery Science Theater 3000 I've
seen like two episodes you know
yeah me too and me as well I never I
never had a need for it if I wanted to
laugh at a bad movie I would do that
myself with Mike or Jay you know needs
somebody else to do that for me
that was exactly my thought when
watching Mystery Science Theater want to
watch this movie so taking my assault
again oh fuck no fuck these aliens
they're alien bullshit yeah that's right
that's all right
oh god misses 70% sure if I lose that
assault for this bullshit I'm not gonna
be a happy man yeah well there you go
- misses from 70% or so hey bridge
admiral fart bar asks a good question
are there any games next year that
you're looking forward to hold on I'm
gonna hold on rich is gonna have a heart
attack I'm calling an ambulance
yeah they're putting they put me in a
hole rich yeah good so put me on hold
what happened what happened
everybody missed 70 or 80% shots oh
those are well you were getting all of
those shots that were like 30 percent or
finally came around oh okay
the mad the mad dice of XCOM she's on
the verge of death um so I mean did you
are you on the roof no I'm not going to
be on the fucking roof and you can shove
the roof up your goddamn asshole here
can you do that for my Jack can you
shove the roof up you fucking asshole
here's what I'm going to say can you do
that with some rusty nails along do
earlier you were hunkered down on the
roof and I think you're winning pretty
handily and right now you are not
hunkered down and not on the roof and
this is what's happening the I'm just
I'm using the information I have
available to try to make the best
decisions I do I do know that but
there's nothing you can do about it you
people should have seen the crazy things
that Jack was doing we're playing risk
the other day it was like he didn't
understand things rich came over
Christmas Eve so we could play some risk
but my brother-in-law it's been a while
since he played racing we used to play
all the time and he was in town so we
put we played some risk and it was
really fun to play risk again and I
don't have a mind for strategy so I just
on the wild card I'd do whatever and I
made I made it to I'm a I almost I made
it to second place second place to rich
when when we started the game how many
countries did you get dealt in Australia
Australia has four sections and I got
dealt three of the four sections of
Australia okay yes guess you could not
hold on to Australia not even once did I
get Australia how many how do you how
many terms did I have in Australia when
we started that game no you had none I
had none I ended up getting Australia
from you yes I missed my brother and my
brother-in-law was being a bit of a cunt
even though he didn't care about
Australia he kept putting troops in
there just so I would have to fight and
then I lost all the dice rolls
it was terrible ah Jesus Christ
I I wanted Australia's so bad and then
eventually I had left it and but you
know what I did get I got Europe and I
held all of Europe for two or three
turns which is a hard thing to do so
yeah well it's cuz at that point I
didn't care about you like I was
dominating the rest of the globe yes
rich was winning and he he went he went
he spared me because he knew I was an
easy victory as many risk cards as the
other people so they were they were
higher on my radar yeah I i gobbled
everybody up like pac-man the end of the
game yes I just wept through the whole
globe in one term wept at all it was a
masterful play I learned some lessons it
was it was you know what it was just fun
to play risk again it had been a long
time since I got it you got to play the
risk cards you can't worry about holding
one of the comments you just can't
that's what I always worry about I
always want to hold the continent
because then you get the the extra guy
it's a nice bonus but but you win you
win with the risk cards
yeah so rich went with the strategy of
just steamrolling like you yeah you beat
some / you beat one person you get all
of their risk cards and if they have
enough cards to get more little armies
which you can place right away then you
steamroll the next person you get their
risk cards it was it was a masterful
stroke it was
we weren't ready for you fuck everything
is coming up fuck yeah why can you not
get all the way over there that doesn't
make any sense
why is the yellow lined here what is
going on what's it
I'm very confused I don't I can't I
can't help hearing confused I don't know
what I can't help I don't know what the
game is doing I think I'm running gun I
can still pick that up taking a risk
Oh we'll bring it back around yeah
taking out taking a risk and we got
thrilled we got it we got it
I want I want to get some cyborgs before
we're done streaming today oh okay yeah
I want to see a cyborg rich the next
point can you say to me yeah someone's
talking to you we all know these jokes
we know these jokes every night and you
know them no no no these jokes this is a
new me he wants to tell you something
all right
he wants to say TIE fighter oh it's
fucking hard in the best possible way ah
[Laughter]
yes TIE fighter is glorious glorious
it's a glorious game that I'm never ever
gonna play really I know no that looks
like way too much looks like way too
much also the rising of the Rising Sun
asks what is the best value for money
DLC you ever bought and I'm going to
agree with feel fearful sludge boy the
FTL expansion is the best value because
it's free yeah the days when you could
buy a game and you would own the whole
game I mean you didn't have to buy
pieces they cut out later I noticed that
I hate DLC I know you do I know I do and
FTL did it I don't open that why you
open in that door that's not what I
wanted to do close the fucking door
oh god there's nobody in there everyone
safe
that that assaults I love who gets all
the kills is on one health and she's
completely out of cover and when I click
to move one guy instead of moving they
opened the door but there were no aliens
inside so everyone's ok ok you know they
know the strategy they're on the fucking
roof turd Ferguson you're right I also
remember when you didn't have to pay to
be a beta tester and yeah I do really
like my Mario Kart DLC but that's just
because I really like Mario Kart like if
you're not 100% into Mario Kart you
won't give a fuck about the Mario Kart
DLC but I really like it I really like
it everyone yes that's a I like that's a
favorite of mine Cameron Mitchell what a
great movie tear in Beverly Hills yes
our shit
dick the Nutri boy says because of us
he bought space quests collection on GOG
oh cool I hope you enjoyed yeah I hope
you enjoyed it too and die you fucker
die not you dick the neutral boy other
people maybe I thought I am lame oh yeah
that's a good point binding of issac
wrath of lamb was a good expansion as
well before before rebirth came out
there was the original game and then the
wrath of lamb expansion which just added
more to the game for just a couple bucks
extra so that's I mean that's the thing
right this is gonna be a very general
statement but if you really like a game
then you're okay plot paying more for
more of that game like rich was saying
earlier with the with XCOM you know
enemy within an enemy unknown right yeah
if you're if you're gonna like it you're
gonna want more of it so you might as
well get the the bigger one where are
the fucking aliens there they are
dick the birthday boy are you talking
about the percentage numbers in the game
[Music]
he's saying what's with the Oh what's
with the numbers what am I missing here
they're doing there they're doing the
ishtar thing dick the birthday boy and
three two three four four two three four
dick dick dick dick we're not even
fucking around
dropping bombs on them on HR or dropping
issue we're dropping a star on aliens
people this is how is going there do
boom did the boom he's my backup
I don't know if I agree with you saying
rlm holiday special was the best thing
our alum has put out it was pretty good
yeah it was funny it was funny I enjoyed
it not just cuz I was in it and I
thought it was genuinely funny you know
hopefully they we we just keep making
them good like them I it's been a while
since I since I watched last Christmas
special with elves and Santa Claus and
Christmas vacation - I'm actually
interested in rewatching that so we'll
see oh my god did you that harvey korman
clicking his tongue for two hours
hilarious my legit jay is a madman
because he did that yeah it's it's a two
hour long video do you I mean just the
time it would take to upload that to
YouTube is phenomenal
they don't know the original plan for
how Jane was gonna cut that shall we
talk about that I mean we can we can I'd
prefer I prefer to have Jay here to talk
about that just to talk about why he
ended up not doing that
so I'll just say what I was going to be
sure we can talk about the details later
but he was originally going to cut that
like a choose-your-own-adventure like do
you want us to go on a further tangent
or do you want us to talk about the
holiday special
yes yeah and I thought like that was a
really interesting idea where we would
just keep spouting nonsense and then you
could choose whether you wanted to keep
listening to the nonsense or actually at
most going to the discussion I can only
assume just logistically it wouldn't
work timewise but J will have J talked
about why he didn't end up doing that
yeah but you know also I think that the
- I think that the - just the two
versions works as well and I love how we
just keep almost talking about the
holiday special and again we do not pre
plan this that was just something that
happened because we literally did not
want to talk about the holidays
anything else no I just it it fascinates
me how J was able to make anything
coherent out of that non-stop jibber but
hey that's great how much does my
cybernetics lab cost of power yeah all
right it's free of that
now back to 9/11 right no and it's just
like Mike started on that tangent and I
really thought that that was gonna get
caught no I didn't think so
you didn't think I did not think so oh
man oh man I don't know jack who edited
the episode 1 review Mike Mike I thought
that was a known thing that was all Mike
Mike does the plinking review
did you guys that did you guys not know
that is that a spoiler because cuz no
here's Mike
yeah we got we got someone was asking
how bad some of the jokes were we got
way worse
we were a little we were very little
question your attention about about a
lot of jokes so okay
fucking portent yeah my salts in the
hospital Oh No let's get him out no no I
can't do that
you just can't oh I sure did anyone help
if they have broken arms was healthy
nearly everyone else I don't you know
what and for those asking I don't know
if Mike was any more or less drunk than
he usually is
so did I fuck up and not build
satellites I fucked up and did not build
satellites it's okay I want to build
other things anyway oh no I did I bought
them early all right all right
did you do it yeah
now if I celled them I'd have enough to
buy all my my cybernetic stuff Oh
portent oh no I hate this mission but
money I will get money
oh hey dong Italy had a horrible crash
and is now running a fresh install of
boot dudes welcome back yeah I don't
know if we talked about that earlier but
Mike's spitting of the ice was just just
the weirdest I mean obviously we did
talk about that
oh we're rich were you around for any of
the on the street interviewing of the
United States of no no no I was in
Chicago then rich would not know they
were asking if the argumentative couple
from the United States have no were
acting or were they real I'm honey they
were all real yeah yeah I I was not
there but ya know then they seem like
real people to me yeah I would also
assume they've never seen them before
since Mike is actually God and I never
directly asked but he'd never said that
was faked so ya know I'm I am I am 99.9%
sure those were real people his
questions so absolutely absolutely also
the best solution for an ingrown toenail
is actually to let it grow out you have
to you know you have to kind of get in
there it'll be a little painful yes to
try to try to get it unstuck from the
skin which will be painful make sure you
clean it properly every single day to
make sure you don't get an infection by
do this I just said when I had one dr.
Ives kid had had two doctor cut it out
yeah and you can do that you know the
key is really to get out before it gets
to be extremely painful yes and then a
preventive measure of ingrown toenails
is just to actually grow your toenails a
little bit longer that way they don't
get embedded what that toad turns into a
magnet for other people's feet I've
never had my foot stepped on so often
you know and when I had a goddamn
ingrown toenail no everyone was stepping
on my fucking foot I believe it
[Laughter]
there's a terrible topic of conversation
everyone for free it's that yes look
someone has the questions like yeah I'm
answering you did a fine thing there you
go go get that Obamacare nor dr. hmm
alright I am building my cybernetics lab
do it build it already why isn't it
built already ten days I could have done
it earlier but I thought anymore
powering up
you didn't feel like doing this mission
now I want to build my fucking cyborg
death machine I don't want to do portly
important tedious time-consuming mission
oh no oh I don't think he had a beer
that I think Mike at that point had a
mixed drink that's why he had ice in it
no one would put ice in a beer unless
you're drinking a steagle radler with
gin in it because then you have that
over ice and it's delicious as I've
talked about many times on the string my
love of steep hill travelers over ice
with gin
oh that's an interesting question for
the episode 7 reaction trailer with
famous internet celebrity rich Evans did
you guys order random Star Wars
merchandise or just have it lying around
that was mics there's all mics the
tonton the action figures yeah yeah no I
didn't like step on the action figures
outside of dumping them on the floor I
think there were pretty much all fine
sure
and he picked out any ones that he
thought were in good condition so I mean
you know her old beat-up action figures
in the first place though some did get
some did get destroyed okay I found a
couple of severed like heads severed I
made her head severed Luke Skywalker
head I hate this mission so much yeah
Mario my wrist Eagle rattler that's the
one Mike is a nerd rollers
I think the Droid is but it still yeah
well it early come on if you guys are
here listening to us talk about nerdy
we're all nerds and that's why that's
why I can say that I think the Droid I
think they are our 5d for is back on the
shelves I want to say yeah survived he
survived an accurate way to put it I
don't it's so funny way to put it
Jesus Christ
you know what I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say no that droid will not be in the
next our live auction
I will no probably not no I will protest
against that that's a special one bonded
with rich they're starting in
relationship
I just want cyborgs death machines yeah
I gotta go through this bullshit this
missions just a tedious pain in the ass
jack I'm I'm I'm really sorry this is
the mission you died up oh oh this is
the app let's see I have no idea does
not retreat I would not receive you'd
need to retreat no we're going fire and
I got one guy left I guess I should
retreat now I think I did I think I got
out with one guy
and that's fine Mike does happen and
it's like mike has an encyclopedic
knowledge though mike is able to someone
was saying that they love Mike's
encyclopedic knowledge of Star Trek yeah
and I just think he mike has that kind
of memory where he does he remember his
episode names he remembers what things
are called you know people associate
Mike with Star Wars but he's tricky
first and foremost absolutely dong 8ly
says Jack how do you feel about adblock
well I'm a content creator who makes the
majority of his yearly revenue through
ad sales on my internet videos how do
you think I feel about adblock it's it's
one of those things where right now the
kind of the ad the way in which Internet
content providers earn their money
through ad revenue is a little weird and
ads are getting a little out of control
and we're still trying to find that
balance of how people who make content
can make money so they can keep making
content that said I don't we do make our
money off ads but if it's like a
30-second video I want to watch I'm not
gonna sit through a three-minute app
right oh right right well this is the
thing these ad makers need to be smarter
about placement services like Google
needs to be smarter about what ads they
place where and of course you know like
I'm not there's nothing I can do about
and if you use adblock that's your
choice that's your choice but it's just
to cost us money
yeah you know we there's there's other
but you know there's there's other
things that we can do obviously you know
we have your subscriptions here on
Twitch which really really greatly
appreciate but we're gonna keep running
ads because that's that's another stream
of revenue and and that's how it works
right now I don't think it's the best
system but it's the one we have make
that shot make that fucking shot make it
make it make it make it make it make it
don't break it did you make it
I made it oh good job he's gonna miss
this one come on be yak-yak-yak miss
fuck umiak fucking I would I would like
to see a world in which ads are shorter
and funnier and it's I don't know I'm
you know I'm not gonna stop you from
using adblock if you use it Don Gately
why would I call you dong Atlee well
this is the problem you get it Don
Gately it looks like a dong at Lee fuck
fuck fuck I can't get this one over here
fuck fuck everything and especially fuck
you I hate portent
yeah
mmm yeah yeah and ads are tough
sometimes yeah you're right I think ad
makers are used to TV rules and we
haven't quite grown into the Internet
agent remember how young the internet
age is okay and how young just YouTube
in general is and I think a lot of
people are learning that lesson where
we're seeing a lot of 10 and 15 second
pre-roll ads now which is great just
like make it quick make it short that's
what people want they want it you know
like I think people are okay with ads if
they were shorter maybe if they were
more entertaining I don't know oh good
night John kilo have fun at you think
whatever gun but uh Owen Owen like I
said if you use ad blocker there's
nothing I can do to stop it's it's
that's part of the system and that's
part of you as a consumer fighting back
against a system that you don't like and
us as content providers should be
listening to that and that this is
something that actually when I'm talking
with clients when I'm making like a
branded video this is something or when
I do like consulting work for an ad
agency this is something that I talk
about a lot which is like I've done
pre-roll videos before and always always
always on the top of our list is how do
we make your video 10 to 15 seconds that
is always top on our list and it freaks
ad agencies out they don't like that
because it's not something they're used
to exactly right that's exactly how they
react
okay yes fucking dead men son indicators
it's it's just it's a thing that there
are some of us who are very conscious of
this who are trying to change the system
but the bigger the system is the slower
it moves so that's that's how it works
but we do what we can and right now
there's heads back is for peers and now
he couldn't mod my but I can to dick the
birthday boy I'm here I'm Magno sorts of
stuff I'm ready to mod you've watch it
crazy
I agree I agree bill at agencies love
putting a shitload of content and as
much money as the time is necessary they
don't care like ad agencies with love of
a five-minute commercial it wouldn't
work but they would love to make it but
but yes shorter faster more entertaining
and of course it's a the the really the
real thing about advertising is if your
product is shit it doesn't matter
because no one's gonna buy it so just
know how about instead work on making a
better product do I don't um it's true
it's true it's really true but a it
doesn't matter nothing matters and no I
don't I don't like dress up for these
meetings I I don't dress that my brother
dresses up
he's the suit I get to be that creative
so I get to wear whatever I want it's
great it's great
I should mod the patrons I don't know
who the patrons are Elvis is Elvis here
Elvis talked to me about being a mod are
you here Elvis delvis I'm sorry that you
miss your home oh okay my snipers took
care of it well good you talk about your
fucking ads now all right I'm sorry I'm
sorry
talk about the game during this gaming
stream we're doing four games but it's
okay to talk about ads again now
[Laughter]
I just want a cyborg death machine I
want to see your cyborg death machine I
I want to see it meuk I don't know if
I'm pronouncing that right but good good
job taking out that thin man yeah good
job my yak my head it's like a
bastardization of milk go do some MEAC
huh oh I like that I like that
oh is he yeah bill knows he said he
makes banner ads as part of his job
no no it's there it's it's nuts
add people and people be crazy
yeah the mods the mods do they they they
moderate for us for free and we really
appreciate John kilo and octo Jay and
Sergey P when he gets to come out we
appreciate all of their work keeping the
chat clean but I'm here I'm here
watching y'all I'm watching you I'm here
wait wait talking about monk talk about
some milk you're losing it
who's gonna lose and yeah I am losing
him they have any questions what's going
I don't know now right now they're just
structure they're saying monk I think we
need to structure I think that's our
problem monk
we don't need structure
well are you talking about we just got
so we can say whatever we want to say
all the time do whatever you want all
the time that's rule number one range
that's well do you know what it sounds
like a rule that would lead to a lot of
problems
no no cuz then rule number two is you
have to be able to deal with the
consequences of rule number one there's
no guarantee that you can you don't
always know the consequences exactly and
so then if you're not prepared to deal
with any consequence then you shouldn't
do girl number one
I I think just don't be a dick right
that's a good rule too I think did I buy
any of the Mass Effect 3 DLC well I
fucking hate the game so why would I go
and do that mm-hmm and you're not a fan
of DLC yeah fuck everything so this fuck
my life
but wait now someone is saying that rich
you showed them XCOM and they bought it
and loved it because you showed the Mex
come that makes me happy
that makes you very happy true you're
happy all the time you sing and dance
and tap but dance get them sniper get
them get them bill away with wha yeah
yeah yeah we killed them they're dead
their brains are on the wall yay also
kwazy says you guys can see
sorry no no it's okay because this is
also gonna be a joke where he's like he
says you guys need to check out shovel
night
we've played and completed shovel knight
on stream you might not have been around
for that yeah we we love shovel knight I
I was a I am Arthur L we're joke begins
and ends it's true I was a Kickstarter
backer for shovel knight and I really
enjoyed it I played it and beat it all
on stream and I really liked it
roof power are they saying you were on
the roof yeah did you win when you were
on the roof winning because I'm on the
roof I just happened to be on either oh
we oh how weird you're on the roof and
you're winning that's so weird and this
in this mission it makes a tactical
sense I'm sorry jack hmm yeah and you
win that's great that's great there's
time and a place for roof that time and
place is not all the time it's all the
time Don Gately here is something you're
asking about David Lynch films I am NOT
a fan of David Lynch films Jay is a big
fan of David Lynch films huge and I he's
alright I don't much care for his style
yeah sorry the camera yanked out of my
control their feelings
oh good reason so I don't necessarily
have a date a favorite David Lynch film
because I don't much care for his style
I I enjoy his artistic impression not
impression his artistic expression but
I'm not I like a little more structure
to my movies so that's it sorry
you're welcome living liquid I don't
know what I did but you're welcome yes
the binary Sun thank you for subscribing
thank you for the subscription we very
much appreciated yeah it is it's well
I'm trying it out it's jack has anyone
ever told you you have no edge many
people many people have said I've had to
have no edge that's okay we're gonna be
fine with that again I don't know you
not to worry about it
okay at me worried about it do you worry
about it I'll worry about me you worry
about you matter good good
as Jack ever said anything but nonsense
I think one time I said rich Evans crazy
thank you for subscribing crazy hoots
the yes I am a Cronenberg fan I I enjoy
I enjoy the weirdness of Cronenberg so
yes I like I remember that I can
remember the very first time I saw the
fly and oh man did that disturbed me in
a very real way and then I watched it
again because you know I die I like what
he do make it lunch make it lunch
I don't think oh but maybe I don't know
the bug anuses this I don't think that
was Naked Lunch that's naked let's
totally make it lunch it's it's it's
been a while what you'll have to type on
my anus that's totally make it lunch oh
maybe I you know I'm you know me I'm
really bad at remembering names and
things and people and stuff oh yeah okay
they're they're agreeing with you rich
that naked lunch was a Cronenberg know
as long as I'm right and somebody else
is wrong I guess that it's the only
thing that is important
[Laughter]
that is what's very very important one
oh now everyone is saying that they need
to go watch Naked Lunch needs a strong
word also they're saying that you saying
that was a killer Optimus Prime
impression Optimus no you wanna hear my
Optimus Prime impression go for it
autobots roll out autobots roll out
autobots roll out roll to the rescue
Autobots it's time to fight Megatron
we're gonna fuck Megatron up what what
Optimus I don't somebody's somebody took
some old transformers cartoons like we
did the audio mm-hmm looks like I've
just fried being just you know a little
bit crude no okay good I like that you
fucked up again jazz
[Laughter]
what oh no they're just saying lines
from Naked Lunch now the anumana whole
you get a whole thing oh okay wait now
you want Michael Caine doing an Optimus
Prime impression Oh
okay boots well I can't I can't even do
it okay what do we do when we fall what
what do we do when we transform into a
trunk oh do boots what did we do when we
roll out dough no we're getting my
cocaine in here we got to stop that is
the devil is it true yes oh well there
you go there you go what do we do when
we roll it out what I know these guys
are waiting to pop out I know it I know
it I know it in my heart
I need to get through this shit so I can
build a death cyborg rich have you
played the the Dragon Age Inquisition no
no okay I don't care - there you go
Bioware can suck it oh there go a
pathetic one there you go yeah
what she didn't miss cge 1138 it says is
a true egoraptor reached out to people
and you rejected him no no I've not
heard nothing anything from egoraptor no
no back back in the day I had heard that
he that he was a fan of red letter media
and I like his sequelitis videos quite a
bit and I sent him a YouTube message
because I had heard through the
grapevine that he wanted to get a hold
of red letter media and that was the one
that was the end of it
I so I tried but you know like that was
through YouTube so who knows if he ever
got it but I had heard that he was a fan
of red letter media oh yeah no that's
right that's right he is so I had heard
that he was a fan of red letter media
and wanted to know about getting in
contact with red letter media and so I
said oh hey I heard you wanted to get
I'm this is Jack I'm the ball guy what
what can I help you with and he was like
oh no it's cool I didn't want to I
didn't really want to talk to you guys
and was like okay cool so loves it
that's fascinating story yeah I know
that was it
subscribe to hear more exciting tales of
our encounters with internet celebrities
I know I'm I'm sorry the dogs not a more
exciting story but they asked a question
and that was it it was like it was like
oh I heard you wanted to get hold of us
no not really
okay it's just not a story well then
we're asking that's all the story I got
even it's you know yeah I think you just
didn't want to talk to me I think I
don't know so yeah so am I don't know
and that you know that you get so
celebrities how many quotation marks and
celebrities right we're internet
personalities we're nuts celebrities
yeah he just wanted to talk to rich now
is it
you know the Rising Sun no doesn't
matter I guess it doesn't does and rapid
of course an answer without context is
completely useless there you go there
you go
yeah maybe that was he was like I want
to talk to someone with hair
I don't know ed listen it was a while
ago I don't I I wish I was a better
storyteller sometimes I could make
something up if you guys like I'll make
up a story we met in an empty parking
lot I can the three bears that kind of
story
yeah no no I was gonna figure I was
gonna go for like an atmospheric like we
saw each other on the roof of a parking
structure there's a foggy morning you
know like one of those but that's all I
got no no no no you got to do it dick
neutral you got to make a dick neutral
on if it's somehow you can't just leave
us hanging like that Jack I I don't I
don't
platon ater thank you for subscribing
c-3po tatto tato Oh secret potato see
freak you for subscribing I get it right
name I get joke c-3po tato that's really
great
that's really good
[Laughter]
Jack and the three hack frauds
absolutely this internet video is too
bland this internet video is too weird
J that's exactly a little bit yeah J was
on screen junkies J knew the guy who was
directing it right jános one of the guys
and he was in town okay I don't know the
details of the story if there is a story
bin my web show and that's what it is
he talked about it my web show what mr.
blinken what yeah everybody oh no it
sounds it sounds like you're mr.
Plunkett at like 3/4 speed that's
exactly what it sounds like we know oh
space come on what do you want to know
what's going on sorry I'm missing some
things jack you fine okay
space come on I'm going back in the chat
and I'm reading your question give me a
second here jack you find an expensive
ring while out for a walk before you can
do anything
your wife notices and thanks you for the
gift it fits her perfectly
you know you've been put on the on the
good side indefinitely do you tell her
the truth and turn the ring in or let
her keep it assuming this true my my
wife would know better immediately that
I would not do something like that
I would turn it in I would turn it in
because I'm that kind of person if I if
if there was a place to turn it in I
would turn in the ring why is rich
trying mr. blinken question mark he
can't pull it off oh my god do we need
to have this conversation no do we need
to have this conversation with people
about who the first blanket was not in
there hurts and I understand that
participant it was rich rich was the
first blanket but they're from their
very first blanket was there for yeah
that's you know what that's true
their first bucket it I mean it sounds
different oh hey you're here Elvis Elvis
delvis is here boom he subscribed
earlier no I'll be up oh maybe it was
worried about of it did he I could be
wrong but Elvis Elvis yeah whatever I'm
not important Oh God
I just want to build a cyborg death
commando you've been taken in medicine
for hours and that's all I want to see
no Elvis tell who's got a hold of me a
while ago
wanting to know about a moderator
position and and I said I talked about
it and I did and now Elvis Elvis is our
brand-new modern
I just made it so and soon enough you're
gonna get a little sword by your pizza
roll and it's gonna be great
he's gonna be cool if it ever happens I
made you a mod but it's sometimes it
takes a while for your sword to show up
rich equals Pete best mic equals Ringo
clearly clearly I am the Ringo whoa
clearly whoa wait
which is the better one what are we
talking about
who's the Ringo rich rich is the ring
Mike Mike would be Lennon Jay would be
Paul Mike would hate that Mike would
hate being called planning yeah yeah you
think we'd rather be McCartney we've had
this conversation and we both like
McCartney better and we thought it was
weird all right fine fine
Mike gets to be McCartney J can be
Lennon okay who's George George is uh
George is the you get to be George
I am Ringo sure fine
I don't know that much about the Beatles
so that's all I got I don't know who did
what Jack who's George okay great I'm
George I'm good with toys oh you know
what I'm good with George Harrison cuz
he wrote I got my mind set on you I got
mine set on you and it's gonna be time
Ringo didnít have a cutesy solo song
about snorting cocaine that did me yeah
oh well there you go oh that's cyborg
death machines Oh God
all right ten days shits gonna pop up in
ten days don't sing I'm gonna sing if I
want Barbarella sometimes a thing and
sometimes I don't
I know I'm no George dick neutral I
don't even know what George is I know he
did that song it was good I like that
song I'm close to my cyborg death
machine but another mission popped up
okay another tedious plotting mission oh
sorry
Oh easy one okay I don't know what's
what's the plan Jack I could just skip
this I have no idea what the plan is
here's here's what my real plan is I'm
gonna look in the refrigerator to see if
I can find another beer and if I do then
we should keep going and if I don't then
I'm done okay it is getting late so give
me a second here
how's everyone doing its look okay I say
TD is plotting mission because I'm too
familiar with it it's not the council
missions are not randomly generated and
for portent and this mission I know
where every goddamn spawn point is and
in order to get through it safely it's
it's a plot I can't make myself position
my men's stupidly because that that also
feels wrong so it's like portent and
this mission just feel like going
through the motions and I don't know
that we're gonna get our cyborg death
machine the night it's it's getting
pretty late I kind of want to pack up
and head home so I I think I think what
I'm going to do is we're going to save
this game and I'll probably I'll
probably take this particular save and
we'll eventually play through the whole
game on the same so there will at some
point in the future be cyborgs death
machines I think I think I'm getting
ready to call it for the night
you know maybe next next time I do a
solo I don't know maybe maybe not the
next next time but ya know I'll pick
this game up and I'll just play through
all of XCOM on this iron man save yes
this is an Ironman Ironman classic is
the the difficulty setting for this game
mm-hmm and I think we're gonna call it
Jack I know that's a great idea you know
what I'm out of beer out of beer all
right I love you all right let's call it
we're gonna call it cuz you know I also
kind of want to continue my my blood
dragon no death run at home Jack when I
when Jack got ahold of me earlier we
didn't know if he was gonna stream her I
was gonna stream and I was maybe maybe a
little under halfway through blood
dragon no no death it's a shortage game
so it's not too hard okay I want to get
through with no death and no mission
failures though I've gotten through
without dying but I fail on a fucking
hostage mission hostage got shot oh yeah
yeah
I'm so sorry well that's great
you just like it cuz it looks so pretty
though I also like eighties
science fiction action movies that's
true that's really true so ah good night
everybody
thank you so much for coming out also
yes I see make sure to check your pets
pet them extra hard pokum poke your pets
and feel for lumps it's important but
thank you all for coming out and we
thank all the new subscribers and we
thank all the old subscribers and we
thank everyone else for coming out
because we appreciate it we welcome our
new mod Elvis delvis who had the easiest
first shift ever because he just showed
up for the last five minutes of the
stream but but
all right now mommy what thing what we
want okay
you're gonna keep making noises jack I'm
not you know what I'm gonna end the
stream normally tonight it's just gonna
be I'm gonna I'm actually going to
announce it ahead of time we're going to
stop the stream right
