Episode 161
XCOM: the New PC-in-ing (Part 1)
January 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr1UobY5jD4
___________________________________________

sort of maybe kind of sort of I suppose
we'll find out yeah in a second I'm
gonna tweet I've had it because I'm at
my computer I've tweeted already so our
our customary like loading up I can see
it loading up on my computer screen
oh my lord oh my like slightly early
with no audio problem so you know that
this is a rich Evan stream well wait
they haven't told us about our audio
problems maybe there's no audio problems
or maybe there's we don't know do we
have audio problems chat cuz I know what
you're gonna say already I I have that
much confidence in my abilities here
just for Jack's sake though no I'm gonna
let Jack know how the sound is oh my god
yeah they say they can hear oh jeez yeah
early and no audio problems thanks to
thanks to Rich's computer oh I get none
of the credit okay all right fine
fine that's the way you want it okay you
know what thanks to Rich's new computer
and his mastery of technology and I'm
playing X cam
XCOM thanks Kim let me just the stupid
monitor here so I can see the chat
that's annoying everything in my my
other monitor like hops to the other
side of the screen and it's like all off
that's very strange brain in the second
monitor whenever I start the game mm-hmm
but oh I see the game I see the game and
it looks Laureus playing XCOM welcome
everyone welcome to the stream this is
the Sunday night what I'm gonna what I'm
gonna call behalf and a hack stream
because you know rich you're normally
the half um and so now but now you're
streaming and I'm just skyping in this
is a weird feeling have we done this
once perform we've never done this
before we've never done no this is just
the last time you streamed I wasn't able
to Skype in because my internet was down
okay okay
wasn't it one time before that then no I
don't believe so
oh wow the and then the time before that
that you attempted this dream your
computer almost fried because this was
before yeah yeah all right oh no see it
in the stream is saying that I've Skyped
in before too but I don't remember that
I have it seems familiar to me I think
this has happened okay let's you know
what maybe and everyone make more ishtar
jokes because I love them I here's
here's the deal well XCOM now this is
the new computer so I don't have any of
my old saves oh oh so that one Ironman
run I was doing with you know people in
the chat named after the soldiers yeah
oh that's gone all of that is gone I did
not think to back that up man oh well oh
well so we're gonna have a we're gonna
have a fresh fresh XCOM run if you're
one of the few people who died it
actually might have only been like one
or two people in my last game you can
you can you can you can live again you
can live again oh my god these men these
men are pod it's great that's great
everyone will get to live again richer
you still there yeah oh you're just
setting it up yep okay
anything it's loading up now great
mustard diet asks a very important
question favorite flavor of pizza roll
none acceptable my my question is do
they have flavors sausage they might
yeah
i if they have flavors i cannot tell the
difference
I still love pizza rolls but I cannot
tell the difference so I apologize I
don't know about pizza rolls you don't
know about pizza rolls what's not to
know about pizza rolls they're delicious
it's kind of disgusting you are a liar
pizza rolls are they're a little
disgusting they're like they're like
mini hot pockets that are bad you're I
mean no they're great these are also
fantastic all the time well and that's
speaking from someone like me who rarely
eats them all right everybody how is the
game audio is the game audio terrible
can you hear us is it too loud or is it
too quiet very important question very
important question and a few hot pockets
are really bad I agree if you can't go
to a nice restaurant and order pizza
rolls they're unnatural you can't you
can't get them outside of like a
supermarket course they're on that like
artificial yes yes of course there but
that's a it's it's much like is the same
reason that Taco Bell is my favorite
fast-food chain only because there's no
Taco Bell near me reason to be a fan of
Taco Bell which is some of the worst
food on the face of the earth I think he
means you the best food well again it's
cuz I don't have it that often that's me
it's a it's still a treat Taco Bell Taco
Bell I think is the the single worst
fast-food place
I'd have to think about that for bid but
they're definitely in the running for
worst fast-food place here you're an
awful liar and I wish you would stop
lying so much thank you all right no the
last time I played this in the stream
might have been one of the last times
I've actually played X come I am now
horribly out of practice oh well there
you go
well there you know I think I'll be okay
on the tactical side of things but my my
strategy layer with the base I might I
might have some fuck-ups where I forget
to research this or that or satellites
oh hey rich is your is the sub alert um
yes it's clicked on and is it on top of
everything everything it's got a check
mark and I don't see I don't see in the
chat anywhere any subs and it's which
this happens to twitch sometimes John
kilo was just saying that oh wow Inc Inc
ulema just subscribed so Inc alum thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated and I apologize that we did
not see your sub I'm looking back in the
chat right now and I don't even see it
in the chat that you saw so I do
apologize this is my first time does it
look and feel wonderful wow it looks
better somehow it does well of course
I'm sure it looks better and I forgot to
turn any second wave options on but
whatever that's uh I might not have any
unlock cuz this is a basically it's a
fresh game yeah yeah fresh install of
the game sure oh absolutely
absolutely it's so smooth it's so smooth
jack it's the most it's the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen it's like
falling in love all over again I can't I
can't believe this it's amazing wouldn't
it be nice if we were older I'm bad I'm
I'm sitting here I'm tearing up I'm
tearing up and who do you think who do
you think I'm glad we could achieve this
moment together
this is fucking amazing
oh sweet and I made a 45 percent shot
right off the bat everything's coming up
millhouse there you go I'm glad that
you're happy all right you know you know
what I'm more glad about that I'm not
and and hopefully that the chat will be
glad about is that you're because you're
streaming tonight I got to spend a
little extra time editing the next
prereq episode and I'm pretty far in it
so I think come the new year not exactly
on the new year but you know soon after
the new year we will have a new episode
which is very exciting I don't I don't
think there's any rush at this point no
I know and we just had a huge content
dump which I know everyone has really
been enjoying I've been really enjoying
watching Jays masterful edits of both
episodes of the Halloween or the holiday
special which I love
ooh well I mean I can't I can't kill the
alien but I can I can strip his cover
that's always a good thing
agreed oh and you know before I forget
we got we got a message on the Twitter's
today of a fan of ours christened the
Twitter okay yeah I'm the Twitter's I'm
the Twitter's a fan of ours would like
us to remind everyone in the chat who
has a pet and I know rich this will be
most important to you everyone who has a
pet a cat a dog or a reminder to check
fuck your animal for no not for that
wrench it's a check your animal for
cancer they Kristen recently had a cat
Madison died died of cancer and wanted
me to send along a message to everyone
to every once a month just like you
check yourself to check your animals as
well because it was one of those things
that could be could be preventable if
they checked it sooner
so a heads up to everyone to check your
animals they're our friends even though
they're not necessarily friends of rich
Evans they're friends of mine okay and I
thought I thought it was I thought it
was a lovely and comical request to have
us talk about cats knowing your love of
cats don't hate cats I just can't be
anywhere near them I know there's a
difference I know you don't hate cats
I don't know if we ever talked about how
many cats I had growing up no because of
court you know on the farm farm cats
well we had farm cats but we also had 13
indoor cats 13 indoor cats not including
the cats that were both inside and
outside and the ones in the farm too
many cats
far far too many cats love lumpy okay
yes
speaking of lumpy who in the chat after
our episode did you miss it oh wow is it
really bad no I got I got hit real bad
okay so who in the chat after seeing our
episode watched the Star Wars Holiday
Special this is the important question
what is wrong with you and what is
recently warned you not to
Oh animus primal says Jack I got
offended that you got offended by 9/11
jokes you know that's okay you can be be
offended by my offense
be more offended and all the stuff that
Jay cut out cuz it got worse the
conversation got much worse and I
thought it was funnier Jay cut it all
out so be offended by that if anything
that Jay doesn't think you're up to that
good for you all good for you all know
I'm seeing a lot in the chat that people
did not watch the special and you
shouldn't know nobody should you should
it's really terrible it's it's far worse
it's far worse than we were even giving
it credit for this this lady here is
fuck but lay she's taken two down with
her
you're gonna sacrifice she's not going
out alone well I know it's not that much
sacrifice so much just that she's low
health and she's got shit cover I could
either help her down uh-huh or I could
take out two of these three aliens which
obviously hunter down think is more
important at this point take care of
these you think that's more important
than hunkering down yes it is
I want to hunker down I do but it's just
yeah it's not in the cards you're right
I could take I could get real lucky here
we'll see we'll see okay cool
no cool nope all right now we're gonna
see some blood I hate this son of a
bitch but you get to see blood in yes
smooth high-definition graphics
if that counts for anything so much for
no death fuck alright son of a bitch
that does not make me happy
how do you not have line of sight
oh okay o microfiber o microfiber
militia is is the is the the lady who
got ahold of us on Twitter
whose cat recently passed away from
cancer and yes they she said she did
watch in the stream with them and for
those of you wondering about the Star
Wars Holiday Special cartoon segment
they were not exaggerating with how far
off that lip-sync was that was just as
terrible as as they showed over and over
and over again it looked really cool and
really stylized but man was it awful 60
frames per second has gone to reach his
head he's throwing caution to the wind
so this is what 60 frames a second looks
like an ex-con it's nasty
is it far more beautiful this is far
more beautiful yes
yes well that's great that's fantastic
and great and everything wonderful sir
bread Robert Bazar jaw is asking whether
Mike actually did did Mike actually spit
the ice into my drink
he did not explose well that was the
thing and you know like he started
making a face and all of us leaned in
and he just spit it like it got on my
arm I felt it on my arm and it clink to
the outside of my glass it was the most
disgusting thing that anyone could ever
do and it was you know I have no idea
what he was thinking it upset me a great
deal I powered through because I'm a
professional but it'd have said me a lot
why would someone do that does Mike have
no soul I don't know I can't I can't
make that Gunnar Nilsson almost almost
jack the name of my soldier here Gunnar
Nilsson Gunnar Nelson Nilsson not Nelson
never I don't get it there's one of the
Nelsons oh I get it I only know that
because one of my sister's is a fan I
don't know why of Nelson yeah
of course she's also a Mormon so I don't
know I don't know if that if there's a
connection there but but uh maybe maybe
that's like the hardest music they can
listen to all right I saw one person
that wanted a name I'm gonna name them
okay
meuk me me something no no no I've lost
the name oh oh I know that person yeah
okay okay sure it's my AK am i why does
a c1 here's a question does anybody care
what like gender they are or anything
weird guys or girls it doesn't matter
I say just as they come just
as they come right okay so mi the y AC
right yep mi y AC one Oh what for the
last name Nick Nilson oh no because
aren't they usually like titled by their
last name so gunner should be their
first name and my alright should be the
last name gunner gunner my I think
that'd be the funny way to do it
and John kilo is saying mr. shy smile
always wanted to be named okay we'll do
that
okay why not cuz you know one cuz why
not how does he do the Capitals I guess
doesn't really matter I guess it doesn't
really well because won't know because
we'll know rich just mister shy smells
like mister shy smile we have a
subscriber um smashed bottle thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it he was just
in time yo
oh really new subscriber gets the name
ya wanna all right I'm cool with that
I them as they get my attention
actually you know what uh I'm gonna do
first name smash last name bottle oh we
have another subscriber now they know
what's going on 0:02 pisum thank you for
subscribing we super super appreciate it
okay that's it that's it get more
characters or its quick admiral fart bar
thank you for subscribing that's a trap
it's a smelly trap all right should I
should I name everybody that just
subscribe should I do that I mean I
guess I'm kind of could you can you give
me their name the name of all that those
last two names again sure sure Oh dope
ISM is OAD IP is M okay
and Admiral obviously underscore fart
bar so I don't know if you wanna make
the first name Admiral last name fart
bar thank I will okay I think that's
great
guys guys wise all right give me another
name Jack give me another name oh Jesus
Oh what um let's see here oh I see I see
Billy hecka didn't that was just the
very first subscriber I saw after you
said give me a name h e-- is there
seriously just okay h ec k a first name
Billy Billy
alright let's be enough from now mango
yo yeah we got five six okay we're good
we're good we're good
we're good that's and yeah I apologize
for anyone who I miss but it was just
like oh oh actually rich no it's all in
one word what are you doing to me I I'm
messing up your your flow mojo I didn't
know I didn't know your flow mojo was
like that I'm very sorry I'm very sorry
mr. LaHaye ah now I'm gonna wait for
this cutscene to go back and rename
people again Mario Mario I'm not playing
favorites I'm just seeing how I see
first
just seeing who I see first jack ruined
everything I did I did ruin everything
that's true I'm sorry it's Mike it's my
crocodile brain sometimes I think that
was that's one of my favorite things
ever is my creation of the crocodile /
Lion Brand emoticons every time you guys
put those on there I love it I love it
you know I'm playing you might be you
might be horribly disappointed only died
when I then everyone dies except for one
person
lousy rookies lousy good-for-nothing
rookies hey rich yeah as someone who's
played AK XCOM would you recommend
enemy Unknown or enemy within enemy
within is enemy Unknown with extra stuff
so get within oh I guess I guess look up
what the extra is and see if you find it
interesting I think it's worth it I
don't know I don't know what the price
difference is right now but but within
is basically just downloadable content
for unknown I know in the consoles it
was too big an update they couldn't sell
it as DLC on the consoles so they just
resold the whole game with the user true
yeah oh it's crazy yeah yeah it went
over there DLC size limit you can't just
sell a complete game anymore you have to
sell the game in bits and pieces until
it's done absolutely yeah
yeah yeah here we go playing the game
proper abduction this you're playing the
game proper for assistance well sure in
chat I might be in and out I'm gonna
still talk to rich obviously but I might
be in and out as I'm I'm double tasking
here I'm working on some I'm working on
a super fantastic special effect for the
next previously recorded well we all
know how good the streams are when it's
just me he's that talk to me you know
tell me you know what's going on oh you
know you know what I can talk about
while while I set up this new layer and
after-effects here is do you know what I
heard over the holiday week that blew my
mind a blonde joke that can we not tell
jokes anymore well it's not it's not the
fact that is that not at all possible I
mean no no no here I'm just saying
when's the last time you've heard a
blonde joke okay okay it's probably been
a little while it's been a long time for
me I cannot recall the last time I've
heard a blonde joke and so for me it was
just like who is this person that thinks
like that blonde jokes are at all
relevant or like what's happening in the
world you know it's just a blonde joke
yeah but no one tells blonde jokes
anymore so it was just weird why not
jack huh
why not cuz they're old jokes you can
you can tell a fat joke and I laugh
probably if it's a good joke oh no it's
not I'm not saying that you can't tell a
blonde joke because it's offensive I'm
just saying no one does anymore okay
which is true I think a lot I cannot
remember the last time I've heard a
blonde joke I think
you know blonde blonde jokes are there
are little sexist but that's fine like
you tell any joke you want that's not
gonna faze me but it'd be like telling
an FDR joke you know it's just it's just
outdated no one tells those kind of
jokes anymore mm-hmm
somebody in the chat it scrolled up a
bit but they said is enemy within worse
paying more than twice as much as it is
just to get unknown oh here's what
here's the thing you could get the
cheaper version of unknown I mean if
you're not familiar with XCOM and it's
it's not the worst thing you could ever
do but the thing is if you end up really
liking X come you'll probably want enemy
within sooner or later anyway mmm so I
mean if you like the game you you at
some point you will probably also be
buying with it that makes sense yeah
that makes sense and then I get it if
your your your your budgets tight I can
understand that and you know that's
where I guess it's worth just getting
the the vanilla version of the game sure
but if you end up loving the game within
is something you'll want sooner or later
oh there you go the Oh Cho nose so again
I'm not sensitive about jokes I tell
rather tasteless jokes all the time it's
it's not about it's not about me being
offended by blonde jokes the Ocho nose
says it would be like telling uh in
Soviet Russia joke where it's just not a
joke that people say anymore her words
it would makes no sense so like you know
I just heard someone tell a lie and and
they told the joke as if I was like up
to date on the latest blonde jokes were
like have you heard the one about the
blonde getting pulled over and I'm just
like who tells blonde jokes anymore and
it was it wasn't the greatest joke it
was like a blonde a blonde a policewoman
that pulls
over a blonde and the blonde who gets
pulled over gets asked for her ID and
she doesn't know what it is and so the
police woman says oh it's you know
rectangular and it has your picture on
it that's what you need to be looking
for so the blonde in the car pulls out a
mirror looks at it and hands it to the
officer thinking it's the driver's
license of course and the officer looks
at it and goes oh I didn't know your
police officer move along because the
blonde police officer is equally as dumb
as he looks I didn't see this it's not a
good joke no matter what and so it's
just like it's an outdated joke and it's
a bad joke fine it's fine
exactly it was just one of those things
where where it was a joke of didn't make
sense to me like well how I'm gonna be
telling this Jonathan says hey you know
what you're right everything's fine
everything's fine all the time
everything's fine all the time
do-do-do-do-do how's your special effect
on Jack
oh good right now I'm asking out my head
and it's going to find I just ran into a
situation here
sure
easily solved one easily solvable
what's my x-com talents this is as
nothing I don't even know why I said
everything's fine everything's fine
nothing to see here
okay Sam long hack fraud rich Evans I
see I see you so that's it that's all I
got
heck fraud just wanted to be seen hack
fraud underscore rich Evan says Jack
look at me so I'm I acknowledge you yeah
oh you don't think that's a bad
president now that's a bit oh I'm sorry
you gotta win em you gotta win them off
the attention no I'm gonna look at him
I'm looking at ya like I'm like I said
I'm scrolling back and forth I have a
chat open on unone monitor and my
after-effects on the other in a monitor
and so like right now what I'm concerned
about I want to do an effect with my
head and so to do the effect properly I
also need to recreate the background
which luckily is very easily because
it's a black backdrop and so just making
sure that it remains that black backdrop
for the entirety of the effect is the
important part
yeah that's pretty good
you know what that is pretty good yeah
yeah you think yeah yeah I think it's
pretty you know like it's not gonna be
the greatest it's not gonna be the
greatest effect one because it'll be
really short it's only about 20 frames
so to be about it'll be a little under a
second having a worth of an effect but I
think it's funny
I think it's funny a joke the effect is
a joke so that's the important part
these guys are hitting everything it's
kind of great
they're hitting everything oh yeah well
I think it's good that it's great
everything is awesome most of the time
oh that's right that's how I've been
working a lot in Photoshop recently and
so I'm using Photoshop with keyboard
shortcuts in After Effects which anyone
who knows the after-effects no that's
not the truth
don't do that everything is awesome
everything is cool when you're part of a
team I have a weird-shaped head right
now I'm masking out my head and I'm a
weird-shaped head it's the thing you
should know about me
damn it yeah I know but you know it's
just the head I have there's nothing I
can do about it you know obviously you
aren't talking about my head but I want
some of them and well it didn't I went
with it and I don't I don't regret going
with it
all right I'm making those those those
under 50% shots Jack really yeah yep why
are you even going for those cuz I'm in
good cover okay so you're just taking
pot shots basically you can do that as
long as you got a back-up plan I guess
yeah that would be the important part
what's your exit strategy grenades good
as always the exit strategy is always a
grenades always you know we'll see right
here yeah this is my exit strategy there
just use my exit strategy great you know
what I think I think that's great
all right let's see what's what's going
out you chat uh-oh I'm using Creative
Cloud I use I used the CC and so right
now it's the CC 2014 version that's the
latest update of Creative Cloud that was
that was the back-up plan
rich and I were talking about who was
gonna stream tonight and what we were
gonna play and if rich didn't feel like
it literally my backup plan was going to
be streaming after effects work just cuz
it's something that I want to get done
and that might happen as as certain
things progressed I know there will be a
lot of After Effects work needing to be
done on space cop and so I think that
might be fun stuff to stream it's just
like so you know some non-spoiler
after-effects stuff it's just much it
just might happen I guess is what I'm
saying my sniper skills get Jo sniper
some kills this alright I keep hitting
the sub 50% shots I congratulations well
that actually looks pretty darn good
that's actually the really nice thing
about masking out a bald head is I don't
need to worry about any of the hair you
know so it's it's it's a weird shape you
know it's like I got some bumps in my
head but generally pretty smooth if I
had hair to deal with oh this would be a
much harder mask that's what I'm looking
for here nah it's be saying non-spoiler
that implies a plot which himself which
in itself is a bit of a spoiler yes
there is
there is a plot to space cop spoiler
alert that's kind of a yeah there's kind
of a plot yeah and yeah John cool I have
seen some some people do After Effects
work and editing work on Twitch before
the corridor digital guys if anyone
follows corridor digital on YouTube I've
seen them do After Effects stuff it's
it's primarily game based but you know
it's still our channel we can do a whoo
we do what we want we eat what we like
Bom Bom Bom
you just call me a bum I called you a
bum get off doing that well I don't know
I'm the star here Jackson I'm the star
you can't call me a bum no you're that
you're absolutely all right
oh no and Colonel rich mustard I'm not
using channels to mask out my head I'm
using I'm using the pen tool to manually
mask out my head I'm I'm rotoscoping my
head out as like I said it's only it's
only 20 frames and so that's a simple
enough rotoscope to get my head out and
I'm using channels but it is an
all-black background so I could do that
think well thank you John Kela for
looking out for us but I don't think so
I think if anything like if we did it
once they might yell at us if there was
a problem but I don't I don't think
it'll be a problem
I don't think I would the hunters for
two scopes fuck yeah fuck yeah explain
explaining the thing you just said well
counsel thing came up if I give the
council two scopes they'll give me four
engineers which yeah now what's a scope
they make you shoot better they increase
your see I have to buy just research
them I am going to build two and I'm
going to get four engineers nice great
which will make you build things faster
yeah yes true damn oh space camo that's
a really good question and which is how
do I feel knowing that rich doesn't pay
attention during any discussion yeah did
you you see yeah
you know it's but it's funny obviously
that was exaggerated but you know like a
lot of times I was off my game for that
conversation that's all something I
think people need to understand is you
know we do not we do not write jokes
before best of the worst
everything you see is off-the-cuff yep
yeah so nothing is pre-planned none of
the watching it we like our first time
watching the movie is you guys watching
us watch the movie and so like some yeah
sometimes if you're working on something
in your own head you kind of tune other
people out so you can figure out what
you're gonna say that's completely
understandable
I mean rich is a bit of a jerk but
there's nothing we can do
I'm sorry magnify no no it's see that
that conversation I think might have
been going by so fast so many different
topics oh yeah at the time I thought of
something to say we're going on about
something else I think that came about
we just did not feel like talking about
the Star Wars Holiday Special
right we weren't sure when we started
how much discussion we're gonna get out
of the special itself oh my yeah we were
a little worried about that yeah yeah uh
and Oh for those who asked J edited both
parts Jada did both parts of the holiday
special and I think he did a fantastic
job I thought they were both they were
both really funny I can't I cannot
believe he got anything out of either of
those but he did that's fine
good for him good well oh yeah yeah so
back to Ishtar
I have not I've never seen nice time
either no I hear some people say it's
not as bad as its reputation would
suggest but yeah oh it's got some good
talent it can't be as bad as its
reputation suggests I mean just because
it was just this tremendous flop well
you're sort of why did it flop I haven't
said it is it bad is it right what do
you have any there so I mean here's
here's that trailer makes it look
terrible right like it's it's a bad
trailer they there were rumors
apparently I was reading up on it a
little bit apparently like the producer
was fighting with Warren Beatty the
whole time yeah and they think that the
producer might have one of the producers
might have tanked it on purpose it was
Jay was just over budget over bloated
who knows I am actually very curious to
watch it knowing now what a what a flop
it was
doctor lost a father oh nice a fucker
costs okay I like it I think that's a
fun word clusterfuck is a fun word so
messing up cluster fuck cluster fucking
clusterfuck is doubly as good I think
cocoa puffs thank you for subscribing
Kahuna puffs and I definitely heard the
what the fuck so that's working I heard
the what the fuck in your headphones
yeah it scared me good good down yeah
hunker down going into overwatch things
around the rails everything's on the
rails nothing exciting is happening here
okay yeah I'm gonna be that guy is kind
of giving a synopsis of like what all
the speculations are they're saying I
had a bloated budget they shut out all
of the press and so then the press
didn't do it any good Warren Beatty and
the critics didn't get along there was
issues between Beatty and a producer and
the director and Elaine May didn't do
well with the desert I don't know what
that means
didn't do one with a desert Scout astir
hazy thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
oh is that what it's like cuz this time
I fell for it where you started talking
I thought you were gonna talk about
Ishtar but if you're just thinking is
subscribe no no and I was like scout
Esther what does that mean there you go
you know one of these days somebody's
subscribed with a name that's that has
no vowels you know just so we can't
pronounce it to fuck with us
thank you for subscribing it's gonna
happen yes yes no I'm not getting on a
goddamn roof you guys in your roofs oh
yeah I am at a place this is not it this
is not the time or the place for ruff
there you wait rich what is is this
enemy within our enemy unknown see this
is the within version but I mean okay
most a lot of the content is the exact
same content you get that no that's my
fault they were they were saying that I
the the stream had the wrong game
alright and I yeah I put enemy and know
and I apologize everyone this is enemy
within and technically it kind of is I
mean it's just an expansion of enemy
Unknown you know sure yep but I mean I'm
just I'm just I'm just I'm I there's my
problem
I am I this is my fault there's I
apologize our worst problems there are
there are far worse problems
yes I am talk us through oh you're
risking you know my gonna - so this
guy's in position to shoot at things so
my sniper gonna actually shoot it
something when it's time for the sniper
to shoot at something no I'm really
risking and I'm bringing my my assault
forward - because it's good to have them
in the front lines cuz they got that
shotgun no no I'm not gonna trigger
anything taking all there is gonna move
my scout up - all right that's it that's
it done with the risks risks you know
pronounce good oh that's alright that's
alright yeah they were they're saying -
Chad carrie fisher's coke habit thank
you for subscribing a real subscriber
they were they were joking that that
would be a good subscriber name and I
agree why is that so funny she did
that's not horrible look at her face
during that special she was doing a ton
of coke and not doing a good job because
of her coke and therefore we get to make
fun of her and you know although she's
alive and doing well now and so it's one
of those things where if she was you
know doing if she was worse off nowadays
then you then you know it probably would
be in bad taste but because she's doing
alright now we can and she makes fun of
her own coke problem it's okay for us to
some actors enjoyed drugs that's true
I'm gonna be that guy some actors do
some actors don't some actors are you
know good so I'm not saying care if it's
just bad just you know just saying I
just implied it I didn't say it I
implied it Emory 8:01 yes I will play
pokemon on stream
that is in in an in a theoretical world
I'd love to get I'd love to get a a 3ds
with a with a capture card they have
those two to play a Pokemon game and
stream I'd love for rich to play a
pokemon game if in stream because he's
never played one before and they're my
favorite so you know it will happen is
is what I'm saying but you absolutely
can you'll all you'll you'll do what
normally happens you and Jay will talk
about something while I tone you out to
play pokemon it'll be great chance this
great um rich would you like to play
shadow run on the stream maybe I think I
have Shadowrun I think I've been gifted
shadow run yeah it looks interesting
that's an RP that's a isometric arnica I
haven't gotten around to playing yet
because I've kind of gotten mine early
obsessed with blood dragon dragon so so
I haven't played Shadowrun that's what
I'm not gonna play like for the first
time mm-hmm
cuz I when I played back here when I
played blood dragon on the stream that
was my first time touching the game and
I was terrible with it and everyone's
like god you're horrible at the game did
you know you're horrible at that game
yeah and you are are you were know
you're great is what you're saying they
tell you about the guy who messaged me
just to let me know that I was terrible
at that game he said you're a direct
message yeah yeah on Steam you're bad
that game this one let you know
well I'm sure that was very helpful
did you really pissing me off just to
bug me just just to let me know that no
you know that's kind of a big mo I
should unfriend that person you
shouldn't offend that person there
person that I've talked to before and
it's been just pleasant conversation
sure but he's also the same guy that
told me he was disappointed in me for
not liking five nights at freddys yeah
yeah
and after that blood that blood dragon
comment I'm thinking you know I can
probably do it out this guy absolutely
could probably do it out this shit
absolutely oh hey Colin columns here hey
I'm doing yeah you're really bad well
rich maybe you should take that as
constructive criticism and stop being so
bad at a game hmm
everything about that did you think
about that is everything
totally free I'm flying like the game
here oh my god your point you are
playing a game rich right now I forgot I
forgot that I was somebody talking I
forgot their active aliens and this
person here wasn't shit cover because I
was not paying enough attention to the
game when I was talking way to go yeah I
know that's kind of horrible I am okay
alien kind of backed up though I didn't
attack my my weekly covered person so
that's good that's good everyone lives
girl lives to die another day oh yeah
another shit shot crocodile brain that's
not right crocodile brain says I think
Jack overtly dislikes Collin
that is not true I've never met Collin
Collin has been here how many times now
two or three times this rich I'm asking
you this how many times as common veneer
like in the chat no no Oh twice and but
both times I couldn't come out to say hi
so I've never met Colin oh he was one he
left though why were you asking that no
no he wanted to know why was he gone yet
do you what you asked me that once okay
I didn't know why you wanted to know hey
Don Knotts landing thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it and enjoy the
done Knotts reference no I'm sure I
would I would like Colin I've no I've
just never met Gowen it's weird it's
it's so weird that every time he's in
town I just I'm I'm I won't answer my
phone call on vacation yeah yeah I won't
talk to anyone whenever he's in town
that's weird
where are these fuckers hiding where are
these fucking aliens hiding J I I don't
I this is a thing I don't know I wish I
could tell you if I knew that's true I
also dodged Freddie Williams and that
upset me even more cuz I no offence
Colin but you know I just you guys know
I'm a big fan of comic books and he's a
comic book illustrator I would have
loved just to chat with him about comics
and stuff
I'm sure Colin and I would have a bunch
of chat about - this is just a thing I'm
not I'm just I'm not at the office very
often I'm not at the studio as often as
everyone else that's true ed Witten I
might be Colin and you would never know
I don't think that's likely what no
growing up
and three two three four four two three
four
yes silly Billy it's what they keep
saying in chat and I love it I find it
amazing I don't I don't know how I was
gonna go over when when she went back
about the third they made me laugh I
gotta get my sniper some kills
yeah some kills okay sooner he's loved
about the better so I'm gonna rushing
off no cover it's kind of all or nothing
here
but I'll get two kills out of me front
which is good good you want you want
that squad site on your sniper soon as
you can get it
squad site that's for you you can shoot
ed things that aren't in your own sight
range you can shoot at things in other
people's sight range so if i Scout if
your Scout sees an alien you know your
sniper who's all the way like on the
other side of the map if he's got a
clear you know line like the bullet is
not gonna hit anything else you can
shoot at that alien oh yeah that sounds
great I always takes one side
some people swear by the snapshot sniper
now not happening with maybe it's
quantitate squad side all the way tape
oh I don't want that so we can't name
anybody else cuz nobody's dying nobody's
dying Jack and one's fine everyone's
fine yeah don't have time to build a
satellite array you don't have time to
build a satellite array oh and have time
to build satellites for it so get it
together is I guess what I'm saying see
if I could sell some stuff I'm gonna
solve some stuff really great market so
I got some money okay they are chemistry
you can solve and that's you know I
think that's great and also fantastic
it's all of those things and more
it's all of those things any more bucks
you're getting yeah you're getting two
shit prices in the gray market no I just
don't have so much to sell really hmm
I could sell some sectaurs but I'm gonna
get enough for it to really be worth it
some seconds
yeah anybody wanna buy some sec blades
sector I love the way they skitter
around I just like saying sex things you
know you sound like that that original
Zelda commercial what did we discover
the guy who's is that weird Zelda
commercial is the voice of the
Cryptkeeper oh yeah I remember that
commercial was hailed as a phenomenal
success yes heralded in the advertising
community because no one knew how to
sell video games so let's put a weird
man let's put a weird man talking about
Zelda someone is saying Jack quick
question is why do J and Mike edit in
two to three second pauses on black into
RL M that's got a no those might be the
commercial breaks you know a lot of
times if we have a longer video we will
add in those like two three seconds of
black just so on YouTube we can put our
commercial break in there and it's not
awkwardly breaking up a segment that can
be ask them and see the actual break you
then frames you're talking about but
that sounds right that's that's what it
probably is and if you're just seeing
the black break maybe nads not playing
for you so oh and block or you're using
adblock
so yes those those black breaks are
where the ad should be just to make sure
that you're not missing any contact
content while watching an advertisement
which helps greatly there are there are
commercials on the Internet mr. clips
for some people there are no
gobbledygook are you saying that I look
a lot like the old man who does the Six
Flags Great America commercials cuz
that's funny
cuz I'm a bald man with glasses did you
know that rich that I love balls battle
do that Jack that that comparison would
hurt anybody mr. six is the creepiest
concept ever right I never understood
those commercials I've never understood
them it's where it's just like are we
supposed to what are we supposed to
supposed to be afraid of going to Great
America Six Flags Great America Six
Flags forever I guess they I guess he
was I'm assuming he he he advertised for
all of the Six Flags I can only assume
so yeah whatever you know what in
whatever so is Walter White yes well he
was later he was bald and had glasses oh
I wish I looked like mr. clean if I had
that upper body strength
what why next time why don't you go was
from Walter White why'd you go as
Heisenberg cuz my guess is the
Heisenberg hype will be over and I've
never I you know as I've talked about
many times I've only seen the first
couple of episodes of Breaking Bad I've
seen zero and didn't much care for it
seems like a lot to get into yeah and I
hear it die tears it's great like if
you're into it it's super great my wife
loved it you know it just wasn't my
thing that's fine I won't you know what
I kind of want to do next Halloween is
make a yellow name tag and backlight it
and wear it
like from my belt and go as too many
cooks is make make a title card for me
and hang it like from a wire from my
belt that just says Jack Packard and
then when people ask me what I am kind
of look at them and give them a smile
and go that's too many cooks so thanks I
insist or money
nothing nothing out of braids this is a
great this is a great idea that's a
great idea to go as too many cooks too
many cooks today you're crazy it's true
crazy it would be great he's always nice
that's true too many cooks won't be
relevant anymore next year you're right
Phil Davis but it would still be funny
to me and then people go oh I remember
that I don't I don't understand what
you're doing
