Episode 165
NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 2)
January 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV1_WVjTpc0
___________________________________________

representation of Batman being the
detective okay wait around in here and
call
[Laughter]
give give the phone to rich print call
tell I'm dreading the next time that
comes up right because I know there's no
chance in hell that lightning is going
to strike the same spot three times
right it's just not gonna happen
next time it's gonna come up and when
I'm gonna punt the ball
oh I got a cut on my dancing oh yeah
throughout the game that's how you kind
of like mark the progress of the game
you shouldn't it's more and more
destroyed as the game goes on
Gordon was taken up at the surface in
the end by the end you look a little bit
like hamburger do this the old-fashioned
way
it's kind of like it's kind of like
Batman meets die hard wells sure told
them he's a monster
this is frying calm down I'll stop him
I'll stop him and I'll put him back
behind bars where he is
now and had control over this I never
mind there's something clever about the
Joker breaking into prison sure oh cool
I guess so Oh also can we talk about how
great the fact is that it's like oh the
elevators down I guess there's no way I
have of getting up let me just use my
Batarang to get up you know that's fine
and that's fine
[Music]
[Music]
Oh God rich left I'm in silence now I
was trying to get that little Joker
alright I'm back
hey welcome back I went for a secret
thing and I failed bottom well yeah but
I didn't I mean I didn't die or anything
oh right right you've not done yet no no
no we haven't gotten anything crazy no
there is something where was I
[Music]
there was there's this like Riddler
thing here and I was trying to get to it
but I missed it I don't know if I can
I'm gonna try it one more time I don't
see what what it is yeah okay I can I
can't get this like stop and stare at it
wait for me to catch up but no and I
can't I can't get there I can't get it
yet I'm sure I will eventually get
something back which one okay isn't that
one that's like cross the gap yeah and
there's no floor under the vent yeah
okay yeah later yeah yeah I thought
later I thought maybe I could like hold
on to the bottom and rip off the vent
yeah yeah yeah it's fine I'm learning
this is where the chat needs a little
bit of patience because it's my first
time playing the game and I like to
explore and I like I like you know
learning and failing because that means
that you you you don't have to stream at
all you enjoy this this is your first
time this is your first time playing
this game that's fine I think I think
that's why I in the future I want to
avoid streaming games first time I
played it unless it's some kind of like
gimmicky game well that's part of the
point
you know and I think this is I I think
this is fun and hopefully people get
some entertainment out of me
experiencing a game for the first time
especially if it's a game that they like
you know well and I can you know but I
can also see how someone would be really
frustrated like if this is a game they
know very well yeah oh yeah I'll just be
amused actually I'll just be laughing
right I I am I'm okay I figured I
figured out everybody unless you met I'm
horrible of the game and that's probably
true too
oh no I just meant a bad person which is
something that I can say because we're
friends
sickness syndrome says I'm enjoying dot
dot dot most of this okay I wish I had a
I don't have any like prepared stories I
wish I had a story to tell like
especially during this segment which is
basically different ears we oh oh that's
right
I see I've brought about story I'm gonna
rich you've done it we we had friends
over we had a very boring
we had a very boring news we had friends
over and we played a border so it was
great for us we played a super great
board game and rich yeah it's a
roguelike a roguelike board game I have
to go find the name
okay okay your game is still moving did
you set the what is going on how are you
away from the keyboard yet stupid oh I'm
watching the delay god I feel like such
an idiot I feel like such an idiot
obviously I'm watching the delay sure
the chance gonna have a field day my
back so you who of Jose still playing
the game oh I'll go a little move around
but Lou Jack's up there okay where am I
where are my headphones okay I'm here
I'm here are you here I'm here okay it's
it's called betrayal and house on the
hill okay and what it is so it's a it's
a haunted house game yes the tiny events
yes okay and so it is a game where you
have to explore a haunted house with
with a group of people and as you
explore you lay down random room tiles
oh right left button favorite trip huh
oh oh I'm still looking for elk why is
this bug here this bug this bug
shouldn't be here
how do i do how do I get in like hyper
things yeah what's this what is this bug
rich what does the screen say huh what
does the screen say the screen says look
for alcohol but there's this buck what
does he say under that oh thank you oh
thank you like I just kept pressing it
oh no problem spirit one of the
collectibles I don't know I'm not I'm
not that fond of those there is a curse
on Arkham Asylum that basically fills in
the history of mark of a cemetery but I
forgot his name jebediah Arkham or
whatever it is who built the asylum okay
so betrayal and a house on the hill yeah
yeah you're exploring a haunted house
and you lay down the room tiles as you
play and the room tiles are randomized
and then the items you get in the rooms
are also randomized right yeah
[Laughter]
oh yes it does
way do you what do you get to the moves
where you break their leg like if you
get a counter if you get a combo of
eight built up you can do like a special
move in just lowdown dropped an elevator
on me oh yeah oh yeah
you haven't unlocked any of the special
moves yet Batra but no yeah and they're
awesome so in any case you start off
cooperatively but then eventually one of
you gets like possessed and turns into
the bad guy and then you get like these
giant manuals and there's like fifty
different scenarios that could happen
and you never know which scenario you're
gonna get oh my god it like all depends
on like what room you're in and what
items you have it's it what we played it
once and it was amazing it was amazing
it sounds crazy it was great how long
did it take to play because it was our
first time I want to say like an hour
and a half like not okay but it could
have taken it could have been shorter if
we had known what was going on but it
was it was really spectacular
oh I sense a stealth section coming yeah
somebody's asked me to elaborate on the
combat to you and I guess I guess I will
you'll notice that as your combos get
higher your attacks also gets stronger
hopefully up second contract with
missile you like a combo of like 1 2 or
3 Batman just throws a little punch but
like like a 5 or 8 combo if you hit that
X button you'll like jump halfway across
the room and keep them in face to
isolate armed henchmen the direct
approach you're a spot-on
I need to be smart find it different or
things are happening I'll be laughing
yeah I'm using gargoyles because it's my
first time playing oh you use them as
much as you want
yeah all right people are saying this is
gonna be your first f wow these guys
have guns they do
you can drop down silently from a
gargoyle without gliding
okay
but also in this game and I like we
haven't gotten to this point yet but
can't you like freak people out
uh your you are not at that point yet
okay this is all still fairly tutorial
ish what we're doing right now like this
is the first real stealth you've gotten
right quietly by crouching get in close
for the silent take that
[Music]
take that old
it'll be over zone
there are loud takedowns but they will
alert everybody in the room yeah okay
all right I got all right I got past the
first three I don't know if they're
playing right now but I love the music I
could probably attack but if Joker can
probably see him so Joker was probably
you know I don't think the Joker would
honest I don't think you would
okay now is he just gonna sit there and
watch TV yes yes
oh he wouldn't warn him in your writing
I see alright here we go
I know I'm probably supposed to go to
that vent right I mean it's right there
no cuz that's locked okay I get it
I mean it's right there but I don't like
that you know like this is the bright
glowing vent you need to go here I know
I know
yeah you know you know what I'll still
get sick of vents
yeah or just opening them I will yeah I
will say that yeah there are too many
vents in these games but yeah I'll deal
with it
also Jack you're gonna be coming up on
your first real stealth section this
here what you did with those four yards
is just like a moon at least sure
basically you'll come across like a
largest area and you and it's
essentially the dedicated stealth area
yeah there's a lot of places to hide a
lot of a lot of guys with guns yeah yeah
I like it
oh I think I'm here we got guys move in
with guns
we'll see how Jack does well Jack down
[Laughter]
nobody's gonna blame you if you want to
use detective mode for the whole stealth
section right yeah you know what I do
want is a better you I want a better
vantage point listen I have detective
vision I'm gonna use it yeah
no listen in a man I mean it's kind of
here for these areas really yeah okay
why does he have a bad on him Oh
somebody says Jack got farther than I
did the first time I play I think the
first time that that section you just
got passed I didn't was too dumb to jump
up in the gargoyles first huh yeah you
do that though that'll be if you jump
down if you do the glide kick I think
that'll be a louder one there everybody
so you want to get out of there quick
and you got to make sure you after you
knock them down you you do that that you
know Hittle money's on the ground thing
to keep him out okay sorry I'm sorry no
no no by the way like this these are
important notes
[Laughter]
I don't know I don't know if there are
enough guards to freak one out and in
this particular area but yeah if you can
if you can like knock just about
everybody out without being spotted like
the last two or three guards will start
freaking out like the last three might
be a little bit nervous and then like
the last one will be shooting at shadows
did he see me I don't know you didn't
see me they might look up if you're like
a gargoyle right by a body
sure okay yeah they're easing you into
it yeah handling their difficulty curve
very well I'm feeling powerful and still
okay this is this is the hole oh hey how
did I get here I wasn't here before I
don't like that they moved me without
you know they probably won't do that too
often okay we're good buddy over there
however there played cool cool I hear ya
it's probably not gonna happen
QV Ark 42 says hey Jack the gargoyles
are kind of like whoops that's right the
GAR the goggles aren't exactly like rose
I mean I'm I do feel a little bit cheap
I'm using like the same tactic over and
over where I glide kick sounds and then
go back up to the guard low but it's
very effective
and not sometimes they'll they'll start
doubling up right that will not always
be the most effective thing you can do
right which might be now I think yeah
now they're not oh now here we go
all right just wait for this I'm waiting
for this Yahoo to go away and I'm gonna
rinse and repeat ya see they're already
being smarter yeah great
which is great like there are different
ways to take people out to like you can
hang over a Ledge and then when they
walk by you look like pop up and claim
their head on the railing I know I can
like jump down on people how do I get
down again not glide if I tap which I
can't I can't say yet I don't know
what's going on die I might die all
right
fucked up bad run hide I run I ran at
night are you a you alive I'm alive I am
A Bear Lake oh I missed like I didn't
jump down where I thought I was gonna
jump down okay and tell me like I I I
wanted to jump down in one legend I'm
watching it now watch now oh no oh wow
oh I got out I got out oh god he's
bleeding rich
and somebody's saying that armor you
bought saved your ass yeah okay good I
got my health back some of it back whoo
Jesus Christ okay I can upgrade okay
what kills people faster if I were to
try silent takedown surprisingly - I
know you're doing a lot of kicking well
you know I'm doing the thing that works
okay okay I oh let's see it let's take a
look at these things again special combo
throw allows Batman to perform an
unlockable grab and throw after
achieving combo scores can be directed
to inflict damage sure that's pretty
nice combo Batarang powers up the
battering during combos doubles the
power of normal combo strikes inverted
takedowns allows Batman to swoop down
and grab assailant as they pass under
gargoyles I think that sounds great it
does I'm not telling you what to do or
armor upgrade v2 which means I get more
health which they will need which I know
I will made it
I know I know after you get this the
special throw then that opens up the
ability to buy the like break their leg
one or more powerful armor drop down
could be fun though armor served you
well armor serve you yeah so I have to
choose between fun and practicality
mm-hmm
you know what I did practice the last
time so I'll do fun this time well well
leaving it up allows Batman to swoop
down and grab a seance as they pass
under guard Ross great that sounds like
a great thing to do
squee 42 says rich you should help them
out this is a no death run
no this isn't a no death run but you
know people in the chant have money on
Mon Jack's gonna die
I don't I don't feel right interfering
with that it's like the nature
photographer you know like intervening
to save the animal for being eaten by
the winding sound unethical it's
unethical I have to let Jack die when
it's his time but you know he might be a
prodigy at this game it might never be
Jack's time we we need to let Jack show
us whether or not he is a Batman prodigy
I can't interfere with the natural
course of nature yeah there's plenty of
sneaky stuff to do below this you chose
not to do any of it see that's that's
why I stopped using the gar gar I'm like
there's so much fun stuff to do around
places but I'm just gonna start doing
that instead sure oh yeah but by the way
I this is my first time playing I'm
taking the path of least resistance but
no end and I didn't even know that these
things were here so now I know that
there's more options than just kicking
people yep that's how you learn in a
video I'm sure like the glass ceiling
you could have jumped down through the
glass and somebody like wait on the
glass and when they walk under you oh
yeah they'll be an option to jump down
through the glass and take them out that
was fun I just want to get up there now
oh yeah that's cool that's neat all
right let's get right on that I can't
hit that girl from here we
okay all right did you die okay here we
go
where am I going this way guess they
have to go down here
and here where's my where's my magic
smoke is this magic smoke that tells me
where to go
yes yes okay I'm asking rhetorical
questions chat yeah just to kind of let
you know where my headspace is that I
think I came in from here you have to go
where those you know those new guards
came in from the the new baddies you
have to take out the direction they came
from is the way you want to go okay
gotcha
and that's what I that's what I assume
that's just this this area did not look
familiar to me I don't know if I have to
hit all these teeth I just want to hit
all these
looking around Joker must have figured
out how I was tracking Gordon officer
Bowles trail stops here okay yeah that's
all I got
that was my joke you're welcome
everybody
do they ever explain Robin in these
games I know Robin shows up in one of
him but he's never been a huge character
in this game so not really they need to
[Music]
don't cut yourself what you silent dad
nobody found skin and store solutions
for Riddler's challenge don't cut
yourself on this sharpie alright alright
collectible one of the collectibles in
this game Jack they're riddles yeah you
have to figure out what he's talking
about and take a picture of it
warden sharp oh I forgot his name yeah
yeah like if you go into your menu it
will get like a list of those different
areas yeah so has rich been pooping on
this game the whole time or what what
are you talking about I love this game
Rich's been talking about yeah the
reason I want to play this game is
because rich talks so highly of it often
what do you think it's a farm I'm liking
it I really enjoy the combat the combat
is incredibly satisfying well there'll
be a lot more that I'm a big fan of
stuff I saw both grapes they're both
extremely different and they're both
great jokers army coming through the
main gate the salt gets a bit complex
well your cuz you're only doing the just
down chaining that's kind of boring it's
pretty wide below was lacking but
there's other things you can do that are
fun like you get on she was surrounded
by why it's not really much of a new
device and you can like you see somebody
who's like on a railing on the other
side of you other side of the room you
can like you know shoot them with your
grappling hook and pull them off the
ledge they fall to the bottom and get
knocked out
treatment yeah it's great everybody like
no I know I'm not like myself is lacking
right now because I'm still learning but
the the combats really fun I do I have
issues with the art but overall I like
the art style I like the look of it I
like the atmosphere of it I mean I have
some obviously obviously any gameplay
issues I have I've been mentioning like
the whole you know I'm a detective I
follow a trail of smoke you know and
obviously well for detective stuff you
might like the second one more but it
still doesn't really make you feel like
you're solving things though well there
cuz yeah it's too obvious what needs to
be done try harder in the next one
it's very your finger which is asked
Conquest beard wondered when did rich
say Hamlin's joker was bad I've never
said that Mark Hamill is the best Joker
out of all of them he did a fine job
he was the definitive joke it did a
great job but Hamill is the definitive
Joker to me hmm
you know what I might prefer he was
joking especially like in context to
their to their respective things like
Hamill's Joker in the cartoon was great
but Ledger's drunkard
over Batman you know like it was no
longer a Batman movie it was and yes
Chen he was probably fucking with me but
I get the feeling that people think I
automatically hate any triple a game
which
is not is not true plays in the
background I'm in detective mode
okay ready we're gonna play a fun game
it's called where should we go let's see
where should we go oh the big glowing
thing let's go to the big glowing thing
I know the tectum mode and that's
supposed to give you hints but it's also
like you walk into a room and you see a
vent if I didn't have Detective Mode on
I would walk into the room and I would
see nothing but a vent with a bright
light inside somehow a human-sized vent
with a bright light inside can we talk
about designing an asylum with
human-sized vents
Jack it was built in like the 1800s come
on come on why you think humans were
bigger back then I'm saying they were
dumber are we outside
I asked rhetorically yeah I'm not
telling he thinks no don't tell me
things but you know like plants
and I haven't decided how I feel about
like
oh pretty that's sorry I just sound like
you know this city oh yeah
some actually hold on I need to make a
note of something I need to make a note
of something for a future episode of
previously recorded okay I just I just
thought of a great thing rich and I
figured figured out what our next
episode is gonna be we're not gonna tell
you but it's very exciting I'm very
excited to do
I suppose maybe it's not an exciting
episode but I'm excited to do it
yeah it's the next episode won't be one
of the Arkham games but it may be
referenced also I've been playing Batman
for awhile and I haven't checked in with
the chat for a while how are you guys
doing they're all right yeah that's I
mean I've been playing Batman so I
haven't been checking in on yeah you
guys just just enjoy Batman I have been
overall I have been obviously I'm being
critical of it because in general I'm a
critical person yep but uh overall I do
want everyone to know that so far I am
enjoying the game this is me here I'll
see if I can get the microphone closer
to my pen and paper so you guys can hear
me write the note and that'll be
exciting you're by a computer why don't
you just open a text file and type a
note um I find that if I write if I
physically write a note it sticks with
me better all right I don't know if
that's like just because of like the the
muscle thing but uh I don't know I don't
know why it is but if I write something
down it definitely it's easier for me to
remember right leftover beefcake says
Jack what grip what grade do you give
this game I don't think I will ever ever
do that yeah it's not really helpful in
the grand scheme of things no no great
because because it's just a that's just
a number that can change a letter that
can change
there's only impressions recommendations
feelings I I dislike number scales
because they
they can change and that's that's when
you get people who bitch because
something got like a nine point nine
instead of a ten right
nine point four clearly that game was a
nine point eight well then and then just
like how can you give this game a nine
point eight and there's our game a - no
I'm not gonna do it so far I'm enjoying
myself and I'm really I'm having a good
time and I'm liking some of the art
thing I am getting used to Batman being
on the left but I still think about it I
still think about the fact that Batman's
on the left and it bothers me a little
bit okay but you know what I can
understand why they did that because
often times you do have to see the
entire skate scope right you need to see
from the ceiling to the floor and if
Batman was right in the middle of a
camera you wouldn't be able to do that
I know this is very exciting for
everyone
[Laughter]
when you call it what do you call the
thing where a counter don't don't don't
don't don't throw a little doodle doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo okay having to do with our next okay
okay rich rich what have you been
playing lately I well not much variety
I played the fuck out of blood dragon I
guess I finally finally pulled off my
new death rum took me like six fries I
can fuckin up but crypt of the
necrodancer oh I'll leave the question
open as to whether or not I've played it
because I like it or just because it's
going to be the next review I think that
open the next like I kind of want to
replay the quest for glory games though
I don't want to stream it the quest for
glory games Oh Sarah adventure game oh
okay you can play as either a fighter a
thief or a mage and you go on little
quest to save the town from problem I
wasn't paying attention now I don't know
where I have to go well you just got out
oh just go wherever
well there's definitely an objective but
there's kind of a somewhat open map
there are Metroidvania esque elements to
this game oh sure no right now I'm just
like I'm just in a big open area and
there's a bunch of guys just save time I
believe they're cops Oh what lockdown I
did stock up on the cop I was like hey
warden sharp had it closed down soon
after he arrived said it was a security
risk oh man his face is straight-up
fucked up bad good oh okay I see him
them this is need Arkham's garden
yeah yeah a clue thing I want that clear
thing do to do to do to do you know what
maybe the most of setting thing about
the about the whole like running about
the whole camera thing is that it does
change when you run yep you know because
then like Iran and it is like shifts
perspective and yeah I don't know it
bothers me that I'm on the left side of
the screen it really does I don't think
it I don't think it I wouldn't say get
used to it I don't think it ever
bothered me I just thought it was
interesting
oh that's interesting it was my reaction
at one side of the other Harley Quinn
probably triggered the alarm
if she still got Gordon thanks Oracle we
get to the car sir Blindy promises you
you'll get used to it
I'm sure I will I'm I'm I'm hoping I
will I'm really hoping I will its and I
can't explain I'm trying to explain why
it's so bothersome to me you know is it
just because I'm not used to it
maybe I mean I don't think I ever really
had a problem with it so I can't I can't
answer that question it's a massacre
stay here I'll deal with clown makeup
and whatnot no no like there
like guard helmet Oh
I can't believe it they killed Jackson
no stay with your colleague I'm ending
this now rich what was your favorite
song from Rocky Horror I have the tiger
it's rocky 3 not Rocky whatever that was
Rocky one wasn't it no three is I am a
tiger
Rocky Horror I just in general don't
particularly care for click in oh yeah
yeah I don't I wouldn't say I hate it
how do I drop it down silently
wait you know you don't have to tell me
you control well you're thinking of from
a gargoyle if you're just falling from a
height I think you're okay I don't just
you can just kind of glide down this
might be my first death here then well
see okay great I'm fine
[Music]
yeah
you don't think Oh see Ivan I've been
playing far cry blood dragon I want to
say I'll just drop on the one grab some
crap don't let shoot the other one yeah
okay great
Oh
oh I get to beat some people up this
will be a while but don't worry jack
it'll be a lot of fat oh no I'm not I'm
not worried about that I'm genuinely
excited to be people up my interested in
playing the other Far Cry games I don't
know a lot of what I like about blood
dragon is just the the style the
eighties science fiction
post-apocalyptic post-apocalyptic pop in
the dick action movie I just think that
cheesy stuff is so great doesn't mean I
wouldn't like the other ones but
yes objective complete protect yura high
explosive gel in the trunk of the
Batmobile I may need it did that you
doing that fight well I'm still watching
the fight yeah oh you got hit once I got
it on once but I doesn't that suck it
does but the the combat is very
satisfying like it feels like Batman
moves slow yeah and believe roughly
believe it or not they improve it a lot
in the second game
oh dude that's oh yeah and it's already
done oh hey we had a thing we structural
weakness before and now we have a gun
that can get rid of walls with
structural Worli trash yes clue as to
where she took Gordon this is Gordon's
pipeline
Barbara David Ray there's no way you
think the crime scene stuff in Arkham
origins was more detective evil yes it
was but I think the problem with it all
is you're not really deducing anything
it's still a leads to be would see just
you scan this now you know you need to
scan that then you need to scan the
other and you're not you're not really
using your head to you know solve crimes
or solve puzzles you're just kind of
following the directions is I think yes
see like you hear again
right like it's like oh we found a pipe
we scanned a thing and now follow the
trail of the scanned things see in every
every game though Jack they like
completely try to overhaul things to
improve the detective aspects and they
never quite get there better they did
better as in the other games but just in
general they're pretty dumb
they really try hard in origin sir
Hodgins hey you all with structural
problems okay so I use my gun and then
the fact the fact that they're paying at
any kind of lip service at all is
amazing a lot of a lot of times the
Batman will just run around beat people
up but they're trying to it respects to
Batman's intelligence and thinking
skills yeah I'm not sure it would have
killed you apparently it only max people
out because you can use the explosive
gel to knock people down I like this
stuff stuff you can you can wait to
they're like we could put the gel like
biology wait till they walk by and blow
the gel off no but they'll knocked off
the ledge it's the other upsetting thing
is I know this is kind of video game
logic but also there is one path to go
in right now all the other doors are
locked right yeah so it's just like did
we even need the fucking pipe thing it's
almost insulting whether they think
they're trying to hide their corridors
with like no you're being a detective
and following a path no we're going down
the only corridor we are able to go down
you good guys or bad guys good guys are
beggars
no.8 hostile ones you gotta love the
magic robot eyes in his coal they tell
you all of this stuff like there's some
guys hammering over there I might want
to talk to them but those guys man
they're hostile they're not cops they're
not cops their house or you get off a
fight you can sneak up on the mother
working and you can knock them out
oh yeah yeah
I'm assuming you're looking at the two
whore hammering see you suckers hmm I
said see you suckers oh oh I'm not
supposed to go in here
but I kind of want to so I'm gonna do oh
do it's not time to go in here yet I
advised it anyway okay oh this is creepy
it's kind of like a little bonus thing
you really could use a friend in here
sorry about that
shall we start with the big one do you
really think you can win first person
out now which is weird I can't use my
bad vision
