Episode 167
NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 4)
January 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77L4cIZNEGc
___________________________________________

let's see if this works I have started
the stream so don't talk about that
cocaine deal anymore no no stop talking
about cocaine alright
stop talking about marijuana we're gonna
we're gonna have to settle things with
Ramirez sooner or later no but stop
talking about Mohammed it won't do any
good to anyone
Mohammed certainly won't do any good for
anyone no no no he won't
terrible
hi everybody if we're streaming welcome
to the stream hello that's a really
quick really quick change some volume
but hey everybody welcome to the stream
this is a certainly not Muslim aid no
we're not doing Muslim aid we are we are
hating on other people murdering people
it's not okay to murder people that's
that's that's our little PSA from
previously recorded don't murder people
what does that have to do with Mohammed
have you not been paying attention
KP Wang thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it there was there
was a a terrorist event in France
oh when today I have not heard what they
do there there was this cartoonist who
was a little famous for drawing obscene
pictures of the Prophet Mohammed and he
has been threatened by extremists in the
past and they came into his newspaper
shop and shot up a bunch of people Oh
God
yeah yeah it was it was a real big thing
in
murder sub - actly exactly why would you
watch that video Mario Mar there's
apparently video of it but uh now you
know not of the actual murdering but uh
in any case the the moral of the story
is there are extremists out there the
moral of the story is the world needs to
abandon religion because this shit
happens now you know that's that might
be a little extreme but I I like the the
plain old don't be a dick and that
includes murdering people all right
hi everybody so now yes I see the stream
is starting welcome to the stream what
moose knuckle on ice thank you for
subscribing we very very much
appreciated so rich as we were talking
about right before we started you have
not seen the whole previously recorded
episode yet I've seen the first half
okay for the stream started but what do
you think good so far I haven't seen
them did you see my head blow up no I
did not you didn't even get to my head
blowing up I did not let me click on the
thing home how far is my little head
blow up is like is like technically I've
only seen a third episode Oh head
blowing up is like three minutes in I
can't be able to know this head blowing
up and I'm six minutes in then then you
missed it alright alright might have
maybe that happened I got up to do
something I'm time I came back sure was
blown up I don't know hey sausage toes
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it yeah it was that that was
the effect that I was working on during
your stream was my head blowing up
[Music]
I thought for the record I haven't
watched the whole episode because the
stream was getting ready to start yeah
oh right right
to talk to Jack and talk to you guys so
also like you filmed it like you know
what you said yeah I just haven't
watched the full final edit yeah this is
fine
exact I watch it as soon as we're done
I'm sure absolutely absolutely but I've
been hearing some good things and some
bad things and people upset at us of
course and some people happy with the
review of course but that's okay that's
okay
Jack's head blowing up was the highlight
of the episode I thought that was really
funny I also likes my don't be a dick
animation I made a little I made a
little thing like like a the more you
know kind of thing but it was pretty I
liked it I got a little I got a little
silly with the effects on this one
oh that's a good question Jay Bowman's
beard wants to know rich will you watch
space cop yeah I'll probably watch space
cop I'm for crying out oh that's right
did you see all my white people stamp
yeah I did see those also like I know it
we've been calling this Jack snow death
run and I just want to make sure we are
clear this is not a no death or and I
just happened to have not died yet yes
for people not who are here in last time
what happened was Jack was playing
Arkham Asylum for the very first time
yes first time through the game and just
for fun I kind of asked the chat where
they thought the first place he would
die was going to be yes and it just
hasn't happened yet there's still a pool
going where to predict my first death
yes it's it's not a no death run we are
actually taking backs my bets on when
the first death is going to be Jack are
you gonna put some money on make it all
the way through the game without dying
no faith in yourself man I am frankly
shocked that I have not died yet
be like be like John McClane and die
hard place a bet on yourself also I see
in the chat here Ghana Phase II wants to
know
he says Jack will you let Jay edit an
episode of previously recorded the
answer is absolutely the the bigger
question is does Jay want to edit an
episode of previously recorded and the
answer isn't the answer which is
absolutely not that's the thing is the
whole point was we can do a show and it
wouldn't burden Mike or Jay with it
literally that was the entire space cop
and and best of the worst the entire
genesis of previously recorded is we'd
like to do another show but but Jay and
Mike don't want to edit anymore because
they're editing easy things right now so
so the answer is I will absolutely let
him but you know that's like saying well
I think I can't think of a good enough
metaphor I would let Steven Speilberg
direct space cop thank you rich no not
an entirely accurate one just an analogy
that's no that is a an apt analogy as
you know Steven Spielberg done no
robsurratt space cop yes Jay Bowman's
beard thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
okay let's continue the story of Batman
Arkham Asylum okay I'm good I'm gonna
forget almost everything but I have a
feeling that the game will remind me
occasionally of things oh yes and I also
have not played it since two days ago
you'll be fine if you forgot everything
in two days you're hopeless
yes hold on I gotta sneak up on these
guys man these guys here
he's prettier or did you quit before I
save it might have to do that section
again yeah I think I need to do their
cache section again but I thought I say
look at how shiny Batman's his well he's
sweating he's in a skin-tight suit yeah
that can't be very comfortable in the
summer oh the door is blocked until I
have until the ventilation system in
there hold on I'll find a way okay so
now the cutscene is over so now oh the
door is still blocked oh that's right
that's right I remember I remember this
I think I think the chat chat is teasing
you
why is something why is the camera
offset to the right that's annoying Jack
should fix that oh my god I know by the
way I've been thinking about this I
think they're just fucking with you no I
know they're fucking with me but it's
still something that very much bothers
me okay oh yeah this is the section
where I have to have like murder the man
in order to complete the objective he's
not murdered we've established that
Batman is incapable of murdering
somebody in this game the game just
won't let it happen
oh sure sure yeah he's not oh that would
be great John keel he says can you
change Batman's skin to the animated
series Batman I would love for this to
look like animated series Batman
it's just Batman but one of the games
actually has that I think had to pay for
it thousand downloadable content how do
you jump again do you just automatically
jump yes and then you hold our trigger -
Oh jack
oh no I forgot already
I don't like Ron I forgot how to do
everything I believe that's I want to
say X but I'm used to the PlayStation
controller it's a room okay okay okay
cuz I have to run off the ledge and then
sweep yes it's okay I did it
everything's fine I did it and
everything's great top five episodes of
Batman the Animated Series that's
actually hard to do there are so many
good episodes that's by the way that's
correct that's the correct answer rich
there are so many good episodes I would
start and then I would keep naming more
and I wouldn't have any idea which to
put on top it would be a mess yes I
really like and I think I've talked
about this before I really like this to
be the two-parter Clayface episode yeah
well here's like faces he's a bit to
love science fiction a superpower II for
me and Batman I'm not I'm not that big
of play face fan really yeah I guess
that's fair I like it when Batman
villains are just kind of you know fancy
gangsters sure and
we got full power objective complete oh
rich just suggests episodes his silicon
soul um what's the episode with the
invisible dad I don't remember that that
would be one I would probably list
yeah the episode with the invisible Dan
I don't know what it's called it's so
beautiful
almost got him almost got him
those one where the villains are in a
bar they're like a villain bar and
they're talking about the stories where
they almost got Batman oh sure I'm just
doing a little looking around now guys
doing a little exploring
oh I apparently I accidentally
accidentally accomplished a Riddler
challenge in here nice I'm fond of the
the scarface episode scarface is such a
bizarre character oh the puppet guy yeah
we have plans over here okay alright run
and talk to Erin the Gray Ghost
oh the Greg that you know that was a fun
nostalgia trip
apparently this is do me no good
to talk to that guy don't care about
interview tapes but I picked it up I
don't want to listen to him I just want
to collect it can I do that okay all
right getting out here
that's not run okay am I getting out of
here did I like Batman beyond the only
thing I've seen of Batman Beyond is the
return of the Joker and I like that so I
should probably
I should probably track down episodes of
the show and watch it I haven't done
that so no opinion no strong opinion oh
and uh I think we talked about this in a
stream before but another Batman episode
I'm fond of um I'm not sure if it counts
as a separate thing or a Batman episode
a Superman episode but the the Superman
Batman team-up world's finest that's
that's like one of my favorites if not
be the Joker's death and that was just
perfect
his own exploding marbles are rolling
towards him and he just starts laughing
hysterically he thinks it's funny and
then the parachute outside the plane you
know a man's got Harley Quinn and she
says Oh puddin and Batman says this
point he probably is absolutely nice
Tommy LOI used to operate an arc um can
it be true can it be true rich yes it
probably is I don't know what Tommy
Eliot is don't speak
you're safe now it's a trap I know just
not for me
oh damn what did I think of the arc
change and I think there's some good
talking about like that season four of
Batman where they they got rid of the
blue and the yellow bad symbol and the
one today the all black and gray Batman
visually I like them some of the
episodes weren't as good a mystery good
ones but visually that's probably my
favorite animated Batman
you touch all of those buffers Jack I am
touching all the buttons you got the
pouch ie I hear you mashing buttons with
rhythm don't don't mash rhythm you gonna
keep an eye on those counters well
that's that's my problem it's like I
feel like I'm not because you're mashing
the X whatever the punch button is on
your controller and you're missing the
counters because the bed okay press a to
rescue doctor I try to tell you he kind
of looks like a baby relax you're safe
now he has a baby oh like thugs okay
great we got dr. Chen that's great
all these guys are unconscious oh this
guy looks like we messed him up real bad
okay
I know there are live but you know the
ragdoll physics yeah there's like a
weird splash animation but no drip I'm
not exactly sure what you're looking at
so there's like there's like a splashing
animation as if water's flowing from a
fight but you don't see the water it's
obviously it's very important it's very
important to me
maybe the drips are just too small that
could be yeah you can't see the drips ah
that could be uh yeah I'll accept that
well someone says so assessments is low
graphical settings there you go there we
go thank you
now you know you Jax bitching about
something that's his fault
absolutely that's right gel W we
couldn't see the drops to my computer
[Laughter]
we're not playing on Rich's computer
that's the problem well I wasn't gonna
drag it out and minus 34 degree weather
oh absolutely not an outside of being
miserable I mean temperatures that cold
might actually be bad for it
oh sure in like you know there's ice
everywhere came in
looks like it's been so cold my GPS
stopped working yeah cuz I I have for
the record chat I have no heat in my car
does that's $800 to fix and my GPS
doesn't notice me moving anymore and no
chat I don't do a editing I'm I've
always just been the guy who is on
camera I'm the pretty face
that all the women want to go away I
think my timing was often more of a beat
Yesi now you're on the trolley once you
build up a combo you you'll knock them
down on one heavy oh great yeah
oh no but likely the camera showed that
he was like oh that I'm gonna watch the
quick like it showed that he was up okay
I know I want to kill that's why I'm not
I have no patience also like I do I know
like I this has got to be frustrating
for you guys because I really do like
and yes Chad you are right I am the
Bruce Campbell - Mike samurai yes yes
that's very accurate there's a musical
you think I can't stop your whining and
listen cook and I don't know that you're
the first one to bring up that
comparison somebody else has said that
at some point don't forget about your
detective they have a hostage so I can't
let the hostage I know but there's glass
I could take out three of them at once
doesn't take them long at all to shoot
okay I see I see okay
I see it's gone
it doesn't need to be like this not died
or had a mission failure when when does
the chant think it's gonna happen you
know death or mission failure
I'll see it now guys see it I'm just I
just remembered the whole thing I didn't
I yeah did I ask the chat started okay
okay it's fascinating to be that you
haven't yet yeah we're a death or
anything you're doing fine and it's your
first time through you know you're on
Arkham your Arkham Asylum idiot savant
do-do-do-do-do I'm Batman I blow up
walls is it drew the drug or escaped
unfortunately yes
but not for long you made it alright I
can watch that underway all right your
your hint of remember detective vision
was was worth it there's a freebie
because I mean I do I do forget about a
fat division all staff have been
arrested
you'll be safer if you remain here
people people on the chatter saying that
that one got them III I handled that I
think my first time to risk I want to
say I did I don't really remember for
sure I mean there were two glowing
objects next to the two groups of
villains
you know I'm Batman why are you doing
that voice this is the voice that was
there is that
oh don't die
whatever you do don't die there's
there's an enemy in red oh you did okay
that's a knife guy yeah that's a nice
guy
I can now press a new button to stun
attack I think I think you could have
pressed that before you just didn't okay
but it's fine it's all fine I believe I
think I get an upgrade no yes yes mr.
frequent stops I do hate the Nolan
Batman not the movies as much as I hate
that Batman you like The Dark Knight
works because he loved the Heath Ledger
is so awesome in that movie but I hate
Christian Bale I hate the voice he does
prefer Batman I hate him as Batman yes I
hate that voice and I hate what happened
in here you find are they okay yes
they're safe now gone aka Bob thank you
we appreciate it it's my life's work you
really don't have the authority to I'll
get her there Batman you ask me it's
about time for a little
I don't like it but who called the
elevator was enough it's coming from the
lower floor get out of here dr. young
get her notes and then find somewhere
safe to hold the voice I picture when I
read the comics chapters ever ever since
the animated series the only voice I
could never picture Batman with this
Kevin Conroy he has become Batman in my
mind's eye sure I'm gonna go ahead and
say absolutely okay I have another
stealth kill section no no no no Batman
oh I could totally glide kick that guy
am I gonna do it that's the question
rich am I gonna collide kick him no no
he might hate hospitals
always gives me the creeps this is all
you jack
I know I gotta leave hey by the way I
got this you think you have this I think
you think you have this but the answer
is yes I think I want a snake I know
that Oracle is Ashley from mess can't
remember her Kimberly Kimberly Brooks
and I lose my favorite character Mass
Effect's so that doesn't bother me at
all
sure getting out of here
shit I got a spider-man it I took a risk
and I I glide kicked okay sneak behind
them and knock them all
I couldn't dumbass what do you mean I
got away it's great oh my god it's fine
I'm fine I just wanted to take out one
everything's gonna be fine okay now
these guys need to move all right here
we go here we go
oh here we go I got this we don't even
know how much I got this look at this
guy's gonna come up here boom got to
easy
motherfucking peasy those guys I'll
freaked out this is gonna be great
cuz you know I can do this by carefully
and take down boom easy peace
all right all right great I'll go up
here just in case I think I got him
there's only three am i still following
that am I still following the clues yeah
I guess I am guide I'm Batman he says he
uh what is that Detective vision I am
okay all right great
did you what after J says we mr. Sir
John B 8:20 thank you for subscribing
unless opera J is pulling our tails no
no he just sup he's right he's right
that happened like right before the
sales section and I got distracted I
apologize John thank you yep I'm not
here in the what the fuck's cuz I'm on
skype with Jack so I'm actually not
listening to the stream that's right
don't don't play me I'm Jack Blamey
absolutely
he's the one who's hearing the what the
Fox there's a TV what I rather the
Arkham series continued after Arkham
Knight with a different studio
developing or would I prefer just to end
I think I just prefer to end I I got my
my doubts about Arkham Knight even so I
think they've done a fine job with the
series but fours enough know makes you
say that
what what makes you say that because
Highness what just happened okay because
I just got to the Scarecrow section you
didn't think it was just gonna be the
Joker did you oh they're in him asylum
no I knew I knew I knew there would be
other villains I guess I'm just excited
[Music]
I'm the only problem is I'm not I'm not
like paying attention to what the Joker
is saying right now he was just laughing
about something I'm sure
this is weird this is a room with no
door cody's Ivy said would you keep
scrolling up would you rather go to a
party where Christian Bale was in
character as Batman for six hours or
watch Man of Steel for 72 straight hours
oh Jesus oh I I think Christian Bale in
character live in person for six hours
would be hysterical
[Laughter]
shall we news well wait in KITT well
does that mean he'd be in character as
Batman yes okay cuz like just him in
character as Bruce Wayne would be great
too you know he plays Bruce Wayne like a
dick so that's probably how he actually
is at parties I'm down a Batman
doo-doo-doo-doo climbing over stuff
climb down stuff that was a little
cartoony Jim Gordon getting dragged away
please help me Batman who would do to do
oh yeah Batman saved am it's like it's
like Christian Bale with a little strong
bad you know
hey Dad everyone I am Batman it sounds
like that strong baton that's what I
said oh it did you I did I said it was
like Christian Bale mixed her strong bed
oh okay I was reading chat this is not
Jim Gordon right I can't even see where
you're at jack he's dead you're you're
you're on your own yeah I just found it
from he's - and I'm sure that this is
not him because we're in the scarecrow
world I figured you out game Barbara I'm
sorry I was too late someone scrolled up
I'm gonna quote this wrong but I said
that Kevin Conroy is my definitive
Batman do I have any other definitive
superheroes
just just Robert Downey jr. as Iron Man
yeah he's great
he's great as Iron Man
and I have Jay in the chat mocking bait
why why is he mocking he showed up just
to mock me yeah that's fantastic
oh how fun in the in the the cameras at
an angle now rich Anka in the in the a
scarecrow levels like the camera isn't
level it's at a slight right angle
how fun okay great so you hate it in
other words I mean I I hate it I mean no
I get it I get I use what I'm saying
it's like I get it I'm in a dream world
I still hate that Batman is to the left
of the camera but you know they're doing
something and I like it
they're trying I think that's fun I
think as far as going back to the chat
and definitive versions of characters
there's they're all bringing up
Christopher Reeve as Superman oh I love
this Superman
I don't know that it's so definitive I
couldn't see anybody else doing it so
yeah he he did a fine isn't a great job
yeah he did a fine job at the tub the
best live-action Superman but even like
Harvey Kaval what was his name oh yeah
yeah like he was he was all right in
parts like that but the movie was a mess
but he was alright parks he looks great
nothing to know where to go
I just need to know where to go
they're doing a spooky atmospheric thing
you don't care for it at all huh sound
you sound contemptible no oh I I don't
mean to I just I'm I'm upset that I
don't know how to make the game move
forward
do I prefer the Jim Carrey Riddler or
the Arkham series version is that I'm
sure I can only assume that's a joke it
has to be a joke right checked I I'm not
sure I would also assume that's when
they're joking sometimes so
maybe I'm just supposed to look like me
oh I get it okay yeah I was supposed to
do that oh no the hallway is now another
room rich my perception it's being
messed with I don't mean to be snide
people want this section of the game and
you're just big oh my and then the chats
gonna lose their shit I'm sorry yeah I
you should know that I'm enjoying this
but I get it you know I just talked to
my dead father he looks great scarecrow
he looks fantastic mm-hmm
no I don't mean to make you sad this is
fun you've made them sad Jay I'm having
a lot of fun and one's really nice
everyone is unsubscribing no I'm I'm I'm
I'm enjoying this I'm a just a cynical
asshole and I get it is all I'm saying
and so the the mystery you know like the
the mystery and the the the wonder of
this segment is a little lost you
realize they are now rooting for you to
die yes I'm fine with that please root
for me to die if I die this whole no
death run thing pressure will be over
are you killing pressure you just do
what you're doing cuz what you're doing
is somehow working right
no not like real I'm not feeling like
real pressure but you know like I don't
know I haven't died I haven't failed yet
you know so it's like I feel like I just
want to do it once to get it over with
do-do-do-do-do
Batman the unsub noise should be rich
saying have a nice day have a nice day
[Music]
no this is neat everyone this is very
neat and I'm enjoying this a lot and I
know I'm not like filled with on Wonder
because I'm not because here's the thing
I don't do that I don't play up my
emotions for you guys the things that I
react to are real reactions alright this
is something they should know is I'm not
going to be the kind of streamer who
will like oh my god yeah oh my god I
can't believe it it's the Scarecrow dude
you know like I'm not gonna be that I'm
gonna react to things as I normally
would and this is over this is in fact
this looks fantastic
a lot of people saying you're gonna die
no I could I could very well snow oh I
turned into for a second
somebody's saying but PewDiePie makes so
much money
ah yes that is true I also don't care
Oh
PewDiePie mates do do we regret being
internet famous jack
our level of internet fame is that for
question yeah it's not like it's not
like we get pestered everywhere we go no
every now and then somebody recognizes
me says hi and thanks me for the work I
do and I'm very appreciative okay that's
it and I go above the business for the
rest of the day I'm at the level of Fame
works it's just kind of nice every now
and then oh okay oh I still have on your
own on your own
I'm not doing anything hiding
respects e games too much rich why
aren't you back C gaming Jax yeah and
doomed either way oh good I got oh you
did it yeah and you did that die no is
that how high up was that on the pool
cuz that was high that was high Chen
everybody yes go first careful first
girl cross-section yeah yeah that I
could see I could see that being a
really tough section fine had a little
run-in with scarecrow slowed me down
I'll get back to you in a bit that was
fun that was a really fun section I've
read I do I apologize that I sound like
such a cynical asshole but that really
was legitimately a fun section that's
very fun I could have done without it
but it was very fun that's not true that
by the way that that just elevated this
game to something very special that was
very reminiscent like a lot of people
like shit on Super Mario Sunshine uh-huh
even though it's you know it was a
fantastic Mario game but you know Super
Mario Sunshine had those sections where
they took place in like the space nether
region and you it was just like action
puzzles and you they took your water jet
away that was very reminiscent of that
okay words like we're gonna take away
all the things you know and you just
have to do this one very specific
challenge so I'd like that I like them I
like them both
okay let's see here I get an upgrade so
I get a combo take down allows Batman to
before an unlockable instant take down
after achieving a combo of times eight I
don't know if I've ever gotten a combo
times eight there's another one that
lowers the number like you can do it at
five
and you haven't gotten a combo of it
because you keep mashing because I keep
my fuck what the fuck indeed Sean whiff
oh no Sean Sean wjf thank you for
subscribing be fair or like Steve Martin
s deal ha ha ha
fucker ha ha ha ha this is my radio
replace announcer who's gotta lure all
crazy with his voice your radio not
yours any enough ok critic your
countdown loads up 10 hits of 1985 a rat
[Laughter]
selectively detonation of explosive gel
useful for advanced takedown tactics no
I'm not I'm not at normal takedown
tactic so I don't want it for hands
takedown tactic okay I got that one
already
ok health if you're unsure I can go for
more health or there's critical combo
stripes for its perfectly timed
countless I think I'm just gonna do this
special combo takedown thing ok that
seems to be the way to go
ok Adrian the Jedi says that he works in
radio and now he's offended well if you
talk like there's the radio broadcast
boy you should no one talks like that is
that you're mentally handicapped radio
announcer no that's like the radio
announcer who's been doing it far too
long and slowly starts to lose his mind
like a cerebral palsy our no no we're
you know like you've heard the same Katy
Perry song for the 400th time you just
like look next we're like Ally Oh
Jack radio DJs all want to kill
themselves don't you know this I would
believe that by the way yeah all right
no I can use my bat power and they're
there they're there forty eight-year-old
men who have to try to sound excited for
the new Taylor Swift song right
can we talk about taste way for a second
yeah we can do that is that a thing we
can do oh oh you know what if I crouch I
walk at the same speed but I'm in the
center of the camera so I think I'm just
gonna crouch from now that's not a good
shake it off song I shake it shake it
off that's great all right here we go
Hey
you could just run instead of crouching
or I could run sure I know I just don't
understand you jack for what for
thinking and thought some things for my
thoughts on things
yes sure you can also jump over guys and
hit them from behind
DoubleTap the X or well at sex on the
bottom one oh my god one of them I
didn't know I can do that oh he makes a
really funny sound when you do that he
goes yeah oh yeah okay all right
oh my god oh my god so I know where I'm
going
what's my objective rescue commission oh
just rescue Commissioner Gordon just
just rescue Commissioner Gordon uh I was
just in the Morgan okay I'm gonna really
I'm fine
what's this way I didn't go I have the
net okay all right here we go
I see the Joker arrows by the way for
everyone who's about to complain about
me not paying attention I see all of the
Joker arrows pointing me in the correct
direction but I don't know if that's
like the actual correct direction or
some sort of trap some I'm just trying
to play it smart smarter cool alright so
I just you know people are gonna be
saying people be talking tape oh okay
this could be a mission failure right
here if he's gonna kill Gordon if any of
the guys even think I'm in the room yes
so your your jump down and kick people
strategy is now known which is good by
the way that's that's good game design
right that's the game giving you a
situation where you can't use reliable
techniques and I like that reliable
technique you mean lucky ass techniques
what do you mean lucky ass techniques
you should be you should be dead I'm
just so good at video games that you
don't know how to play them and you
still managed to make it through
[Laughter]
all right here we go
doo doo doo Chooch if I seen the new
gameplay footage of Arkham night where
the Batmobile turns into a huge mech you
know I I wouldn't be surprised if that
happened not not surprised at all
is that true does it really do that I
doubt it but I would not be shocked at
this point okay some what I've seen of
that game so far did you see the ant-man
trailer no now because it's that manner
I don't give a shit about it I'm sure
I'm sure I'll end up seeing the trailer
eventually but what what do I have to
look forward to in this exciting trailer
for a movie that's not out yet so you
know have you ever felt the feeling over
being underwhelmed by something you
couldn't be whelmed by much like
guardians I have no like allegiance or
history with ant-man yeah I barely know
what a man does as a character and so I
had no expectations and I solved the
trailer and it's just like huh well
that's Paul Rudd like that's all that
comes out of it is like Paul Rudd yeah
like guardians I came out of the trailer
being a little psyched yeah oh that's
great
yeah yeah I had that reaction with
guardians but here's just like well I
enjoy paul road enough to see this movie
I guess I can't all be winners
that's true
but they should at least try goddamn it
you know you would think oh this is
creepy what's creepy oh just Harley
Harley like singing in the background
Oh drag bodies no does that matter I'm
opening a vent that's what you hear the
buttons yeah I took down a guard but
it's just like I don't want them to see
the body you know take your time take
your time
well alright you're worried about them
seeing the body yeah how many of them
are moving
sound taken sound take them what oh shit
I think I failed yep did you first one
happened yep do your worst you made it
later than anybody ever thought you
wouldn't you did fine jack did fine like
I said I'm more happy that it's like I
didn't die but I'm more happy that it's
just a failed mission is over now you
know so we don't have this pressure
anymore okay now I can just play the
game everybody's leaving nothing to see
here okay so this guy can take down easy
this guy just goes down well some people
are saying you didn't die they don't
think it counts I didn't die but there
was a failure screen there it was a
failure screen I failed the mission I
didn't have died Aaron so I don't know
you know like how you count that is your
business if you take cover in a corner
you could do the corner takedown when it
walks by
another guy he's right there okay oh I
can probably take this guy down now
without anyone noticing I think yeah
that was just my problem
