Episode 184
FTL - The Redemption (Part 1)
February 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2F2gx0LMiUI
___________________________________________

hello hello oh my god YouTube looks
exactly the same it's crazy it looks
exactly the same but everything should
play a little bit smoother because it's
not running on html5 okay YouTube you
know the video with the video be heard
of the youtubes rich I thought you said
you tool you I could swear I thought you
said that's my favorite that's my second
favorite website is you two love duck is
this some kind of like YouTube mirror
that has different players oh that's
what I thought you said no you take a
daily quiz to find out what kind of you
you a tulip you are but what tulip best
represents you as a person I'm not
excited I'm so sorry I can like you let
me see if you tulip exists you tulip
calm register that shit I maybe we
should Oh somebody hasn't registered in
POC so if we want to we have to pay out
the ESL right we'll start a Kickstarter
for you to look there goes our million
dollar idea down all down the drain so
in any case the nerd side of things
html5 and for HTML for version 4 is kind
of the one we've all been running on for
the past I'm close to 20 years HTML 4
was last updated in 1997 that's amazing
isn't that and so websites like YouTube
and everyone's IDE needs these
third-party plugins in order to run
properly like video on right sure now we
have html5 all right and YouTube instead
of like making the gradual switchover
just said fuck it
html5 is default great who wants to die
you're jumping right in
wants to die oh my god what
how are you saying I am I thought you're
just asking in general who wants to die
other than me I mean no one's died that
might not be true am i I'm sure there's
plenty people who want that that color
is so dear when cor Ellen I think Cora
lik wants to die
keep an eye have people sitting on a
diet I'm typing now they want to die see
yeah um okay so Karluk and bill bill ted
Tetley bill Tetley wants to die okay he
wants to be a glowing green man the
bunch
is there an advantage to dying as a
glowing green man versus just dying die
slightly that's that's good I guess
Captain Obvious wants to die so hard
with a vengeance would possibly with a
vengeance okay quite possibly with a
vengeance
I'm also want to do a quick audio thing
to see how we
a little bit Oh Jack you're making me
nostalgic for 30 seconds ago remember
when we were talking about people
wanting to die with a vengeance that was
those were good times I remember exactly
that much simpler times I remember
exactly that you're where you were when
we had that conversation I was sitting
right here on the couch we're kind of
just starting with this there are
possibly other plans too yes do they
involve dying oh yes I'm killing myself
online oh my god oh my lord
Oh already we have another pulse wants
to die oh my god I'm waiting I'm waiting
for someone to say they want to die
oh my god and I missed a sub already
working on it cinnamon oh there it is
frosty snooze thank you for subscribing
oh okay sorry to interrupt your thank
you but did you say cinnamon is in like
sinner made cinnamon oh you're talking
to someone specifically I thought you're
like like saying like babe earn this
like hey man hey that's in a man thought
you were saying cinnamon hey there sure
all right that's fine no frosty snooze
thank you for subscribing
frosty snooze has been a subscriber for
the past six months now twitch now tells
us how long people have been subscribing
oh that's on it and we really appreciate
it thank you first when I see after the
new member was Mario Mario 42 great it's
full up so many as we as we listen to
this wonderful soundtrack not us we
can't hear it here but as you guys at
home listen to this wonderful soundtrack
you should know that been Prunty just
came out with a new album been Prunty
did the soundtrack for FTL I assume that
based on the context of the things you
were saying yes and he did the
soundtrack for a new game called gravity
ghost and I don't know anything about
the game no I have already bought the
soundtrack and listen to it it's amazing
oh yeah yeah so this guy does amazing
amazing work you know who else just came
out with an album John Carpenter what
John Carpenter made an album of what
it's called lost themes I was just it's
it's just like the type of synth stuff
he was doing for his movies ladies all
right so it's sort of like soundtracks
to movies that don't exist and it's
fucking awesome that sounds great I've
been listening to it like on a loop
while I've been doing visual effects
after space count it's like I need to
work these songs as temp music and space
cop because they fit perfectly but
they're so great
the real Quaid thank you for subscribing
these last three months have flown right
by
so is it they unsubscribe and then re
subscribes that what's going on
no no they you can choose whether it's a
reoccurring thing but some people oh
okay I don't know how these things work
and so for anyone it might be a
recurring thing and then we see the
recurring okay are they I'm subscribing
reasons I have no idea how it works is
something you should know
no I don't know it is your stream you
probably don't need to know how it works
I get a little blue bleep that says but
someone subscribes that's all I know
okay well that's fair enough so a
gravity ghost by the way for those of
you asking what type of type of music is
it little ambience little imagine if the
Tron soundtrack what was more chill okay
that's what it that's what the Tron
Legacy sound to try the Reggie's Alka
Tron Legacy soundtrack was more chill
okay gonna say the Tron soundtrack
that's closer to John Carpenter than
anything else no it's very ambient a
little like electronics I'm like we're
percussion mixed in there hi there
probably like this you would very much
like it cool
bro I doesn't go gravity ghosts ghosts
or the gravity ghosts soundtrack okay by
been pretty alright Prunty
the gravity goat the anti-gravity go
that's what I'm waiting for it right hmm
right
the gravity goat I have something very
important to talk about what the fuck
J I don't I feel like I know it's gonna
be a better addiction to horse semen
rich oh ah sorry I hate to talk about be
single soon ah Giga thank you for
subscribing we're very much appreciated
um know have you ever seen a show called
Farscape
i have not i i've I know there's
apparently a little bit of a hub of
going out about your
Jax could be an asshole again I've never
watched it so on the advice of rich and
several other people Lisa and I had some
time to watch a new show and we gave
Farscape a chance and I did not much
care for it okay watch the first five
episodes and they're like weirdly Muppet
creatures on Farscape just leave it
alone with her Nitin Lee watched show he
didn't like it now he's gonna talk about
horrible well that's what you talk about
it you talk more about things you
dislike than things you like absolutes
just the nature of us absolutely what
but here's the real thing apparently
this is not an OK opinion to have I
don't know if you've been on the
subreddit recently someone wrote a very
long rebuttal to why I was factually
wrong in my opinion
oh people are very passionate about
Farscape okay it should be it spread
shape here's well here's the interesting
bit about this is apparently the sci-fi
Network and now Netflix has a different
order of the show than the DVD oh yeah
that's happened with some other shows or
they don't have them in the proper order
and so apparently on the DVD the second
at my biggest problem is they didn't
seem to handle character motivation very
well like they never seem to mention
people wanting to go home or what their
overarching goal was okay and what is
episode 7 on Netflix is episode 2 on DVD
and that episode they find an earth-like
planet and the crux of it is the main
character talking about how he'd rather
go home
okay and that's episode seven on Netflix
okay so netflix has amount of order well
they have them in the order that sci-fi
channel or aired them on but not
Australian size it's a whole big thing
okay
the DVD is supposedly the correct order
and Netflix does not have that order
sorry just adjusting the mic um okay
and so sci-fi I think I want to say
sci-fi has a history of doing that yes I
Phi also aired the tremors TV show did
you even know that existent well I think
it only lasted like a season but they
aired it sounds like it shouldn't exist
I've heard it's actually pretty good but
it's it's aired in the wrong they aired
it in the wrong order
mm-hmm um so I don't know um I I don't
know what that is about sci-fi or but
but in case my perception of the show is
different than most people because I did
not see it in the same order okay and so
my feelings about the show have to be
altered slightly huh this is all I'm
saying
Oh would you would you recommend trying
to watch it in the correct order then
there's there's Muppets on this show
right I mean that's enough me into it
and I did like that the the overall
production value I described as charming
okay it's very it's a little shocked
evil character well that sounds great
yeah so it's quite possible if you watch
it in the correct order you will not run
into the issues I read okay this is on
to but it is on Netflix it is on Netflix
so if I if I look into it then I have to
make sure I watch them incorrectly yes
all right I'm kind of shut about you're
just gonna start bitching yeah no no I I
did not know that about Netflix yeah
hold on actor interrupted thank you for
subscribing we very very much
appreciated um I don't suppose you a
quality order they were released on
Netflix time so so for me it went pilot
space books it went it went islet space
bugs some other episode Oh pilot space
bugs Klingon spy Rigel getting kidnapped
peacekeeper death ship okay and and
though so that was one two three four
five and actually in actuality that was
like one seven three six for sure you
know so I watched him a little odd for
that's obnoxious it is yeah I want to
say there's other shows Netflix has done
that with to I mean I know sci-fi
channels done the past but I think
Netflix has done that too yeah so this
is all things people were people were
very passionately tweeting at me that I
was just wrong and I'm like the second
episode they find it a planet that looks
like Earth and I was like what are you
talking on the ship and there's space
roaches networks have done that too with
shows that they like new shows that they
don't have any confidence ends they're
like oh this episode 7 stronger than
episode 2 Civil Air episode 7 second
like they did that with the clerks
cartoon it only lasted they only aired
two episodes of it but they aired the
like they earned them out of order and
they've done that with other shows too
and it's like well if you if you're
unsure about the show confusing the
audience like the first two episodes
that isn't a good idea
right so yeah nobody knows what they're
doing pretty much nobody knows basically
so this is the this is this is what I'm
going to say a half apology mmm - to any
fans of our escape out there chance
opinions of car escape do not represent
red letter media as a whole running man
take responsibility for the things he
has said well and also it's hopefully
people understand that my perception of
Farscape is is was incorrect by no fault
of my own yeah so I understand
great thank you thank you for
understanding I understand because I've
no stake of this either I think your
complaints for in the first place
hmm okay but okay all right okay um
isolate mutate thank you for subscribing
now that we've reached the four month
period I think it's okay to cuddle this
is me putting that out there bring that
out there for you you like these these
stats that they give you don't know it's
fascinating to see how long somebody's
been with us yeah sure
agreed I understand I understand mr.
yeah don't you understand things like
that mr. that's not in space cop in the
new version that's one of the few things
that was in the original that isn't in
the new one really yeah is all the whole
movie is gonna suck now she just
everything reshoot everything yeah the
whole movie it's a TR that line in some
somewhere yeah that sounds like a plan
so I know your name is Theodore J hooker
one thank you for subscribing for the
past five months we've really do
appreciate it
but your name could also be the Oder J
hooker I hope his middle names like
charms cuz then I need to be teaching
hmm
either way no that's his name was
Theodore j-hook Theodore J that's like a
joke name yeah I'm assuming there's no J
yeah there was a Jan oh never mind
nobody knew that I'm just dumb rich I
gotta pay attention when I'm talking
that's fine yeah no I'm just gonna stop
trying oh yes I finally broke them
urban vermin thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciated I like saying
your name Thurman Merman where does the
name urban vermin I get some rides me a
Thurman Merman yeah and these
subscription notifications are manually
activated so you have to choose whether
or not you want to reveal how many
months you've been subscribe okay when
Yuri subscribe so twitchplayspokemon you
are correct it's a new updates but if
you're cool yeah that's Trevor well I
think that's part of the thing is so us
streamers can recognize easily who has
been with us the longest because that's
it's a game I see because that's how you
win it's how you win it life yep
oh sorry dr. J dr. J says his some
happened like two days ago and no one
saw we did what we we like so J thank
you for a subscribing and thank you for
being a bot
it's truly appreciate no one else listen
everyone else maybe your microphones dr.
J oh that's right you want to be at your
speakers
that's how speak smooth okay everyone
else is needed dr. Tate your daughter
great job Thanks
okay everyone else good unmute their
microphone setup how are they know to
unmute it if they can't hear you tell
them to unmute it oh my god you're right
this is a flawed system yeah guy yeah
it's terrible so Jack yeah um did you
hear about the Ghostbusters casting I
did let's see for every response I you
here's something you should know about
me I have not seen bridesmaids okay um
there's a great little comedy buried in
there somewhere that's what that's all I
heard here's my first complaint about
the new Ghostbusters okay I'm sure
they'll be many when I actually see the
movie but for right now it's 45 minutes
too long that's what I'm gonna say I'm
calling it now it's gonna be 45 but it's
too long that's not it's not you know
and this is the thing like at this point
cuz now they're talking about Chris
Pratt being Indiana Jones do it's like
all this stuff like it's inevitable and
it's not even worth getting upset about
anymore it's just like this is gonna be
a thing no I don't think I don't think
there's any problem with it I will my
okay Kristen Wiig yeah she's fine I like
Kristen Wiig just fine fine I'm sick of
Melissa McCarthy yeah I think
everybody's sick of her that's why I'm
actually surprised I know she's buddies
with Paul Feig the director or whatever
and they did bridesmaids together but
like the last few comedy she's done have
been like horrible bombs yes so I was
surprised that that didn't have
some sort of influence but she's also
like writing partners with Kristen right
quick is she yeah oh I didn't know I was
what are they written didn't they a
bride bridesmaid no no most McCarthy was
just an actress and that as far as I
know I don't think she wrote it
hey now I have to look this up Melissa
McCarthy and Kristen Wiig go back okay
that doesn't sound right to me but I
don't know for sure so I'm not gonna say
mmm I'm you don't you know what I'm
sorry mom even before it was gonna be an
all-female cast I was completely against
the idea of a Ghostbuster sequel or
reboot oh sure obviously I don't like
amp now that it's an all-female cast I'm
gonna be labeled as a misogynist
it's amazing the movie doesn't need to
be made the fact that it's an all-female
cast at least the extra gimmick on top
of other gimmicks seems to me it's not
early gimmick so much is another way to
differentiate it from like it'll help
some if it was just for if it was like
Bill Hader and I don't know Will Ferrell
like it would draw even more comparison
so at least there's something different
about it um I don't know they're they're
trying something new and that should be
applauded they're trying they're trying
well I don't know they're trying
something new and pointless to a movie
that is pointless to exist to begin with
but I don't know how long it I just
don't care cuz it's not gonna be
ghostbusters right it's it's just it'll
have been - Ghostbusters name yeah and
that'll be about it but the other two
cast members yeah are Cate and Kenan who
I don't know if you watch Sarah
Knightley III even I don't watch Sarah
alive much anymore but I've seen enough
to know that she's like the best thing
on it okay she's really really good like
a comedic actress just like the
strongest part on that show yeah and on
the fourth one is Lester Jones who I've
only seen a couple times and she is like
on Worst live performer on that show she
was on the episode with Chris Rock they
did this bit where they were like a
bickering old couple and it was like
embarrassingly bad like she was missing
her mark she missed like she couldn't
read the cue cards properly there was a
part where she froze up for like 10
seconds and then just walked offstage oh
my now I'm back on it was so awkward so
I don't know like I'm assuming she does
stand up or something like I just into
something that would warrant her getting
a part in a fucking Ghostbusters movie
but based on the stuff I've seen on
Senate life she's just terrible as a
live performer master kenobi
double-oh-seven
thank you for subscribing this might be
the longest I've seen eight months
there's nobody been doing this free he
was subscribed before you even were
doing it that's how dedicated he is
eight months subscribing thank you octo
Dre says he's been subscribing for nine
so we'll see but we never see his
subscription right now long okay um I
you know different directors can work
well with different performers and you
can get that performance out of someone
who's even bad on live television
so like comparing a live performer to uh
to a screen performer is a bit moot I
suppose I just I'm curious genuinely
curious like what she's done cuz you're
I haven't seen anything outside of that
what she's done that would make people
think she would be appropriate them for
this kind of leave well you know it
really just could have been like a
director's feeling about her where he's
like oh I want to die you know I know I
can get this performance out of her
let's good yeah maybe here's the
interesting part though okay if you saw
this know um see I don't care either but
I hear these things I got a movie
website and they talk about this
daughter I supposedly humble a constant
feels first yeah all right bill all
right die tides and I actually think
this is pretty hilarious supposedly
there's talk of Bill Murray being
involved as a different character like
he fought so long to not do ghostbusters
3 and now that they're actually doing
something different with it he's like
okay I'll do that
that's kind of funny but and I guess
this is my whole thing is they are going
outside of the no they're not just
Malak oh my lord whatever it's with a
cane oh yeah great um is there not just
filling it with the young male comedians
at the time like I did with the original
Ghostbusters they are because that was
so terrible rich but they've done it but
I think they've done it they don't okay
we're talking about really the only
thing I take attention with it's not
inherently better just because it's an
all no yes no no but they know that that
it's it's pointless if heinous pointless
to make the movie to begin with yeah I
think we can all agree with that but it
would be even more pointless to remake
it with just whatever modern comedy
comedic male actors so that at least so
they're saying like this is gonna be
remade it let's try to put a new spin on
it and see if something can happen yeah
now I am not upset at all about the idea
of Chris Pratt as Indiana Jones and I
mean it's not the worst casting in the
world no I think I mean yeah I'm not
like I'm set by it cuz it's again it's
like it's inevitable that's not him it's
gonna be somebody um I I think he's a
little too doofy from the 3d on Jones he
doesn't have that edge but then again he
might I just haven't seen him in a role
where he has yeah no I do me and whereas
Harrison Ford was not right he was an
actor or Indian yeah here brought a
little bit of comedic edge to the
nanogenes
the movies had a comedic tone but
Indiana Jones himself was the cool guy
you wanted to be yeah yeah Chris Pratt's
more he's gonna be like me a mild parody
of the cool guy you want to be that's
possible but I'll be it's gonna be
different but also the cool guy you want
to be is not necessarily Indiana Jones
anymore not as nobody's 80 yeah I want
to be any other jokes in the Kingdom of
the wrestling they should get Harrison
Ford back I'm saying oh don't make more
of these movies no no no what do I do
what is the solution to any of these
ultimately first of all dr. Talos thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it what I'm
saying is the the modern-day symbol of
cool is no longer the the gruff silence
time the Indiana Jones type right
that's no longer what kids think is cool
what what do people think is cool now
star-lord it's not cool I don't know
what he tries to be cool he's a little
doofy that's what makes um that's why
Chris Pratt was perfect yeah so via its
it's no longer like people attempting to
be John Wayne hmm you know that's not
cool anymore
I think now being cool is being
self-aware like you look at the ant-man
trailer the end of the trailer is like
can we do something about the name like
now you have to wink like everything has
to wing and I can understand that desire
to go there but I don't know I would
like to see something that's just made
completely sincerely Dredd movie we've
always talked about the dread of it is
great
completely straight face it has a
certain comedic element because of that
yes but there's no winking in that movie
no god no
if anyone winked in that movie to get
their eyes room yeah well and the the
one thing I'm hoping is that it's not
people keep calling me the Chris Pratt
Indiana Jones movie which is of course
nothing but rumors right yeah they call
it a reboot I hope it's not like I know
I think it's just gonna be like I've
heard people compare it to like James
Bond yeah just be another Indiana Jones
movie in someone else's play and I think
that's great that's what I'm like Mike
mentioned actually a remake of Raiders I
don't think is wrong about that III know
I would doubt they would remake Raiders
detect it to me that sounds completely
pointless that's that there would be no
I would think they would just do it
that's just another adventure yeah
absolutely that would be great that
seems like the smartest way to do it
that's the way they should do it yeah
yeah yeah of course I don't need to make
more Indiana Jones they need to make
ghostbusters I don't need to do any of
this stuff but they're going to whether
you want it or not the going to exist
yeah
have you seen
the Fantastic Four trailer I did
supposed to oh well he know about this
in related that right this very moment
the director is back wherever they shot
the movie they're filming a month worth
of reshoots right now movie that comes
out in just a couple months so
supposedly it's like a disaster valuable
scenes but that yeah that teaser didn't
or is that a teaser that's not a full
train
yeah it's a teaser I kind of liked it
and it didn't tease anything interesting
it's just shots of fleek people looking
at monitor you know what I liked like
the look of it yeah
I thought I thought it looked almost
like when I saw the trailer I almost
thought I clicked on the wrong trailer
and I was watching the trailer for
interstellar you know like after you
watch it I don't remember anything
sticking out like the long cornfields no
I know you get that little glimpse of
their suits um I thought I thought the
thing just that little peak we get of
like removing rock looked awesome
hmm yeah no no I have zero interested it
but agree but but supposedly behind the
scenes it's been like a disaster or
shoot so that's really do it they just
cannot get Fantastic Four there's always
issues of the production I thought it I
thought the look of it was really neat
um and hopefully it's not a total
disaster having been the only person
here who has seen all three fantastic
four movies my hopes egg hi-yah but also
I have literally zero stakes in a
fantastic four yeah I think yeah thank
you for you to do teaser like that you
need some sort of even if you don't see
like like money shots you need some sort
of glimpse of like an arm stretching or
dude on fire some well you got that we
got a little dude on fire we got a
little what happens in the trailer I
haven't seen it it's just shots of
people looking at computer monitors and
talking about fate and destiny and then
a blue laser comes up out of the earth
cuz that happens in every call that God
it wasn't on earth that wasn't on earth
a blue laser comes out of an alien
planet let's get things crazy straight
here light keeps falling over it just
kept going hmm
well let's leave it will run
the rest on the table okay that's weird
yeah no I'm owed Oh like it didn't the
look of it to be more specific didn't
get me excited about the movie I just
liked the visual like Ram I liked how
the costumes looked it looked like they
were on alien planets which is always
exciting it looked like a sci-fi movie
which I think a lot of superhero movies
don't do okay except Guardians
that's the mall guardians isn't even
really a superhero movie rights a sci-fi
adventure I buy adventure movie yeah so
that it got me a little I don't want to
say excited okay but I io what's what's
a word for nosed you know what it got me
it got gave you a big boner that's what
you're trying to say we get it we get it
rock monsters give Jack Packard a big
boner we get it it got me not
disappointed okay what does that mean
indifferent yes I felt indifferent about
it I was so incredibly indifferent which
you know after seeing like ant-man I was
really disappointed by that trailer that
looked really boring and off and bland
yeah and so I was disappointed by
ant-man mmm the trailer see I wasn't
disappointed cuz I have no investment in
it anyway and what if it was an Edgar
Wright movie but Paul Rudd I like Paul
Rudd hey pretty much Laura yeah I like
the shot I think people kind of were
making fun of it but I like the shot
reace 'i'm like riding the back of the
like that was fun that was but I
couldn't get a sense of the tone because
I know it's supposed to be more comedic
right and that doesn't come across in
that teaser no mu all we got is Mad Max
that's the only thing that looks
straight up fucking awesome um I think
that's not going to be a dumb action
flick J how deep I think it's gonna be
an awesome Mad Max movie do boyss yeah
do boyss photo oh it is it I think
you're saying that no no well you what
are you gonna do du bois du Bois photo
right sure
Du Bois photo thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
de blah de blah blah blah de blah fitted
their wigwams feel swans Crips y'all
let's go show em way a pretty shit ah si
si
hold on there sings stream is dead no
stream came back it's okay
du Bois
well someone just mentioned Jupiter
ascending I forgot that was coming out
but it's the Wachowskis new movie Oh the
Sundance raining people oh I don't know
anything about this what Sundance what's
what Sundance is going on right now okay
so it's not the edison secret son dad
screaming screening the movie that boot
really so I heard oh oh I know all I
know is the trailer Channing Tatum looks
looks silly yeah he looks like comical
it uh I don't know I know that the the
Rachelle skis they tried to do their big
ambitious Cloud Atlas like philosophical
generation spanning epic you know yeah
intelligent movie and everybody hated it
oh yeah
you see I I haven't seen it I gotta say
a good thing I've heard mixed things or
people saying it to misunderstood or
whatever I haven't seen it I honestly
didn't have much interested it right cuz
everybody looks silly like those house
keys just make everybody look silly but
that movie was like a huge bombs yeah
they're trying oh let's do another
sci-fi action movie like we did with the
matrix 37 years ago right
Chiao skis or one-hit wonders so sorry I
don't know if I've ever gone on record
as saying I really liked this beat racer
movie I've heard people say that that's
kind of a misunderstood movie - I
haven't seen it I think it's like it is
what it's supposed to be I think it's
pretty damn good I haven't seen it very
stylized and there's the comic car
cartoony right yeah I mean these days
maybe a lot chuna CG but I felt the
action sequences were amazing and like
they got they got like the story is a
Speed Racer story share if that makes
any sense I really enjoyed it I like
their Speed Racer I
not seen it that's okay that's okay mean
mr. mustard says Jack stop talking ever
no how about that is this someone that's
subscribed yep they subscribe just to
say that my parent or they just want I
mean you don't have to subscribe to say
that no no he mustard is a subscriber
and he just wants me to stop talking oh
maybe he just disagrees with your
opinion on Speed Racer
that could be I don't know well you know
I've said some controversial things
Farscape it's true Speed Racer I was not
disappointed by the Fantastic Four
trailer I know that's that's a bold
statement right there I never watch what
the Fantastic Four trailer yeah it was a
teaser it's the teaser no you don't have
to well have to have a new teaser in a
month when they've reshot half the movie
that's I did not hear that is generally
not a good sign
yeah probably not probably not
I saw someone asking about whiplash I
still haven't seen whiplash they keep
hearing great things about this movie
let me watch it it's got that guy that
guy's great that guy is great
JJ Kasem and GK Simms I was gonna clean
absolute most perfect casting you could
do for Jay jonah Jameson yes ever thank
God they did that that made his career
it sees great lover of it he's great
movies he's great everything I've seen
to me he's the ISIS solid character
actor yep uh whatever happened in that
documentary about the Roger Corman
Fantastic Four that'll come out oh my
god probably nothing well they were it
was in production like it's it's not
like they wanted to do and just didn't
make it they made it doomed doomed it's
called yeah the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four or something
like that
I am googling here yeah look it up I
know they had like a Facebook page and
you could pre-order it you could
pre-order the movie I want to see that
I'm looking at all right hold cause
pause on
did you use the Google wrong I deaf
parent Lee um ma'am all right someone
just linked to it oh great what the fuck
Oh apparently it's available oh it's out
yeah or is it still me click on mom's
it's still just for pre-order because
last time I looked at it it looked like
it was available but then you click on
it and this is for pre-order I just
added it to cart did you feel this
anything I did not pre-ordered pre are
available 2015 still pre-order come on
come on guys and it's your movie I
really want to see it that we talked
about that quite a bit and it got cut
out of the episode just for time and we
were talking about how we'd love to see
a documentary on commentary and they do
have a commentary on their website you
can buy that's already available oh yeah
um so yeah yeah maybe maybe they're
waiting for the release of the new
fantastic that's it I tend to optimize
marketing that's not a bad idea that's
not a bad idea that's not a bad idea I'm
sure the the Roger Corman is still going
to be better than the new one that's Bri
I'm gonna say 70% that's good there's a
70% chance that's gonna happen there's a
25% chance that it will be equally
terrible for different reasons okay
Allah the the other two Fantastic Four
movie
oh sure and there is a 5% chance of the
new one being better hmm
that's that's my official prediction all
right sounds good and nothing but I mean
Fantastic Four so lame I'm a comic book
fan and even for a comic book fan
Fantastic Four is doofy you would how
does that see here's the thing the
trailer for the new one rich it placed
the like dark serious everyone else yeah
and it doesn't work for like Fantastic
Four is just silly big they should be
that's why I don't I'm trying to think I
think I saw the first Fantastic Four the
Jessica Alba one and I remember at least
having like a like a silly tone to it
like even though I don't think a movie
was any good it's like that's how you do
Fantastic Four Fantastic Four needs to
be light adventure fall they need to
shrink themselves down and explore the
universe in between molecules the
civilization that lives there yeah
that's a Fantastic Four movie yeah you
don't play it like like every other
superhero movie now which is they all
want to be you know the Dark Knight they
find the dimension where the the cosmic
accountants balance the figures in the
universe you can't be that funny anymore
right she can't be silly someone if
someone is quoting something here as a
result of Disney's highest single
shareholder and Marvel CEO Isaac
Perlmutter Zanger with Fox studio over
negotiations regarding the film and
related rights to the Fantastic Four
Marvel would rather cancel the Fantastic
Four comics rather than provide any
promotion however small it might be
towards the Fox Studios film oh wow this
is actually Marvel comic books is going
through a big universe reboot soon yeah
they do that every once in a while
though vertical not Marvel no Marvel DC
does DC this is every week hey but
Marvel doesn't do marvelous not besides
the addition of the Ultimate Universe
share which was its own separate new
universe didn't it didn't erase anything
that happened it was like going on
parallel okay well I would Marvel decide
to do that when they're the most popular
they've ever been
because this gives them an opportunity
to reinvent every character Oh movies
sake to be more like the movies okay and
it gives them an opportunity to say
downplay character's roles in the
universe that maybe they don't own the
movie rights oh I see like maybe the
Fantastic Four won't be an important
part of the new users or the x-men or
spider-man or isn't there talk of
despite them getting spider-man back
wasn't there some shit going on just
rumors Daka just rumor but but yeah so
they the you know they are really
banking on these movies being successful
forever so far they have been right it's
going to die out it's going to probably
I've enjoyed plenty of them oh my god
like John keel said I missed a bunch of
subscribers sorry everybody I'm looking
back to the mountain universe reboot
sounds like a fantastic jumping-off
point to be if I were still reading yes
oh okay
evitt zidar or yvette siddharth thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it umm grooving 42 thank you
for subscribing appreciations all around
Zeca mido thank you for subscribing I'm
sorry that I missed all of you but we
appreciate it every single one of you we
really do appreciate it
I get to talk in and I'm not looking at
the monitor it's hard like I want to
talk to jail I put the computer in front
of your face I thought I just did as I
put the laptop thing in between me and
Jane like rich is playing so he's
concentrating on something else I don't
need to look him in the eye but yeah me
and Jay are just talking here with
microphones in front of our face a
little weird now
how does this work day I I'm just
looking at an Apple logo now I can look
on your dash for subs you don't have to
physically throw scroll through the chat
is that true
that'd be great well look into that
right now one of these days you'll
figure out how this twitch thing works
you know every time I think I have it I
don't that's okay there's no more to
that story
Oh Bucky what has you had is asking
about samurai cop - mom I don't know
what we'll do with samurai cop - we'll
see it of course sure I guess we'll make
a decision after we see it who knows I
mean of course we see of course we're
going to see it as if of course you see
it are you not laughing on seeing you
all rich is the least biggest fan of all
out of all of us with the original
samurai cop so you got to see it I'm
even if it's terrible I'm glad it exists
I think it was just a bad oh say my god
I'm watching you guys once again samurai
cop is pure joy and then I saw I'm
saying well I've seen it a second time
since oh why wouldn't I love this how do
i how do I view who subscribed in my
dashboard tell me tell me how to do
things that apparently I should already
know how to do
how do you do I'm in my dashboard you
guys liars you guys are liars the horse
that's many steps professor physics
that's the thing would samurai cup 2 we
don't know if they're going to play up
the badness I kind of got the impression
from the little bit I know about the
movie that they're just while up until
the casting of Tommy was so which is I
don't know about that but up until then
it seemed like they were just going to
try and make a low-budget action movie
with the characters from samurai cobb
yeah
which has the potential to go either way
but we'll see
I don't know what kind of tell him
they're going for I still don't
understand it the Tommy was so thing is
sort of a push in the wrong direction
potentially but who knows agreed
agree that it's a push in the wrong
direction yes
I think I and personally I would think
that that one show their hand well that
yeah that's the thing that's it's kind
of the impression I God knows yeah who
knows that's true uh we don't know what
his role in the movie is pika
juice thank you for subscribing
I get that name hey J and rich down a
juice and I I believe that's a PlayOn
Pikachu lady juice bars was throwing me
off Jack hi
I know Pikachu is there are knows a
Pikachu is widest why is calling them
pick a juice make it because he sent it
sounds like he says pika juice when he
does a lightning attack in Super Smash
Brothers that's what I'm going to assume
okay if I'm completely off I've been
wrong or about different things and then
take a specially grammar pika juice
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated especially grammar
so wrong jack so wrong am i failure
oh it's an opiate anthony reference oh
well I don't listen to Opie and Anthony
you know there are even a thing anymore
I didn't want to leave or get fired or
fall off a building something happen
although Jim Norton came-- comedy guy
Jim Norton he's on that show I guess or
was on that show and there's someone
posted a clip of him on the show one
time talking about the blanket reviews
oh sure honey he might have just been a
guest or something I know I think he's a
regular oh that could be a thing that's
fine neither of I I've just seen that
clip I've heard the name yes it was a
popular program apparently I did I
believe they were shock jocks that's why
I would never listen to oh you're right
here about that stuff Jay should save
this kind of conversation for his blog
you're oh that's true I'll talk about it
I'll talk about on one of my upcoming
vlogs that's great that's great how do
you think of the titles for your blogs
like you just pick out what you talk
about most or like you know little tot
the title of each vlog it's just
whatever I talked about in the video and
whatever I talk around the videos just
you know whatever is on my mind yeah but
sometimes you jump around you know and
your topics they're not always so
condensed oh you mean like if I'm
talking about multiple things why do I
name it ones right things done that once
Jack yeah I've only done that once I
just ask generally like where do you get
your ideas from
I wear a where do ideas come from Jack
they just end up in your brain I wake up
in the morning whatever's on my mind
that's right I'm gonna do a vlog about
this grind laughs that's great that's
the way to do it I think that's great
but keeps it fresh that's great
thanks great that's a good question how
rich how are you doing oh my god you're
dying you for Hull points a store oh
okay
he's at a store he's gonna be fine right
I know I would get into the yellow sure
I don't know I have a I do this and I
don't know why I have no idea where you
are in the game I'm gonna fight right
knee what the fuck that's garbage
okay that's garbage less garbage um my
turds are green my turds are cream oh
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it the first two
months my turds are green it's time to
see a doctor
ah I tried to Beck's seed game rich
wouldn't listen to me because I didn't
know what I was talking what they said
Jackie you should back seed game for a
change
I don't know what I'm talking about so
I'm not going to
yeah this UI looks like something out of
a Commodore 64 says something who's
never played a Commodore 64 obviously
never played a Ryan this looks nothing
at all in any way shape or form not not
not even remotely not even if we
pixellated the graphics with this thing
collect something at 64 cuz this game
isn't really like a pixel art game no
even no it's not which is I think what
he's trying to get into and he played
pixel games hey this is what the idiot
just realized this he just said it as an
offhand joke
yeah now he's just getting slammed for
it pretty much
yes vvvvvv looks like a Commodore 64 yes
that is correct
I want to say someone out someone hacked
super hexagon to play on an Atari and
upload a video on it look pretty it
looked pretty sweet huije how are those
new key tapes doing oh pretty good yeah
pretty good we need you know a couple
more like two two or three mate or three
mar 2 2014 3 more maybe three I think we
could do it with two but if we had three
be like a sure thing oh absolutely yeah
yeah one for safety that's what they say
one for safety well the full scale
really 500k yeah Wow just looking a
little bit these things are under arrest
we're under estimating how many more
okay all right five rich says fine
that's true okay
maybe I underestimated how much work was
we're also just trying to get this done
and so it's like eventually eventually
there needs to be a realistic cutoff
point here I just measure I was
measuring the back side I think maybe
five more all right all right that's
fine okay five more new key tapes you
heard of here ah so so I buy this
teleporter and it cost me almost every
thing I have rather than fully upgrading
ship yeah first thing I run across as a
drum ship with no air ah great
investment great sometimes I don't they
don't work out bridge long-term you got
to think long through
that's what you got to think
oh that's a really good question cockle
over 9,000 Jay can you confirm the rumor
that it took 12 years to make the film
boyhood oh my god I don't know if you
guys heard this it took 12 years to make
boyhood it took him 12 years to make
that move that must be an amazing work
of art yes great well I mean it did take
12 years yeah and obviously how long
something takes to make is directly
correlated with how good it is
absolutely absolutely that's great
that's great that's great everything's
great more so I just asked that question
so I can say cockle overnight with a
username like cock lover 9000 I'm sure
you would love boyhood because it's now
what that wasn't like a that probably
came out more like a weird like sexual
thing I just meant like with a name that
juvenile you would probably enjoy a
sophisticated a fake sophisticated art
house film about growing up in child I
didn't mean it a fake sophisticate
thanks investigative of you growing up
okay that came out it probably came out
like a some sort of weird sexual slam
who wants to survive and save the galaxy
who wants to survive I fucked that one
up you did damn it
you did J
spits yuck what there's one of me hey
hey that's at me bragging it oh there it
is a bowl of special okay okay
Oh bull Special K okay I'm sitting kind
of dis you're right I found it it's okay
everything's okay everything could be
fine Oh
aw come on I said start typing the
cursor just goes away right why is that
I don't I don't know I'm very sorry and
I don't know
I don't know what I'm sorry all right
I'm fucking everything's fine all the
time we did we did we started a little
bit later today than we normally did
because rich and I were filming the next
episode which I'm pretty excited about
mmm can you say any more about it or do
you not want to yet the you know we kind
of I kind of painted myself into a
corner with the title because you know
we have to say what the next episode is
oh yeah before we upload the previous
episode so we get that little thumbnail
reg and I wanted to title it
why Super Mario Brothers is more
immersive than Call of Duty okay which
will be the title just because that's
what I put I guess I can always change
it thumbnail but it's it's more so why
why is this old classic game more
immersive than this modern new game okay
and I feel like our conversation went
very well when a little off the rails
when specifically talking about college
it has an interesting title okay so
that's all that's fine yeah
it has a title which will hopefully get
people interested in watching it have
some good content for them to watch not
necessarily relate to the someone
related to the title hmm enough related
where if I do end up titling it that I
won't feel very bad about it okay well I
will say I am NOT a fan of YouTube
videos with misleading titles
yes leading content so you gotta be
careful with that kind of thing it's
true that's true cuz yeah you could you
could like want to watch say a video
button like someone's thoughts on
modern-day news right sure yeah and you
see that thumbnail in like oh this is
someone's thoughts on today's news and
you click on it that's what it is
I love that one that is yeah yeah you
want to be satisfied you can get what
you're expecting yes absolutely
yes yes
yeah none it's not necessarily deceptive
dad like it's it's a no-no we've had
this discussion about what clickbait is
before mmm and to me clickbait is is a
intriguing title but then no content Wow
content countenance no countenance no
content to back up the intriguing title
yeah okay ten reasons why we love
Jennifer Lawrence oh yeah and then it's
just like a slide show that you hook
through yeah and then after the first
two slides there's like an ad you have
to click off the ad and then like the
one of the slideshow pictures is like
because she looks like this and it's
just a paper version so yeah
there's no content that BuzzFeed is
BuzzFeed the one that does a lot of that
type of stuff it's 100% buzz you know
so that's clickbait and so to me having
a eye catching title does not clickbait
make it okay that's a proper sentence
but but you also need an eye-catching
title or for people to watch it who
aren't our fans already sure so there's
a balance between good title and
clickbait I understand I know you do but
they don't