Episode 186
FTL - The Redeption (Part 3)
February 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hV3aOkCxWA
___________________________________________

he has it weird sometimes you say things
hey that was not a joke I did really
good it's the longer you settle down I
played a very hard original Nintendo
game hmm
I was gonna say spelunky is the game you
always talk about this is a difference
the monkey is a great game and after
playing spelunker spelunky took a lot of
cues from spoink er okay
Bunker's and NES go hard as fucking
balls oh yeah but after just like an
hour I already made it past the first
level and it's one of those you know if
you die you start fucking over from the
beginning of everything and it was great
and I did alright at it
done I'm whaling my finger at the
microphone
thank you I ain't donuts he liked one of
my jokes my really poorly timed
stuttering jokes for anyone who hasn't
heard there's no point in telling any
joke after the dead bolt
right there's no point comedy is dead
now that's the pinnacle I'm sorry I'm
sorry the way I would usually start my
sets is telling telling people that I
got into stand-up comedy as a way to get
over my stuttering because I used to
have a stuttering problem and getting up
on stage and talking to people has
really helped smooth that out if you're
interested you can go to the department
of therapies something I see I forget
already
oh yeah I know that's what it was at the
department of therapies I adopt they
have a website you go to wwm and i'll
help you out that's a funny joke because
it's like I'm stuttering I guess but I
got over my stutter I get it I
understand the concept maybe I should
explain it well you see what the joke
here is is that the guy you thought he
was going to farm but he's really going
to his bedroom to fuck his life but what
social construct tells us that fucking
an animal is wrong is a web blog that
sounds a little too close to dead bull
but see here's the funny thing about
that wedlocke brings two people together
dead bolts keep them up it's the best
joke haha
it's the best joke ever
[Laughter]
yeah whatever just thinking about
thinking about the guy delivery day cuz
I can see it I copy the whole thing in
my head however you're picturing him
yeah I just picture how a guy who would
tell that joke looks yeah you're correct
alright you're like I want to say we
were on vacation somewhere and it was
just like the the comedy club at the
hotel or something and it was like an
all-ages thing no sure
you know okay it had to be of course oh
so it's not like somebody saw on TV it
was just some guy you saw somewhere was
some guys alive okay absolutely and and
it makes it even better
yeah I thought you're like just some
random comedy special on TV or something
no no some live and and he was billed
like it was like he was part of this
review show so there's a failed stand of
cafes on his doing these crappy like
resorts or whatever
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah it was it was in hindsight
obviously like I said if when you're
when you're 14 and like I'm such a I was
and still am such a big fan of stand-up
so it's just like taking in all the
stand-up comedy I could to me was like
well it does sound the same but they
mean different you know my mind was
blown
I was also a really dumb 14 year old
okay if that helps yeah maybe he wasn't
neil hamburger neil hamburgers great I
[Laughter]
[Music]
saw Neil hamburger perform in Milwaukee
and it was like the have you ever seen
any of his stand-up it's like the
perfect like slightly outdated
references that's too outdated you know
now talking about like 80 stuff but he's
doing like sons of Britney Spears jokes
and it's like perfectly outdated like
the exact right amount it's the amount
of craftsmanship in his shitty jokes
yeah he's remarkable yeah now I see I
see some people mentioning like Patton
Oswalt's and stand-up and I have an
issue okay I don't think it's stand-up
what is it storyteller storytelling
can't be stand-ups we can be said
technique yes and I don't think it's
stand-up I guess if you have a very male
make the rules you can make that role up
once you own Webster's once you're in
charge of Webster's I have a goal
stand-up is beat in front of people and
same things that make them laugh it
doesn't have to be like take my wife
please
I think stand-up has a more structured
Jack
Jack what this is not an argument this
is not a debate
you are wrong stand-up comedy is more
structured jokes and there reaches a
point and so the most famous and best
legendary stand-up comedians do not
follow that structure though hacks
follow that structure like Seinfeld yeah
has structured jokes okay George Carlin
had structured jokes he is some he also
tells stories Richard Pryor tells story
told stories
no no they weave stories through their
structure jokes that's that's narrating
a June same as what Patton Oswalt does
[Laughter]
I'm I'm I'm okay being a little wrong on
this I think I think they're like to me
it's it's probably like who get upset
with me when I call something a rogue
like and they're like actually this is
my thing I think there's a difference I
think there's a difference
I like Patton Oswalt I like his stories
well it's great he's a great storyteller
he's great at going up on stage and
saying things that are funny that is
true that is true that is true that is
true
oh god oh god you know what it's not a
real stream unless you guys are really
mad at me you're welcome
[Laughter]
and you know we all have our things that
were wrong about mostly good job spakest
but yeah and they're like I'll agree
with you Jay patton oswalt
patton oswalt is a funny guy and he is
on stage with a microphone have you seen
these actually really good he gives a
really good performance in the movie
young adults have you seen that with
Charlize Theron no they're really good
movie and he's really great in it and
he's also in big fan which was directed
by the guy that wrote The Wrestler
Oh apparently that guy used to write for
The AV Club years ago but he wrote The
Wrestler and he groped and directed big
fan and bettan I was also really good in
that too that's that's like a movie yeah
it's yeah he's like a sports fan and
it's not you know completely socially
yeah yeah it's a good movie so yeah
Patton Oswalt to do more more acting I'm
sure you've seen because he was on was a
king of queens the sitcom that he was a
regular on for a while yes I've never
watched that show but I've seen the
clips on YouTube there's like a scene
it's like a party at their house and
Patton Oswalt just stands completely
still in the background staring at
nothing for the longest time the entire
scene and nobody noticed when they were
shooting I guess
[Laughter]
I think I like that about him I like
that about that as well
little outside that box Co Resident Evil
vs. Silent Hill I've never played any of
the Silent Hill games rich and I aren't
the biggest hair game fans I've played
the Resident Evil games and I've
disliked most of them I like to Reza do
before because that was a little more
action orientated
aren't they all kind of action no no no
well I guess I know the movies more than
those amazing movies the first Resident
Evil game was was a very unique thing
that I hated it entirely which is it had
fixed cameras almost as if they were
security cameras okay but your character
moves normally and so like but you would
you would like like the camera being
here and your character would walk down
the hallway right so you have to press
left to make the character walk down the
hallway okay but then when you turn the
corner the camera would be here so you'd
have to then walk toward the camera and
so you'd have to like constantly change
which direction your character is
walking to have that character walk in
the same direction now yeah just
frustrating a nice little mystery game
Resident Evil 4 is great I played one of
the Resident Evil's yeah which one did I
play I don't even know it was okay
that's my story
[Music]
yeah I don't know I was I was like I was
staying at a friend's house I was out of
town and there's crashing at their house
and they were at work all day so I just
had a video game system and they had
Resident Evil whatever and so I just
played it all day just to kill time I
think this is kind of fun do you
remember
it would have been 2000
did you play 2010 ish no older than that
you mean like 2008-2009 so whatever
Resident Evil game was big at that time
do you remember Spanish in the game no
were you dude I don't remember I I don't
remember anything about it I played it
for an afternoon and kill some time I
remember thinking that it was kind of
fun and that's the first and only time
I've ever played any Resident Evil games
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
we are you in space but before the
thanks Jay this is you've made it far
enough to at least no matter if you beat
the mothership or not you've redeemed
yourself from somebody yeah
Sunday's replay know something
[Music]
he blamed me shit talkin Farscape wow
that seems pretty reasonable oh my god
and I'm sorry guys I did I forgot to
tweet again I forgot to tweet that we
were streaming I apologize oh my god
right we were we got we got like almost
800 people without any sort of
notification yeah that's pretty good I
mean this is I I mean I tweeted this
afternoon what time we were streaming
about hmm
but I did not tweet at the start of the
stream and I do app on I'm looking I'm
checking my Twitter now and I really do
apologize for that thank you guys for
coming out anyway also apparently we
missed a sub tears HTML Tyr s HTML very
sorry but we really appreciate did I
miss any more while I was apologizing
for missing one I don't know operation
turtle strike says Jack that's it
[Laughter]
everything is so wacky how did you how
did you see that amidst all the the spam
that were clearly ignoring how did you
find that comment I am reading in
between the lines that's what I'm doing
against me saying that is kind of the
answer to the spam isn't it have I seen
danger 5 yes there you go absolutely the
answers yes
I've heard a little bit about danger fog
I don't know what it is doesn't do it
does anyone know what it is I've heard
it's a danger I want to say it's a TV
show like a British show or something I
don't know I've heard of it yes I have
not maybe I've seen it is it just is it
a two-minute Internet video then yes
I've seen it no I think it's a TV show I
don't think it's an American TV show but
I think it's a show yeah I think so the
answer is clearly we're all big fans of
danger 5
that's all been downhill since danger
three absolutely no series like you know
you get the three and that's where it
kind of Peaks right first third date
your cousin little area come on bad
cousin Larry does anyone remember Danger
Mouse yes did you know the Danger Mouse
cartoon that was made in the 80s was
done by John Kricfalusi the guy that did
Ren and Stimpy know it before a run and
Stimpy yeah you did Danger Mouse huh I
wish when you said do you remember
Danger Mouse I thought you were talking
about the electronic producer who made
the Gorillaz album
I wasn't dangerous
oh no I'm not Danger Mouse Mighty Mouse
is what I'm thinking there we go
fuck you worry got it grandma eighties
cartoon of Mighty Mouse which was of
course been around for much longer than
that but even the eighties iteration of
it he went on to do run as hippy see you
work subconsciously thinking about the
gorillas I was oh I like the girls I
don't have any other albums or but what
I've heard I like that I believe it was
Danger Mouse that did their second album
okay
that's all I know
I want to say Dan the Automator
produced their first mmm I don't know
just seen words though I also I don't
know nothing about nothing
Oh dick neutral ralph bakshi had
something to do with Mighty Mouse too
well that's even more amazing I need to
go back and revisit that I won't but but
I should there are things like that
where it's like I love this as a kid but
I know if I go back to revisit it it's
not gonna be worth my time even if it's
good I don't think it will be all of
pee-wee's Playhouse is on Netflix right
now which is a great show and meant a
lot to me as a kid but I no no I mean
I'm sure it holds up for what it is but
as someone my age I just can't imagine
just sitting around watching pee-wee's
Playhouse
apparently Danger Mouse was the kids TV
show back in the day yeah I remember
that's why I was sick why would you
don't us we both said oh yeah I remember
that but I was I meant Mighty Mouse
oh no there was danger there was a
danger house in addition to that but I I
was confused
okay Jay was confused there's multiple
things come on German and also I was
typing and I don't have the mental
fortitude to type and listen at the same
time so I haven't heard a word you guys
say for the past minute okay so that's
all I got
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
welcome shit's gettin weird to them
breathing Channel oh my god yeah oxygen
the oxygen channel that is the channel
you missed it you guys blew it i 100%
blew it and I acknowledge that I blew it
that's great
[Laughter]
[Music]
this is something and rich brings this
board did you bring it from home or is
this just something that's here there is
just a piece of wood that rich brings
from home really I thought that was just
shit that was later on the students you
have a designated piece of junk wood
right all right this is functional it is
just undies are just pieces of wood at
the studio you can just grab it it's
right in that bry desk I use it all the
time for this kind of stuff all right
it's it's weird it does just because
it's all right it's so weird I'm losing
my game you sure do it
you know what just do it
oh no they're saying we need to get on
the trolley just let you use the piece
of wood ie cream fuck I agree oh yes we
did set up a previously recorded Steam
account previously recorded dot rlm at
gmail.com
if you send game gifts to that email
address we will receive them I don't
know you know what I don't know did you
hear about how upset people are about
the WWE thing yeah do you remember we
there there was a little bit of that
Smackdown or Royal Rumble or whatever I
haven't watched this whole Colgin yeah
well we happened to be out the other
night in a bar that was playing the
Royal Rumbles yeah it's related to that
okay is what you're saying
yes okay apparently whoever won that was
not who the majority of fans thought was
going to win or who wanted to win okay
and so people are so upset that they
faked wrestler that they wanted to win
didn't win that they've been cancelling
their subscriptions okay this is it
that's so not like there was no cheating
involved obviously because wrestling's
fake right but it was just
we're upset that the outcome of this is
not what we wanted yep
no kind
some some guy big guy won the big the
big guy who wears a lot of black one and
everyone wanted the doofy guy with the
beard to win you know you don't always
get what you want no and you're not the
writer of the show just because your
show didn't turn out the way you wanted
it to fuck man
yeah that happens yeah lost fucking blew
it
that Cyril blew it but they brought back
won't even think product bag oh oh
that's right you didn't like the any of
us I like that oh that's what I'm
talking about I hated the ending of laws
that was a great everyone's friends and
happy together forever
ah they all love each other bullshit
they all love each other hey that's
great good for them but that's the thing
like I know there are some people that
will defend the ending of loss but a lot
of people hated it yes and it's like
well that was in do you wanna go back
and reshoot the ending exactly exactly
so now so there's this huge thing and
people are pissing and moaning so what
do they want new do they want a rematch
where they get the results that they
want
it's all fucking fake so do a rematch
and then never gonna get what they want
but the only reason they got it is
because they want like who cares yes
that's the weirdest thing to be upset
about that yes yes I mean I'm not a
wrestling fan and I know some wrestling
fans are very passionate about it but
still I think most sane wrestling fans
understand what it is but there's a
story that happens yeah characters and
whatnot
yeah yeah I know it's it's been this
huge deal especially and it's from a
slightly more interesting perspective is
now that fans
are paying a monthly subscription they
feel slightly more entitled oh that
happens yeah and it's just like you're
you're paying to watch the thing that
they produce yeah there's there's no
guarantee that your favorite wrestler
will win right right you know yeah yeah
pain for a subscription does not make
you a part of the creative process no no
you are so I guess if you are upset and
you want to stop paying for that
subscription that's the answer yes I
guess when you put it that way but like
again like what do they want a rematch
[Laughter]
yes you'll just take another group of
people upset now that they're exactly
yeah winning yeah this is the real thing
[Laughter]
no and by the way I don't know what I'm
talking about
we did see some with the Royal Rumble on
the television we did see some of it and
I've been trying to catch up to the news
but I read so much of these articles
about professional wrestling and it
makes me cry oh my god I respect the
athleticism of professional wrestler
professional wrestlers are really strong
and I like that about them know the
athleticism of professional wrestlers it
takes a lot of skill it takes skill to
do what they do
absolutely I'm not I'm not bashing
wrestling fans I just know nothing about
wrestling and I've been trying to
decipher why people
are so upset and what it seems to me it
boils down to a guy didn't win that I
wanted to win okay so are people on the
chat saying that's wrong I'm sure it's
more intricate than that because they're
wrestling fans now sure but now hey we
made it to the final level it's true but
everyone knows that now like there's no
there's no secret now like for what the
funny thing though is like like there
are people that are really into
wrestling and they appreciate it for the
things you said like the you know the
the skill and the athleticism look at
what they do even though it is fake the
best of the people that are really into
wrestling but then get told by somebody
that isn't a wrestling fan like you know
wrestling's fake right as if is if they
don't know at this point right like
you're talking to a grown-ass man yeah
why the great gravedigger is not real
just like related to that did you know
that boyhood did you know that movie
took 12 years to make 12 years jack did
you know that I mean it was only like a
week every year but that 12 years there
is I have so little fox boy I appreciate
all of your jokes the only reason we
keep doing at this fight that people are
like you guys must be really blood hurt
that no one agrees with you're like no
it's not even that it's just we just
think it's funny to keep going about it
the first two hours are okay and then
out from then he turns into a miserable
tour yeah I have a very low tolerance
for art and from it's not even that like
it's not like some abstract move I mean
it's very straight forward
it's oh overly simplistic and that's the
thing and that's the Richard Linklater
is like that or he just makes these very
very simple you know characters doing
stuff right before sunrise before sunset
movies and I like those cuz I like those
characters I like the kid in boyhood
I don't like but it's but it's now it's
like people are making it seem like oh
it's just this epic journey of a boy
growing into a young man and like no
it's another Richard Linklater movie
words just some people doing things like
people are and changed their perception
on it because they just shot over such a
long period of time and I don't know I'm
done with boyhood I guess I don't yeah
that's what they're saying is what's the
when did you guys start shooting the
first trailer for space I know when our
first full trailer is going to be
when was the first fit space cop 2008 or
2009
okay right around there I'm gonna hear
YouTube right now well then that's not
accurate though as far as when that
trailer results okay we shot we shot it
after the recovered so I want to say it
was around 2009 okay so not 12 years why
but we can still advertise it as bean
machine yeah so it's 50 so six six years
yeah six year did you know it took six
years to make space cop that's right
space cop is so half as good as Boyle so
by definition boyhood will be twice as
good you know I'll take that well and
we're for anyone I see some people going
wait it took six years to make they
started filming the original trailer no
no we we shot the original space cop we
shot a day and a half on it right and
everything fell apart and it was it was
a disaster Rich's eye swelled shut from
cat allergy right and people that were
supposed to show up for shoots didn't
things are much more slapdash back
though he's just fell apart so that was
yeah the original space cop was a day
and a half in 2008 or 2009
now to the current the Korean space cop
from the first shoot was in September of
last year okay well no not last year
last year's 2014 so September of 2013
okay a little over a year here omits
doing other things okay oh sorry hey I'm
sorry I'm sorry
here Tatsu thank you for subscribing and
thank you for making me interrupt J now
I'm a jerk oh my god mothership
mothership I'm moving in what you moving
in to attack oh I thought that was like
a pun for like you're the mothership I'm
moving it mothership moving on doesn't
run at all no I didn't I didn't I didn't
I do that's right Duke Nukem Forever
took 15 years to make does that make it
the boyhood of video games absolutely
yes yes eraser hood eraser hood boy hood
eraser it no someone else planned this
out via eraser head took like six or
seven years to make oh yeah yeah and
that's more impressive to keep track of
cuz you have someone that's supposed to
be the same age the whole movie you have
Jack the jack man's character seven
years he got to make sure cuz he has the
goofy big hair then you got to keep
track of that and for several years also
eraser has amazing and boy that's boring
that's pizza guy
we don't know half-life 3 is taking 8
years to make we don't even know if
they're making it we can't say it we
can't talk about it we don't even know
if they're working on a notoriously well
they know when they announce half-life 2
wasn't like before they were done oh
there were early premieres of half-life
2 that people were really disappointed
by so they had to go back to the drawing
board I couldn't remember maybe I'm
wrong ever I remember being fairly close
the amount of the voice good I mean I
from what I remember they they announced
it showed some early tests before they
updated the source engine I don't know
you know who will tell us the chat
I think the chat tell us half-life 2
leaked early 2003 so they redid parts of
it that's what I found that alright and
it came out in 2004 so we maybe we could
go a little right no I thought it a
beautician I thought I remember the
half-life 2 early leeks being like
unfinished or less than like they didn't
look good and so they they had to like
tighten stuff oh I might be thinking
about Team Fortress 2 here the original
showing of Team Fortress 2 at a very
different art styles
demo weasels is rich the picked-up XCOM
enemy within and was sucking ass until I
saw you backseat game for Jack so thanks
is why I Mexican maxi games the good of
everyone
absolutely who's my favorite superhero
it's fight or me oh god I sipped up my
hoodie and no people are wondering if
sex is happening
oh they heard zipping noises I like
spider-man my favorite superheroes did
you get myself I sang a little song
about my favorite superhero spider-man
it should be
[Music]
[Music]
and my second favorite superhero is face
down space cops not a superhero he's a
space cop you know everyday space cops
gonna be here okay well when you put it
that way
space cops space firefighters there
every day heroes in space who's my least
light superhero Superman fuck that guy
Superman's boring I think so yeah now is
that the Bible Man character or is it
the performance of Bible man by Willie
Aames no I think I think Superman
started out as a neat idea you know very
simple basic strength right then they
just kept adding shit now he's got laser
vision now he's got freeze breath now we
can fly did you notice it getting colder
in here yeah this looks someone turned
the fucking heat off who did that when I
don't know I just noticed it was off
when we turn it up when we were filming
did you not turn it back on Mike turn it
off
why did he turn it off before we started
filming oh okay so somebody turn it off
because you were filming and then no one
turned it back on that's what happened
damn it no water it's so cold in here
it's so cold in the deep look that up on
YouTube if you haven't seen it it's
amazing that's my favorite rap song
strip you've seen it right it's great
great on the music video for that just
says the best cinematography I've ever
seen in a music video I think I played
that on the stream once one of the new
years are one of the the December
streams I think
well this devil says when he was 10
Bible man came to church that was it the
real Bible man though where did he touch
you is that a legitimate question no he
touched him in his heart yeah and
convinced him to do charity work yeah
[Laughter]
I'd love the concept of Bible man yeah
because you can see I could see an
entire group of people really rallying
around that idea how should they made a
number of videos about it so no one of
our guerrilla interrupted sequels had a
Bible man character in it yeah yeah I
don't know if we ever gave a name but it
was supposed to be it was a reference to
my babe I know at some point I'm just
gonna get hit with some kind of like
laser blast or something as plastic
costume was gonna like yeah melt into
his skin and burn him yeah because he's
not a real superhero he's just a guy in
a costume
[Music]
we lost our Mantis but give us food the
greater good sure it was sacrificed to
fill the
now I just have it so cold Mindy I'm so
sorry
literally I was just sitting here like
watching rich playing just bobbing back
and forth going yeah that's all night
now apparently they played that cuz they
brought back beavis and butt-head do you
remember that a few years ago
yeah I'm TV brought back because
somebody and they apparently watch done
lad
so I think a lot of people are aware of
it from that which I I didn't know it's
on there I don't remember how I found it
I think someone showed it to me but it
reached a new level of Fame thanks to be
visited that D it's it gets cold in the
Vegas
[Music]
so I take it Micah's not coming back to
play dr. Mario I think that's the same
yes because I preface it with not but no
one would even know that there was a
possibility if you didn't just mention
it it's fine once again
mike has mentioned his wants to play dr.
Mario and then completely flaked out
well you know things happen it's okay I
knew that he wasn't coming back as soon
as she said yeah yeah we might come back
I said oh yeah on the bright side I'm
having a great game you know you're
you're doing it I don't need to go to
that stores resupply that's great good
oh my god you really did lose my Mantis
but
are you finishing that thought what no
I'm not okay no my things are going whoa
there we go there you go thank you I did
lose my Mantis bud Oh was on I'll get
right on this trolley don't you worry
you be the boolean a 90's children's
film was I believe that villain telling
a he-man villain right no like I'm like
it like the little kids in elementary
school and one of the kids getting
picked on by the bowl what else would it
be
I don't I don't know if that's right but
I know I have the giant bee man B or B
or no I'm gonna Google B he-man
character we come up with here buzz off
yeah that's the thing
I totally had that guy I did not realize
that was his name you want rich to take
power out of autopilot you can't you
can't that wouldn't do anything yeah and
you might not know the game so all the
stuff on the left side at lower left
seventh screen is interchangeable all of
those green power series you can
reorganize to give more power to some
systems and take power away all the
green power squares on the lower right
hand side that's a one-time buy you
cannot redistribute that the more you
know big fat fatty fat fat thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I find that name offensive yeah that's
fat shaming yeah yeah I got a big
problem with that
ya know I feel like that's a reference
to something big fatty fat fat fat
that bomb girls no not Freddie that fat
sorry they'll you've made the name
samosas name the guys big big fatty fat
fat fatty fat fat I mean such a naughty
Danny left along with big fat fatty big
fat fatty is one think it off could be
that's what I'm thinking of big fat
fatty fatty fatty yeah you know what
what dollar sounds somewhat similar but
not quite identical okay
big fat Betty big fat Betty you you
you're talking diet doctor awesome thank
you for subscribing and thank you for
coming back for two months we appreciate
it it might have been a reference to
something I you know I remember who was
I talking to I want to say it was Mike
we were having this conversation Mike
about Queen he's like everyone remembers
Queens hits but you know no one
remembers that b-sides at their lower
stuff and I was like those are still
great oh who cares people will remember
more awesome yeah that's the case with
most bands they have the popular songs
and they have the songs that you know
love people that pay more attention
wasn't there absolutely that's every Big
Ben
Oh big fat fatty fat fat says I'm not
fat shaming I'm no well we have been
spending most of the stream talking
about vegetables remember that room when
we're talking about vegetables sex Alton
oh that's what you call that's what you
call a prostitute skeleton mmm a sexual
dinner okay
my army of sex Sultan's fuck all of the
dread-nots the worst idea for a
children's show I've ever heard how am i
holding this sword I have no muscles his
funny muscles just not this face oh
that's right yeah you did that muscle he
wasn't actually skeleton or a skeleton
head your beefcake is that what you said
that is what I said he shot a thing it's
okay I'm almost done talking about
vegetables shit's getting crazy it's
true you know it's really good speaking
of healthy foods there's these things
called Benito's it's chips made out of
out of black beans is that true yeah
they're delicious
fucking
and down yeah yeah you gotta pick and
save they're really good
I get the chipotle BBQ yeah chips made
from black beans you're looking for a
healthy ish snack bean ito
oh my god save order those or the sweet
potato corn chips are really good
nothing on the sweet potatoes oh sweet
potatoes are fucking great I did the
super gross really all done
no no I like sweet potatoes that's okay
I accept their you have a different
palate a lot of people like super-dead I
never got him now I think I had an
unfortunate incident as a younger person
with sweet potatoes okay we're like we
never had them yeah because apparently
mom my mom just didn't make them so at a
Thanksgiving dinner there were sweet
potatoes and in my head because I didn't
know what they were I just thought their
ego fails as a regular mashed potatoes
and sweet potatoes mix them together oh
that's weird and took a big scoop fall
and it ruined everything
so I think I still have that linger okay
see I found like family gatherings like
Thanksgiving and stuff yeah whoever
makes the sweet potato whatever dish
it's always mashed sweet potatoes but
they always add like sugar and like like
brown sugar and it becomes like and
Marcy yeah it becomes like the super
sweet almost like dessert dish yeah and
like I don't like that like I don't like
super sweet things anyway yeah like I I
just like chopped up sweet potatoes and
and just just you know serum in a pan
and eat them and it's fucking delicious
it's crazy
Donna it's really good I don't
understand you I don't understand me I
like listen all I know yeah is I like
sweet potatoes
[Music]
no no I just like so you potatoes great
I don't know if this is a controversial
opinion or not but you know it is is it
there's gonna be people who like yeah J
sweet potatoes fuckin rule they're gonna
be like J you are wrong I lost all
respect for you on because of your
stance on sweet potatoes how could you
man yes and sinnerman sweet potatoes are
low in carbs it makes them much much
better than mashed potatoes or any sort
of potato sweet taste so you don't have
a sweet taste they don't leave us wheat
taste if you add fucking marshmallows
and sugar - no it's not it's not sweet
like a sweet potato they're called sweet
potatoes but they're not sweet I'm
trying to think of I'm trying to
describe the taste it's not a very
strong flavor but I like it it's cuz
like a you know since then I've had like
sweet potatoes and you know sweet potato
fries stuff like that yeah what is the
taste it's like a someone tell me what
they taste like i I I'm trying to
describe - for someone who has not had
sweet potatoes in a while which
apparently rich yeah yeah I don't know
how I would describe the taste of it
would you just tastes like sweet
potatoes like almost a little caridy a
little bit maybe a little like a cooked
carrot what's this going to be potatoes
would just say they taste like ass I
think so I am upset about J's opinion on
sweet potatoes that's clever
that's good nailed it good job nailed it
who said that
Tim Salomon's good job congratulations
yes this is redemption good job ray
first Sunday
oh yeah like it like like a mix between
a carrot and a nut that's what a sweet
potato is not a carrot Neddy it's weird
I don't like it it's weird because I
like them because they're really good
for you it makes me feel things and
thinks babies feel like doing anything
else what can I do after that now
nothing that was pretty incredible we're
right now in debating sweet potatoes I'm
gonna put this out there I think we've
run out of this is that a pretty crazy
night as far as conversation topics pink
I think we need to settle down reconvene
next week
yes core like you were a good pilot -
you'd add as many shots yes just what a
good pilot does yes Oh a reminder to
everyone Sunday we are doing a Super
Bowl yes football European friendly
stream we will be streaming starting at
1 o'clock p.m. Central Standard Time
shit's gettin crazy we're gonna play
football games and football games we're
gonna play football games and football
games yeah that's funny
you know like football is if you say
football games and football games it's
funnier because they're both the same
word it would be funnier if I said the
the different one is that we're gonna
play football games and football you can
see just like football games and the
lame one subscribed Oh detective fat
detective thank you for subscribing Oh
Jay with a rare shout-out yeah I don't
know what's happening ever but I did it
you did it Jay I saw it on the screen
and it happened you t2g football and
football
I think same football the same way both
times as funny yes sure yes I like to I
likes football
no it's not yeah but I've done other
funny things maybe Sunday early stream
is the point of story I don't care about
this joke anymore no I'm not going I
would like if you wanted an alarm clock
okay no the joke is that rich will have
to get up by noon that's that's tough
that's tough that's tough for some
people it's specifically rich um I don't
even care about the Superbowl anymore
that Packer game destroyed my soul you
could come here and play are you doing
it before the Super Bowl or just during
the Super Bowl
I don't need because I know you don't
care about the Super Bowl I don't know
when the Super Bowl is okay it's it's
later in the day
okay a little bit later what an
embarrassment
that was insane do you remember what off
wanna see Hawks had the most spectacular
comeback in in postseason football
history yeah you know they're never
gonna forget that yeah that's gonna be a
highlight for years to come absolutely
not upset and an teams finding a way to
lose yep yeah yeah it's all you're right
I know I understand these things
you you you mark the Bears but I've
never seen I think I'd choose my season
over yours in hindsight no no the
Packers had a great season I will say I
watched that last game at a bar I've
never heard a bar get so quiet
when that game was over it was like dead
silence and everybody was just sitting
there like staring at the floor victory
it was so it was oh that was miserable
they're saying that the game is that
like 6 p.m.
yeah that's usually better I don't you
know well we'll talk to the chat if they
want us to stop if they're gonna watch
the game we'll still have it done we'll
do whatever you guys want it'll be crazy
town but we figured because it's
European friendly many of them might not
be American football we don't know we're
not into American football I'm not I
don't even know what the super boys it's
pretty it's super yeah in any case
that's all we'll be around and we're we
should leave now to be done good night
everybody
