Episode 188
SUPER SUNDAY FOOTBALL (Part 2)
February 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIrnmfzqovg
___________________________________________

you may see it that's good game good
game everyone goes weird left hand right
hand shake that was yeah all right I'm
feeling a little more comfortable all
right I'm gonna be worry about that all
day
your car's yeah so I'm making funny
noise I thought I'd be gonna get out
fine get out of snow you don't need to
film with it anymore do some interiors
but I could sit the parking lot here for
that good
so what around what's happening is it's
post game ship Jack what's happens you
hit buttons yes
yes I'm sure I want to exit the game
okay okay so Mia's bears versus Jack as
the the Patriots the Patriots I mean
that the Patriots I mean the Packers the
fudge Packers hey now who do you think
is going to win keep in mind I will be
using the god-awful bears and Jack will
be using the the Packers who have one of
the best quarterbacks in football today
we're gonna play it we're gonna play one
more football and then we will play
football after we're done playing this
football oh yeah sure
we'll play football after this football
but you know listen we just learned how
to play the fucking me you should be you
should be at home okay you know we just
learned how to play the game now we need
to play now that we both know how to
play the game mark okay
brookie great ready ready yeah yeah well
bar listen we're streaming for fuckin
like two more hours or six minutes
acceleration o'clock okay like really
been going for like an hour half right
oh yeah exactly remember all the weird
stuff that happened when we started
streaming so hey well welcome I'll move
from hopefully like all of you
European people who are watching this is
you know are enjoying this I don't know
sorry like we're playing and and so we
haven't been paying attention to the
chat too much because we're playing but
if you want we could take it like a
little break and like just read the chat
for a little bit no you want you know I
feel because that right now because I
was like you the whole point of it do I
do a half time we'll do a half time yeah
let's do that because that was kind of
like part of the point of doing this as
so people could actually experience the
liveness of it sure let me let's get
through this cutscene and then we'll
pause it and we'll actually like start
talking to the jack skipping skipping
hey Cutler uh if it was a battle of
handsomeness fuck him
rich he would still lose John he looked
a little more handsome I mean he doesn't
have Olivia money did you know that that
Aaron Rodgers is dating Olivia yeah I
know I don't cut my mureeds I've got a
supermodel or something ridiculous so
great
alright let's posit okay you're gonna
have time but I thought oh and when you
said oh no it's not at all
oh sorry shit stick figure says we're
not saying anything all that great yeah
rich is eating potato chips that's great
now two cards saying I literally have no
idea what happened yeah that's that's
kind of where we are too
then your life is ruined it is I might
walk to the gas station in this weather
you're gonna walk through the snow to
get something to drink you there's like
well there's water and shit here
I won't I want something carbonated I
have I have energy drinks oh god those
are awful I love them what are they say
I say Jack you have a laptop in your lap
first time a tee-time rooster thank you
for subscribing I appreciate it and civ
three news or viñas or thank you for
subscribing seven three men zu s v3m z0r
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
and kahlúa Puffs thank you for
subscribing last two months now it's
great today Jack's neck is a is a hop
frico MKE brewing hop freak I'm only
having one beer as I eventually have to
drive home in this terrible terrible
weather so I figured it would be a good
one and I'd start drinking it as soon as
possible I have some lays sour cream and
onion potato chips nothing to wash it
down with oh how terrible listen Rachel
I'm not gonna stop you if you want to go
walking it I just think it's a silly
idea okay um Jack you should watch some
Farscape yeah yeah we all know how well
that went
you know I'm a fan of Farscape and Jack
is allowed not to like Farscape I'm not
gonna get on Jack's ass for not watching
it he did I'm gonna give him credit no
I'm actually gonna give him credit for
giving it a shot I gave it a shot he
didn't like it that's fine I gave I gave
you know was the European stream I gave
Doctor Who is shot
right I didn't get into it and that's
equally as baffling to me but we're
different people with different tastes I
think I think I made it into like eight
episodes of doctor who performs like
that's C that's crazy to me cuz
obviously for all the European fans
everyone knows that the first episode of
the the Reeb that's not a reason it's
technically not a reboot but the new
Doctor Who
starting with what's-his-face what's his
dad Nicholson Eccleston the the first
episode Rose is terrible I I almost
stopped watching with that when manikins
cried to take over the earth like what
what the fuck is this terrible I think I
think my problem with Doctor Who is
tone-wise I'm not sure what it's
supposed to be isn't is it light-hearted
comedy or is it serious science fiction
it nice to be both yeah and I know is
the I I thought I did a really good job
of riding that line between kind of like
real things are at stake but they're
they're handling it in an adventure kind
of way so it's a little light-hearted I
thought it they they wrote the line but
but bow by the way these are just our
opinions and yes you have different
apiece
I understand many people both in Europe
and the states love Doctor Who and
that's fine thing
yeah it's just it wasn't for me yeah
hello you know what I don't know what
there's one thing I like about dr. what
the theme the theme Doctor Who is an
awesome thing yeah rich don't say you
can sing when you do thoughts it sounds
like Doctor Who's TV showed all for the
boost is fair
goes through time hiiii
he gets citizen people killed because
he's lonely
by the way safety and numbness has a
really good point there there was a
spinoff of Doctor Who called Torchwood
which took a character from the Doctor
Who series and gave him his own little
show that was also kind of like alien
paranormal investigation and they said
it's basically high-budget fan fiction
yeah hundred percent true man Torchwood
I'm a Doctor Who fan or I was until I
got bad and I couldn't watch - when did
dr. Furr get back let's talk about this
for the Europeans for everybody I'm not
I'm starting to sound weird by saying
for the Europeans so much because I was
kind of a gimmick you know straight
would early today but for everybody
because everybody promptly cares a
little bit yeah you got it got bad I you
know and keeping track of the seasons is
really tough but it got bad as soon as
as soon as the the season after the
silence if anyone remembers the silence
it was this beautiful enemy the silence
is an alien who has the power of making
you forget them as soon as you look away
and so you can only you know when you
see them you see them and you're
terrified because they're like this
super creepy like Slenderman alien
laughing and as soon as you look away
you forget all existence of them okay
and so they had these amazing episodes
and so like the people who are fighting
them would would like certain marking on
their hands all this time they would see
them right with little like how do they
know to do that in the first place
because they knew or something it
doesn't matter I forget it's been a
while and so like you would have these
amazing scenes where like these long
slow shots where they're they're like
really scared of finding an alien and
all of a sudden they look at their arm
and there's like 20 hash marks after
that it got really bad as soon as they
revealed that the Statue of Liberty was
actually an alien oh yes yes the Statue
of Liberty was it was something called a
weeping angel and it walked across the
city to kill the doctor
what is this Ghostbusters - right right
that's when it started again really
really bad and then the season after
that is and then they they added a new
character who was terrible and and then
I stopped watching because this is bad
so here's here's a question because I'm
I wasn't getting into the the Eccleston
Eccleston the Eccleston season yeah what
I everyone so is the David Tennant is
when it gets good that's when people
really should I just skip what give
David Tennant doctor who was shot what
you should probably do yeah if you're
gonna do that you need to we need to
stack the deck in your favor okay so if
you if you're gonna give it one more
episode mm-hmm watch blink blink blink
okay blink is that a David Tennant
that's a David Tennant it's David
Tennant and it's a Martha and who's
Martha right all right
doesn't matter that David Tennant still
had rose no no we he doesn't have Rosie
a new companion Martha and it is a
superbly written sci-fi it's perfect
Doctor Who
okay is what it is where it's science
fantasy but enough of the science
fiction to get you into it and yet if
you have to want if you have to watch
one more episode blink watch blink and
then you can gain an appreciation and go
back what is what is the chat say about
this jack gets it right is what they
said okay play game listen we're talking
to you guys I thought you might enjoy it
if we toss you a headline I can we've
been talking to each other about that no
we're not did the chatter we kind of we
kind of punted the ball haha oh that's
true um Tennant is a great actor who's
wasted on Doctor Who blink is an awful
choice for the first episode
you are you are incredibly wrong blink
is a wonderful episode yes theater watch
blink
yes I've seen broadchurch really enjoyed
broadchurch I can't wait for the next
season Jack you have chosen the right
episode absolutely blink is the best
ever blink
yeah blink blink is so good there there
are other better written episodes there
are other episodes that deal with his
character better but blink has one of
the most amazing villains ever okay and
I won't give you too much but it has a
super amazing amazing villain and so
it's a great episode watch it go watch a
blink and we can talk about that did you
do sure I shouldn't just watch Star Trek
Voyager or watch Star Trek boys are easy
I don't remember which one midnight is I
can't tell the launch at 1:00 and you're
right there saying that blink is is a
bit of a non-traditional episode okay
which is what makes it so spectacular
okay but because it's one of the best
like okay watch blink blink was a good
one I also really enjoyed the the first
Matt Smith doctor episode okay we got a
new doctor and a new companion in in one
episode the companion things kind of
creepy is not know they they could they
kind of explain it takes innocent people
and he puts their lives in horrible
danger yeah for why because he's bored
well I think they kind of explain that
not because he's bored because it helps
give him context to the things that he's
doing it helps it gives him his humanity
cuz he's not you know he's an alien the
concept is as bad as Robert Wood that
man in Robin what do you mean taking a
child and putting him in danger because
no Robin you know better having Robin as
the sidekick makes Batman a horrible
person
how many Robins have been named injured
raped murdered and their their kids
basically you know he's the parent he's
their legal guardian it's terrible
yeah it's that man should not have a
Robin I think Batman should ever Robin
oh god no I love know I hate Robin
I like Robin Robin is awful I like Robin
I like the I like the father-son dynamic
I think that's yeah you like Batman
being a terrible person I do is what
you're saying yes well I hear some dodge
these bullets here's why I really like
it it's one of the very few things that
actually gives Batman some character and
so like watching Batman try to balance
you want if you want a character dealing
with humanity and dealing with problems
you've read spider-man if you want to
read incredible badass who always knows
what to do in any given situation yeah
it was not really a realistic human
being you read Batman
I don't read Batman to see me humanized
I read I read Batman to see him like put
somebody who's sneaking up behind him
but he's not even looking at them he
just like does a little backhand punch
thing even though there's no way to know
there's somebody behind them he just
knows because he's Batman and he's that
good he's super smart he knows he knows
what he's doing that's the appeal of
Batman not they have this kid hiding him
that's Batman I like I like that about
Batman you're kicking off and see that's
the thing that's what I like about but I
I want all of my characters to have a
character you know oh Jesus that's good
kick off yeah I felt really I'm really
nope that was wrong move wrong move
sorry guys we got a little distracted
talking
what is your teleporter strategy for FTL
those guys keep dying you gotta get him
back yeah gotta get him back in time you
send your guys Oh make sure you take out
their med bay before you attempt to
board
oh this that's really important and then
when you beam your guys in beam them
into the med bay so they cannot repair
it yes that's a really good strategy
yeah cuz if they have their med bay
they're just gonna fight heal up and
continue and don't and don't like board
with engies or or zoltan's right we find
find yourself a rock man in a mantis I
don't think I made any yards on that no
I think you made some I think you made
about five okay is Jack Rich's Robin
am I your Robin rich no no you're not a
teenager and I'm not gonna get you
killed
yeah TJ no I
I like Batman having a little bit of a
Carrie I mean you're right you're
absolutely right in your assessment that
Batman is just the super badass and
that's his fish Nick yeah but III look
for a little bit more in that and in my
in my heroes God at least it wasn't an
interception
well no Cutler soon oh hold on streams
frozen I see that I see that the stream
is frozen the video is for osnome we
pass we can there you go okay I see that
the video is frozen I know it's because
the the capture device got a little
frozen give it a second
do-do-do-do-do-do
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo and what is
your final answer
what is it on Jeopardy it's not final
answer what is your I don't know
whatever oh we got a close our capture
device for fuck's sake I'm gonna I'm
gonna go whiz rich is going to go be
which is gonna go fee rich is gonna pee
check on the snow oh my god I don't know
if you just heard
we're in say holy fuck balls bana that's
the thing that happened that's the thing
that just happened I want
what's up Bridge
hold on our our capture device is not
closing down which is frustrating to say
the least
and I tried to control all deleting it
and that didn't seem to work give me a
second
give me a second
we're closing it down we're closing it
down how are you guys streaming this oh
uh we are running our ps4 into I have a
hull pouch capture device and then we
are doing a window recording of the hall
punch capture and that's how we are and
we're using open broadcaster we'll use
open broadcaster because it's a fine
streaming service it's free stream and
it's a free streaming service but it's
also you know it works very well it
takes a little getting used to dududu
starting device now can we have a
sing-along stream absolutely Jay welcome
hey Jay we we made it we might be snowed
in I might have to cut rich open and
sleep inside his belly that's the thing
that might happen
I get it I get the reference like you're
it I got a pod time can you unplug that
box and plug it back oh my god wait a
little bit jay says I can't believe you
went out in this crap well I got I
didn't dig myself out of the snow three
times on the way here Jay I may have
destroyed the curb I got I also got
stuck in the parking lot not gonna
shovel out my car now makes a funny
noise and I'm terrified
porcupine treason thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
listen Jay we are committed rich and I
are committed we told people we were
streamed today yep so that's what we are
here fucking doing we are in it even a
motherfucking winning what a fuck I am
now though I am legitimately terrified
sure that I've got major car problems as
you should be by the way as you should
be I don't mean to cuz making a little
bit of goofy noise like when you put
like a baseball card and your in your
your bike spikes your spokes yeah it's
making that kind of a noise and maybe
I'll start her up maybe it'll be fine
mmm I have to pray that it is cuz I mean
really what are you doing but just
gunning the car you know I mean
technically is the same thing as driving
really fast right can you can you kill a
car just by driving it really fast I
mean when's the last time you had the
car serviced
tomorrow tomorrow there we go that's a
good answer
you know something that really helps
something that really helps the car's
longevity is regular service and
maintenance rich okay here we go here we
go guys we're back in it it's 73 degrees
where you are come on man it is there is
so much snow outside right now got it
you got it that's all that matters
they're getting rich they're giving you
crap too for not servicing your car
regularly it is usually Ponton
all right here we go
here we go have you ever changed your
car's oil yes okay okay I'm overdoing
your overdue for analysis
okay that's usually what a little fuck
up a car um easy pace easy please don't
punt don't punt
yeah yeah I took a big gamble yeah feel
like the Bears are gonna stop it I mean
he will because I'm pretty bad at this
game
okay here we go here we go rich you do
need to be cool about car safety here we
go here we go now and go we're not there
we go there we go slow slow and steady
slow and steady 70 okay under 76 mom I
have been just little bit I might even
like 71 sure okay that's not bad
gonna do it did I do anything so 13
inches now there's an inches wolf wolf
wolf I we just got to push it over line
guys push it over it's all you gotta do
oh we gotta do we need a big man we need
a big man to push it over
don't let the car talk get in your head
rip it is that happens I kind of want to
go we'll just see if it starts right now
we could take you a little break in a
bit yeah take a half time break take a
breather okay all right now that's fine
that's fine stops the clock I don't know
if that's important but I don't we made
yards that's all that matters
you made yards
second down richest car richer cars holy
fuck just give up fuck how did you do
that
gosh darn it
she's like a rollover Jack please say
sectoid 'he's the way you say sectoid I
think we were saying it like the guy
from those other commercial points
sectoid sectoid second point all right
you're trying to distract I was not
trying to rich your car is fine thank
you for subscribing we appreciate it and
I you know I think snow I think we're
just gonna be fine
oh damn I think he worries I think rich
isn't worried yeah everything yeah
everything always goes wrong I'm so used
to everything going wrong all the time
that I worry about everything it's sucks
to be me sometimes but we appreciate
that rich your car's gonna be fine
back into the
that was not me at all that was all AI
right there all a I trust me even
looking and looking at his digital face
looks more through a lot
I'm sorry I'm really really sorry rich I
wish I knew more about football here
oh Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
someone's saying fuck the Super Bowl
tonight shit is really gonna go down on
Downton Abbey right right
what is that Downton Abbey what is that
it's a PBS masterpiece theater show
about old-world like royalty and maids
and butlers that's not know what that
sounds interesting
it's a that's fine show it's fine it's
kind of like around I think it takes
place a little after World War one and
so you know it's like kind of the old
regime dying out in the news them young
flappers are coming up you know it's fun
it's a fun I want to say the the last
episode I I can't lose her watching they
had just gotten a radio and it was a big
controversy whether or not Downton Abbey
should have a radio
come on come on
I don't know I don't know who these
people are you tell me to pass it to I'm
sorry say say give it to square triangle
or circle right that's literally all I
know sometimes our one sometimes there's
an all one-offs
yeah yeah okay here we go
Oh nope I press the wrong spin button
Downton Abbey starts just before before
World War one the second season largely
takes place during the war yeah and I
think it's great it's very fun you know
like it follows the the lord of the
manor and of course he has all these
servants and you know like he employs
them so he basically like employs the
towel you know so the abbey the Downton
Abbey is there any way I can play as the
we have legacy teams I bet I mean they
usually do right they usually do
after that run it's still third here we
go here we go here we go boom boom hey
you're welcome for recommending
broadchurch David Tennant is a fine
actor and you get to hear his in broad
search you get to hear his natural
Scottish accent which is very for
someone like me who was a doctor who fan
like he's right pitch was nice it was a
nice show oh oh you fuck
who are you 90 87 one night fuck cans
get your hands
yes Madden is the FIFA of the USA
there's a new Madden game every year and
it's basically a graphics update and a
roster change this is a game that badly
badly needs just like a seat and like a
season pass like bye buddy here get a
roster change right exactly
oh no I don't want to pass to him I
didn't want to pass him Circle was only
that's the only way I'm gonna win Circle
was wide open by getting a bunch of
interceptions circle was wide open this
is challenging right now this is a real
game you're driving a Ferrari I'm
driving a VW Beetle you sure but I'm
driving a Ferrari like without any
thumbs just cuz I I don't yet really
know what I'm doing
and I like I think you have a better
grasp on just football in general
not on the game just in football in
general I'm not making excuses no
excuses I'm just there tell the truth
did you is there a throw away this is a
little bit like fog okay
yes yeah we do definitely want to do a
WWE Royal Rumble stream with wizard I
think that would be really fun oh shit I
didn't I was I was reading your chat
okay that's fine I think that'd be
really fun like we'll spend some time
we'll create custom characters and and
just kind of let the AI Rumble while we
chat about stuff so yes I do that's
gonna happen I don't know how soon it's
gonna happen because just because wizard
Josh is scheduled is the is the toughest
for all of us
get there get there everyone stop
everyone across the line that's all that
matters oh is that true in apparently in
Madden 16 no announcer will say Redskins
that's funny
shit just calm Washington yes I also
don't know the play epic it's gonna be
fun this is a ps4 this is a PlayStation
4 we are playing on now and this is the
newest Madden NFL 15 very exciting stuff
oh shit I could have gotten Madden 25th
anniversary edition but I didn't really
know what that was I was there I almost
cut learned it I was there but like that
one who said it like had like a
different engine or something was
different about that and so the newest
one
yeah they can make
did you catch it
bounce sure oh it what sports games and
sports like this is sports as a gray
checked all of our local like classic
game stores we have a couple and none of
them had a great selection of like
classic sports games but you fucks you
fucks get him man 25 is 14 Oh is 14 okay
I guess I'm gonna gut this one out Jack
yeah I did already talked about watching
many of you interview but I will talk
about it again I really enjoyed it I was
not being sarcastic when I tweeted that
it won me over it absolutely did because
I don't like Seth Rogen generally but I
thought for once like his performance
was spot-on he was more of a straight
character he was the setup man fuckin
tackle so I I really enjoyed it I
thought it was a really funny movie had
some intensely good gags and in a very
satisfying ending ending sequence so
yeah I really recommend the interview
it's on Netflix right now really
recommend it highly highly recommended
wide receivers are bunched up who's
gonna take the stamp from the shotgun
he's gonna be tackled yeah Franco like
the thing about Franco is he's doing a
character and he was very annoying in
the first like 5-10 minutes like he's
talking and he's a little annoying but I
still thought he was like throughout the
movie he's a very consistent character
and and it's played very well come on
yeah Franco is supposed to be annoying
and and it's it wasn't like he was doing
a bit that was his character and it was
very consistent throughout the whole
movie and he was the goofy one I thought
it worked great I've really enjoyed that
birthday and it was such a great
contrast to Rogen kind of being the
everyman the setup character where
Franco is a little more flamboyant a
little more out there that I mentioned
that every time I see Marc Trestman face
in this game I want to throw up yeah he
did mention that but you should I mean
take a minute mention it again every
time I see my parents face in this game
I feel like throwing up that's okay dr.
kovac at if you can't tolerate those
guys you know that's that's your deal
and and like I said I I don't know why I
watched it I don't much care for Seth
Rogen I really like I felt kind of mad
about pineapple express oh I felt really
mad about pineapple express yeah but
this had really good gags really solid
gags if anyone has seen it and
remembered like the real moment that it
it's super won me over was the during
the tiger segment without giving too
much away happy had me literally
laughing out loud
watching it by myself which is a tough
thing for accommodating
yes
don't be peanutbutter jealous that's
right or like it makes me gag no no yeah
that's fine
listen guys you do you you'll if you
like if you dislike it then you dislike
it if you like it then you like it I
like that I thought it was fun
and I specifically used the word like
won me over because I'm usually not a
fan of that and and he did they want me
something that should be noted though is
I did watch that I watched the interview
right after watching macGruber and so I
was kind of like I was prime you know
like I had seen an opening act basically
and I was already in a comedy space so
it's a lot of watching watch it when you
can yeah and so I don't know if that had
anything to do with it like I'd already
watched a comedy and I mostly enjoyed
macGruber and so that could have been
part of it oh I don't know if I'm doing
I'm clicking circle as soon as you throw
it and then I'm just pressing X madly so
I don't know if that's actually doing
anything to stop you from getting it
they hate us because they ain't us
that's right that's right no Franco like
you know he Franco plays kind of a mark
McGrath you know who like used to have a
music career and is now just like an
entertainment reporter so Franco's an
entertainment reporter he's really like
eccentric and fashionable and
metrosexual you know and he it's it's
super consistent throughout the entire
movie and it's great I really I should
have watched Corky Romano no no I don't
think I should have I'm sorry I really
think I really think it's full of great
gang's both oh I'm sorry what oh I'm
sorry what I'm sorry what well this is
certainly a Bears game whoa fuckin whoo
guys fucking press X to Lambeau leap
motherfucker
boom bihter gun bytes gun that's what it
is bite gun thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated
fuck the Barris
these days easy pace tenten tenten
tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten
tenten tenten ah don't wanna work i
wanna bang on the drum
I guess what you bury my girl all day
hey hey hey fake
you took my car God must you take this
to Emory good luck on your interview
tomorrow is it a job interview or
something else Phil Emory Emory 801 that
might have been a joke do do do
oh oh oh and they say oh rich believes
in GAD now rich believes in the Old
Testament God the one who pisses on
everything okay that's what's in the
book that's what's in your book you
can't you can't just disregard these
things cuz they're inconvenient right
Jay Cutler sucks I think I might have
done that I clicked on another person I
don't know if I did anything but Jack
shut up shut up knowingiy does nobody
gives a fuck when you went outside
Covina probably that no one cares no one
cares one second
take your time they're saying they're
saying stop running out of the pocket so
much rich you're you're backing up and
you know like yeah yeah and apparently
apparently your quarterback has such a
weak arm if you back up even a couple of
yards yeah okay my interception doesn't
mean anything no okay did you see that
press our stick to throw away oh I
didn't there is a very like press down
and our stick to throw oh really yeah
wait I kickoff
he'll take it from the one
where's your option to jump over people
oh that would be great I'm sure it's one
of the button did you try triangle do we
know a triangle does the sudden like a
Cutler has a purple space bazooka I
don't think so
yeah space kimonos you know it's bad
when they're taking football advice from
me this is it we know nothing about
nothing
triangle equals hurdle that's what
they're saying okay I was okay there's
buttons rich they're just buttons all
wrong yeah yeah yeah oh wait I might
have pressed the wrong question yeah all
right okay okay okay okay
they could be lying you're right they
absolutely could be lying what if
triangles like drop the ball yeah
it could be you're absolutely right they
usually yes so I like to think I'm
starting to get this game maybe I mean
it's it's kind of simple
um someone was asking like as a comedian
do you feel comedy can to be very
decisive like how a drama can be
accessible for many people but comedies
more of an acquired and there are many
types it's true there are many styles
really it's less about style more about
kind of like flow you know you had for
certain comedians you have to get into a
flow and that was that was actually a
really hard thing for me with the from
the Gruber
macGruber had a very uneven flow about
it the the individual bits were very
good but like if you were to compare
like macGruber to say like make a gun or
an airplane movie or like an old-school
comedy very fast and straight forward
comedic flow to it whereas I think a lot
of modern comedies just want the gag and
they don't care about like the
in-between gags or setup or pacing so I
I wouldn't say it's decisive but it's
one of those things where if you know
you it's like music you have to find the
artist that you like and stick with that
the other weird thing about macGruber is
it looked so good this might be a weird
criticism but that movie just looked
great like it looked like it was shot
beautifully and that really contrasted
with the gags cuz I always wanted it to
look like a cheesy old sitcom like a
look at MacGyver sitcom but all the
shots were beautiful and the lighting
was really dynamic and that was actually
really distracting to some of the comedy
just because it looked so professional
you know but I wanted it to look a
little cheaper and I'm skinned right
right well and also like it's basically
making fun of MacGyver you know
oh my god I didn't tackle you there spin
motherfucker
Casius firm Thank You of her subscribing
was live and thus should pretty she ate
it
thank you Kevin couldn't see here's a
firm shit might have been offsides there
of the salary trick right look so cheap
and crappy absolutely J and that was a
big problem with my name with macGruber
I think you're absolutely right game and
so like if they would have taken some
time to shoot it a little flatter
checked it out once more right I went to
the next I don't think we've seen
whiplash have you seen no I have not
seen whiplash I'm sorry how do I reply
directly to user hit at at the user's
name and you'll reply directly to them I
really think I am doing something when I
switched to a person I kind of like
moods
yeah like in and I'm sitting on my foot
no see it's okay everybody
the foot fell asleep okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay go Packers go
what does that mean
what happens if i intercepted in and I
means I get all the points no that does
not may be real points what does that
actually mean what does that actually
mean where do I start now we'll find out
this is so weird
I just start like in the Enzo okay I
started on that okay no no no this is
stopped right there that's fine that's
fine jack is winning the pole what pole
you know he's he's using the Green Bay
Packers I'm using the Bears remember
rich has an incredible handicap because
they use real-world stats to like affect
the math for their characters in the
game
boom oh nice so remember like we did
this because rich won the last game yeah
this is my chance to like the basically
rich wanted me to win this one and so
then we'll do it we'll have to do a
tiebreaker with Madden 98 we should go
to FIFA next oh we should probably feel
FIFA next yeah you're right okay
having rich to them arrested
what you guys could put a sub counter up
on the screen I don't know what that is
or how to do that like how many
subscribers we have I don't know if you
can do that maybe you can watch me not
know anything what yeah
but the quarterback has not been real
sharp lacy lines up in the backfield I
chose a running play I chose a running
play I chose a motherfucking running
play we put you through the ball why did
you do that I chilled a running play hey
are you sure I am 100% sure are you sure
yeah cuz like the running plays are read
in the passing plays of blows did you
get a run button I've I mean that's
possible yes wow that's almost certainly
possible
I mean it's do you think it's more
likely that you got a run button or the
game decided to pick a different play
for you oh I know I hate again but 100%
I hit a wrong button all I'm saying is
like that you know that's why this is
why I was confused and I was scared
god dammit well at least you're this
fucking far back
you couldn't catch that covered covered
damn it oh shit I got a pic play
the check throwing up yeah which
throwing up many times
okay oh no and I haven't seen black mare
yet I know black mirror was suggested to
me but I have not seen it yet I'm
looking forward to watching I in fact I
forgot about it it's the real thing
I like that animation
should've had it that's crazy rich that
is crazy
that's burst football that's better
oh I did see the samurai cop too trailer
originally you see the seminar
I didn't see the samurai copter trailer
it looks appropriately ridiculous it
looks like they might just try to make
an actual movie with a kind of a cheap
budget there's one line read from the
guy from the room yeah Tommy Wiseau
there's one line read from Tommy Wiseau
and he flubs his line but they keep it
in the trailer yeah so I've heard of us
a car not a real release it was a
mistake oh like it was leaked yes I
heard yeah I don't know it looked like
an official it was I mean it looks it
looks like they might be trying to make
an actual movie it looks like they are a
little self-aware but you know we'll see
I trailer is a trailer
which would we ever consider running a
contest to let a fan Skype in during not
doing things that go horribly wrong yes
what turn down for what
easy mother fucking easy boom got it
nailed it done
don don i mean so it rich answered that
question about letting a fans there's
way too many variables yeah way too many
variables as far as that is concerned
you know like i would be concerned about
like just even if it was someone I
barely knew just coming in you know like
that's what it would be basically
someone I barely know coming in and
being on the show right yeah that's a
like yeah if it's someone we don't know
I'm not on no we're not doing
also if we remember what happened last
time we had tried to have Collin Skype
in during a sprint yes
skyping it skyping it in general like
that's a one-on-one a situation and
never during a group stream will we try
to Skype again this is a real thing
bababooey bababooey
fuck right I don't even know if Baba
Booey me I say suck Howard Stern's
asshole rising up exactly exactly
that's a funny comment why are there no
women in this game it's so sexy that's
funny Oh rich wasn't as impressed by
like Jesus Christ did you catch that you
fuck all the time in the world all the
time in the world
okay okay
shit shit shit shit nope
oh shit you guys it just got real
it just got real what do we do what do
we do is just got real yes we do not
speak of the Skype incident it was if
anyone either like wasn't here for that
or didn't watch the replay of the Skype
incident it was the largest clusterfuck
Oh with Colin with Kabul yeah we were
not prepared we we couldn't hear him
everything was terrible so no we will
not we will not be group skyping anyone
for anything yeah
taking it absolutely here's how you do
you you just don't know if you just
don't worry when he takes any
automatically I don't want to run it
they've just taken me
all right
you missed the Skype incident that's
good that's good I want to say that was
during the called that that heroes 3d
document that was during the 3d Dot Game
Heroes incredible debacle
Lawson Technicolor you were wrong I
should not have run the ball because
that was great what just happened
we'll have to check that out I need to
know don't check it out on YouTube it
was a clusterfuck 100%
three deep calm yeah that's fine jack
confirmed for hating Colin I've never
met Colin you know what I am
I'm jealous because Colin got to use the
body wrap these are called mastic I'm
jealous I wanted to use the body
get that first you get that first you
there's a one there's a flag on the play
no okay fairly not burning out
everything's fine no sleep will prevail
don't don't wish death on anyone who's
he wishing death on he said George Lucas
should die know what that is that's not
nice I think I hit you in the head
okay okay here we go
and now they'll try over again on second
we kind of did an episode on
kickstarter-funded game well you know we
did it we did an episode on early access
games and
you know I think rich made one of the
best points ever during that during that
discussion because you know in general I
was not for early access games and I'm
usually Kickstarter is obviously a
tricky subject but rich made a really
good point which is whether no matter
how a game is funded it could be good or
it could be great it doesn't matter if
the funding comes from the fans comes
from early access comes from you know
wherever right it could be a stinker of
a game and so a Kickstarter game could
be a stinker a hundred percent chance
yes you're you're you're taking a gamble
well boom boom that's a great one
that was a great run so I think I think
rich actually changed my mind a little
bit on early access that comic because I
thought it was really insightful comment
is we you know there have been the good
ones are what stick out right yeah
you're FTL's
yeah which was a kick-started game the
good ones really stick out and so we
have kind of higher expectations when we
are putting money upfront
Oh press X - I believe that's by the way
that's the song that plays whenever a
packer I don't care which is why I am
saying it I don't care shut up something
died and I die yes Thank You drugs we
are going to play fifa after this
hundred percent gonna play fifa after
this
yeah the actual song sounds completely
different oh that's because jack is not
a talented singer come on
yeah my guys both to to to to to to
takes it from the two right you were
wrong but this so I was not touching
anything you started my faith did it yes
maybe you were you oh I could you have
to be in the endzone take a knee that's
how you okay
I don't know these things I don't even I
know that one yeah well yeah and like so
we'll play fifa and then depending on
how light we want to stay we will play
Super Nintendo Madden 98 or you have to
hit back on the stick to go into the
endzone or anything no I took a knee by
not pressing anything I literally just
took all fingers off of all buttons and
my guy took a knee automatically
boobs are butt but I think I've made
that very clear with my love of Kim
Kardashian and Nicki Minaj this is
previously recorded live it's not
previously recorded it's live
so it's previously recorded live yes
which is the whole reason we named the
show previously recorded is so we could
eventually do a live episode and
previously we did we didn't like this
the the twitch streaming came later
after the inception of previously
recorded but we know we wanted to name
it something a little nebulous exactly
so for games it's fine yeah the more
games we want the name doesn't say we
would PlayStation 3 games right right
and and so then I want to say it was
rich who came up with the idea for
previously recorded live or previously
recorded yeah and then and then we would
joke that we could do a live event
previously recorded live and then of
course the ultra fun is when you watch
the YouTube stream it is a previously
recorded version of previously recorded
live previously recorded live previously
recorded right that's what it is that's
exactly what it is wait I have the ball
now
yeah you missed the fourth day I got 26
seconds and I'm down by 14 points well I
just wasn't paying attention
I just wasn't paying attention you could
take a knee in the game so I'm not
taking any good
why did you do a timeout I didn't I
didn't do it I'm right here
it automatically did a timeout because
it thought that was the correct thing to
do you sure yeah I didn't press anybody
I'm not running out of the clock you
know I'm gonna do him with oh well that
was smart
it was totally dumb what do you mean
take the meat in this thrown out of
bounds
I hate that we got good place again and
everything now I hate taking me Jesus
fuck taking a knee is an insult to the
game you know what I'm I'm just setting
the controller down I'm gonna go scratch
my ass
do it you move anyway when you're not yo
yeah your character moves anyway their
character like I like it yeah yes
absolutely that's here is now it'll time
out yeah we're gonna wait mister I won't
take a knee you got a sack by not doing
anything
Richie's leaving
good it's good we did it we did it rich
your life's riches gone now rich is not
here anymore he didn't wanna he did not
want to watch his bears lose yes this
game 100% plays itself now we're gonna
kick I'm gonna pick riches play for him
let's see what happens if rich just
doesn't touch the controller
look at that rich is not doing anything
right now
rich didn't do anything this is amazing
thank you for subscribing yes Kentucky
route zero that looks fun that looks fun
and interesting looks like a good good
style I am interested did I threw it
away I didn't press any buttons but
what a memorable game everybody that's
great
