Episode 194
Necrodancer... man
February 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEtEtt2wNZc
___________________________________________

what I click that a link I shouldn't
click on links link yes is it related to
Pig fucking I have no idea
I'll tell her guys telegin I'm watching
that thing you're like I can only see
related to pig fucking because it's
called squeal fuckers
making a double feature at the
documentary about the guy who fucked a
horse what was that called again zoo
just Gazoo yeah it's called zoo I still
haven't seen mode
hey Jay yes have you seen the youtuber
every frame of painting
no I haven't but it's been brought to my
attention a lot lately so I guess I
should check it out I don't know if it's
just a guy that reviews movies that
probably won't be interested if it's
something different than that like
essays or something maybe every frame of
painting makes it sound like I don't
know maybe Oh does he paint picture
frames are you saying that J's frames
are ugly they are they're all black you
see that if you see the frames in the
best of the worst screams normal black
friends they're appropriate though for
the movies that they're framed well you
don't need anything more complicated
than a plain black frame for Hollywood
cop maybe you're just not trying hard
I'm not because I don't care oh and
someone else mentioned film critic Hulk
I've been linked to his articles I've
skimmed um
he seems intelligent I cannot get past
the all-caps thing I cannot read all
caps it hurts my brain because it's
short ya know he writes essays I guess
they're intelligent they're well liked
written there but I that's what I hear
anyway I can't read them yeah I guess
that's the gimmick is that it's Hulk but
he's being intelligent about movies but
he still refers to himself in the third
person and he types on caps and I I
can't get past that okay personally so I
don't understand why he needs a gimmick
but yeah whatever that's his thing is
that too long for you guys on the TV
how would I oh I say someone mentioned
Plinkett when I talked about a review
that's in a gimmick form but the Plinkett
reviews are comedic and I didn't from
what I skimmed of The Hulk stuff it's not
there's nothing like it's just written
like a normal person would write
something yeah like there's no jokes or
there's nothing related to and being
Hulk right from what I've seen I mean
maybe I'm wrong but well and while we
like the Plinkett character I could see
I could easily see someone not liking
the voice oh sure that happens all the
time yeah so maybe it's like that's the
case with me with the Hulk one but I
just don't see what the when the rest of
the writing is just completely normal
there's no jokes there's nothing related
to being Hulk I don't understand just
writing in all caps and saying you're
Hulk so it's possible I'm missing
something I haven't read enough to
really say if you just if you don't like
the character that he's writing in then
yeah that's part of it let's say and it
just hurts my eyes reading the all-caps
I just don't like doing it I think
that's fair enough why you gotta hate
Jake yeah I'm not my hater who was the
guy who made the crowdfunding for his
YouTube channel but never delivered on
his promise I'm sure a ton but you if
you're talking about Harry Knowles yeah
you might be specifically talking about
Harry Knowles he's made many jokes about
Harry domes cool news who apparently had
a large tax bill and then raised a bunch
of money for a YouTube show equal to
that large know the tax thing is
unrelated it's unrelated the fact that
right after reaching their Kickstarter
goal and getting the money the fact that
he bought a new car right after that I'm
sure that's unrelated to the fact that
he has not made that new thing
yeah it's been like two years he just
hasn't done it
teller god no I will not watch squeal
have you ever read any of Harry Knowles
writing no it's it's horrible it's like
a 12 year old yeah
yeah he's terrible writer I think he got
popular because there was no one else at
the time when that sight was coming up
there was no one I was doing that cool
inacol news yeah yeah no I I think I've
been to that website a couple times
didn't much care for yeah well it's
completely useless in this day and age
there's so many other places to get
information but it started that was the
place to go I remember even back in the
day not liking the site yeah I didn't
like the layout no yeah it's always been
ugly it's still ugly right Rick
Nick you bun Necco bun is how you
pronounce that neck Oh bud
oh you're a now you didn't subscribe
you're now hosting where's that mean I
don't know what that means neck abundant
hosting hosting life oh no it's this
neck o bun is now hosting you for two
viewers oh okay that's great knuckleball
what does that mean but we appreciate Oh
c-3po tato thank you for subscribing we
appreciate that
so the past two months now sweet CD
potato
apparently when someone is hosting us it
means that he is showing us on his
stream okay no great so he's streaming a
stream he's streaming her streams so
that he can have his own chat okay okay
okay wait for those losers that's what
he said
oh yeah he's like sir Sir hairy man fat
is is talking there sir Hilary man fat
is talking about showing people the Star
Wars reviews and loving people loving
the inside but hating the care
oh yeah that's pretty common yeah I mean
that's that's that's there right
what are what our favorite Milwaukee
restaurants besides Culver's and Taco
Bell Milwaukee has shit food that's not
true rich is a fucking liar rich has
never been anywhere in Milwaukee he has
no idea what he's talking about rich has
apparently never been to a restaurant in
Milwaukee we have amazing restroom you
really haven't you have no right to make
that claim rich though the places are in
downtown Milwaukee I don't know as much
about but local area around here well
this isn't missing are you sure we're in
the burbs man there's no restaurants
here there's Culver's and Taco Bell
exactly that's what you get no there's
lots of great look where I used to live
there were a ton of great dives dive I
call them dive independent fast-food
places grateful we're not talking about
fast-food places we're talking about
real places real food
I used to love ID I'm not there nearly
as much anymore but I used to love the
palomino in Bayview they redid
everything the food everything there is
made from scratch it's really good I'm
just not there much anymore I used to go
there all the time didn't they didn't
they change their food or something they
did they well they started making
everything from scratch they made it
more of a restaurant unless before it
was a bar that had food yeah now it's
more of a restaurant but the food's
great there it's still really great
called honey pie yeah amazing food great
burgers by default their burgers come
with an egg on top which attention they
also have they they employ something
like a dozen bakers and they just make
cupcakes and pies and high fives a
fantastic restaurant
there mac and cheese is barn bar none
but really if you go to high five you
get the pork fries oh yeah I have seen
you get those I don't think I've ever
had them is an appetizer I get it just
for myself four-day hand-cut french
fries wood pulled pork on top with
jalapenos cheese sauce bacon chunks not
bacon bits chunks of bacon oh god it's
the greatest have I mentioned that I was
a big fan of Jack I've never seen one of
these before what I don't know what bad
luck try again now oh well that's
terrible just took all my money and gave
me nothing oh great that's weird
if you're gonna move for pizza you get a
plastic slice and get a pizza Classics
likes the best classic slices the best
pizza if you want also the best pizza
you go to transfer which is also great
pizza
we have a million good restaurants
mostly in the Bay View Inn Road as that
is the restaurant district
yes my turds green poor cries are an
orgasm in a basket it's just the best
thing
have you been to Palomino since they
redid everything I happen actually no
I've meant that's good yeah yeah there
you know they had that they had kind of
good like I would call them before the
reboot could die
chair you know wait wait is this a
glitch oh no no there's no teleport out
uh oh that's gotta be a glitch right I
know or else you just have to wait until
the song guys that's helpful
RL Stein 69 thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it sir Hilary
man that says Jack I saw a video of you
with hair what the hell happened did
those guys stress you out to the point
where your hair fell out
absolutely absolutely
Oh 100% Jay Mike and rich yeah in
actuality I started losing my hair in
high school it started thinning right
out of high school like I was I didn't
lose it yeah but if anyone has seen the
the behind-the-scenes featurettes
feeding frenzy oh yeah you got long hair
in that that was and I had my big beard
at that point yeah that was my longest
hair and beard I looked great
yeah yet hair in the early best of the
worst yeah yeah and the first best the
worst I still had the crowd wow I don't
even remember that was before I was
shaving and I look weird huh I look back
on that man
I saw somebody asked it's gone now but I
think they've tried a few times ask
about David Lynch's dune have you ever
seen it yeah is that a petition of dune
no I've never seen it either I've seen
parts of it I've tried watching it
because I love David Lynch but I could
never get through the first like 15 20
minutes like I'm done I'm not getting
anything out of this I've never seen the
whole thing despite my love for David
Lynch not familiar with the source
material I never read the book I guess
the movies a mess anyway so it's never
felt the need to I tried watching it
just to see everything that he had done
but there's nothing in it for me so I
gave up
I tried washing when I was a kid but I
was a kid so I might be young well I
guess it's a mess anyway as far as an
adaptation goes yeah yeah yeah you know
what dude was before our time I think uh
I really eighties I was young 80s - I
remember I remember one of us up so it
was after yeah David Lynch had done
Eraserhead and then he got hooked up
with Mel Brooks and did Elephant Man and
it's like all right now you're in the
mainstream make a big movie so he made
doing it was like a horrible disaster I
was like fuck that I'm making blue
velvet I'm gonna be weird it perverted
oh that man is great dude came out in 82
I just born so I think it's later than
82 but early 80s anyway I'm good
it was then that was definitely before
my time I was too young for you sure so
then ya know I tried the first time I
tried watching it was in high school
because I was just starting to get in
David Lynch but I was like now I'm done
maybe I'll try watching it again it's
been like a decade you go give it one
more chance you never know
sure whatever if you haven't seen it
Chad
you should check out David Lynch talking
about being asked to direct return to
Jenna oh god it's so great it's on
YouTube and it's kind of amazing David
Lynch makes George Lucas sound like the
biggest fucking weirdo the David Lynch
State syringe and you seen this dick no
oh you've never seen it it's so good I
mean I just I think David Lynch is just
a fun storyteller in general when he's
just sitting there and talking about
things but yeah him talking about
meeting with George Lucas to direct
return of the jedis talking about George
Lucas and someone was someone was making
some generalizations about George
Lucas's career as relating to his wife
leaving him oh sure yeah and the only
thing you know like some of the things I
think out in the divorce was is the
properties like she didn't take that and
so he just kind of yeah there's
something weird going on there
psychologically and you know we will
ever know the full extent of it she was
such a major player in the re-edit of
the first Star Wars and she oh yeah
around for the pitching of Indiana Jones
and so I was like she was there for thx
she was there for American Graffiti so
maybe the talent that's been set before
it who are we then know for sure but
it's it's been son it was his wife
someone to bounce off oh sure
Barclay DC thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated if you divorce us
will be less without you we do see is
that a soccer thing it sounds like a
soccer dubious I wasn't shot
right what are your feelings on Dethklok
ah
like I like Metalocalypse yeah
is that a min alaq ellipse reference no
Beca I've never seen it that's good they
saw my I to us and mermaid er was on
their game mermaid or mermaid murder
it's part of the that's one of the
Metalocalypse socks it's it's own thing
it's different than home movies it's
it's it's own thing Metalocalypse is is
it is unique I just want them to hurry
up and finish it I was this so going Shh
Mabel Mabel that's a great question rich
I will ask this to you continue I wonder
if you could own one arcade cabinet rich
this background which fine I would be it
would be a tough decision for me I what
I would really want is the sixth player
x-men arcade cabinet fucking love that
game x-men use it once every 12 years
when you get to six people together grew
care yeah really I can't have the four
person x-men arcade
speaking of the four person x-men arcade
Cameron there is one at classic slice
pizza you can have pizza and play the
x-men arcade game
but yeah I probably want the x-men
arcade game cabinet this one I played a
lot gonna oh the Simpsons arcade game
that was awesome really no but I play
them a lot it's you know like just like
the x-men game they're just all there
all those brawlers are seeing on
standard brawlers fuck him up time but
yeah just if I can have one arcade game
it would not be one of those old
brawlers no really I don't need it x-men
is that classic slice if you go to organ
Piper the organ pipe er has the Simpsons
arcade cabinet
telegin I will probably not I I watched
I tried watching a couple of classic
Doctor Who stuff and it just was it I
have a I've trouble with olders show
you're a poser 100% oh no I have a
trouble I've trouble with pacing of
older movies and TV shows I like I like
but things fast it's that being modern
and classic who's alright just was
nothing
yep they're gonna be hipster closer to
cream look I didn't mean to start
something Jack they were gonna say it
anyway I watched some episodes I watched
the first like five episodes and it was
really drawn out like literally it took
five episodes for like the doctor to go
from the TARDIS to the first city like
five episodes like I'm walking through
the woods you know because that's how
old bbcgirls work
citizen Spain citizens famed
citizen Spain is great over Jay yes
Berdych eseni movies my watch oh god
this is Jake give me a movie watch does
he say he'll watch any movie no but I
assume they'll just watch it if you
recommend it right now oh my god oh well
if you're in the mood for just a
feel-good fun movie Cannibal Holocaust
I'm gonna say you will not regret
watching Cannibal Holocaust it'll give
you a very sunny disposition and make
you happy to be alive so go check out
anime Holocaust and maybe maybe follow
it up with happiness by Todd Salons I
mean how can you go wrong with a movie
called happiness it makes you feel happy
I can guarantee it exactly exactly
so yes that's your double feature duty
that's what I'm giving you
I want to hear that you watch both those
back-to-back if you know if you don't
come out
whistlin from happiness money-back
guarantee when you hear about the
suicide hey I've seen both those movies
and I'm okay done
so there
you ever heard of this wake in fright oh
yeah a guy he's probably oz Mike he sent
it to us we I have not watched it yet I
need to I need to just take it home it's
at the studio let's take it home and
watch it at some point cuz I know you
keep recommending it and it sounds
interesting
I haven't listened to the serial podcast
I haven't no keep hearing about it it's
a great thing okay good yeah I think
it's just that I don't have much
interested in the subject matter I don't
know do they actually talk about surreal
well it's like a fictionalized thing oh
you tell me about yeah about like a
serial killer it's like oh fuck what I
dread dragon far away didn't notice it
if you ask jay for movie recommendation
he will recommend movies with the
intention of killing you what I won't do
though is recommend a movie that is bad
these are miserable movies they make you
feel like shit but I would not recommend
a movie that I think is bad Cannibal
Holocaust is a rough watch but it's a
powerful piece of filmmaking
yes Jamis oh wait I have seen that there
is already a fan at it
of The Hobbit movies oh yeah
eight hours down to four and a half they
gotta keep cutting it down they're not
there yet not there yet I haven't
watched it of course cuz I have no
interest in revisiting the Hobbit movies
bit sure maybe in a few years I'll watch
this fan that it who knows yeah if we
can if we can get a fan at it down to a
reasonable time I'll even say three
hours three hours yeah if it's if it's
three hours are under I think I could
get behind it yeah
Jack equals wallowing again I'm sure I'm
going what am I wrong about then most
cereals not fictionalized yeah it is
we've talked about this before and you
guys said it was it was like talking I'd
you did you lie to me before when we
were talking about cereal last time it
was you the chat that told me it was
fictionalized that it was like a it was
following like an old serial murder case
and they were investigating it and these
victims I just I just don't care that
much
music is so good to me remix thank you
for subscribing Jesus Christ eight
months we very much appreciated
good god man what's wrong with you I'm
gonna tell you I wrote my Steve review
for crypt of the necrodancer yeah and
you know like I was trying to find
something fun funny to do with my review
yeah and so I said you know I started
the review on Windows my tank turpino
said though the game's really good but
most more importantly the soundtrack is
so amazing it completely removed all
Taylor Swift songs from my head and then
I wrote the rest of the review slipping
in names of Taylor Swift songs so every
Taylor Swift song from her new album is
in the rest of the review no that's
funny and I really appreciated it I
really enjoyed writing that I thought it
was
oh and someone is saying they're already
working on a three-hour cut once the
blu-ray I am I was surprised to hear
that there was already a cut I mean I
they maybe they had a like an Oscar
screener or something great but I know
it was low quality it wasn't like HD or
anything okay so yeah get that blu-ray
out cut those three movies down to under
three hours and I will watch them
absolutely I agree I will watch that as
soon as it's at a reasonable rundown
what should i watch first plan nine or
terror in Beverly Hills terror are you
talked about like as a double feature
like you're gonna watch both of them but
one order to do it in
I would I would assume what that is he
only has time about 100k if you're only
gonna watch one and you're gonna watch
the other one later yeah
terror girls well I would say save that
for a second cuz it's the better one
plan lines like a classic bad movie it's
fine and actually watch because it's the
better one what you want to work up to
the better one plan nines the classic
you watch that and then you watch
something that you're less familiar with
everybody knows about plan nine right
all right last round that I do this I'm
done okay
but I guess basically what we're saying
is you have to watch tear in Beverly
Hills at some point yes I would say
watch that over plan money yes if you're
only going to watch one plan nine is fun
to watch be fess when everybody's
throwing paper plates and yelling things
to the screen sure it's not fun to just
watch at home I think I tried once in
high school and I first learning about
Ed Wood yeah it's kind of bad it's fun
like with a group in a group setting yes
I think I would agree with you it's just
kind of bad yeah the the backstory of it
is more interesting which is why
partially why Ed Wood is such a great
movie
and plan 9 is like the appetizer for a
good ban with these what there is here
it's it's the Citizen Kane of bad movies
it's like you know you have to watch it
because it's it's the you know the one
that everybody talks about everybody
references true now true no yeah you say
you love cinema you have to watch
Citizen Kane I guess you know regardless
of how you feel about it I'm gonna have
to see it you have to watch it and
understand it's relevant yes if you love
shitty movies you gotta say no yes I
agree
so yeah both Jay and I are saying
wheedle like terror from Beverly Hills
way more entertaining way more
entertaining a better bad movie yeah we
just disagree on when you should watch
better
the Ocho knows if if you you should
watch Citizen Kane I I personally find
it to be very boring I love it
Jay loves it so there but you should if
you are a fan of movies you should watch
it to understand the relevance yes it is
one of the first movies - oh my god yes
cold ham cot again Co Hagen cold ham Co
Hagen go ahead good thank you for
subscribing these past six months
we very much appreciate it in any case
what's that the villains name and Total
Recall Co Hagen yeah yeah cold ham
cohaagen I'm not calling ya cogan
what do you watch first plan 9 or tear
in Beverly Hills the answer is disco God
okay I like Cameron Beverly Hills more
than disco Godfather but they're both
pretty entertaining teryn Beverly Hills
is something special is the Godfather
blowing no I really like about it I know
some people who think it's boring but I
really liked it I watched it for the
first time like 10 years ago yeah and I
like like I understood why everyone
loved it
like I thought it was a you know a great
movie in a lot of ways but I didn't
personally connect with it yeah so I
need to revisit it I saw the second one
for the first time last year which is
everyone says that one's better and yeah
that's a great movie yeah but I need to
revisit the first one and I've still
never seen the third one everyone always
says like the third one you know
comparatively it's horrible but it's
still like a really good movie but
everyone talks about it like it's
complete shit because just because it's
not I got a father part too sure so what
I have the box set or these days I need
to watch it
space come over saying that he doesn't
like mob movies in general he thought
even Scarface was boring and by the way
I kind of agree that scarf again I'm
talking about older movies having a
different pacing yeah
Scarface is like this super like violent
intense movie but because it's older it
still seems very slow and dull really I
think it is hmm I think it does so like
I I'm with his baseball is what I'm
saying like I I don't like any Brian De
Palma me movie feels dull no I like it
but it's just it's slow I didn't
understand people that treat it like a
serious movie like people talking about
like The Godfather and they turn a scart
like Scarface is so ridiculous right
and that's cuz it's Brian De Palma he
doesn't bear yes Taron Beverly Hills is
the one about the man who's upset about
all the doors being left over yes
Cameron Mitchell's greatest role
Radek neutral Coppola has done a decent
release since the 70s and the A's he did
my favorite movie of his which is body
double body Devils great but I would
agree that he hasn't done much great
probably since then oh my god you guys
are right I think Scarface is dull
because of video games these days it's
it's all about the video games genital
personal keep it yourself
no and I even like I like slower
methodical things but then it has to be
in a slow and methodical package as well
I think that Scarface need a little more
excitement it was it's not saying it
wasn't exciting I should know that that
this is no place for nuanced and complex
opinion this everything is terrible or
everything's wonderful
it's true
Oh Jack yeah
Lando was taken says Jack right I'm done
is that Jack hey somebody else wanted to
do something I'm done about this yes
pre-vet yeah free bet I can I can I
never even got to like the second zone I
can get them all three so why is it this
is something that always bothers me when
you hook it your computer up to the TV
yeah
why is it not on the edges that so
bothersome to me that's not quite
foreign to the TV okay so straight well
I guess you found out exactly what
resolution the TV isn't something that
in the present perfect sure it's just
strange cuz you know if this hooked up
to a completely different monitor at
home of course of course
you could set this right it's just not
set right is my guess hmm that's all
anything else a for I click on I'm done
with a stream button well we should we
should do our customary thinking what
they do something good they came and
they watched our thing it seems like
they just bitch about thanks a lot they
do that they did that to it but you
might as playing the wrong games if I
was playing the wrong I think they're
terrible people
they're probably terrible people but
there are terrible people I can see that
so thank you for all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers
thank you to everyone else just came up
to watch me we really appreciate it all
of you have a very good night
