Episode 199
Matroid Prime & a Half (Part 2)
February 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpS_PA4sHiM
___________________________________________

ah yeah maybe for the show we do need to
figure out what we're doing next in
general the strikes me as being an odd
coming okay rich any thoughts with the
best heads assess oh yeah I think it's
Beth as de announcement at e3 are you a
fan of fallout or the elder scrolls III
was last summer III hasn't happened yet
it's not a well this year's hasn't
happened yet and the last one was like
six months ago do you mean the
announcement that they're making an
announcement at e3 Oh was that what
happened I put I believe maybe maybe you
were yeah I know so they're making an
announcement yes months yes that's the
dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard
yes and so everyone is saying there's
gonna be a new Fallout and uh to be more
specific I don't have never played
fallout I don't played any of the
fallouts or any of the Elder Scrolls oh
well there they go yeah there you go the
only fall out I've played is Rosalind
before new vegas toll on 31 a yes i
believe it's three I played a little bit
of fallout 3 and I didn't much care for
it because they they did that thing
where they mix they did you know what
they did they did the excom thing where
they kind of mix a first-person shooter
with a turn-based dice roll thing hmm
and I really hate that I really hate I
couldn't I couldn't be cool yes okay I
went back to where I want to go I
couldn't be good with like aiming at
something and then not hitting them even
though it said like I had an eighty
percent chance of much like ex-con where
it's just like no I can hit this person
I can see them you know see I don't know
I like ex-con maybe I should probably
get fallout 3 a shot you probably should
you know what we could do we could
stream it mm-hmm we could stream you
playing it you might you might enjoy it
okay so by the way the last like 20
minutes or so I've been wasting
everybody's time Oh Jack I'm not a real
gamer oh are you not no no because I
don't play the elder scrolls or fallout
oh well then there you go I also i'm bad
at FPS oh you know what I'm really glad
we got that figured out because it's all
this time I'm not a real gamer yep
that's true konica tantrum I don't I
don't need the legal definition well
rich you know I think I think I avoided
fallout 3 spoilers for a ten-year-old
game once i heard it was one of those
you have to die endings you know the
good ending is the self-sacrifice and i
absolutely hate that shit mmm that is
usually it's usually I hate that so much
is usually a deal-breaker for me really
yeah dying it's art you die you have to
die it's the only way you could properly
end a story you have to die no fuck off
haha I'd rather be alive and a hero than
dead in the legend first of all nice
yeah uh second of all uh yeah you know
we'll see we'll see whether you like
about because will stream it all stream
fallout 3 i've been I'm really
interested in playing the older Fallout
games because they see more like
tactical turn-based stuff and I'm okay
with like turn-based combat in general
hmm so I've actually wanted to look into
playing some of the older Fallout games
in hopes that I would enjoy them more
than I enjoyed fallout 3
tf2 requires you to move in eight at the
same time so that's not a good test for
him what Oh rich for what was the snow
what if you're good at first person
shooters oh yeah I don't think uh FTL
will be a great known lips test first
shooter skill tf2 oh do you yeah I might
I don't know that that's fair because of
my shitty internet connection though
well oh yeah flag flag does all fuck and
there's a lot there's a lot more to tf2
where you know it's it's about strategy
and that's you know about knowing the
map and knowing your team remember that
was on my old computer and internet
connection that that like almost melted
my cpu when i type in FTL right we're
gonna work on that rich that's the thing
that you're supposed to be working on
your own internet connection I might
have I might have had like a four-second
wag hahaha
rich become legend play destiny I'll
fuck that shit no you know I know a lot
of people and lt player focus shooter
yeah go fuck off Myrtle I've heard a lot
of people really like that game uh and
what I've heard no simple I've heard
those same people really complain about
it yes I agree that it sounds tricky
what what do I have with the internet
the internet actually comes with the
apartment complex and they get the the
dirt cheapest internet they possibly
could is what they do so we're lucky
that we can skype yeah yeah yeah no just
when we skype if I get the choppy audio
that's why yeah oh hey get out of here
yeah destiny grind uh mmm Oh mum or
polka or whatever whatever they call
those stupid things massively
multiplayer crap bland bland looking
shooter I I can't think of one thing
about destiny that looks at all
interesting to me personally yeah I know
I would be good because I know you and I
occasionally listened to you when you
talk I know that doesn't you at hey
destiny yep yeah
listen listen when people talk I never
thought to do that sometimes sometimes I
don't like I don't listen to you all the
time because I mean come on you're rich
Evans but occasionally I can't help but
listen to you when you thought Richard
played Jedi Knight three Jedi Academy
mass protagonist I'll stick two Jedi
Knight to was answering the chat real
quick yeah I'm with you I feel ya I
don't know that you've played any of
those games Jack have you should I not
know
okay everything's fine everything's fine
and wander going who is it the answer is
yes
have very little idea what I'm doing
whining about a bland looking shooter
while playing a bland looking shooter
well technically I'm not playing and
Jack do you want to comment about
blandness and Metroid Prime um I could
remember this game came out 13 years ago
okay that is not an exaggeration this
game came out in 2002 so by today's
standards sure this this might look a
little bland to you ah but I guess it's
not I don't know I don't know how to
properly answer that it's uh it's a
bland looking shooter with an
interesting story and a fun exploration
element I don't know that I was fond of
any of the enemy designs in this game um
you know and I think that's where like
their their their critique of calling it
bland is yap tible I kind of like to
give it with the helmet yeah heads up
display hmm that's kind of neat it's
beautiful that's beautiful you know you
go through a thing is Steve and it gets
fogged up yeah I I can definitely see
like all the enemies are like bugs and
that's such a space alien trope or it's
like oh it's it's a beetle you know
mm-hmm and I got there what's supposed
to be the enemies from the the platform
the usual yeah
oh yeah I get that it's just I guess
what I'm saying is I he I I understand
some of that criticism of Metroid Prime
being bland looking I disagree with it
because I played it and I it's it's one
of those games in which I actually pay
attention and care about the story like
I'm exploring and I dig that and you
know me and stories and games you hate
the paper more so because like the story
like the story is so little in this game
all we're doing like we're just
exploring and trying to just trying to
figure out like what we're doing here in
the first place you know which is so
simple that I can I can
you know what I well one thing I will
say cuz I did I have played that I mean
many years ago if I have played this I
hate thee not knowing where you're going
the constant backtracking to find shit
you couldn't get to before I but that's
that's Metroid like yeah I understand
that it in general it's usually not for
me sure no I I really like that I like I
like having to remember you know or it's
like you get you get the new power and
then it's all of a sudden and you know
you like for example later on you get
like a a morph ball booster and then you
know you have to use a little like
halfpipe halfpipe to boost up someplace
and then you just remember every single
halfpipe you've come across in the in
the game and you just say to yourself oh
my god yes I get it and you know it's
that's that's fun for me it's not for
everyone someone saying rich isn't that
what Arkham Asylum is like I think
arkham asylum's a little bit more linear
mostly you're backtracking for the
Riddler shit which I I have been open
about that being my absolute least
favorite part about the game sure sure
so backtracking isn't necessary it's
just what it's something it's something
if it was a few times he end up going
through all the way it's flat all right
no it's me it's me that that works your
brain you know like having to remember
where you know where the spot was where
you could use the power yeah I know as a
kid I used to get hopelessly lost in
classic Metroid and it's frustrating
there's an aggravating experience not a
fun one sure sure and I can be with it
is what I'm saying mmm
I can be with you I'm going to be with
you on this one
I you know obviously my personal
feelings are different but I will I will
understand you're saying I'm picking up
what you're thrown down
what the fuck was it bong god Doug thank
you for subscribing police appreciate it
it's true we do we do appreciate it
that's fifteen dollars to strafe 15
bonus dollars it still won't be enough
but that's fine other there there there
like I said 10 minutes 10 minutes that
was that was 19 minutes ago oh sure sure
okay well then buckets Rafe only got an
extra ten dollars that's fine feels good
it's fine it's fine yeah I mean at this
point it's acceptable they're probably
gonna have like a last minute push but I
mean they're they're down like a hundred
thousand dollars I don't know how these
things usually work so usually usually
there is like a late in there in the
Kickstarter
push very you know like last day for
like if you you know i I've kicked the
last day when one of the people involved
with it donate some massive amount of
money back so they can get what they you
know the rest of it yeah that guy was
but all time well but also like if you
are you know like I have a Kickstarter
it has been a thousand dollars so i
could get the other 83 but like also if
you have a kickstarter account if like
if a kickstarter looks interesting to
you you can click a little button this
is remind me and then go get an email
the you get an email 24 hours before it
closes down yep and so that's that also
really helps to the final push you know
and it the question is why hasn't that
game made its its its goals um i think
its goals were a little too I certainly
more people out there who will give it
their their games that you get
multi-million dollar Kickstarter's all
the time sure but you but like this one
has very clever trailer but but usually
the ones that get multimillion-dollar
kick goals yeah or that end with
multi-million dollars don't start with
multi-million dollar goals like they
start with like 30 thousand dollars to
make a game yeah and then everyone wants
to play so they get millions okay okay
this one is starting like at almost
200,000 which in kickstarter
isn't want yeah I get in in any amount
of money it's a lot but okay i don't i
don't know you know help what these
things average out to be goal was so so
it'sit's see it does seem like a lot of
money for it seems like a lot of money
for the game that you're getting and
it's you know well yeah well i mean
they're only asking you know to buy the
games 15 we're oh sure but I mean to
make it like it seems like a lot of
money to make the game oh I don't know
and I don't I don't I don't know I've
never developed a game I don't know
where these costs go you know i can't i
can't speak on that and i think that
ninety eight percent of kickstarter
backers can also not speak on that and
so say all we can go by is other games
that we've backed you know but see the
games you back though a lot of these
games are 2d games like FTL's 2d uh
shevell night show my Susie oh no I mean
fuck what the fuck the dice is the
Double Fine adventure game the total
fine adventure game has a fucking
adventure game like you know hold on
Jack I'm ready for this yeah you ready
for this I'm ready for this dr.
mayonnaise thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate you're gonna enjoy
that and maybe a month from now doctor
you are your 100% going to enjoy that
reference enjoy that name about a month
from now
um so yeah but the but this is this is
the problem is it's not just about it's
not just about the game it's about the
medium you know a triple a game on xbox
cost 60 bucks right yeah that's what
they cause no matter no matter how much
it costs to make the medium helps
dictate the price point it's the snow
world's rich I when I talking about the
price point of the game itself we're
talking about price point to develop the
game right and it seemed time ok ok I
don't know what all goes into it so
neither do
they say you were dropping mad frames um
possible 100% possible drop drop the
beat yo drop drop drop kick OH yo y'all
drop drop drop frames drop drop drop two
frames you know OBS is in the green I'm
in the green so I don't know if we're
better now could have had an internet
spike that happens hmm I have good
internet in general but you know it
happens she had happens guys this is the
thing this is a virtual shit did rich
ever mention what he was doing yesterday
i'm assuming you're talking about during
the last stream do you mean oh yeah and
sunday when i'm assuming I'd assuming
that means Sunday yeah probably all
right we were we were doing a episode
work for 44 redlettermedia show
important episode we film thing thing
got filmed me not here no chat yeah
which happens it used to happen a lot
more often but it'll happen every once
in a while and I appreciate it when I
came out anyway and sorry on a boring
yeah yeah I'm sure you were fine I might
have been boring and I'm okay with that
nothing we ever do is right job haha now
finally you'd say the truth rich they've
been waiting to hear you say that wait
which that we never do anything right oh
I said that all the time even you it's
like that's that's like my sin again we
never do anything right
this enemy
cool things happening rich this is a
neat enemy
I think somebody may have said I have no
taste because I don't like the metroid i
don't think i ever said i hate the
metroid I said I i hate the control
scheme will just blank shooter with with
a gamepad is just ass but ok whatever
well you said you hate the control
screen and you said it was it was the
you know the big stick with metroid is
is perfect backtracking and you did say
that you found that to be frustrating
which is I again that's fair but that's
just what kinda gave me my goodness I'm
not gonna say that itself with ruined
the game entirely for me not that's
something I'm fond of Me Kate so right
oh yeah troll scheme we can go ahead
yeah that kind of yeah oh by the way I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you on
that Rosie need the mouse no this
control scheme is is little balls you
get used to it and luckily i'm using the
wave bird which I still to this day fine
to be one of the most comfortable
controllers ever conceived and chat I
did not say a that my trade is a bland
shooter somebody in the chat said that
right I was I was reiterating right just
can't win with you these people will
never pay any attention to their nope no
no attention at all and you should know
that I have I have to correct the chat
every every five seconds you correctly
chat on the chat
no and I I it was the chance said that
this looks
I Rebecca
let me back up
lady back oh we might be back up
we are back great hi we're back rich
alright we're back we're back I think we
had a couple we had a couple service hmm
um I remember one of them Admiral fart
bar thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and also smashed bottle
thank you for subscribing also we really
appreciate it it's true it's true I now
I have to go back to dying to be stupid
bug things okay that's what I was doing
dying to bug things
there we go okay finally did it okay
yeah I don't know what that was that was
just a funny little spike in the
internet i guess but it'll happen you
know what that'll happen guys but we're
back or here and that's exciting I mean
to me that's exciting but you know to
each their own that's what I say sausage
took those wants to know if there isn't
oh wow no we've lost it again ml or
forum or jet pack and rich take
suggestions for which games de stream
hey rich we lost the stream again
so we'll see how it goes it's wavering
it's not solid green you know when when
when we have a good upload speed is
solid green on OBS uh and and it's not a
solid green oh my god now it is now it's
solid green okay rich get a better
internet this is Jack's Jack stream
Jack's internet everyone wants to blame
me for everything yep damn it they do
and it should they both do and they
should know this is a hundred percent
Jack's internet I don't know what's
going on or why it's going on or who oh
is that a thing the only thing I am
responsible for here tonight is talking
mm-hmm and you're doing a fine job I
feel like you're doing a fine job rage
you're saying all sorts of things and
you're talking all kinds of pretty so
congratulations also if you guys want to
know what red letter media thinks of
Jupiter ascending maybe you'll find out
soon what what that's quite possibly
true but I quite possibly true I don't
know have you seen it jack no i don't i
have not even so look
man it do you think any of our friends
have seen it rich ah maybe I think I
think couple people i know we're gonna
go see that yeah yeah yeah that's weird
I mean it's great it's great that people
are seeing movies in general it's great
for the movies yeah that is true it's
great for the movies
come here you monster see this is a cool
looking monster though this little ice
monster I'll let you know when I see it
now we're getting some neat enemies
you've seen this one before I think
every I don't remember anything in this
game so I don't sure hey yeah no no
that's a little dinosaurs slug yeah it's
stupid looking but it's got like a nice
armor back and you gotta break the ice
armor yeah we've never seen monsters and
video games that were covered are nice
yeah yeah yeah yeah uh yeah thanks fine
I don't deny the generic pneus of
metroid prime enemies Jack Colonel
Mustard says remember to scan the
monsters oh thank you colonel mustard I
will remember to scatter monsters
oh here we go oh god I need to remember
my chozo voice you have a chozo voice I
was doing a chozo voice oh my god oh
that's right because they were nerds
okay cuz there were nerds I gave them a
nerd voice um c standard out yep none
know if our double the cradle will
provide powerful enough to contain the
evil forever how can we chose o home for
it to remain intact without which it
guards we rise in the darkness growing
always stronger the fate of this world
rests at the gathering of artifacts we
call the safer but even if it is not
all-powerful it is strong yes an
enchanted hole made of twelve links
still in the finite it is reach we will
who guarded slowly succumbing when our
Volga what the cipher will be exposed to
the fate of the talent who are beyond
our influence dear God cuz they're nerds
it's fine cuz the chosen word that if I
can do that voice for leisure suit larry
you can do that for the chozo it's
slightly different than the lasers you
later boys play it's slightly different
it just seemed it seemed appropriate
because like they were talking about how
the chosen were so technologically
advanced it sounds like oh so they're
bunch of nerds and I like that about
them I wavin flag of david freeway vet
who I who's the pretty lady
Jerry Lewis you get a royalty every time
professor Frank shows up well I mean
they're not listen they're not hiding it
can you get mad at the simpsons for that
like like uh uh Wiggum chief Wiggum he's
basically uh what's his face timid old
actor I can't think his damn name now
but he's somebody is an imitation
somebody well they're all an imitation
of someone but I mean they've cartoons
have been doing that since hanna-barbera
right let's tone was Jackie Gleason sure
no and you can't get mad at will and
like with Fred Flintstone you almost can
get mad at him um Simpsons was
intentionally doing a parody and more g
robinson thank you check um stuff like
that and so like I can't get mad at the
simpsons for parroting parodying
correctly what's that a parody though of
cartoon voices being imitations I don't
know that was a parody I think that was
just the trope no no it wasn't a parody
of cartoon voices it was a parody of you
know like there were all characters from
the shows that they were parroting
because their hair eating the family
sitcoms kind of thing you know he
changed the voice but Dan cast anoa his
home run was originally just a
straight-up Walter Matthau impersonation
how's it true yeah that's funny I think
he admitted it in one of the
commentaries yeah yeah that's great
that's great life arm realignment
successful
great great Walter Matthau remember him
he was great yes you know what he was he
was great and I everything is great do
you watch Rick and Morty I tell I saw
the pilot I saw the pilot episode and I
enjoyed it in general but that's it
that's all I I I enjoyed it a lot I
would like to see more okay you saw the
pilot or at all I've not seen I've seen
the whole season oh okay and you would
like to see more oh yeah what's stopping
you from seeing more they need to make
more haha you know what yeah that
wouldn't stop you as you know all those
good adult swim cartoon shows they
really just mass produced those things
rapidly yeah yeah it's it's not like you
end up going you know years between
metalocalypse and venture brothers
seasons haha that would just be
ridiculous haha cry I mean that's that's
a good thing though cuz i guess they
focus on the qualities so you know it's
fun yes agreed the charge upon released
be after chinese got a speed boost
ditional day has been a loan great and I
I did watch the venture brothers special
the chat was asking about this i don't
know that you care at all I mean I
haven't seen the venture brothers oh ah
it was okay they were just throwing too
much stuff in there too many cameos too
me too many appearances as far as some
long-running story stuff goes I know I
know ultimately at the end of the day
the point with the venture brothers is
to laugh is the humor but as far as
resolving storylines I yeah
you some some stuff was an anti-climax
all right you sound you sound hurt they
set up these characters in on it
everything in the show is basically a
parry so I shouldn't really expect a
serious conclusion to something right
but they set up these villains called
the investors for like two seasons and
in the end they just they could beat up
by basically a side character uh-huh and
that's done oh they get beat up by a
side character in a star wars parody oh
yeah sausage toes thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it so
this Jack was that sausage toes like the
thing on your feet are just like things
things on your feet okay that's uh
that's great
well can I still I still enjoyed it it's
just it's not my favorite bit of venture
brothers ever hmm rich you didn't give
it unstoppable and unwavering praise so
how are they supposed to know that you
liked it besides you're saying that you
liked it everything's everything's and
extremely positive or extremely negative
hundred percent yeah yeah All or Nothing
rich what's the husband's leaving the
season four finale was great they the
other special you know I was really
special might have just been might just
be considered a two-parter an hour-long
am what color is your clean suit was a
great episode what color is your clean
suit yes
I'm down that's a great title for an
episode I I know nothing about it I ate
you can't explain anything in the
venture brothers just briefly they've
they've managed to create a complex
tapestry of of continuity and wonderment
and I love it huh that's fair that is a
Hondo presento ferried oh nothing i can
do anything else in here now even though
i said i like it they think I hated Rick
and Morty which makes no sense to me no
such speed all jack you are so that dad
that is probably kidding on their part
baby yeah let's uh let's hope let's give
them that let's give them that benefit
that much cool i guess i can give the
chance someone we will give them a
little that little bit of credit in
hopes that they're joking
I've said it before the venture brothers
is my my favorite TV show currently on
television yes you have to that before
how is the car rich it's still making a
strange noise but functional but
functional yes giant dragon chato
muthafucka Ridley Ridley's up in the
house damn that really is gonna get all
up in our biz
what what said Wrigley's all up in our
biz I really swing the lamest villain in
video game history he's just a big
monster yeah there's no there's no
personality there he's a he's a wing
dinosaur man he's a man he's just a wing
dinosaur some reason I'm supposed to
believe he's a character no he's a man
he's a pirate he doesn't even wear
clothes he's a naked dinosaur he's an
alienated he's a nicer monster that
growls and brees fire he's the king of
the Pirates how does he give orders by
growling well maybe they speak the same
language uh the language of growls was
he a Wookiee could be a Wookiee you
don't know maybe he's maybe he's like
like in like in people albinos are all
white like they have no pigment to their
skin what if he's an albino Wookiee and
that's what wookies look like under
their skin mmhmm yeah yeah did I just
make you think I did maybe think about
how to dumb you excellent
sure yeah I'm with you I'm with you and
people on the chatter talking about like
Ridley in like metroid books I'm
supposed to read metroid books to care
about Ridley as a character wait they
have metroid books hey apparently what
kind of fucking person are you reading
metroid books game this is this is
insane this is like telling me I have to
read a teen novels in order to enjoy the
Phantom Menace well well actually Ridley
if you read the the supplemental
material and he's got really he's got
quite a tragic backstory that has never
mentioned or or hinted at in the main
games you'll you understand it all if
you read books number 27 through 49 just
27 through 49 that seems simple why
haven't we done that already rich think
about that
it's how agitated i am doing the stock
nerd voice and I hate the stock nerd
Jack it's the it's the laziest character
ever Stockard I agree well right but
that's like stock anything is the
laziest character it anywhere you know
Jack did you know they made doom books
no there are there are do books on the
front door I've read the first couple no
the first one it's almost weird and that
it's basically just the description of
the game what athlete they actually
managed to make a faithful fairly
faithful level of the doom the first
doom game the animator they added in a
second character halfway through but
essentially it's just describing walking
around and shooting at monsters shut
uh-uh the second book which actually i
have it i don't know that i read the
whole thing i think i just at that point
lost interest sure you know is doomed to
basically i though there are mormons it
takes place in utah there are a lot of
mormons what uh okay then there's a
third and fourth book where they just
get weird you mean it got weird after
the mormon it gets weird after yeah oh
yeah it gets weird with lee the aliens
aren't really there they're not demons
they're aliens that made things that
look like demons because that's what
medieval man was afraid of and they
don't really care that much about earth
earth is just one minor battle at a
giant galactic war / / literature /
alien literature it's like it's like by
the point they got to the third book the
authors just like fuck this boring shit
I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want
and I don't care right oh yeah that's I
mean first of all that's off the rails
crazy great that's it I love it more
that they were just like Mormons like
okay here's what we need to do a doom a
pretty simple game about fighting demons
the Mormons are one of the only people
to survive the demon apocalypse is there
because they're all crazy sure the
Mormons have been preparing for years
for a demon invasion I guess I don't
know was weight was uh was uh was our
character a Mormon uh nope did no man
have a name uh yes of Flynn fly Taggart
what Flynn fly Tigers why was the
nickname sure Flynn Taggart Flint
angered by the way Oh in the novel in
the novel in the game he had known him
game game Doom man very specifically
they didn't want a name they flat out
said he's supposed to be you sure but in
the book he was Flynn fly Taggart Oh My
glob I am in love Flynn fly
I'm in love that's the dumbest name I've
ever heard oh yeah
I think I think he just went hahaha
based off of doom that's just tarted
fucking I'm going all in nice
oh god I just realized how dumb on being
rich stop drinking the kool-aid I never
drink the kool-aid I'm just talking
about some weird books they made that I
picked up many many years ago as a
younger man just for the novelty is like
how the fuck you make up work on doom
well check this out haha yes as you
should like that's so crazy yeah rich I
might be the dumbest person alive
yuval know you've only just figured that
out because you're the dumbest more than
one right it took me this long because
I'm keep down oh no no it's I've been
I've just been kind of farting around
you know playing the game and do it
doing what nuttin who's gonna love it
has been so long since I've saved the
game and of course like the good game
that it is there are manual save points
and like I just might straight-up lose
the last like our two hours of playing
this game oh really I'm low on energy
cuz I've been fuckin around like I've
just been you know what's happening over
here with st. save now and got out I
can't I don't there's no saving space
near make your way to one I'm that's
what I man up jack I'm trying up I'm
trying rich get to the same area I'm
working on it but it's like this is it's
weird cuz it's hard
shit
shit oh and I died oh wait wait wait
wait oz mike is saying rich and there's
Asterix rounded yeah this is this
important okay some nice people have
made a mod for thief 3 which removes all
of them loading zones and pretties it up
you should play it uh I am definitely
interested in checking that out thank
you thank you for the heads up what's it
called does it have a name what am I
looking for a game that makes the three
more like a thief game I'm on I mean
that that sounds amazing yeah so yeah
please post if you can if you if you
know what that is cold what I'm looking
for I mean it might be easy just look up
space on that but fuck oh you da Jack
died I'm sorry like that a while ago and
I just checked on where I saved last I'm
sorry fuck
Jack what is what is what is our
previously recorded email again its
previously recorded at where somebody
wants to send email a link this beef
thing oh sure previously recorded dot
rlm at gmail I and I also believe that
we have a prereq at red letter media but
I don't check that I think Mike checks
that but and I don't even know if it's
prereq at red letter media or previously
recorded at ever ever ever red letter
media I should look into that actually
that is discouraging your death yes ah
you can always play something else I
need to I'm not playing this again is
the moral of the story because it'll be
too painful um I'm sorry and no and
beyond infinite I don't think it was a
new mistake I don't think I came across
another save station I just think I
wasn't good enough Jack do you actually
have a copy of Orcs Must Die on your pc
I don't know okay I i think i mentioned
that at some point playing it one of the
other streams and some of the chat wants
to see it I'm just curious of you even
have that I don't know okay
I I know the second one has co-op if you
ever want to stream that sometime if you
want to if you want to try playing orcs
must die no I next time I do a solo
stream because I guess I guess I'll
stream next well I say next sunday i
guess it feels like a sunday cuz i doing
hack and a half but sunday i'll probably
end up streaming orcs must die ok cool
you can you can watch me play orcs must
die ok and if you enjoy that Jack we can
do co-op that sounds like a great idea
yeah let me um let's take a little break
sure I'll go get a snack and I'll I'll
go look through other gamecube games
that i have here oh and we'll put it on
that do you have super mario sunshine
i'm sure i have super mario sunshine i
loves to cut our Sun shines its
possibility possibility I like super
mario sunshine um I'm gonna go get my
bin of gamecube games so i'll be back ok
and rich do you want to keep talking to
people or do you want me to you use no
I'm gonna go to the restroom and whatnot
anyways ok yeah then we'll be back all
right we'll be back
you