Episode 204
STRAFE ((Part 2))
March 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpJdCa91ri4
___________________________________________

dreams together to like you know Romney
from Plan B recommended we make this we
build for speedrunning and I was like
that's a great idea so Stephen jumped to
it he lost like three nights of sleep
and I'm and Valentine's Day to get it up
so we've been putting it out there you
can get out there as a game show and the
only thing I wasn't also don't care you
know what that means because a lot of
triple-a developers and releasing betas
just as demos nowadays so you know when
we say hey you know it's pre-alpha like
nothing is in yet nothing's locked like
we're not even
this isn't even a finished vertical
slice like our systems work our
procedural generation works to a point
our Gib system is mostly implemented but
we have still a lot more plans for it
you know to just give that to someone
who might not get a document that
explains that and then say oh this game
sucks you know why are they trying to
raise money for this it's terrifying I
don't know how the sound is going to be
but well and rich remember if you if you
right click on your little beat because
you can't adjust the the sound in-game
yet yeah so you might have to
right-click on your speaker icon in the
lower right hand corner of your computer
and open up your open up your mixer it's
not a thing it's it's a thing or so I
like regular click on that little
speaker very interesting I did not know
you could okay
whoa you learned some new every day and
by the way i I run a Mac computer
turning you back up and I know I know
more about the Windows operating system
I've never
to have two audios going at different
levels before that's so that so that's
how you mix the audio right there
alright see if I can get used to doing
this upside down bizarre world where
down is up and up is down
I like it I'm handling that okay so far
I mean it looks like you are I'm going
it was what is this guy with this head
ripped open and his guts hanging out I
love him oh that's one of the cosmonauts
like one of the okay we have three other
enemies that aren't implemented in this
right now we have one it's him gain he's
just not fun yet and so I'm the hives
that are on the wall those are gonna
spawn one of two enemies that's what you
seem a little bright that came out in
those fly around and then we have blood
bags which are kind of like kind of the
head fatty type enemies that come out
now you know when you blow them up it's
just like big pools of blood and um so
then we have the people from Icarus the
crew the ship they're kind of like these
infected people that kind of cling to
walls and ceilings gonna try to get the
drop at you and you know kind of leap at
you and the last ones are these lies
that are probably about four to five
feet tall there's about as big as a
glutton and they'll just kind of be like
a stalker or turret will sit in the back
and we'll just shoot acid from the
difference so we think that whoa
oh man I love it though the more you
talk about this the more I get excited
about a game like this just be and and I
don't know what if it's if it's 100
percent nostalgia but it's like the
amount of pixelated gore just makes me
an amount of happy that I can't properly
express in the stream just want I see I
see all of the neon blood all over the
floor and if we accidentally blew myself
up trying to grab smells
yay yes so with the other enemy is
dumping into the mix will most likely
have it so that it's not just gonna be a
full room of all that was great just got
to the bar you blew yourself up all
right what are we getting rid of those
start your own enter hell
l2 restart ok I told you the wrong thing
I was just going off of the email you
guys think I'm making this game side by
the way we would have no idea if this is
really the best scam ever yeah the
stupidest game ever all this stuff
alright I can't look up or down properly
yet I picked the sniper rifle I wasn't
tell you what does that tell you about
my intelligence and so rich when you get
to like the health station or if you
want to pick up barrels it's e
quick heads up now we all wait to see
how much you got the weird thing for
Taemin eyes we'll hear it first before
we see oh I don't even know it's gonna
shoot a barrel behind him
oh that makes sense I like program to
shoot at the barrels no it's just a
sense you know they have the projectile
if you're standing in front of it at any
point when you strafe around a different
direction that thing is going to hit the
barrel at some point okay okay great
shotguns probably a better choice for me
right now we're going shotgun here's the
thing I think you might want to go
machine gun yeah
machine guns good accessible first
weapon all right try trying everything
okay
I did I did machine gun than I did the
sniper now I'm doing check
yeah I think the secondary definitely is
changed on the shotgun but good enough
time to implement it for these flavors
and so like right now the secondary is
more of a spread shot it's it's pretty
much a straight horizontal line okay so
and it has I forget what it's called but
basically it penetrates the enemy and
can go through to another oh you can
actually kill lines of enemies with it
oh look yeah I think Aflac like grenade
will just feel a lot better it's I mean
definitely because the other two weapons
you know the machine gun you get the
grenade and with the railgun you get
like a railgun grenade you know not
having a grenade with a shotgun was the
first thing that threw me so you think
so yeah I think you are correct just
having kind of more similarly styled
secondary weapons yeah and like once you
get this the kind of rare powerup before
these guns those secondaries change even
your primary changes they become more
wild
oh god oh god oh god you making that
noise bridge what was that was me I
think my comment went oh no I think
there's so much adrenaline pumping
through my like my head right now after
watching someone play our game it's like
oh god how's it gonna break now how's it
gonna break
I only you know what I but I got out I
got stuck in that I got stuck above the
lift for a little bit but I got out I
guess I should start reading the stream
- you're right Lloyd beets
it is so tight it's so bad audience
questions right now I'm dying horribly
that's another good thing to know is
like the gun spinning around all stuff
that's just stuff we haven't worked on
yet like right now it's the gun movement
like when you run is on Springs that
that doesn't affect where it's shooting
it's just an aesthetic choice but yeah I
don't like that we step on acid it like
rolls around and stuff yeah all
perfectly acceptable for pre-alpha man
this behind-the-scenes footage sure
doesn't look like the movie basically
what it roll
remember that was a big leap but add
like really bad effect in when I got
lead vacantly don't even remember never
big x-men fan Wolverines not something I
paid much attention to industry because
you don't know if the box office sucked
because the movie or because it was
leaked in its rough form hey I got to
imagine if it was a good movie fans
would want to see it on the big screen
anyway sure but but for like the people
who produce to that movie they can spin
that it performed before it messes up
the analytics it performed poorly
because it fully even though it was
going poorly because they would be self
doing a bit better this time thank you
the kiss that was the kiss of death
that's what that was so I had a hive of
Lucky hot and that smoke plume to the
right and it was like a real dirty trick
I was looking forward to it but
apparently it was was too annoying so we
cut it yeah that would be a little that
would be a bit much
now that you say it I want that's what
that's one of those things where I would
love to see another player come across
something like that and laugh at them
but if it happened to me I'd be really
pissed if you hear Romero talk about
like when he was making doom quake and
his decisions going into the levels I
mean that's something I hunt down a lot
because you know hearing people that are
big influences talk about their process
it helps me design when you're working
on yeah he doesn't really like to fuck
with players it sounded like and it's
pretty fun I think you find we find some
interesting like emergent gameplay
through things like that with the
procedural element of the beautiful
things when you get when you get trapped
in spelunky or when you get a shit item
in Isaac and you can say well this is a
shit run I know I'm probably not going
to I know I'm probably not gonna win
let's just see what fun I can have what
the items are with the room layout in it
and then it just helps you understand
the game overall what I find interesting
is spelunky and Binding of Isaac are
very different in the way they approach
procedural content from a gameplay
stance so spelunky kind of has misses a
binary upgrade system where you have
your raw spelunker and then you have you
know your spring boots that now just you
jump a fixed type where as binding of
issac you know there is no jumping but
everything is kind of upping points and
stats so kind of
combinations now I think that's would
make some binding of issac runs suck
it's just the idea that oh shit I got
like five power-ups I don't like in a
row and then you just kind of throw it
away
Marius was spunky I mean unless you're
going for the shotgun jetpack combo and
you're just like won't take anything
else you can always enjoy your time with
it and I think that's the offensive
brilliance that like Derrick you brought
to it and I want to try our hardest to
make sure that you don't have a bad run
you're not like ten minutes fifteen
twenty minutes in and go this let's
restart you know and dark levels do that
for me it's full-on heat I just ducked
so it's like I'll do a hell run like
probably every other day because I've
just been playing it for two years that
now when I just reach a dark level if
I'm like below a certain point of health
or not
fuck this and I just respawn oh cool
what's just about procedural elements
I'm gonna link to a post on our dev blog
just to explain some of it so we we have
some stuff explaining the music from 43
we have some stuff I put up a post about
level generation just kind of quickly
explaining how approaching it and then
even there's the jib system it's called
uber Gore Tech that's something that
right now we're gonna add a lot more
superfluous elements to it that are just
stupid fun I think that's that's that's
hearing that from a developer you know
as as a consumer it's hard like I don't
understand these things like like the
actual math behind making a game so
hearing from a developer these kind of
things I think is one fascinating and
really helpful to a consumer standpoint
like knowing that you are thinking about
making your game as accessible as
possible while still making it
challenging that has to be the hardest
balancing act yeah like it's it's
something that Steve and I we have
similar tastes with the game and you
know what we like and also our
influences and they've set a very good
foundation for you know what feels good
and what is accessible and what is just
ridiculous but at the same time I do
love the way the community bands
together to just talk about secrets and
reveal things that's one of the reasons
I'm not a fan of early access for this
is because it doesn't lend itself to
that it's it's very much a when it comes
out it's gonna be dense with things to
discover if we're slowly putting those
things in throughout development it's
gonna take the piss out of a live
discovery so under pen you know I'm
gonna be cool we have a lot of cool
things planned what do you do I don't
know I got caught in the lift what do
you lose five minutes ago
basically the way the blood mapping
works right now which is really
interesting it's I died hey I got I got
that spot faster than you did Jack
alright and I'm playing I'm playing with
my controls upside down I'm I'm playing
this game on my head Jack you are much
better game you're gonna get it rich is
gonna do it I'm so eager to see you guys
here we go
here we go you can do this I believe in
you oh but I can and I won't right now
you probably won't be able to see
because of where we're at and
development I don't care anything that's
not just a community texture it will not
map properly at this point so that's why
you're probably on the lift
I'm standing right in front that
exploding barrel the probably was not
smart no I did shoot a jellyfish there
was screaming right at me though don't
get too close jelly yeah well okay
the poncho or the the rain-slicked or
something where when you shoot a jelly
and it's coming right at you it won't
hurt you but you still stepping on it
will mess you up
I think I'm fucked I'm fucked I'm good
I'm good night again I died it happened
I got it over with we're done we're down
to my dead yeah grenades don't forget
about your grenades yes I suppose that's
right I have not been using the
secondary fire March not as much as I
should have
that was my go-to strategy with that
hive it's just grenaded before it
becomes a problem I think if you um if
your realness if you really want to be
in the speed zone you kind of just spam
the secondary for most of this is it in
for an ammo um up I mean yeah we set
everything to be ludicrously high okay
I'm gonna spam me a lot of grenades then
you'll have to read I think it takes 15
bullets out of your 75 so you maybe get
four clip
that's fine you only get four grenades
this just turned into a whole new game
for
and but I own this on our sure
I can't imagine playing any games on LSB
that sounds dangerous
right especially this the colors
fast-moving it's so realistic you like
lose yourself and what is real life and
works great
absolutely well the graphics are so
realistic I'm at that point already I
got I got a frantic text from rich
earlier said you know wondering if I was
okay or if I was caught on an alien
spaceship I just had to dumb no no the
game is that is that hyper realistic I
thought we were watching James Cameron's
aliens I didn't know this was my game I
thought I was watching James Cameron's
the abyss the abyss sanic the abyss
Anacapa theory wouldn't really puff to
touch what doom exists without James
Cameron's aliens it would have just have
taken a different form huh
I think it would've taken a different
form I mean you see Carmack pushing the
envelope with engines at the time yeah
you know even with like wolf3d
I think the progression after that would
have been
what does make them bow game or
something like that you know they're
popular at the time yeah but you know
cuz a quake is you know has the six
degrees of freedom like you actually
have mouse controls it's a much more
modern game but as far as the setting
goes dude is just by far just so much
cooler than plays in my opinion yeah
it's all cyber tech sci-fi
demons portals it's fucking awesome so
I'm kind of okay with the the quake to
those settings the the the strogg
they're kind of like the heavy metal
board I mean I'm just saying like as far
as setting those they nailed it yeah
those you mix you miss you mix pace with
with demons and it was pretty unique at
the time I think that's I think that's
great in any sitting just because I'm I
like sci-fi space anything space
vampires play human stage space truckers
space dicks like disregard that last one
my health is low my health is low we'll
see
or you can either way I don't know like
a kilt I had killed by enemy fire I'm
sorry I don't know if that was like
confusing oh my god you should have
explained that earlier why wasn't that
in the release notes wait I don't even
hit the enemy with power-ups I'm gonna
do this it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen you gotta use the leech strats
alright so the percentage that's enemies
killed I'm assuming your name sweet Jim
how did the game know new record Jim
wait someone is quoting something from
us is the making of doom began after the
release of spear of destiny in mid
September 1992 the initial idea was to
make a movie license based on aliens I
just started reading that and got very
far into it I I would recommend it if
you like biography if you like like me
they're the rockstars of gaming you know
that in 95 there are more copies than
doom installed on PCs in Windows 95 like
that's an awesome statistic hmm so I
remember greatly anticipating doom I was
a fan of Wolfenstein well that's great
I'm watching a turret shoot a glutton in
the face as its eating your core yeah I
didn't do so hot that last run that's
good that's gonna happen I mean the
speed zone toughen you man just too fast
I just every time I see that like that
melts dissolve into the game it makes my
heart sing for finals I mean one
question for you
how many star wipes will be in this game
premiere we're gonna have venetian
blinds pop apply 3d cube spin I didn't
know I didn't know and I'm sorry
look at that yeah I'm just one scene
that has it has baked me religious
themes I'm gonna do a cross wipe but not
nice not a hand you win an Oscar for
anything for a video because if you can
do
fade to black and gunshot I want to make
the respawn animation like when you
press it just undo this face okay that
would be the most amazing thing ever I I
have no control over it but I fully
support the idea I think they do that in
GTA 4 on her 5 on the online I believe I
think I was watching some videos cuz I
have only played a single-player for
that but yeah if you decide kill your
stuff I think he doesn't look gun on
himself
great this this is the run and then the
end of the game you beat the end of the
game and it turns out it was all a dream
and then the phone rings find out you
were actually fighting yourself and your
inner demons oh my god and it's a 12
year snake
but this this is the run you've heard of
this this brilliant piece of filming
oh shit I'm out of bullets okay
but it's called spoiler it took 12 years
to get over here that means it's
automatically good time equals great
which is why do puke and forever is the
best game I've ever seen
haha hundred percent one hundred and ten
percent
like how fucking daring is that to be
like you know what I choose this kid and
regardless how good imagine how hard it
is to find a kid that can act there's no
guarantee he'll be able to act in 12
years this is why most filmmakers might
you know just cast kids of different
ages that look kind of similar you know
and use the magic of filmmaking how do
you make a puppet aged 12 years glue
glue some facial hair on it movie magic
movie better answer I'm sorry about that
I've got it now I have mastered your
game alright good
I like fully mastered the game okay how
have you fully mastered the game what
have you done I'm gonna beat your ass
that's what I've done well it's gonna
it's gonna happen
give me give me your stress it's gonna
hit my stratts is to not die and to do
better than you did that's that's my
stratts no doesn't help you I'm trying
to beat you I'm trying to unhook you
apparently you're stuck in an elevator
yeah you have to look at the ground and
press e on these okay so we might do it
so you just look at the wall and press
it or just do it doom timer where they
just go up automatically but I mean
punching other people play it it's it's
it's good to see this because now I
understand that everyone doesn't think
yeah honestly I would not have thought
of that hippie on the ground
oh shit
I figured out that you look at the floor
and press the e button though to be fair
I didn't figure out that it wasn't a
ladder in the first place
yes about it too much stress about in
half way look I gotta tell you don't
worry about the Alpha because even
looking at the game paper play footage
before I played it it looks great this
looked like a fun game I I wish I had
the inverted look but otherwise very fun
very fun I figured you know you know
what I really hate
finding keys playing what finding keys I
want somebody to tell me what keys I'm
supposed to use old-school shooter with
a controller can't die now go to it I
think like you know the obvious question
is you know how many cutscenes and
you're basically playing a cutscene
right now this is probably all of the
game around all the FMV we're shooting
we're gonna have real scenes and I think
I'm out of ideas now also the real game
is just a series of FMV sequences oh I
was hoping a lot of different keys it's
too confusing let's just keep this one
key you press it any time you know and
it'll just pull off the next video
die motherfucker die die motherfucker
die and hurt for you guys in the chat
yes I use a controller but we're not
bringing that up right now you might
want to have something you can hold so
you don't have to keep like meatball in
your keyboard looking for WASD no and
and before you know I we I got this this
afternoon and and well before the stream
hey I did my joy to keybinding because I
am a controller player and it wasn't
working
it wasn't precise and up which I know
about controllers but in most modern
games I the way the game plays a block
system or something like that which is
you know I don't want to change the
gameplay experience or controller so
that's something we're gonna deal with
last fuck yeah but cuz you know how many
for me at least as a fan of old school
shooters like when I would hear the
developer say you know coming to
consoles and they want to make it
accessible like for the controllers it
just pretty much means you're no longer
making an old school shooter so I really
want to be sure we knock that out first
and then make it a good experience for
people who may not be able to play with
the mouse and keyboard I'm just glad you
have your priorities straight know and
by the way this playing this demo has
forced me for the first time in a long
time to play with a mouse and a keyboard
and I loved it
and for most modern games I don't have
to worry about that tip it's just easier
than me to pick up a controller and map
the controls oh my god are you doing it
boom headshot yeah I'm doing it yeah I
agree I think you know sometimes just a
matter of convenience but I think if
we're gonna pay Amash to something we're
willing to do right yeah with the
exception of making everything
technically 1996 it's an O Maj it's not
a it's not a fire roll everything
steppin I've never been so excited I am
the winner Jack did you do it
wait I gotta figure out where to go oh
no the door you come into you're
basically facing oh I think I see no
yeah yeah
but you're only at 89% another guy I
can't tell how I did it I did it through
I could kill the other guy there you go
I'm making my own sound effects now oh
shit oh shit oh shit oh shit I got hit
in the head by something concentration
must happen um okay
Ritchie's not gonna talk to them
independence regardless of how long it
takes yeah my heart my heart's pumping
my heart's pumping yeah I could no sure
tops door the door is opening it's gonna
happen and I'm the spark actually shoots
out the second you can fit through the
door Oh
if you kite the enemies to the end and
you're just like fuck it I'm just
running to the end you have to fight
them off at this point and then if you
can the spark fly over your back you're
like you know you're able to cut through
I've done it and it blocks your time
sweep 11 minutes and 54 seconds I mean
terrible oh yeah what's the wait what
you said to do what I did it great stir
is no longer stir stir even in could
blazer right on them
just a little bit after them you're fine
right if I were using a shotgun that
would have been respectable yeah stirs a
professional we can we can't match
we can't Magister so now that you beat
at once you think you can get that time
oh god no once you get inverter controls
Rich's on topic yeah oh yeah oh yeah
I'll be a lot better once up is up again
this this is the pneumatic tube it'll
shoot down and yeah that's will transfer
to the next level yes assume that would
be no what do we do with a shotgun
shotgun okay do it play shotgun now play
it play it what time is it 11:00 I might
get another beer while you go from get a
shotgun
I hear that makes you play better a
hundred well I'm not playing anymore so
I don't have to worry about it those
times
did you enter the the prereq name
properly the same light or are you I
might be playing as Jimmy sweet pants
little Detroit if you get tab weight
shooting things now there goes man there
goes my speedrun think I just killed my
speedrun act like we have an on kind of
untested smack build I was just playing
and any time I pick up a barrel of my
gun wouldn't come back
yeah for those who are asking to be very
important question of what view I'm
drinking tonight I'm drinking a skull
pan IPA San Diego brewed sculpin it has
a fish on it it's delicious
you know now that I've dinner was I
actually I'm doing a lot better him here
I'm linking to his beer there you go oh
yeah you can click that to donate yep
donate to the beer that I'm drinking the
beer it's you know she's kicked out of
the doctor don't want just it or if you
google strafe and Kickstarter that'll
take you right to the beer that I'm
drinking and they'll ship it right
through your house don't tell your mom
if you if you pay fifteen twenty dollars
or more you'll get that beer guarantee
I'm actually kind of liking the shotgun
secondary yeah alright it feel that you
know sound effect wise why not it feels
too much like a regular shot yeah we
were between a few different ideas
I definitely needs to be really eventful
it I could see where it might be a
little bit too similar but I've I've
been having luck with it so far I've
used it a lot have visual things we can
do you know but I find that when you
have like a very simple idea coded and
even if it doesn't have a flourish is
that the sound effect and the graphics
and if it feels good it only gets better
so this is like yeah but I'm wondering
if the I'm kind of the cluster for the
laughs grenade will feel really good and
then we can add things to it like steam
or you know flame coming out of the
barrel stuff like that will feel really
cool yep
any particular films influencing future
levels of the game hmm fifty fifty
Shades of Grey Chariots of Fire yeah I'm
drumline I think and then you might want
to stay away from Schindler's List does
that one take 12 years to complete yeah
this game the actual the graphics page
so so in 12 years
we'll see what what a game looks like
nowadays but twelve years from now and
it'll still be retro we just end up with
Unreal 3 and it doesn't change because
of how long the last console cycle ran
so I guess it wouldn't be that
interesting but it would be it would be
automatically appropriate so oh yeah and
because of that it'll win a ton of
awards oh everyone I love it
I'm liking it
I'm liking it you can say that you just
like because the star wipes whoa
yeah no rich those are fake doors don't
get it don't big prick you reckon your
speed run times textures
you have to you have to at least beat 7
minutes and then you get on the board
you gotta get you in the room someone
asked it I'm releasing the game in in
style chapters we are going to release a
shareware version first really well once
again being first-time devs we want to
make sure that people have means to
trust the game will be good and you know
that's kind of like our commitment to
the old style game so we don't know how
big that's gonna be yet but it's
definitely gonna be a decent demo where
you can experience it and get your
building amazing
it's it's almost as if you understand
what people are looking for apparently
not our fans are the worst people they
they're they're just awful just you know
this is this whole campaign every every
direction it's just it's been very
entertaining very interesting very
terrifying
you found the secret glutton yep we put
them there as a secret that's not what
Jack what throws the barrel or I guess
the Devon Tom what throws the barrel
what key yeah he picks it up and then
just click the fire remember remember
I'm a speedrun her answer that question
quicker oh no oh no it didn't working
out at all
oh no I I think I hit the glutton that
was in front of me with it when I was
aiming for the the jelly-fish maker yeah
I did there's like a piece of ham there
that he's eaten that's pretty cool I
could beat that seven minute time I'm
gonna do it it's good I saw someone in
the chat to give an appropriate comment
which is the someone who has actually
you know what with the game someone who
has a problem with the game yeah is more
likely to give feedback than the person
who enjoys it we like feedback we don't
like dicks like this like there's
there's people who you know brought up
issues with the HUD and the gun being
too large like because if this was a
traditional FPS you know it's I
understand that and that's why we're
gonna have sliders for you to control it
but you see people saying hey that takes
up a lot of space maybe you should
consider you know putting in some demos
sorry some options and then other people
are just like that's taking up 80% of
the screen what the fuck are you
thinking so
sure so if you have feedback find a way
to find a way to give that
constructively or at least politely
yeah I mean we're totally down to listen
Google people you know we like to listen
to people who are talking up like people
not just attacking us or trying to make
something we love first of all how dare
you try to bring joy to my life
you goddamn monster every time
yeah we'll get a good graphic slider and
turn it up
actually um you can turn it all the way
up to 1994 we'll have a gender slider
gender slider I'm not even joking like
lana wachowski it'll just the boys like
it I do think that should be in every
game where it's like that's simple
enough it's like you do know like
especially for like a lot of 2d games
again like spelunky you know it's just a
sprite different sprite model where you
could be you could be a chubby asian kid
you could be a lady I do love that kid
it's never a bad idea
it's any any time you feel like it's a
bad idea you're wrong
playing funky as always the right I just
haven't gotten it yet been like years
right oh absolutely
no and then you know then you get all
the achievements and I love all the
achievements because that
ah you get the bigger challenge that's
something we would that's something we
wanted to look into it because like once
again like multiplayer trying to create
an arena shooter or anything like that
with a small team like ours like their
quake live is free why aren't people
playing that if they're looking for a
good arena shooter you know like we
would just be emulating that to some
degree so co-op makes more sense if we
were to go down that road because it's
still our game little Detroit okay and
then but at the same time something like
a daily challenge where we can walk the
seed in the different assets and have
people compete for leaderboards kind of
like you guys are doing right now for
those hot times that's that's something
I can see being within range of our team
and you know giving people something to
do beyond the game so I really got a lot
out of things below me so I'm hoping so
yeah that secondary is pretty fun to
watch
great Robert Bazaar John probably whose
eyes are saying he just got spelunky
because of how much I talk about it and
he's enjoying it but it's hard as fuck
absolutely that's what makes it fun
have you noticed how I don't say it like
unapproachable on face for most people
because it doesn't reveal itself to you
it's an acquired taste like coffee or
something like that because you start
with it you don't really see what it's
all about until you get into the new
walks or find the secret sir really dig
into it and they're just this like fine
craft and you can appreciate today they
like the variety the love and the
balanced look to put into that hand no
you know what it was for me was sparking
my initial hesitation was 100% art style
I I looking at that art style I was
expecting kitty-kitty yep but it's like
smiling and holding your hand that's a
really good way to put it
absolutely and so once you realize it's
hard as balls then it's a
yeah but yeah I completely agree like
its I knew spelunky from the freeware
version before it can't but I have
completed so I heard you know like a lot
of fanfare for a lot of people loved it
but I didn't know why so I just kind of
got it got cred in my book I was like
okay yeah I'll definitely get it and
once it came out for XBLA was when I
decided just to grab it because a few
friends recommended it and I'm yeah I
wasn't I wasn't expecting that
yeah it exceeded my expectation and you
know it's it's something I like after
your your 40th death and then you start
to understand that that every single
death is your fault and that's a hard
thing for I think a lot of modern gamers
to understand even bear or it's like no
no no the game didn't fuck up the game
isn't too hard I'm just not doing this
level chloric correctly it's like I
fucked up I need to get better and then
you get your first and olmec win and it
might be a cheap one and that kind of
victory is so hard to come by
it's still hard to do normally I mean
it's like if you don't Rob the black
market and just blow out that hole for
him to fall right into it's I still
can't beat him without bombs Oh out like
once in a while but most the time I'll
end up getting stuck between a wall and
just squash when he's up when we're like
almost toward the lava and I can't fight
the shopkeepers I for some reason can
make it through the crocodile brain to
fight the shopkeepers and so I always
have to beat Olmec naturally you know
with just dodging mute the music it
helps a lot because that music is so
terrifying once they get out though
maybe that's it like it puts you in a
state of panic
like soon maybe that's it but like oh
these are just robot old men they're
cool I can feel them free open and feel
free to do you feel good evening
it's truly terrifying and for those of
you who don't know yeah I know everyone
I got about three minutes to go
I think the chat that's mad again I
don't know why they're always mad yeah
that's always something we didn't do
this right we didn't do that right it's
fine it's fine
no I see someone's saying how do you
give constructive criticism if you think
something has fundamental problems well
and it's like it doesn't need to be
constructive why would you want to get
constructive criticism if you already
don't like liked about three or it's
just like there's other things to worry
about in life one very true you could
just turn it off and leave it alone
or you could give criticism but be
polite about it yeah you know these are
the things I don't like and these are
why I don't like them thank you for your
time and listening as an example I mean
and then you could always wait for the
game to be released and then just you
know make an incredible dissection of
why it's so shit those are always fun to
run absolutely I'm not so but but you
know waiting until it's released and say
not basing your opinions on a pre-alpha
bill would be helpful right there
and I say I keep looking at chat every
once in a while it's really hard to keep
up with present moves so quickly but and
I say the game is more post-death than
the enemy animations yes that's
something we really want to we're gonna
tie a lot of things to percentages so
that you'll get maybe like custom
animations every once in a while they'll
get Billa Easter eggs here and there
actually I think yeah I think the game
just recently did that which is um the
hardline battlefield hardline they put
into financier animations stuff like
that
so definitely enjoy that kind of stuff
if this demo or broke like no this is
this is a lock see so no this is pretty
much to stay a level that you can
memorize you won't be able to do that in
a pro game guys turn this into a Q&A;
I'll stop no no no I was glad you are
here this is interesting we don't get to
do a Q&A; with Deb's yeah that might have
been a joke because there and and this
is something you can weigh in on as as
you are making a roguelike is there is a
grand internet debate as what can be
called a roguelike lights will let all
those annoying terms but everyone loves
to make fun of and it's you know I can
understand the hate because it's popular
but as someone who has sunk so much time
into spelunky Binding of Isaac there's
an extra day into like these you know
some of those games aren't perfect but I
really enjoy them and they take what I
think is kind of a
I compared them to multiplayer in regard
that you can jump in and enjoy them for
small bursts so for long periods of time
and it's not based on memorization you
know there's there's freshness to it
every time so I think there's there's a
reason that popular right now and
especially something like this where if
you love the fast offensive gameplay
offensive not offensive can it be both I
guess yeah it does kind of work you know
it's a waiting for us to give it to you
and you can play it on the plane you can
play it without an internet connection
you know and not have to even jump into
some type of a multiplayer game just get
owned if you don't have people who look
at your skill level agreed I have a lot
of opinions about this first of all how
dare you have opinions even though you
made something how dare you give your
opinions on the food you make and why
you made it
I'm showing this game for the developers
and pixel Titans yes I mean all that
blood spray is so magic though right
big bathing in it big rectangles of
blood blood orgy but you're by yourself
so I don't think that works but that's
what Phillip sport will figure
nds Robert was our job the next episode
of previously reported is being edited
now our big episode on button prompts
and why they're ruining games button
prompts and cutscenes and why they're
terrible and retro shooters are big
episode on retro shooters you can see
our new episode at kickstarter.com slash
strafe
tom is our guest he may shell as much as
he likes
don't worry guys they're not having me
back
your life will be back to normal soon
it's no if you know it's normally just
talk about cramp I mean at this point in
this room usually we're talking about
like Howard the Duck or Star Wars which
we could talk about if you're interested
yeah what a rare opportunity we get to
talk to someone who is making a game and
you know as critics we never get this
opportunity and so it's like fuck it you
know I don't understand if people are so
I don't think they are upset they might
be trying to be funny I am so fucked
right now so fun say buddy oh fuck hey
yeah I know
oh no we have shock m'as he was going to
die in the trash it's as a metaphor for
his life this is artistic I love it that
burner hurts I'll do like a director's
commentary on our game if it were a
metaphor for my life I'd be living in
that garbage for another 50 years
guys now I need to hide behind I would I
would like a minute and just and then
mysteriously disconnected from the
internet
Oh internet connection got bad don't
know what happened and I'm still skyping
with you guys so I don't know that's
really really weird okay hold on I said
I was gonna get in a new beer like five
minutes ago
I'll be right
the bonus level like that can stay in
touch I don't know if he's saying you
should have one or he knows we do have
one but we have one it's due to
references it's fine
pork ribs or beef ribs inside like
pulled pork
I really can't tell the difference right
now I have to pretend they're moving
something they're asking you about rim
son dua plans perfect Kickstarter
unfortunately fails it will not fail
because people are parlor and they're
gonna come through in the last minute
nonetheless theater mone really fucked
it up drill you're a lot closer than you
were when I first heard about the game
like few days ago I was at 83,000 right
I heard your ad what he had on 120 130
oh okay
okay yeah let me pull up this leg boom
that's weird I just clicked on that link
you posted it and it took me through
this really awesome looking game I did I
did yeah how much string it's 130 mm
pretty baller but today has been a
struggle we're hoping that we have some
youtubers that are releasing their play
through the game tomorrow we're hoping
more people will stream tomorrow and I'm
I'm in the middle of a another editing
job just because even though we have a
Kickstarter with a lot of money attached
to it I'm really broke until like that
either comes through or I you know go
back to doing this part-time and start
picking up more video work so what so
what happens if you don't make the
Kickstarter we're gonna make the kids
there but if we so deep if we don't I
think we've had a lot of people
approached us with
instead of investor opportunity yeah you
know different different publishers you
know the the attention we got in the
first few days the campaign have brought
a lot of legitimacy to to the product
but I don't like those options I've kind
of been open about that because
Kickstarter allows us to make a game
then we want to make without having to
take input from a publisher you know at
that point it's not building a game for
us in the fans
I'd rather then the people who are like
you know look at this look at this and
and give us great feedback then saying
oh hey this needs to be done by this
point and I'm like Baiju we need to have
these levels done and if they just
aren't feeling right yet I don't want to
be determined by the bottom line I want
to be like this should give you my motor
broke that's a good game that's delay
it'll be good eventually but a bad game
will throw it bad forever something like
that I'm careful so yeah you know once
again you know we don't have the trust
of everyone then we're trying our best
to be right by people you know like
really hooking them up with some some
you know showing this off and giving
away some of the music and giving a free
build out once you know polished and
playable so hopefully people stick
around and support that
rich someone's giving their score they
say someone one of our one of our
Watchers just beat shotgun at five
minutes 20 seconds oh you motherfucker
and so now that's the that's the time
you need to be just to get on the
leaderboard oh yes all with big the
pinnacle of shooters that's pretty much
what we targeted when it comes do
Cleveland forever that is we do expect
to take 7 to 13 years to make this
because once again time is what makes
things good as we've discussed ad
nauseam McCoy her i've actually
programmed every enemy in the games of
age in real time so you can sit for 12
years and watch the button gray and
wrinkled you can watch them develop
relationships some of them will get
married you can attend their weddings
they are self-conscious physically so
you'll notice something eating disorders
you know some develop crushes what what
kind of like intense dialogue trees will
you implement so like we could try to
befriend them in order to get invited to
these weddings well right now that's
only implemented for the sexual
relationships oh so we're trying to make
a dating sim along with the shooter so
but it takes like real time to develop
so if you press PI will bring up your
smartphone and there's like an in-game
tinder
where you can rate the different enemies
and you know if you're lucky enough if
you put your stats into charisma and
your your swole what we call it is a
slider for school
yeah yeah so you get maximum gains yeah
that's when you um then hook up with a
glut and a stalker
love bad I think the reason I'm enjoying
the absurdity of this so much is you
know this conversation has taken place
at a triple-a developer so someone
talking about how can we incorporate
hinder into our first-person shooter
that was really a thing like immigrated
into that yeah I mean I don't know just
think of awesome experiences steroid
boom it keeps going through the floor
right picking those up know the pickups
keep disappearing
yeah you just kind of have to walk near
the box and yeah you'll get it
eventually
yeah
you know you know what you have right so
far you point your gun at a thing you
want to die and it dies yeah the food
comes out the tip and you're overfeeding
all the enemies it's that's why it's
rated on everyone oh so it's like a
nature like a nature documentary in real
time I am this depends on getting funded
or not but we've already problem solved
one of my favorite I'm just gonna tease
a secret here Oh No
which is if you decide there's gonna be
an option to turn you off it won't
really turn it off but but awesome stuff
will happen that gives me very excited
where they'll be rocket jumping that
that area right there is very tough with
the shotgun oh the high yeah I can't get
close to it before it spawns don't
believe in yourself ton of jellyfish I
think I just got a sprint for next time
that's a better plan
that's a better plan than believing in
yourself I don't believe myself I fell
too often in life to believe in myself
well that's why you have to put your
experience points into your confidence
meter I'm bugged I don't have that I'd
like to go on a blend Oh 75 thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
been with us the past four months map
window what I do like is when I was
playing the game just in case I did
phenomenally well I was putting in
prereq as the names
the name of the show would be on the
leaderboard rich he just put rich and
that's fine you know it's not a big deal
jack next time I'll be prereq okay will
that make you happy I just I thought it
was funny not saying that I was gonna do
well or anything if I walked about
if you watch this in full-screen I start
pressing R for you I like to reload when
you're down right now hey I reload a lot
yeah you can see on the side of the gun
there's um there's four that's something
you have to adjust my positioning and
such but there's a screen on the side
that actually has four bars that
disappear as we shoot oh that's great
let's see when he stops yeah the blue
the blue glow is oh yeah yeah railgun it
has the loading bar and um you know
we're still locking down all the exact
behaviors or everything oh sure
you know I really like the it was a very
subtle very simple loading animation for
the railgun so I was looking for that
with the shotgun earlier I just figured
I might have been too dumb to see it so
now it's just our positioning like when
we when we started the game we were
still I was determined to make the HUD
just the bar on the bottom doing style
but here the about wouldn't let me do
that so we're probably gonna have to
hide put the new face in the menu like
if you look down into the right I'll
have you up to have your face down there
I got barreled yeah I'm here to see this
one but because the HUD is an issue for
some people
I think that's an excuse for me to make
him make the the doom bar at the bottom
for as an option I love this helmet hug
though I really do love it oh it's
beautiful
people hate heads-up displays these days
and I don't get it there's valuable
information on our heads up display
mm-hmm
no we just played Metroid Prime last
week and so like this is very
reminiscent you know like having having
those helmet details in there it's
beautiful I agree yeah like if you see
the doc okay so what you're seeing is on
the left is of course health and and
ammo armor on the right is you're gonna
this with your scrap and your credits
but to the left of that will actually be
a you'll be able to see where your ammo
is at on your heads-up display so that
will animate it won't just be static
like that oh did you change your name or
you speed Rick right now um free Rick
oh shit not for long though not for very
long
yeah I mean strength is too dangerous
the game to place without a helmet on so
it's a good excuse to have his done in a
perfect world you would have a USB
peripheral where we could put on our own
helmets
there are helmet laws in California so
you know we have to build that into the
game sure sure sure and so you have to
it has to be a helmet and it also has to
be somewhat re renewable energy powered
in order to get that tax credit I'm
gonna give it a certification yeah so
it'll be a helmet and you'll also
include bicycle pedals that you will
have to pedal while playing the game to
power the helmet it's it's very future
technology it's great healthy lifestyles
yeah I'm actually getting used to the
controls now baby non-inverting all
you're never gonna go back I'm gonna
give it three more runs yeah I like it I
think that's a solid number
I mean if you go back and watch the
first run you guys will see substantial
growth in these first few rooms
sometimes most of the time you guys look
I've been with the machine gun this high
this goes out quick if you let this
thing linger it just really yeah I have
learned that and that's that's something
we like really want to balance as the
prioritization of okay deal with like
these enemies first and then get to
these guys so that you can kind of boil
it down to a science that's exactly what
I like about learning a roguelike he's
not just you know because the mechanics
are easy point your gun at the thing you
want to die this guy's eventually but
the strategy what enemy needs to be
taken out first where do I need to go in
this room or are they like overlook the
room where the barrels working at their
grenades I've learned to hate jellyfish
and that's what makes the game like it's
Mikey there are some you know old school
shooters some some Limoges that boil
down to nothing more than running
backwards and just shooting in front of
yourselves all the time and it's like I
enjoy those four but I can't play them
longer than 15 to 20 minutes before I
get in good I think valve battle for me
so by having movies like I don't know
almost like a puzzle when you're playing
you know having the ground P assets
having enemies with fire at the FT dodge
you know the risk/reward with the
barrels the hope is just to create a
rule set in which round you try to
manipulate it you're finding this room
may have more acid on the ground and
after everyone's dead it might be a
hopping puzzle you know others you might
just have a bunch of gluttons stranded
bash your face and it's a lot easier to
kill them so I like the variety to comes
with them I agree I agree and I'm not
only do I agree I like hearing you talk
about it you're selling me more kind of
thing I already bought it's just because
you drank too many of those pills I'm
honestly that's going to tell me I'm
like really beautiful
I really think you may got a real thing
going
Oh in those moments I just caught it in
the stream it may be far back but you
shot a glutton and it like fell forward
and like it does the fountain of blood
just came right at you it's so stupid
but in VR that is so fun are like
sitting underneath the ceiling is
dripping blood it's like those old
horror movies you know where they have
like really gimmicky 3dp
oh yeah jaws 3d yeah naturally it's just
nothing beats nothing beats fine into 13
3d yep the pitchfork where they went
just far enough where it was kind of
worth it like Peter Jackson did the
grape cheesy slasher films you know I
love like brain-dead and Dead Alive
gotta live was beautiful I don't know if
I actually I think that's bad taste was
his first brain that was the original
name for New Zealand in the round in the
world and they called it dead alive when
they brought it here oh okay so they
really didn't meet the Feebles which
look that Muppet movie to have like sex
scene yeah like of course I haven't seen
it but I'm sure Jay loves it yeah just
hearing that I know Jay loves
it's like I almost crave the alternate
universe where he never left making
those types of movies so that we have
more like interesting sloth to watch
movie you know anybody uses the word
schlock is okay in my book
what's sexy maybe that's another word
can't they go hand in hand
yeah a little bit a little bit of peanut
butter a little bit of chocolate mixed
together
5:21 you come on you got a tight time if
you can rise to the end Oh getting used
to the delay is the hardest part did you
do it rich no I did yes I guess I was
that was just my my cheering groans
that's a rough one yeah like especially
since you're making it like that's the
scrap yard well we felt internally scrap
yard a hard layout right here because
you have the stalker in the back that's
shooting at you you know and then that
hi I'm Murray started yeah you already
did it once with the machine guns thing
so I wanted shrim
try the shotgun before I had a better
chance make the leaderboard just keep
going to shock you know what I'm already
giving up I've already given up I I
showed you that I showed you the problem
what do you thought yeah yeah but you
have to be careful with that secondary
yeah
oh I'm not as dumb as Jack I think I'll
be fine
it's driving you're not I agree but you
don't need to say it I say that out loud
no I don't mean it just talking about
corncob 3d oh oh yeah no that's fine I'm
not joking I still have that tab ready
for me to play if corn comes through the
influences of development astray at all
I'm going to be 3d as in like
stereoscopic right like it's the mother
first oculus games yeah well you need to
download the glasses it's the old 3d
glasses download print of my own okay
he's got the secondary down yeah you say
that you say that yeah yeah great time
we start so I can put in different game
alright but yeah guys I'm gonna have to
go in like five minutes so anything else
I can clear up for you think that
thought no no I appreciate you coming on
that was great that was great this is
the classiest this show has ever been I
real I'm known to bring the class mm-hmm
know you've done it we we appreciate the
time it gave us we hope we can make more
people aware of what seems to be an
incredibly fun oh let me just send this
link to your beer again here's good boom
oh wait this room is in subscriber mode
only oh here I'll help you hey
subscribers you know it's really cool
that Kickstarter what would be really
cool I know someone posting the link to
the straight
Kickstarter and if you guys don't then
I'm going through so I only assume one
of you will post the link to it no we
really appreciate you coming out this is
our first time having
I've been you know I've been checking in
to all the people stream and I'll stop
in for a minute because I'm like I'm
busy running things so like okay I need
to get back to it but um I'll check in
and see how hard it is for me to watch
other people play the game and then um
yeah once I think I came in right when
you guys didn't figure out how to get up
the lift you can say so by the way I
failed so much that you had to come and
help me and so you're welcome everyone
for my failure once I'm reading the
comment it's making me confused now well
what does don't read the comments yeah
it helps a lot if you don't worry oh
they're being nice now that I'm leaving
thanks for checking out the game I'm
psyched you guys got a chance to check
it out which is pretty much the best you
can get something that it's not a bag of
shit yeah I give this to knock bags I
give this to bags a urinal
this is dumb this is a bag of shit you
give it eight out of ten stuff
there's no killstreaks no kills free all
right now after after playing with that
shotgun this this machine gun just feels
great right yeah yeah you should be able
to like this should be the levels where
the stock is more forward or get in the
face of gluttons miss pop them off the
rail gonna be great for the next level I
think the machine gun is good for the
person first coming to the game and you
know just trying to get their bearings
so she got the machine gun I think it's
not as far as what I'm liking yes both
really I mean the secondary is a blast
it's so fast I am assuming ammo will be
more scarce in the final room yeah it's
gonna be Resident Evil by any means but
um we do want your scrap to do there's
an economy there we want are you gonna
be incredibly offensive bullet holes
even more defensive
down go through levels more methodically
because be very easy just to spam this
grenade will that's slowing that we
other talked about that today when we
are watching another screen people to do
yes yeah so you could use that to
totally game assistant right now you get
high on the leaderboard
if it doesn't run on my booty - I'm very
disapoint well you're in luck
well that's pretty sweet
he just like hold the lift down great
yes that's always the answer yes yes I
can never master John be a twenty I will
always be an apprentice to riches
masterful hunkering down skills it's
been taking a lot of my time is I think
someone mentioned in here nuclear throne
oh yeah I still that's you know watching
me play that is like watching you guys
play this right now I don't know make it
be fun that's not a really insulting
sorry about that you can insult me all
you want it's fine everybody does but uh
first of all add to boron thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it nothing
thrown is very akin to this just the
heart is fun but still very fun and I
think that's fir for people who are used
to a different kind of game that's a
hard thing for them to wrap their brain
around like something being difficult
also being fun but the fun is beating
the incredible challenge yeah
diamonds that float like I yeah I can't
play the chicken character cuz he slow
down time still can't beat that yeah
anyway I have a new angle but anyway yes
Tom thank you so much for joining us
yeah thanks for checking it out guys
great goodbye everyone
adios thank you for joining us just hung
up on him okay fixes in the zone I'm
loving this machine gun noise now that
I'm kind of used to the inverted
controls
I'm loving machine gun yeah no machine
can we just talk about how crazy was
that we talk to a game developer hey you
know that's gonna it was gonna happen
sooner or later the game review show of
mild popularity who's there doubt about
like math and shit and I was like I
don't know what you're saying but I love
it math is a fine thing is a fine thing
but like I don't understand how to make
a game I just know what it is to play a
game you know and so
hearing him talk about all of the things
that things to make a game it it made me
spoon Tom made me sooner I hope I hope
he was awesome and it was great what are
you winning us the attempts do it make
it happen
I know something blew up and Abu Liam Oh
Cooperman or cop alright I'm gonna give
this one more damn run and then do you
want to play more are you done Jack
Cooper copper man thank you for
subscribing we've really much very
appreciate it I mean I'm gonna play this
I think I'm actually going to play this
throughout the week so I might just we
might have a special stream yeah I can't
play it anymore tonight cuz I had too
much to drink I was fine that's fine
subscribe I can't do anything else
prayers
here's range 2k thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
apparently I did not destroy that I say
one more run I meant to take as many
runs as you need
I want to get on one of these
leaderboards check and succeed yes
dig neutral I'm having a ballast point
sculpin IPA and it's my favourite thing
that's the moment really slightly fruity
IPA so it's it doesn't it takes off a
lot of the things of I bet I don't
has the stream been going through six
hours I would I start at 6:00 I'm like
Jesus then I would believe it so
throughout the week I might just start
playing this on stream because it's a
game that I'm enjoying at the moment and
I'll be honest with you I kind of want
to get on that leaderboard kind I want
to get on that leaderboard not many
people have this version of the game I
feel like I can I don't want to get
number one I can't get everyone knowing
but I could get on really talk like that
you certainly never will know I just
know I know my own limits
I know my own limit but if I can get
like that fifth place
I'll be out just put a little bit I'll
see you in a cab you're too late Jack
I'm gonna do it right now odd wasn't
three minutes no hey if you get down
there with the prelector name then we
got ourself from it I'm just prereq
right now so there we go
then then do it all power to you and
then I'll have one by association
I'm catching up on the chat now
apparently there was one control and the
dad who kept on saying bad things that's
okay if it why don't this driver only
mode that just makes it easier
you can't are a sage to Kay you can't
just run past the enemies in this game
because you have to hit a certain
percentage of enemies killed in order to
win the game
and so how the hell do you get 90
percent in two minutes
it's insane people have done it grenades
I switched to a grenade heavy strategy
that last run and stole that was my
halfway with at the two-minute mark okay
be the evil per chair future the evil
few chairs saying try running avoiding
all the enemies then using grenades on
bunch two enemies as the door is opening
in the end
hmm as apparently build a seat except I
you frozen up
I have frost you froze alright I think
I'm done
I like music the music's great when when
I stopped playing it I can't hear the
music now cuz I'm just listening to you
when I stops playing it I missed the
music we had an actual stream we did two
thing we had a guest it's kind of
amazing I'm I'm still reeling from that
I think that was great
yep I think it was great cuz for like I
want to say that wasn't there a dev when
we were playing necrodancer the first
time yes and we similarly threw it out
there like yeah you want to call in and
you know they didn't oh god no yeah and
this time was like yeah that's great I
think it's great
Robert Bazaar JA says is it me or has
Jack been drinking I have been I
probably had one too many and I'm okay
with that because we're ending the
stream now and I had a really good time
playing this game I will stream I'm
planning on streaming this one other day
this week I'm looking at my calendar now
you know it'll be a surprise if you're
subscribed to the channel you'll get an
email and I'll tweet it I'm just gonna
play to see if I can get that
leaderboard Oh what you're talking about
just playing this some random night not
Wednesday okay yeah yeah or Wednesday
you want to play I mean I don't give a
shit that's fine I don't give a shit
either shits are not given let's see
here okay great is that it I think
that's a yeah yeah I think we're done
having a great stream have a nice night
everybody
oh and I say thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you everyone else
who just came out to hear a really
fantastic stream with a person who makes
games and also made that video tom is
the guy that made the strafe commercial
I can't believe we didn't talk to him
more about that we should I brought her
up I I did my job
I wasn't thinking about it he made the
commercial were terrible interviewers
it's a good thing we're not interviewers
for a living yeah but especially me
thank you all for coming out anyway we
will see you another time we'll see you
Wednesday our Presley earlier yeah yay
all right I have no idea word on this so
I guess I'm just gonna know I didn't
really cut it off we're still going I
burped what you
