Episode 212
We figure out HAND OF FATE (Part 1)
March 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdXJjpHgIqk
___________________________________________

maybe if greats wouldn't glow maybe Jack
wouldn't find them or maybe I'd have to
actually be a detective and search for
them you know you know what though I
mean that's kind of the point of
detective vision and yet you do you know
you really don't have to have that on
right that's true that's true you really
don't have to have that on it'sit's kind
of it but I mean in some cases you do in
some cases it requires you to have it on
oh no oh hi everybody good evening all
you hacks and frauds yep you're right I
got a tweet I got a tweet hand hand of
fate hand of fate this is what we are
playing tonight between rich what were
we talking about earlier you want to do
on a rehash out that this which one
about the title about about the
clickbait title remains I'm hide much
for the record I was kind of against it
I I think that title has people going
into the video already already against
us and anything we might have to say
it's it's off-putting and it makes me
feel a little bit skeevy I'm saying
skeevy heavey sleazy my too extreme I
don't know and it's like I think like
the people that come in hating on us so
if it had a different title just
wouldn't come in what's fun no that's
fine so maybe like if a hundred people
click on the video who are like oh I'm a
call of duty is gonna say their decision
um maybe one of them though will be like
Oh a new idea maybe maybe maybe or
probably not
or probably not you know you I guess
either way everyone sang on my voice is
an echo yeah I think my voice is so nice
she can hear it twice switch so a lie
but it's why I appreciate your voice
shouldn't be an echo I don't hear an
echo hold on the title turned me on
right one weird one weird trick about
playing call of duty hold on for a
second oh I have to finish the tweet
still what the fuck sexy word oh well
done Harry fed thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it see we do ya
know they're saying that here's this
somebody said they agree with you on the
title like calamari is more immersive
the only the only problem with that the
topic at hand sure true but the topic at
hand was button prompts and I don't know
that the call of duty games are really
the the poster boy for button prompts
and games other than the one infamous
funeral scene uh well first of all I
know I'm right because factual record
thank you four sets that's fractal
Packard fractals fraction of all your
pants off over the line and you're
contradicting yourself that's why that's
what editing's for your not cohesive or
clear you're just kind of random fuck
kjb eight thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I'm so close oh
that one would buy thank you for
subscribing because we really appreciate
it
I mean you know it's it's slightly
misleading but call of duty did have the
one wat i am james it'd just subscribed
are you the real James it because if so
I enjoy the work that you do in the
videos that you make it's a little so
the titles are middle uh or what was it
so call of duty doesn't have a ton of
button prompts in the actual yeah every
game does it called but every game does
and call of duty is the poster child for
the modern triple a title so it all
right all right what the fun way that's
the real James in the James it is a
video maker he he made uh he the reason
I know of him is because he made the
promotional material for the binding of
isaac I including the really creepy
puppet uh the Isaac as like slimy
puppets I'm not see showed you that it's
good is good stuff press B to subscribe
thank you for pressing B and subscribing
we really appreciate this is zack i'd
had to get that out of the way how's
business get hey get that business done
rich so Isaac video puppet uh hold on
i'm james it'd yeah that's James it'd
okay okay just subscribed and I
appreciate it I'm forfeiting this game
because I want to start fresh how do you
know what's eat 10 I know you may try
again I asked him and he said it was if
this is too much trouble I guess it
might not rhyme early
if that if that might do better if you
can unless you to work with I still have
that kind of faith in people I kind of
trust in the people in the chat dr. I
killed the cat I don't hear riches echo
and no one else he was Rich's echo so
who all here's riches echo that's the
real question well I mean let me say
something so people can determine echo
question quick answers someone has to
find from Chicago I'm Chicago have I
ever seen Michael Jordan play basketball
in person yes when I was a kid maybe
maybe a little bit too young to
appreciate what i was saying but i have
seen michael jordan bendables play
they lost the fucking dicks but I saw it
well there you go he's up and that's all
that matters okay yeah I'm seeing
overwhelmingly that people are not
hearing echoes so I apologize but uh oh
and apparently it's Elvis delvis his
birthday today scared of returning to
the fray i believe i believe it was
amount of a field trip i got for being a
you still ain't IA altar boy I was an
altar boy and for the record I was
conscripted it was not my decision and I
hated every fucking minute of it so for
the record Richard Evans was an altar
boy no I was not molested I was very
loved how rarely one encounters the folk
you are fortunate oh wait I wanted to I
think I wanted to turn thee and and when
I say Chicago I I do mean the suburbs
because there are there are many suburbs
and if I if I say I'm from you know
those podunk I'm supportive with fucks
that but if I say Chicago everybody gets
the idea of cycling around the wheel and
dip Lena right memories oh hi oh we had
a new subscriber glory holdem was that
it hey didn't sit gloryhole dumb ok well
I think that was you thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
um as I start to play this game maybe
obviously we're gonna talk about the
episode we're gonna talk about a bunch
of different stuff I want to let
everyone know this is literally my very
first time playing this game and I know
almost nothing about it so it might be
terrible um I got jakab duska and I got
this lady I am marreth of the forest
folk my people have long helped the
mortals of this realm but Boone would
you ask of me I can ask for longer life
more supplies or goals i'm going to ask
for supplies at
I'm sure you agree negative food card I
don't know what that means I don't I
don't know anything about this game you
you told me it was like batman arkham
asylum that's what I saw I what I what I
saw someone who I follow on YouTube
jerma made a little video about this and
it has combat from batman arkham asylum
but it's also a deck-building RPG
roguelike which sounds like a mishmash
of ideas that shoot i think you've been
bamboozled it's and also it's very
possible I've been bamboozled but it
lives in every game by initial moment
where things begin I have learned these
cards all my days and the canyon is
enough what sky dandy thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
sky dandies been with us for the past
five months okay you see a weapon
glinting in the sunlight lying next to a
skeleton at the bottom of a canyon I
think we should climb down and retrieve
the weapon okay for cards 30 inches of X
less you wanna change my failure ooh we
succeeded and we got a weapon card
when axe what are doing so far you're
just gettin you're just gettin dolt card
eyes are you I'm just getting dealt
cards so this is ax gives me more damage
so I'm gonna say yes I want that acts
when do you hit thanks that's what
that's what I'm wondering is when I hit
things rich Evans routers humbles thank
you for subscribing I was never really
appreciated you I'll make an exception
other thing is this game has combat okay
Markham are you like gambit can you
throw exploding tarrant cards no I think
like the cards are basically items even
used but I don't know let's see here
this card mr. Lionel mr. Lionel whilst
enjoying your evening meal at the local
tavern a strange old man takes the seat
next to yours he taps your shoulder
quiet quite painfully with his wooden
staff to get your attention and you
noticed that he appears to be a goblin
poorly disguised as a human his wizened
face grins at you with a hint of madness
my name is mr. i know if you give me
what I need boy I will conjure up for
your heart's desire with my Wizarding
wand of my own creation what he he
crackles uncontrollably for a few
moments then sits patiently waiting for
your answer I can give him bread ask him
what he needs or ignore him okay I'm
gonna give him bread he considers the
bread seriously before placing it
carefully in his coat pocket seemingly
is satisfied mr. Lionel taps his staff
on the ground and a shield materializes
at your feet there you go old bean he
smiles a worn grim a warm grin that
reveals his chipped and yellow two teeth
your face reminds me of my son I haven't
met you before
I I cannot expect that might be a giant
because i right maybe i'm sam by i need
to see more of this game i'm just lost
at this point i'm not a funny voice that
was my cobbler perilous I got goblin and
he's back I'm TG Phoenix is asking me to
ask you if their spikes in the scam no
way we've we've gotten the running joke
out of the way and we could carry on
somewhat someone in the chat is very
upset that I I said that yeah but
there's tarrant cards when he throws
playing cards obviously I know this but
this Terran card game first of all right
and also yeah anything really yes
typically playing cards but he can
charge the putt typically whatever
gambit yeah yeah it kind of fetish
didn't he The Wolverine bobbya gambit
was the coolest motherfucker in all of
x-men history gambit was the boba fett
of the x-men universe everyone loved him
and he was great and then he appeared in
that Wolverine or can't see how a movie
would kill his comment career that's
that seems weird I'm sure he's still
around in the comics I haven't no I have
no idea as I have not read an x-men
comic in a long time okay wait shields
use y tu precio okay great you can now
reflect your opponent's rain finally the
tarot cards not tear it cards make good
wife why the fuck when you put it to in
their hearts
it's a science yes yes TG Phoenix
hammered a lotta to throw an exploding
spike he can throw an exploding spike he
can throw exploding anything that's what
he did for God it's what it is well you
know like I think it takes I think the
larger the mass of an object the longer
it takes to fill it was at the deal
netic energy that was the deal and so
that's why playing cards were so great
because they were so thin that it was
easy to quickly charge and throw them
okay i am not an expert on gambit but
that is what I believe ok I have
discovered the exit to this area I just
want you to punch something their
journeys well begun okay i think i'm
doing it in full wait you show some no i
have more cards now perhaps this will
not be his ball right apparently i show
aptitude for it it technically throw
people and have them explode then I yes
I think he actually did that once
somebody that would first of all that
would be awesome but I just think it
would take a long time to I wasn't maybe
maybe it's one of those things where
it's not organics maybe he just made the
guys like outfit explode and him along
with it oh I wonder if I wonder if he
can make organic objects explode in a
shady grove off the beaten trail you
find a traveling merchant looking to
trade with wandering adventurers pass
approach the shop greetings why is
traveler I have much to offer you Oh see
I haven't played the game yet I have a
medician i'm walking collecting old ok
you now have your own lot of shop
without thing to get a lot of shot the
Gator there's a shop the back and forth
between resources and rewards rich love
ok I have gold oh I have zero called
though one person saying I'm too loud
compared to you ah that's possible I
suppose I did a sound test earlier and
it seemed fine i did momentarily move
will go for my microphone
okay I don't have anything yet to sell I
you sure you want to leave the shop yes
okay just be patient I'm being patient
I'm being patient from the from the
small amount of gameplay footage that I
saw without reason ah this seemed
exciting this seemed exciting and deep
and so I'm excited to get playing I'm
giving it a fair shot while crossing the
ancient rope bridges of Deadman's gorge
you hear sounds of movement from below
it's an ambush draw one monster card the
two of quest oh god I my time if I'm now
desperately waiting for you to fight
something it's gonna happen yeah maybe
oh wait what's happening whoa hoodon
took 12 years to make you can now
counter your opponents oh my god I'm
going to see the flashing indicator
attack stun counter drop
why don't we watch it as you want
exciting amazing oscars that typically
talking about just the batter's what the
Academy thanks I guess a lot of people
were tweeting at us when I when I said
we were we were streaming today and like
you aren't watching the Oscar Oscars and
it was just like a whole bunch of dopes
man do I not give a fuck about the
Oscars who we get one equipment card
most fun too much wiley exciting combat
age you know it's it's it's services i
think that was the tower real would you
like to equip the sword and my axe does
more damage so i'm going to say no i do
know what took up the sword oh I gained
five food whatever that means and 15
gold that's great that's great you have
reached my the jack of dust a good man
driven to madness by a wall that took
all from him wife and child kick a rich
do you have a sag card now that they
refuse Britta lion I forged my tools now
we see your metal this token will unlock
more cards if you can defeat this
encounter
oh okay all right I think this is it
this is like the first real fight that
was a tutorial fight dodrill stun attack
counter okay okay I can do this the four
of deaths I'm fighting ironically Jack
of those oh my god wrap that is weird
right I like it so I mean Jack's like
common name the odds I'm an immune
fighting a character called Jack are
just like get out of I'll but just like
I just one in three that's amazing right
oh that's me I forgot which one was me
for a second so they they've even got a
new power about it yeah maybe even have
the spidey sense
oh okay oppa not doing great
that's right nded uh in continuing what
you've said yeah I am being a dick right
bow I'm being Yankees make it right now
down oh I also see me right right bow
this one I'll stop right bow one
champion has been sent starting yet
bottle only at the start about route 11
typos are the easiest thing to make fun
of so we like doing it she fought for
turtle not reach the love the older
wasn't me do you have 10 you Doria dorje
hooker I will do the odor Jay hookers
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and thank you for letting
me get your name wrong tongue no I like
it I like the odor Jayhawker better
figuring it out what the fuck her orphan
ma'el radical or more I guess there's no
I in there so I guess a small red call
thank you yeah I'm all right Oracle
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it shall we do you again okay
oh here we go so here's where it gets to
deck nothing so it just added a bunch
car I'm say six we can begin in earnest
now I understand I don't feel like I do
understand the nice things but I'll day
I eat donuts what do you mean you don't
make fun of my stuttering inward flops
everybody makes one of my front of my
stuttering and word gloves clubs clubs
whatever happens all the time ah ok jack
of skies megami meet the jack of skulls
ok would you like to use recommended
equipment and encounter deck yes your
decks have been updated great I don't
know what to do here we go
leftover beef cake says this game
appears to be tedium punctuated by
little sporadic moments of action so far
yes I don't want to judge it okay to
quickly yet for the record I was all set
streamed the second half of Orcs Must I
it's all set for that yeah yeah yeahs
got preempted preempted by hands of fate
you know I thought hey I'm nice to play
a new game we play on the same game a
lot I'm just teasing Jack this is fine
we're giving this shot you know what i
am i'm giving this giving it a shop and
i gotta say watching it now obviously
it's early in the game yep i don't i
don't see any good reason why i wouldn't
rather just play the combat challenges
in the Arkham games yeah that's what
it's seeming like so far but I'm
guessing that there is some sort of
what am I supposed to do here your deck
I removing things I'm removing things
from my deck oh I get it okay I
understand what's happening now okay
great
and you're gonna you gotta start playing
orcs must die jack just just so I can
have somebody to play co-op with in the
second game okay no it sounded like that
gap axis axis it looked like fun i will
add my own cards anyone's just showing
me the dow boring life would be got a
little spies how boring life would be
without a little spice what fun would be
like without the internet
okay here we go we're getting into the
game easier when you're complying full
on gates happening wait for life and
death well no he's still dealing oh damn
it he forget we're picking cards again
the music got really exciting I always
thought it was best to avoid the
problems of bounds I see the music out
really sounded like we were like it was
like a cutscene before I'd go into
battle but ok ok ok you hear a shout
from up ahead and the sounds of battle
racing forward you discover a warrior
surrounded by undead broken bones
littered the area around the man but
there are still more closing in on him
he appears to be badly injured a
stranger he calls out as he throws his
weapon to you here take my mace and put
an end to these monstrosities ok it's a
long we gonna get amazing steak not
terribly subtle it's I like that it's a
lump of iron on a stick now Terry cetera
ah great yeah i'll equip that that
sounds great ok here we go I think I get
to fight undead things now it's
happening ok it's happening ok it's
happening ok maybe oh yes okay I do get
the fight only just seeing the mace yeah
I can't comment on how your fight is
going
need to remember much like Batman that I
need to slow down my attack buttons yes
I i can't speak for this game yeah back
Matt Batman it's all ticket take your
time get the rhythm I'm not doing great
I don't against my first real fight I
don't see the the spider sense on these
guys I did I also did not see the spider
sense on these guys but you know what
what they did do they were they raised
their swords almost as if they're
removing even the visual cues so I need
to is there a culture button is the
question there is there will not a
counter button there's like a there's a
there's a counter button a stun button a
hit button and a role button' and so i
have to time the counter button
correctly when they like as they are
striking i can't just press at any time
okay so token is yours well fuck the
token is mine great we did it char's we
did it thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it twisted canyon you
see a weapon glinting in the Sun white
lying next to a skeleton at the bottom
of the canyon do we client now you know
what I'm good we can't counter unless
you have a shield is what the chapstick
and I I do have a she might think the
world of the cards is grim yes even in
the darkness there is light who we get
the maiden one-day initiative off your
counter an elf maiden she stops too
greedy high apparent that the first hook
many people have helped the mortal
realms I'm going to ask for supplies
I get to food cards I think I need food
cards I don't know why ok here we go
down once more stairs seeking the heart
of the door rich what do you think of
the telltale games I haven't played many
of them they look more like a quick time
event fest than I do like adventure
games further in fact yeah I do not know
if you have what it takes to do better
than they did so I saw a little bit of
The Walking Dead game and some of it
looked intriguing like the the you make
decisions but I I worry that your
decisions don't affect things as much as
I would like and it's mostly the
QuickTime events that's that's where I
worry about what the walking dead game
that's that's exactly what it looks like
that's exactly what it looks like
approach the shop I guess yeah okay I'm
gonna shout now I had gold at one point
but I don't have gold anymore I don't
think
so I don't exactly know what's happening
heal wounds I could heal wounds sell
items do I have any items to sell no I
only have a mace buy items healing cap I
don't have any gold don't have any gold
we're done all my gold go I don't get
this game yet rich between talking hbu
and reading the chant I don't get it I
get it lest I get it far less that's ok
I see things going on in my peripheral
vision at times great oh I think I get
to fight again so that's good I feel
like I need to get better at fighting
who the four of dust monster card what
does that mean I don't know does that I
die right for animals ask if you can
sell things all these things you can but
you can only sell stuff that you have
equipped ok ok
yeah oh my god rich there's no snow
sense they take away the spidey sense oh
and I don't have a shield of it that's
why I can that might be why he's
fighting sense but I had a heavy in on
this tutorial you had a shield maybe
athletes too real you didn't have to
choose any more that could be the you
should use your line right jack ryan
braun easy mac crocodile brand lion we
know the both the same thing the lime
green is like crocodile brain use your
lion lose your lion drain because right
we've arbitrarily decided that that's
the better of the two i did it i use my
lion brain and i won I know what I did I
rolled while searching the area for
anything worth salvaging you realize
that one of your opponent's is only
pretending to be dead should I sneak up
and kill them or flee dang i think i'll
probably sneak up and kill them or your
vile fucker fuck those guys who i have a
three out of four chance
oh I did it I did it oh I get I get one
equipment car great men we saw our souls
salts of myth and legend for you know
the mace nice try telecon but I'm not
helping you with your bingo nice
choose your next card cave oh no the
maze of trap in the hope of treasure
tool I could ask for and while fuck yeah
let's enter the cave let's enter the
cave let's see what happens run away
nope I'm entering the cave okay here we
go oh oh it's more game it's more
gameplay
now we okay here we gonna be rich now
helping with gringo is on my jingle yes
hey rich any possibility of a dishonored
stream now here's my position on
dishonored I have I did play it a little
bit back on my puter with school crap
and the game ran like shit dishonored
seems like more of a Heath game than the
last deef game that came out so I think
this is something I'm going to want to
just take my time with and enjoy without
without without the distraction of the
green going on and trying to be
entertaining I just nothing I just want
to be quiet and play there getting my
own at some point yeah oh no this is a
setting they give you pots him again you
can't smash them oh so that's why do you
need to spare parts Jack if there are
pots in a game oh yeah that's that's
always been one of the dumbest ropes
smashed patil well I just needless
destruction of these these these pots
just seems silly yeah sure oh by the way
by the way this game is one hundred
percent confirmed for spikes there are
spikes in this game so Phoenix we
figured it's always been weird to me
when link just runs into somebody's
house just starts destroying their
furniture and stealing their money no I
don't like that you don't like that but
I do it because I need the money so you
know all the game just go like not do
that with a face I'm happy grateful that
makes me glad okay okay well I did it I
got through the maze of traps I got some
good treasure I have some gold some food
and some health after opening the chest
the traps laid dormant and you make your
way back to safety oh I get it now by
the way I just figured something out
rich I figured something out all by
myself I can go back a car you can go
backwards in the game and so if I want
to go back to cards I can go back to the
shop but I think then I think I have to
play that ambushed again I don't know I
just I just OTG Phoenix it's very happy
about this place well as he I mean
listen that's Phoenix's goal in life is
to figure out whether or not a game has
spikes and I think we're helping we're
helping catalog the the spike Excel
spreadsheet I'm gonna try moving
backwards and see what happens by the
way I lost a food but I think I lose a
food no matter what yes this is how you
do it you can apparently every time you
move your so there's your little piece
on the cards right every time you move
your piece you lose a food so costs one
food to move your piece but now I can go
back to the shop and maybe buy something
okay
I really isn't it exciting figuring
stuff I were paying more attention to
the game I'm this might might make more
sense to me yes I'm kind of no part of
you i'm reading things in the chat so
assistant yeah oh no no that's fine the
time well for anyone who is paying
attention to the gameplay you can move
backwards in the deck of cards which is
something very exciting ok so now if I
want to I can buy items and i think i do
want to buy items because i saw a
healing cap which means that any healing
that the player receives is doubled and
that sounds awesome so what's the
endgame here what's the goal that's a
good core increasingly effect of one
sort of magic with another all you need
is a channel for power and it's simple
enough ok great ok we did it sometime
saying by a shield oh I should buy a
shield that's a good and that's a good
idea can I beautiful do they have a
shield they don't have it they do not
have a shield so I cannot buy a shield I
can buy a food for four dollars or 10
food for third I can buy one food and
I'm going to do that
by another food great okay great make
sure you want to live yes all right it's
just exciting to me what I understand
something in general so now I have a
good healing item which means any time I
he'll like eels double I'm starting to
one is Lionel leaving this card in what
quick way to get your hands on a shield
mr. Lionel is there the the the Goblin
Oh give him bread on your plate yes oh I
think he gave me he gave me a shield
last time well you need that shield yeah
hey wait I got was important as a strong
right arm if you give mr. Lionel food he
gives you a shield and he must give you
a weapon if you give him a if you give
him gold
head down this is she like permanent or
is it like a one time use as a card or
how does that work I will find out I'm
about to leave this area so I'm about to
embark on the next leg of my major but I
believe I keep the shielding that sounds
good bind and killed a jack of skull yes
we can progress okay now all I need to
do is find and kill but yes they can all
say concerns foo let's see what this
will also heal as you preside notice
that okay okay here we go the traveling
mage in a shady grove off the beaten
trail you find a traveling merchant
looking to target with wandering
adventurers what the fuck indeed every
time I want to text for yet jack then
what the fuck oh hey I didn't hear that
yeah rich Evans is my waifu haha thank
you for subscribing rich Evans is Maya
waifu what is what does weaver whose a
white faux anyway um I have no I think
we've been through this that we have no
idea I believe it's okay so there's
something immature people call a wife
yes i believe it's something people who
have no casino okay my wife no I'm not
deaf you see I'm i don't have the g
stream audio on because i am i'm talking
with Jack over the skype so i don't i
don't hear those kind of stream related
noises on here any i don't even hear any
of the game audio this is all this all
mute to me I can smell the sword it's an
anime wife the fuck is an anime wife
okay
that's a good question you can't marry a
cartoon character what is it what is an
anime wife and how is that different
than a regular wife hi traveling mage
doesn't do much there's some shit to buy
a button we're not going to worry about
that oh I'm running low on food I only
have five of food left reveal I like
this Devils Joyce he lies as often as he
tells the truth there's a token in it
for you if you win Oh a cloaked devil
appears in your path I'm here to test
your strength so-called hero choose your
foe doing on three of dust three of dust
or two of dusts was a stretch three of
dust three of those screws dust I need
to chew I need to choose my phone um
take a 30 no challenge yourself okay
sure middle or am this is the same to me
okay
nice voice is Jack I do I know you guys
like the voices or you just say you like
the voices either way I'm doing them
okay here we go here we go oh I have a
shield now so we'll see if we'll see the
spider sense yes we seize your spider
sense oh and it's so helpful
we're already Star Trek novel no not
really i never get into the novels yeah
i guess i guess they don't have a good
reason why not I just haven't excellent
the devil cries you have passed my
cunning test have some treasure perhaps
the next time I bats gross I will kill
you myself the dealer draws three game
cards ah that was great i think i'm
going out combat by the way just get a
shield approaches drink use the camera
oh I get a new weapon during combat
press a right to bumper to throw knives
and eighth cardinal directions attracts
provide powerful special abilities to
using comm chatter saying you sound like
Daddy them I don't know if that's a bad
thing that was it well you know i was
just i saw devil and i knew i needed an
evil voice and you know usually the
devil has like that dark and foreboding
boys you know i will get you gadgets
like I cannot do that that kind of thing
I don't think so you cannot do that I
can do all sorts it doesn't work all
good ah yeah you gotta go you gotta you
know you really have to fuck yes it's
unpleasant hey no God yeah too much
phlegm this sorry I can't believe I
canis it's beyond my range which is very
narrow as it is you know what I can't
how about though Demi go punch Jack of
work
Lloyd beats thank you for subscribing
these past six months have been murdered
sorry oh that actually hurt that rich
you are a terrible way fool oh thank god
whatever that well bandit is that you're
the only person in history has ever been
excited by bandit attack well you know
it's exciting anytime you get a game in
the game a group of bandits suddenly
attacks you the king of dust isn't happy
about you killing his men the other
bandits refinery by the way the dealer
draws one monster card see if you're
clever the band it would be voiced by
some kind of musician not Sean Connery
oh like Kurt Cobain or or or John Lennon
he doesn't down fighting over yeah John
Lennon though they're like oh hello the
king of dust isn't happy about insulin
be one little pathetic oi
not that i can do Paul McCartney either
but what's wrong I don't remember the
text is not on this book or I try to do
it as Paul McCartney the king of dust
isn't happy about you killing all Xena
posters in episode you killing all of us
blender to a second I can't do it I
can't do anything basically I can't do
impressions and I can't do it since I
can't think I can't read Michael see my
only by hella is being useless it's Ted
your talent you are full of charm and go
to heaven wasn't going to cook your oh
that's a good beetle mmm Ringo isn't
even the best drummer in the beat that's
the only thing I know about the Beatles
is Ringo they you know they were doing a
press conference is Ringo the best
drummer in the world mmm Ringo isn't
even the best drummer that's funny
that's funny I just know that Paul
McCartney's very talented okay among the
bodies you find a scrap of parchment
with a rough description of you plus an
offer of a reward from the king of dust
the dealer draws one game card whoo
I get to inspect the next card wait oh
so I know what's coming up okay I get
you okay are you kind of digging this
that's what would know yes that's great
then who would play at this game I
really like I really like deck building
games did you ever play down here no i
did not us that's the only that's the
only kind of that's my biggest kind of
deck built yeah I'm late Monday with you
right but I've never played the the
penny arcade game the penny arcade game
was pretty funny um any sort of any sort
of did you play on the marvel game with
us that might have been Jay Marvel has a
good I'm assuming you're not talking
about that game somebody sent us no not
that one which by the way someone sent
us a board game yes homemade board game
and I still haven't figured out how to
play it win this and claim my token okay
you see an ancient ornate coffin in the
main burial chamber it may hold
spectacular wealth but it will surely be
guarded draw two monster cards oh Jesus
Christ we got a two of dust and the two
of skulls skulls sounds let's see what
you've had a lot of dust I haven't seen
many skulls I think that that means it's
more or it could be just different type
like skull make you get you got like
skeleton sailing off with skulls the
night that would be my guess I did not
sneak up on them does that mean I have
to fight them that's kind of what I
wanted to do anyway rich play evolves
how about I don't play evolved and say I
did
yeah yeah I played involved yeah it was
great okay yeah
those games are I watched the trailer
and not one thing about that game looked
interesting to me or like something I
would like or care of light not really
the size of digging at vassar oh I will
bear that in mind i'm doing a fuck out
of this good so it's like a
deck-building Game where and so
basically by the way next time you come
over for game night we're gonna play
back building game because they're
awesome it's like a deck-building Game
but then those things turn into real
things that you're Batman can wear for
your fights this is great let's see here
we have three game cards I have never
played yugioh or magic I've never much
cared for the idea of a deck-building
Game where you get to buy better stuff
for your deck it seems a lot like the
current model of free-to-play where you
get to pay to play better you know or
it's like if someone could just buy more
magic cards and get a better deck
they're gonna have a better chance of
winning i like the deck building games
where we everyone starts with the same
base leavin Tori and engage like the one
for all you know grants go bonus for
really getting together than a level you
know I still rise to a quick she
explores helmet I am sure that's the
right approach so those type of games
while i'm sure i would enjoy i don't
care for the the way in which you build
take the token it is you i want to the
only i think the only card game I've
ever played has been munchkin with you
oh the other other than poker but I'm
not sure that counts oh that sounds good
magic the gathering has a steam game
which features no play to get cards or
pay to get cards that sounds good now
we'll play a deck-building Game it's
really fun it's good times the undead of
all the plays whoo here we go Jack of
skull these are the most dangerous in
the world yet in no natural form a
wrongness an error cheating Dominion its
deck building and at the end of the game
all the cards go back to the box no
buying required yeah that sounds great
challenge for the games that I really de
token if you succeed ok ok we have a
fight this is a fight big lie my god
obviously this is only level sure you
know what it's like okay here we good I
know you don't care about these things
but what exactly is the story behind
this I believe shots with Larson who is
dealing out who are avoided a you agile
is like is like the gamekeeper in okay
that's day so I believe you are playing
for what I have to plan for your life I
believe it's applying for your life oh I
get
oh my god some of the skeletons have
guns just just putting out there is
someone I don't have guns no that's work
at all and that got attendance let's go
off and then this terrible just terrible
should never be sad again every setting
on its I mean that was being married i
think i would say once more
boom fucking bull skull got skull gun
great
ah well done well done indeed I did now
that home improvement is responsible for
gamma house first acting role as I even
I young enough see what coming have
watched Oh is she like Oh host us kind
of on the show within a show she tools
you know she was five she was she was
like one of ya ladies on tool time that
is nana western is it not okay stuff is
being added to the deck now Oh to
Mason's great okay
scavengers can creep rich you should
play that gladiator game again it was
fun swimming them swimming shadow of
rome's but i'm just gonna retire on the
shadow of Rome is pretty great
egg-xcellent it's the stealth sections
it's pretty great
Elmo's reflection consuming shame
angel's wings frostfang deal again so
then all the stuff that I just unlocked
gets added to the deck and some of it I
can use it you know like then it gets
dealt and someone I get to use as
equipment and some of it is like another
round base and out gay in den locate
begins mm-hmm okay now I get to play the
queen of dust so for people watching
listen liking the game what what is this
called again because my stream sis
belong key wednesday stream i need to
refresh okay so it is updated properly
it is updated this is hand of fate this
is uh i wanta this was an early access
game it is not an early access any more
fully released hand of fate how much
she's calm it's okay whoa neat box
normally 25 down to 20 bucks for like
the next couple of days as its release
weekend sale and basically all the
combat is Batman Arkham Asylum is the
best way I mean it's plays exactly like
that but it has this deck building
element and that the building is how you
reveal she did not collapse we are uh
items weapons she took up arms organized
her everything like the game board this
country where death guilty like these
are committed to be the one delete
ok so now so here's here's where we get
to some of the hero gets some of a nerd
stuff so in my deck down here is all the
stuff that could come up during the
round and all the stuff up here is stuff
that we can add to my deck that possibly
could come up so obviously we won't make
sure that shields aren't their armor
like I don't care about the Explorers
helmets on removing that healing cap we
want demo please was great what is this
mercenaries contract once per combat
press right bumper to activate an aura
that makes every successful striped rock
drop goal do that's good we want them so
now my deck can have 14 cards in it and
I want to make sure that I've stick all
of the things that no if you want to
increase your chances of drawing a
shield i'm assuming chef more shields in
there but then you'd be wasting slots
because you can only be one anyway right
is that about how that works ok right
right but if you see here like this
field this is a fortitude breath this
card and us is constant sorrow so like
this is like a special skype I don't
know what it does
but yeah if I want to add in another
shield and another good weapon here like
like this frost Fang sounds like an
awesome weapon she do I even want a
normal sword no I don't want a normal
sword explores helm helm of reflection
like and then a lot of this stuff is and
so like this card here is a card I've
never gotten before and so I don't even
know what it does ok so I get it you
know which is very exciting so I'll get
that I'll get the helm ok great have
some weapons have some shield oh I you
know when I don't want this armor like
here I have two medium armors it's like
I don't think I need to medium armor oh
well so I could get rid of the armors
and add another shield just to really
make sure that I get a shield that is
that as your horn another weapon right
or or a mace or another you know what
I'll try and act so I'll get next ok
great
and then you can also set up your
encounter deck you know all the stuff
that you can do in there oh god it's
great so it's like the maze of traps was
easy I want that in there oh my god this
is nerd heaven it's all the best parts
of video games and carnage because in a
deck-building Game this is the Shanna g
right every card has its own unique cost
and benefit has its own unique risk and
reward and so then figuring out what
each card does is like what the
roguelike elements add to it
but like I can get rid of is it weird to
have a single player deck-building Game
income maybe
maybe I don't know maybe it's just never
existed before because i don't know
maybe some deck building games are
single player I don't know that meant