Episode 216
Dis-Order (Part 2)
March 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb2-hwlnmJA
___________________________________________

[A]
yeah oh yeah I mean or else I'll just
buy them all which I you know like I
just need to pace myself I'm gonna run
out of stories and then I'm gonna have
to start buying individual comics and
that's that's when you're addicted just
you know I don't want to be addicted to
comics again maybe I won't read that
issue you loaned me then no you should
it's great fuck am I supposed to go
there saying that's why you need the
dots now I like comics I like comics and
I've been really enjoying the storyline
so looking forward to it I'm trying to
get up there it's not what I'm inclined
oh you know what it was what I was
waiting for the prompt I'm so used to it
I'm so used to it I was waiting for it
haha it's weird they have prompts for
everything in this game except the
platforming yeah it's so weird right
isn't that an awful place to be in worry
we're like you're so you get so it's
Stockholm Syndrome you're so used to the
prompts that when they're not there you
miss them
the game is dark yeah
gritty Irene Hellboy I like I like
someone help like I don't like Oh Albert
I like some help we're gonna get late no
mother it's right here Oh
Richard Scott plug don't worry guys
Richard's got the plug Jebus I got blood
blood blood blood blood I got that blue
oh god this one's comically shortly
comically short I'll deal for now but
when you play oh shit
why do they even call you a knight in
this game do you have a code of honor do
sir you're technically a knight of the
round table yes like a king Arthur
Knight of the round table yes you taking
away feeling power from the Holy Grail
from the Holy Grail and it is very much
Arthurian legend yes only with machine
guns and no armor and laser guns also a
lazy lightning lightning guns and so you
are not you are better respect Tesla in
fact you are Sir Galahad yeah you are
I mean not the sore go ahead you might
be they implied you can live centuries
sure you might be sir go ahead and so
but also of the Knights retake their
master oh that's true so you in any case
you are a knight of the round table you
serve
mother England but you know you're kind
of the superb reinforcers oh yes your
your English night and you're fighting
the stop of revolution yeah this is the
most unamerican game I've ever played
yes because if you beat this game you
are helping the British defeat the
revolution
yes they have gray Lexus and so they are
although they are immortal but they can
still die if they get stuck like if they
just live to their lives that's gonna
one stab you then they would live
forever
they cannot dive through aging some of
them look old they may age slow yes if
someone is calling this a Gears of War
clone they do and war is far too much
going on yeah that's the thing they do a
disservice to Gears of War like just
because something has chest high walls
and the cover system does not make it a
gear of war clock I don't care enough
about what happens to me let's get
through this come on
oh really not more like gears of bore am
i right guys
yes that was good that's a great one
burger oh he said shotgun
yeah shotgun specialist you can do a
rich I believe yeah I believe in you
did you not shoot again right away that
time you can do a rich I believe in you
I believe in rich yeah punch him in the
deck got what he deserves yes
whenever you melee someone I refer to it
as punching someone in the dick because
early on fuck up I got ya
punch him in the deck we be punching
people's dicks in here dick punch
specialist right now I have I'm 100%
sober as we discussed at the beginning
in the stream there is no beer here
which is very upsetting to me as someone
who is hoping to have a gear need to be
here
there is no beer and we're gonna just
gonna have to be okay with that we're
just gonna roll with the punches roll
with it which and I have been playing
this game one o'clock this afternoon
because we you know like everyone we had
heard that it was phenomenally short we
did take a pretty long and break I want
to say we have the seven eight hours and
so far a little bit of fucking around
going on early yeah there's a little bit
of fucking around and we took a break
like we took it's not dinner break and a
chat break home jump in the dick it is
Villa hecka it is and usually there's
beer here but there's
how's the game alphanumeric or
chronological or chronologic this game
is Crohn's disease
it's pooping oh shit punch him in the
dead dick punch
punch him right in the dick this game
looks good really is that a thing that
was sent that's what they're saying and
I agree I agree this game looks good by
mr. Schine smile thanks for coming out
steam page review this game is Crohn's
disease ax is this coming out for steam
is this out on steam I'm looking at dick
punching always saves the day take a
mental note in a tight spot punch a
different ultrafire
this is Laxmi Bai the leader of the
rebellion she is your Confederate have
you taken leave of your senses man I
might ask the same question important
stories that means we do not have time
for this we needed help and she's the
only one I could turn to this is madness
you're putting the very core of our
order in jeopardy I just I said the
order have to trust me you asked that we
find proof she was with me in black war
she witnessed what I found there you
mean to tell me that she helped you
destroy the United India Company Doc's
my father was right that was an act of
pure terrorism
she used you she brought this conspiracy
to my attention this is a news story
the vampire what Spira seeing jack yeah
don't forget about that oh my god there
are vampires in this game she had you
remember when that happened that was
kind of fun we've just been shooting
winces people in standard boring cover
based shooters that's right we shot more
feet we've been shooting more people
oh god no so far I think we've been
playing this game for like seven hours
total something about dick punching
they're all reversed vampires cover my
ass you people just nobody nobody help
me out over there no no no my people
help me out there
did you try punching anyone in the dick
oh here we go
I should have let men die down oh we
gotta get you a better job
you're me I like how your machine and
gun is more effective than your
high-power
you can do it back come back to the
musket we've punched each other in the
genital for hours I would rather play I
would have to play with their name for
that kind of showdown no this is just
the showdown I'd rather play a game
called showdown in whiskey you and
another person shoot each other in the
general for seven hours and whoever gets
shot the most times in the genitals
loses but a game it take turn shoot
another in the genitals that's Ryan
I bought a game what like this with
really realistic graphics I need to see
like blood and intestines coring out of
a general genital wounds no don't call
it western or musical game just felt
showdown that's what I was gonna look up
is this game on Steam no this is only on
PlayStation 4 this is a PlayStation 4
exclusive
let's see if they're going to it's going
anywhere else now play ps4 exclusive so
I don't even know where I can write a
bad review of this game balcony all I
can do is make a make an Internet video
and hope that people don't buy this game
Oh absolute mommy use the grin launcher
so on Wednesday headlines are shocking
get to press a button to press our was
that true and Sniper Elite you can
obliterate a dude's balls with a sniper
bullet and it zooms in on an atom
anatomically detailed x-ray version of
his balls getting picture it that sounds
like that sound like quick punches game
I got
yeah
Zeus is not much doubt enough
scream my review at a home oh yes that
will be him my review I'll just find a
hobo
no there is no multiplayer this is a
single-player only game no multiplayer
this game makes Call of Duty look
worthless if you can't believe that no
ps4 is not a thing by the way for those
asking
that's stupid stupid suit of armor
fucking suit of armor you got you again
I'm down there he's using well he's
using a rocket launcher they go well
there you go that was really mean Jack
I'm sorry but it had to be said
or they should be where is he
there's still people that were to shoot
at that's the thing
the fucking shooting gallery there's no
no there's no game your perks and
shooting things ah senior person shooted
things and if you ever are low in house
that found it'll be fine right should we
consider destroying this game all of us
the doors um possibly ha the answer is
possibly everybody
it's a chat love in the game
are we going - we're done as long as it
takes I mean listen no we usually stream
until all the night I know we'll have to
wait and see what chapter we're on I
don't know what chapter room is just
ahead
there's sixteen right there are sixteen
chapters to this game and I don't know
which one we're on some of them are
short cutscene chapters yes
then there's long cutscene chapters it
took 12 years to make 12 years to play
what what is more fun the order or an
AOL trial CD Oh AOL trial CDs you can
like throw those around like frisbees
and those make fun noises you can like
pretend you're Tron and just like throw
those at people shipments uh and AOL
trial CDs you get for free this you have
to pay 60 bucks for I'm gonna search the
archives oh you get to look at more
things let's search the archives nothing
there nothing there keep searching the
archives look for another button to
press good dammit no searching the
archives searching what are we gonna
find in the archives oh oh nope wait
Russell those papers yeah oh yeah absol
oh you folk peanut butter it looks like
peanut butter
there's nothing here he says after he
stole the peanut butter see he just
stole the peanut butter he's getting
that peanut butter search it look at I'm
doing jack I'm searching the drawers
there are exciting things you can do in
a video game you can open a drawer check
how much would you pay for this game now
that you've played it for a while if
this this game feels like a tech demo as
we discussed like the in-game model
viewer right where it's like if this
game was like free to install
to like try out a graphics card I think
I would be fine with that
look look I'm like oh oh I'll say Gusti
the Strad devant something French great
great this is important because but look
by the way shading will go it around
we're going around look at that shading
oh this is important because this is a
thing you can pick up because because
because rich Evans murders homos his
best drawer search simulator effort no I
wouldn't I would not pay any money for
it I cannot be more clear about that I
see you guys throwing down money zero
dollars and by the way I would download
it pay zero dollars but then I would
quickly uninstall it because it would
take up too much space
yeah oh yeah way too much space in the
back of the box 50 gigabytes 50
gigabytes this requires 50 gigabytes
these are shipments that was sent to my
homeland Jesus fuck this leg is to be
believed the company now has a foothold
in every Indian state yeah no skipping
no skipping nose are you trying to skip
the cutscene yeah I just tried okay how
do I get back ah you're pressing buttons
right it made sure I wasn't right back
to where I was yep it says seven six
right great this is written you hear
pressing pressing buttons you cannot
skip the cutscenes and I don't get what
season game that's still smaller than
titanfall they say Jesus Christ how much
space is that take yeah I have no idea
well but that had actual gameplay in it
yeah but it's not multiplayer for a game
with no mo fees exactly this it's so
fucked up
Oh
Oh a vampire Oh a vampire dick punch
them in the vampire dick
do you believe me now monkey is the one
behind all this I would pay zero Zorka
mist for this game yes breed scotch
United India oh you Jacob van neck or as
the Fleet Street pamphleteers have so
fondly named me Jack the Ripper that's
your service
oh I fuckin Carlin I thank you
so Lucan I fucking called the brothers
the brother was the traitor them do not
fail us yeah quite fortuitous I've seen
fucking call their rebel leader capture
this game was written by a shriek a
two-year-old written by a goddamn 15
year old the big business guy is the bad
guy the guy we bit this brother
character this guy that guy right there
look we barely see him the entire game
jack said this what happened hours ago
yes hours ago brother
Oh how did you miss it dragon
don't worry thank you alright alright
it's fine it's fine yeah you know they
wanted some consequences they didn't
make you watch the cutscene again from
the start right that's right you haven't
heard all these creatures
why the fuck are werewolves and vampires
even relevant to the story you're right
because they're not like we barely have
been dealing 90% of this game is dealing
with the rebels who and by the way
shocker of all shockers the rebels are
the good guys
nope not that way this was written by
the writer that wrote that John Adams
miniseries well then he I don't know if
that was any good if it was then he
fucked up this time or was cashing a
paycheck or something this sucks or
there are werewolves it could be at you
they're just our werewolf now
not fast enough
rebels are the bad guys in FTL which
makes FTL fun and interesting
I mean if that doesn't make it a fun of
interesting game but that I really like
that I thought that was a unique thing
because all you ever see is the rebels
are actually the good guys the John
Adams mini series was fucking bastard
well then then this then he was cashing
a paycheck here he might have done good
work once this is not it or it got so
mangled by the development and I gotta
run up a final you earned a trophy
congratulations rich you did that thing
in the game that you were already
supposed to be doing and you're a trophy
for it fucking did it oh don't worry
there's another wearable
yeah trophies that you naturally get
just by doing all trophies are stupid
all trophy once it you get naturally
just by playing the story mode yeah I'm
a dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
the werewolf's are helping the vampires
yes they are working together the
werewolves and the vampires are working
together not very efficiently I'll say
that
oh yeah you got a dick punchin isolate
mutate why are werewolves always in
warehouses warehouses that's really
funny yeah but it's kind of true in this
game in this game by the way that has
been our we took this game very
seriously
yeah very seriously yeah like even like
underworld I see a lot of people
comparing this underworld werewolves and
vampires underworld at least understood
the schlock it was you know women in
skin tight outfits like action sequences
this is trying very desperately to be
stab the dick stab the dick Wolf's Dick
Wolf is that a thing
underworld did have Kate Beckinsale in a
skin-tight outfits second dragon don't
worry just try it yeah doors you try
again she's trying it's fucking try
again it doesn't matter we have a friend
request yeah whatever we're not
answering friend requests right now
please Toulouse offered to make them
immortal wheelchair husband is the Holy
Grail
right
our our our

[B]
no or he just was a werewolf Galahad
stay where you are I said don't move
ladies back and French knight you
arrived in good time we received report
of a disturbance yes I Galahad stormed
in here with a filthy band of rebels
intent on killing me mr. life see the
results of that incursion sir gallant
heads accomplice was a woman there the
leader of the rebellion in fact she
eluded our grasp order you're right
we'll see to the capture of the rebel
leader is he listen to me you're making
a grave mistake possible take this
intruder into custody oh man guys this
is where we could arrest him now we're
at the start of James oh it's very brave
here on out there are consequences to
these characters we saw in the opening
yeah there was is so far we've been
playing has been a flashback there was
an opening sequence in which we escaped
from prison I thank you lady a great
your intervention was truly fortuitous
we are only carrying out our sworn duty
Lord Hastings they're all the same my
lady
you would do well to keep a close eye on
that traitor
one of my dishonor now before the courts
your testimony will be required we're
fun with steampunk fantasy games yeah so
far this has all been flashback by the
way because the first sequence we're
escaping from prison this sucks this
game just sucks
chapter 12 four more four more chapters
we do we can do four more chapters this
this might be a whole chapter right here
sure the person is nine hundred percent
consumed the most heinous crime Sir
Galahad has betrayed our ancient routes
Sir Galahad was a reference not his
enemies he has conspired with godless
rebels they call the characters no this
character is his name is sir gallant to
take the life but they mentioned
something about namesakes they mentioned
something about when a night passes the
night that takes their place also takes
their name but then again the Holy Grail
was also involved so that could be yes
sir go ahead we don't really know yes
that could be the twist there's one of
the Knights of guidance six hundred
years old right perhaps aw now remember
guys say he's the bad guy and once more
put on to the righteous path the knight
commander shows too much leniency
the proof against the traitors what
happens I don't know whacked out like in
the company came back in the same room
okay I was too far away to hear them
clearly but they seemed on their
mustache twirler right the time that
might as well be his name they were
leaving an establishment known to harbor
rebels Galahad sold an audience with the
Lord Chancellor and me yes
six hundred year old they are destroying
every slot trophy ever into this but
they're doing it seriously they're not
having any fun instance that's the
shining this is serious business
is it Lord Hastings you have identified
the prisoner as your assailant what are
they gonna reveal that Lord Hastings
when are they gonna reveal his real name
no I'm done being dead serious
okay I think he's gonna end up being
Dracula and Jesus cry mean I mean yes
they're gonna play it straight yes 100
percent hundred ten percent people hide
out as his commander I tried to dissuade
him from pursuing his allegations
it is now clear he did not heed my
advice oh sorry capacitated sip-n-go is
there an echo in here
yeah we know what happened to begin to
tell me these things we've seen oh he
gets we don't we ends up in prison we
know he's convicted but they're showing
this is trial so they can explain the
things we've already seen
fuck you that's the thing that's the
thing guys we already know he's good
goes to jail we already know this guilty
god fucking damn it tell don't show here
right hometown marker this is a modern
game lots of Technicolor says bring in
sir exposition we know he ended up in
jail if the game started with him in
jail we know they're all going to say
guilty we know this diet well but see
dialogue that says things you already
know is the hallmark of great writing
just let me shoot the vampire the
vampire you know what rich this game
looks when I fight another werewolf a
boring to fight werewolf he knocks you
down and runs away munch town runs away
just keep shooting at him until he dies
because he's back he's out or under way
he's not gonna kill you because he's run
away after dodging that just gives you
get the worm all merchants get die
actually revco says something very funny
do you think that you will win with an
actual Excalibur yes wait well there
hasn't been any sword so far but I've
been predicting Excalibur will show up
at some point yeah I'm pretty sure
Excalibur is going to stab directly oh
sure
in this going Bend with Excalibur
stabbing Dracula and they will play it
straight and for those who don't know
this is a recap of the first thing we
played on the first 45 minutes of the
game this is a quick recap which is one
extended cutscene with the occasional
button prop yes do you think there's a
machine gun called Excalibur barrels
sticking on a rock if by the way if it
was that if that happened a 10 out of 10
a plus game but managed to make it
boring I'll play it so straight it'll be
boring it's okay by the way yeah that
was a whole chapter that entire one
cutscene was a chapter chapter 13 here
we are already great
oh there's there's Tesla that's Nikola
Tesla
he's your weapons guy younger-looking
one we have survived that is for him to
decide I don't know who that other guys
John kilo says no he gets to stab the
Dracula with Excalibur but the Dracula
is eaten by the Loch Ness monster don't
make it boring and do you see guys you
see how we're writing a better game than
this is because like we take it so over
the top that it's funny like good that
it's fun and they're playing it very
seriously this is very serious business
hold on let's see what Tesla's gonna
tell us what's my breath stink nah gives
us the juice the black goo the black goo
that gives us the black holy groan cool
because for some reason the holy grail
creates black goo yeah no no we have
three more chapters left guys three more
chapters we can do this did you want me
to find out do you want to I mean if we
feel like it being my turn Nikola Tesla
wasn't the US and didn't design
conventional weapons what is he doing in
this yeah the first thing Nikola Tesla
does when they introduce him he doesn't
give you some weird electrical device he
had you an i - with a scope on it
because he built he built the scope he
built this go a normal scope he's like
made Nikola Tesla the mad scientist
genius yes who did weird fucking things
with electricity and physics built a
sniper rifle scope yeah for you
an ordinary-looking sniper rifle scope
for you and you said yeah it's pretty
good no it's this is the dumbest guys
that's what I was giving this game a
chance it's my kid good yeah I gave it a
chance I did in my brain you provided
the light it was game cuz I love you
know I love some of the art designs and
the costumes and everything looks
beautiful and I think this kind of
modern semi
modernized steampunk knights of the
round table that's a cool idea if they
just let themselves have fun with it
yes which fun they did not I've heard
that about games that sometimes they can
be fun
this needs some shock yeah this needs
some schlump full-on schlock well let's
cut scene II stuff more schlock more
sock 20% more schlock bump it up to 40%
more slacking you got yourself the
makings that would this is a whole
bottle and this has been habit we have
not touched the controller from like
that we have not touched the controller
in quite some time the whole trial I
wasn't in control of anything yep this
is a game people this is eggs game I
think I don't think I touched the
controller for all of chapter 12 yep
you've been in and out of consciousness
for almost a fortnight a fortnight is
like a week two weeks is it yeah
people what you hear and so my health
well you can play go on oh I'm gonna go
to I mean I guess I don't think I'll
have to I'm just I'll just sit here I'll
just sit here and watch the boring thing
happen I thought you would appreciate
them fortnight equals two weeks thank
you for for confirming
things are happening now it's true
this is the newest genre of gaming
background games and says the hell fast
Domus I'm really sorry for torturing you
guys but let's go oh wait I think I get
to move now I might get to move now oh
we're in the mix that was a whole nother
traffi that was two full chapters of
nothing but cutscenes congratulations
the order
you suck harder you suck the hardest oh
wait I have to
I play inverted still with like a
controller and Rich's move - okay here
we go this way slay we're going where we
got our gun this way that was a chapter
right you guys saw that right that was
an actual goddamn chapter
this game is meant for having out in the
background and setting the mood
okay I'm playing now Oh to the face next
time I'm gonna shoot you in the dick
oh shut you in a dick we went through
another chapter of nothing but cutscene
I have a gun again and I don't really
know what I'm doing I really like this
guy neck I'm gonna hold on to this sauce
more guards are coming down the left
tunnel how many chapters are actually
being played about five oh if that boom
we're just doing something much more fun
he's playing don't shit your pants
these guns I don't want that gun I like
my revolver I like my revolver so you
can't believe rejection right it was a
shock to us all you sit around and drink
wine with your goth friends in every
twenty minutes you play the game for two
minutes yeah he was coming this like a
mood enhancer and I like that
I can't apparently I can't be in cover
anymore they don't like me I'm covered
did I do that on accident Greg oh shit
why can't I get in cover that's really
annoying why not you can't I had a lamp
section earlier no but I'm saying that
doesn't make any sense no I couldn't get
into cover or use anything other than
pistol yeah all right he can't he's
incapable of putting the line to dog to
take cover
yeah used to had a weapon briefly sure
entities are capable we're doing it okay
calling a cutscene a chapter is fucking
cheap doing it twice in a row is
unforgivable uh yeah yeah I'm with you
I'm absolutely with you chapter 11
creative bankruptcy oh here we go I'm
not taking credit for any of these
things I've been saying I am reading the
chat yeah all right guys we're good
we're getting on we're getting on with
the game we're doing it getting on
getting on we are beating this game
tonight not like it's hard it's just
time consuming yeah no no I was Mike we
we had to pay for this game yeah we
don't have any weird deal with anybody
for reviews no me we had to go to the
store today and we paid for this yep
thanks in part to all of our wonderful
subscribers thank you all this is where
your money went
we very much appreciate it what no this
would make my kids play this game when
they know you didn't do your homework
that's huge
you have to play two chapters man I hope
it's a cutscene chapter no but you hold
the controller like you wanna play my
witness is she good I thought she was
such a shirt please don't lump it ah
jeez for blood she's out for blood of
interest yeah she feels scorned this is
the horror house we saw boobies here
early it was great
it's super great like there's a little
bit little shooting section and
obviously anyone who's ever played a
shooting game saw that it was not a
challenge and you know now we don't need
to worry about touching a controller
again from this is we are in another
cutscene I shot six guys in a hallway
this was made by a frustrated film well
then he was frustrated for a reason cuz
he sucks at it of course he's got to do
it alone if I live to see why I bring
the lady who has an army of helpers with
you when you can just do it alone trope
that's what let's put a trope on top of
our fine
flowers are you a turncoat or a patriot
what would you have me be Maki Oh
believe you have a reason for what you
do this is our friend two revolutions
have taught Lafayette that there are
dangers on both sides huh forget this
monkey see that you do not Monsieur
should you threaten the cause of Liberty
you can count on Lafayette to be your
sworn enemy this is the French night
bitch considering the history of England
was in France that is will my friend
weird you know there are werewolves and
vampires in here apparently so I'm not
gonna worry too much about like the fact
that there's a French knight of the
round table horrible that's fine that's
fine you should you shoot a lightning
gun this is a weird world the third day
of December 1886 leaving us so soon
almost all mrs. turncoat or Patriot
neither I am dick and puncher explain to
you
puncher what do i what do I smell here I
smell some dicks about to get launched
what does catchphrase
yeah and then he also says what right
before okay great I got all my guns back
now great get to Teslas lab oh maybe we
can get another weapon 15 is that was a
new chapter I don't know if somebody
said 15 almost there
oh my god oh my god I I did not take out
my weapon right there guys did you see
me take out my weapon cuz I did not
press a button the game took out my
weapon for me thank you game cuz I
didn't want to decide when to do that
probably supposed to shoot this guy
other 15 or 16 chapters there are 16
chapters according to game facts we
looked it up to see how far we were
before we screamed Nikola come in I mean
the catacombs on my way to you stay put
I'll be there shortly
you shut up Nikola I'm coming good thing
I walked down that hallway so we can get
to this other cutscene
which happens burgers hobo sews there's
actually one hundred and sixteen
chapters chef
shut the damn face oh I shot him in the
hand and people in the hand know killing
people earlier by shooting them in the
hand it was pretty great yeah it was
pretty great okay guns do you have no I
don't want that shit gun what kind of
goods do I have I got my badass revolver
I'm a badass okay yeah I don't need any
oh and by the way like you know how we
were talking about earlier how we were
choosing not to Crouch the game Crouch
for us I am not pressing down the Run
button the game says you have to run now
really really I'm sure even you're not
even clicking down on the the stick no
but I'm just pushing forward as I
normally do you kidding me
the game says no you should run now this
is this is a fast-paced section you
should probably run now your fucking kid
not even joking
the exciting conclusion they have to
make sure yeah because nothing else is
better right
shit shit another guy is talking with
the game developers on tree read these
game developers I would love to talk to
these game developers I want to know
what house I want to know how I would
love to talk to these guys absolutely
that's a fucking lutely
so far we look at it like look at this
just more fish in a barrel
what's the game here guys cuz cuz you
know what I do I just sit here I guess I
you know what I guess at one point I
might run out of bullets so we got that
going for us just sit here wait for them
to stick your heads up my guess is this
is precisely the game that Sony wanted
and at this I'm gonna say this was them
following orders Sony wanted an
exclusive well somebody did somebody
start off trying to make like a shorter
telltale type game I don't know Mike you
know the people who made the Walking
Dead game sure kind of thing that's just
an interactive story that was shorter
and then Sony saw some potential in the
art designs and then gave them money
sitting on my shirt all those yeah
exactly
I mean you've gotta be it's gotta be
longer yeah I make sure driver does that
what happened I can't I want my gun I
don't want these stupid guns sir Lucan
the Lincoln
damnit I gonna die
I'm gonna run away - no more so I'm
gonna pick up a different gun I didn't I
was hoping that like there'd be ammo
over here oh wait you know what though
I remember the III hype yeah and I don't
think we were wrong about anything
what is the hype for this game what's
the big deal I don't get it
yeah and I still oh okay great
I got some ammo for my nice big gun now
Oh rich I wasn't talking about the devs
of this thing we're talking about the
devs do stuff like binding of issac yes
sure we'd love to
oh gee mr. right absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely we had such a great
time talking with the dev of strafe well
your Tom yeah when we apply when we were
playing strafe and talking with with Tom
I had a I I just wanted to listen to him
talk so if I get to like if I if we had
time to prepare and actually like ask
people insightful questions instead of
just farting around with them I would
fucking love that completely
ill-prepared yeah but you know what I
still I still thought it was a great
time yeah and whether it be a game that
we don't much care for like this or a
game that I love like Binding of Isaac
uh I would love that
mate yeah anyone who into who knows how
to make that happen you go ahead and
make that happen
vegetal Jack it's James
ID Oh James yeah he'll know I can hook
you guys up fucking yeah you want to
talk to Ed for me you do it
because he's the guy that made the
videos for binding of issac so he knows
oh I already have all the ammo for that
he knows Edmund McMillen great
so I already have all of these ammos
just a better gun you tell me that's
what I'm trying to figure that out
this seems to have
it looks bigger than one you have now oh
this one there's more power this one I
think is called a dragon oh do I want
the Lightning gun might want a lightning
cuz you're cold
right this is this is the right they're
arming you for the final bit here so you
pick your weapon I think yeah it's like
I want this stock machine gun cuz it's
usually the best plenty of bombs I
should just take this one because it has
more bullets it's fine it's my thought
no this one is the most bullets okay
great
your jack cry about is lost save for
that poor developer oh my god
if you can get me if you can get me on
the phone with Tyrone to be like what
the fuck man I lost my golden God save
on my Vita no that's fine
I got I'm getting over it shit you know
what uh what's we're running out of time
unless we end up fighting right
just opportunity if they don't do that
all the way into trophy
