Episode 222
Vanquish - Half & a Hack (Part 2)
March 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kQb3Auyzl0
___________________________________________

plans to do it just because then you
know it takes a little bit longer to
play and stuff like that there is a
board game that I just want rich to play
in general so perhaps will stream that
one day time barons but which is which
is a deck building Jack what does your
wife tell your kids when you go over to
Rich's us to play they every once in a
while like they'll see no I like they'll
come in every once in a while and see me
like editing video game footage and they
know what I do it's fine they they of
course they like it because it's video
game stuff I don't let them listen to it
because we cuss a lot but and when I'm
not quite ready to let them to have them
be okay with cousin but that's fine no
because you don't want to be the first I
think we're talking about a customer or
later in their life absolutely
absolutely but here's the big thing you
don't want to be the parents of the kids
that bring cussing to school as soon as
soon as another kid cusses it's gonna be
it's gonna be a sailor house in here
we're gonna be cussing up the storm just
don't be so uptight that's what I would
tell any parents are upset I go fuck
yourself my kids because you go fuck
yourself that's not our works we have to
see these people this time I'm glad I
can expand your child's vocabulary
they're gonna say fuck for the next 50
years of their life hopefully more
hopefully more no I know and I can't
wait to swear with them I cannot wait
because I really enjoy cussing and that
was a really hard thing was like her
curtailing my own cussing when I had
children but but uh
I don't know it like I don't know if
I've told the story on stream but uh
when I was piecing together when I was
cutting up the YouTube video of our
pictionary stream the the thumbnail that
I used was was Rich's like Frank Drebin
drawing and go fuck yourself those Jays
Jays Jays well I think you drew go fuck
yourself writer and so like you know I
used that as a thumbnail because I
thought it was really great thumbnail
and so that was a very time okay I'm
afraid to free these guys and I forgot
to do that guys in the game continuing I
had that little thumbnail and it was I
was saying that all he'd robbed the
order where's the game
where'd the game go I heard this was a
game it's not interactive it's that kind
of definition of the game so no case we
had this tiny thumbnail I'm gonna fuck
yourself and my six-year-old you know
comes into my office and you know like I
quickly checked my computer and I didn't
see any swear words on my computer so
sometimes there's where words on it and
he's talking to me now the sudden I was
earlier it said like fuck you I think
and I was suddenly like you know I'm
talking with him and he's the ask a
person a core something he goes fuck you
and I say what you know and he points to
the thumbnail and you know he's a real
no he's a really good reader and he goes
fuck you and I said uh-huh that's it
and I said uh-huh that's what that says
so you want to snack didn't you can't
make a big deal out of it cuz as soon as
they know it's a big deal to pick me out
but so he that's in there that's in his
brain now button it has not come back
which is great but babies gone up no I'm
like I said once
as long as it's another kid as long as
you're not the kid that as long as
you're not the parent of the kid that
brings it to school I think it's fine
I grew up watching r-rated movies I grew
up around swear words and I refuse to
step on ants if I could help but it's
not messed up my brain oh no no it's not
a it's not a messing up brandade I mean
I do think like like for kids
understanding like what is appropriate
and where it's appropriate is important
and there's no way that they can comfort
like you know right now like I'm sure
they talk about poops and farting in
school because they think it's funny but
you know like there's no way I don't
think they can comprehend that like
that's not appropriate talk when you're
trying to you know do math problems or
whatnot so just making sure that they
understand when it's appropriate to do
so you know is I thinking what's
important and I don't think that they
have all of the abilities to know when
it's appropriate which is you know not
in school you're not supposed to cuss in
school puritanical values absolutely
absolutely
[Laughter]
now like I said well I think any age is
a good age for kids to start cursing as
long as you you know as long as it's
like an this is these are in-house words
you know these are words to say around
other people who are okay with it
cussing like any time any time I'm out
like the other day with like we were at
like Target or something and I'm hearing
people and they're in the children's
clothing section and they are cussing up
a storm and it's like what the fuck is
wrong with you
like this is a children's section of
Target stop swearing no that's fine you
don't have to care that's fine Jack when
will you let your kids play the order
1886 oh that would be the greatest
disappointment they come home and they
say we want to play the order you know
what your kids are never going to come
home and say I want to play the order
nope never gonna happen
you know why that game is going to be
forgotten of course this that game is
going to be that game that game it will
be lucky if the order is a footnote like
if the order is like the order sucked so
hard that we had to change our rating
system you know it will be lucky if it
does that
I'm actually fucking around here I'm
actually upgrading your weapons okay if
you pick up if you if you like you pick
up like the assault rifle and your ammo
is full already
instead of refilling your ammo any
assault rifles you pick up pick up when
your ammo is full they kind of like
level up the assault rifle for every
every every three times you do that your
assault rifle gains level more ammo a
little bit more powerful stuff stuff
like that okay I'm kind of choosing the
system a bit after this huge battle and
I'm just picking up all the debris
that's been left behind see I don't
think that's cheating is this I'm like
you're that's the the cost-benefit is
you you have to go around and hunt for
stuff that's fine is it cheesy this is a
hardcore action game and I'm pausing so
I can grab weapons manipulate by my
weapon stats a little bit that's fine I
think it's fine I did it I did get into
I'm saying some people like talk about
the order and kids and whatnot and I did
get into a very serious conversation
with someone the other day I was at a
children's birthday party and I was
talking to some other parents and we
were kind of joking around about Star
Wars and general nerdy stuff you know
people know I'm a nerd in general and so
you know we were talking about Star Wars
and apparently yeah this guy's kid was
really into Star Wars I was like oh
that's you know that's super great ball
of blonde and he talks about he talks it
he mentioned the prequels a little bit
and so high you know mostly joking but
but obviously very seriously mentioned
that in my house the prequels don't
exist which is a very real thing the
prequels will not exist in my house as
far as my kids are concerned there are
three Star Wars movies there and they're
gonna be happier people for that and so
I kind of jokingly mentioned that you
know and this guy looked at me as if I
was crazy rich
you're you're the sanest man on earth
but but like you know I get I'm so yeah
I'm just so used to being around you
guys where it's just generally
understood that the prequels are garbage
right yeah and so you know I make an
offhanded comments about how the
prequels are garbage and this guy's like
what are you talking about I think
they're fine and I was like what are you
talking about
and so I start getting into a rhythm
like like real nerd debate stuff and and
oh god no I know and and it only because
I was so thrown off by the fact that
like he's just a normal person who
doesn't understand that the prequels are
garbage and is just a normal person and
I'm just like but what about this but
what about this but what about this and
he's like oh yeah that was pretty bad
yeah that was pretty bad but you know I
still think there were good movies I was
like no you just said that they were all
bad what people are stupid uh it was it
was it was and you know like I settle
down adventure just cuz it's just like
he's just a normal guy everything's
gonna be fine he's just a normal guy but
but I was so thrown off by someone being
indifferent about the Star Wars pretty
close I'm spending too much time with
you guys I think what do I do in my kids
discover the Star Wars prequels I will
tell them that they are that they are
fanfiction oh yeah something someone
made those who really liked the Star
Wars movies maybe we could make our own
Star Wars movies wouldn't that be fun
and they'll say yo yeah let's do that
and we'll make our own Star Wars Oh
sorry somebody swimming up behind me
somehow
someone got behind you Oh
maybe jumps maybe jumps
[Laughter]
see mister glitch I think like
indifference to the Star Wars prequels
is one thing like if you're indifferent
like that's fine okay you know Stowers
because it doesn't it doesn't affect my
daily life but if you're just like oh
they're good good movies then we're
gonna have an issue if you defend them
that's the problem
Jack do you think your kids will find
the planket reviews before they find the
Star Wars prequels I don't know maybe I
mean I think they won't understand them
right yeah I think you need to see the
movie before you see the reviews rich
there's a question here yeah what was
the last Triple A game you actually
enjoyed grandma yeah this man a year old
I don't I really don't hate them on
principle I'm just they've mostly been
bad lately yeah oh no I know that's
that's why I specifically asked you that
because I'm sure that's what someone was
fishing for yeah yeah
yeah Grand Theft Auto games are fun I
was recently on stream playing the
Batman games the Arkham game Arkham
Asylum that was a really fun game that's
a triple-a game very much enjoyed that
you know I think we've had this
discussion before do any do Nintendo
games count I mean they obviously are
trip like I'm a big don't like Nintendo
I you're not supposed to like contento
or something Nintendo somehow immune
from being a triple-a but no I mean you
know windows for babies and babies and
fanboys like baby fanboys or something
sorry right don't know we did an episode
on Mario Kart and we agreed it was good
maybe not the best Mario Kart but I
really liked it
I've been playing Smash Brothers I
really like smash brothers ah that's a
triple-a game
you know there are Triple A games that
we enjoy these are things uh you know
what I liked the borderline games border
borderland had some really fun gunplay
did you play any the borderline game
yeah when we can't it was fun really fun
worlds and and good a solid shooter the
problem is you're hearing me you're
hearing me unzip my GoPro bag now
because it's time to ingest my GoPro
footage solid shooter and really fun
like I had a lot of fun playing the
borderlands games my problem was it
stops Borderlands really quickly
like 10 15 hours Borderlands just turns
into math the game you know because in
that game you pick up different guns and
every gun has a different ability in
different stats
right and so even though you're like
you're basically doing the same thing
here it's a first-person shooter so
you're just shooting things but the
shooting mechanic never changes but your
guns do and so all you're doing is
looking for that gun that has the one
point better attack or the one point
better reload speed it just turns into a
math game and it turned into a really
fast for me where yeah great story but
the game does the gun hold on for a
second
silky smooth rich thank you for
subscribing silky smooth silky smooth
Erick we really appreciate your
subscription but you know I in general
like I I enjoyed the borderlands games
they just they got old for me because
all I was worried about was that math
like the shooting was really fun but I
just just man that's all I could see I
couldn't see the fun enemies I couldn't
see like the fun world all I was looking
for was that gun with the one point
better stat so in Mass Effect one
there's like hundreds of guns with very
very minor stat differences yep that's
it that's absolutely so then you know
then that's exactly what I mean
obviously different different general
playing mechanics because Mass Effect is
a third-person well I don't even know it
so the parts where you're not speaking
to people exploring the galaxy or your
you're in third person you're shooting
it right people and monsters right right
so no I probably would not much care for
that but I knew that already but ya know
if Borderlands III would in general I
would recommend them just because it's
especially like really early on like for
Borderlands 1 you know you're fighting
those cool guys with the masks huh
very very visual very fond like the
initial gameplay for Borderlands is so
much fun and if you if you like that
kind of shooter you'll have a good time
people people stepping in late
somebody's asking you know why am I not
hearing what the fuck notifications
twitch is apparently having issues yes
you usually do hear them in the end the
chat and live streams but not today for
some reason for some reason we don't
know why because twitch
I'm importing this will be incredibly
fascinating for everyone else but I'm
importing GoPro footage and it broke up
it broke up the discussion into
different chunks for some reason oh come
on not the biggest it feels ended up
with too low accuracy machine guns pick
it up right now I play as anyone in
Super Smash Brothers I enjoy flying I
enjoy playing as different characters
I've been really I've been maining the
villager just because I love growing a
tree chopping it down and using the
chopping down tree as a weapon I think
that's the funnest thing and because it
takes three different stages like you
have to plant a seed then you have to
press another button to water the seed
then you have to press another button to
chop the tree down and that's your
attack and I think that's super fun but
I play as a lot I like a little Mac I
also like just playing as my me I think
that's really neat yeah I like playing
is everybody we still haven't had a Oh
haven't we have we not done a set a
smash dream nope oh man you have not oh
I'm so sorry everybody we will we will I
guess that's gonna be rectified next
week or else I'll forget about it again
that's that's entirely true I'm not even
gonna say possible I'm just gonna say
that's entirely true I'm a forgetful
person Jays man Hall says Jack I'm
thinking of switching from Final Cut Pro
to Adobe Premiere and I'm frightened how
do I make the jump you just do it right
you're frightened you should be knowing
I mean I get it you you get so used to
something that you're afraid here's what
I can tell you about Adobe is one of the
default options is to change
shortcuts to Final Cut Pro shortcuts so
you don't need to worry about
remembering different shortcuts if
you're coming from Final Cut 7 Final Cut
7 is a 32-bit program whereas Adobe
Premiere is a 64-bit program which means
if you have extended Ram it can take
advantage of all of your RAM which means
faster rendering time also you don't
need to worry about rendering the
premier it ingests any video footage you
throw at it and you can preview it
without rendering it rendering it makes
it go a little bit smoother but it's
it's really a joy and especially if you
do things like if you want to mix in
your audio work if you want to mix in
After Effects if you want to mix in
color grading with Adobe link linking an
After Effects scene into your Adobe
project working at it in After Effects
having an automatically updates in
Premiere or watching that update live
then taking it over to color grade speed
grade and color grading it then messing
around with audio if you get the whole
Creative Cloud it's it's a joy I really
can't endorse the Adobe products more
I've one size and it did it was tough to
switch over but literally I just I just
died of in and started editing and it
was a bit of a rough transition but once
I got into it man I loved the flow I
loved the workflow
like right now I'm ingesting all of my
footage using Prelude which takes care
of it for me in one program then I can
take all of those who put all of those
all of that footage move it into
premiere seamlessly go into premiere get
my audio and if I need to make a little
After Effects thing little right-click
make this an After Effects clip to all
my After Effects stuff it automatically
updates in my premiere timeline really
great exporter I don't know how I can
sell this more for you audio cues is
just yes
I'm sorry I'm very sorry I've got to be
careful around this big gun Oh a fleshy
patch yes Adobe Premiere has flash
processing or a blast processing yeah
and I'm seeing someone say that Adobe
works but it's so expensive here's the
thing Adobe Creative Cloud is 50 bucks a
month and you get you get Photoshop you
get After Effects you get Premiere you
get Prelude you get audition which is
their audio editing stuff you get a
media exporter which handles obviously
all of the media exportation you get
everything with Adobe Creative Cloud for
50 bucks a month if you are not earning
50 bucks a month then it is quite
possible that you don't need a
professional editors then you might need
to just look at your own situation but
for 50 bucks a month there's it's it's
100% worth it for me I want to keep my
gun but I know I'm not gonna have much
use for it in the next section there
there is a gun which normally your melee
is in this game it's like you know you
know on a lot of third-person shooters
you can just walk into a crowd of people
and just keep instant killed mailing you
can kind of you can kind of cheese that
a bit you know was the the melees
instant death games they get around in
this game the melee has like a cool-down
use it once and and and all your your
powers are just reset except for the
buzzsaw gun which you can melee as much
as you want and it cuts limbs off mmm
that's awesome yeah
I'm gonna have this game's baby's gonna
have this game babies yeah so that's the
thing the entrances so it's you know
it's 50 bucks a month 600 bucks a year
every year but you automatically have
the latest updates you have all of the
stuff I know a lot of people were
skeptical about they're like monthly
subscription fee instead of like paying
the huge amount of upfront but I don't
know I'm with it they've already they
update all the time and like I said you
need to look at your own workflow where
if you are not earning that much money
then you probably don't need that editor
or if you think you might you can
literally just pay 50 bucks and have all
of these things for one month and just
see if you can make some stuff and if
it's not for you that's it 50 bucks
that's it and you can test everything
out with no limitations to me that's
incredibly worth it I'm sorry for even
jello sizing Adobe yeah it's what you do
it's it's obviously people like talking
about their work and it's what I work
with every day and I
I learned the digital editing on Final
Cut so I was I was a Final Cut fanboy
through and through and as soon as they
made their switchover to Final Cut X I
couldn't take it anymore and and
premiere was where it at okay yeah
I will stop talking about Adobe now you
go right ahead right don't anybody stop
you doing that
okay um right Jack I'll take that check
now Adobe I wish oh man I have a buddy
who talks to Adobe regularly he's a
motion graphics artist I am i received
no money from Adobe but if anyone from
Adobe's listening I'll take money oh my
product has a free month trial so you
can try it for free that's great to know
and I've never I've never worked on an
avid before so I cannot still make Gavin
oh avid systems avid is still a a
professional editing system that many
people really enjoy I have never even
touched an avid machine so I cannot tell
you any thoughts on it I know they're
supposed to be comically expensive yes
comically expensive and but I mean
obviously it's it's what a lot of
professional editors use
so that's it Nina
[Music]
by the way celebrate that is my motto
i-i'll take money I like free stuff that
is 100% my motto
[Laughter]
Jack did you know that the order has
good graphics graphics is that true yeah
best graphics haven't seen their main
kind they really are great that was part
of those maybe to make it more relevant
instead of just talking about the order
I can we can talk about like what I can
I can talk about why I removed that from
the discussion because we did talk about
the graphics which yes the graphics are
great there were a couple things that we
talked about during our discussion of
the order that I didn't keep in the
final edit one was the graphics and two
was the length of the game the light now
is a complete non-issue well end it this
is what rich and I were talking about
today the reason I took them out and I'm
really glad that rich agreed is that
both are non-issues grant the graphics
and the game length doesn't matter if
the game is good there are games that
will supply casts some of my favorite
games are five hours long yeah yeah
could you rich you vanquishes it's not
five hours but it's relatively sure
there's like seven or eight you can
complete the game in you could on one of
my favorite games this looks like a
great game and you can defeat it in the
time it took us thank you the order I
want to say it's not that long yeah Zoe
Enders one end to the Maximo games sure
there's a lot of good games that are
short and replayable because they're fun
have a portal you can you can order
loose
portals are ridiculously comically short
game fantastic I I wouldn't I would not
regret paying $60 for a zone of the
Ender's Game sure you are up so so what
you're saying is like the length of the
game doesn't necessarily make it a good
or a bad game yes okay so so now under
graphics kind of the same thing where
it's like great graphics like a great
looking game is fucking fucker you're
it's an icing on on a good game cake you
know where it's like it's here's a good
game and it also looks great but I'll
you know graphics aren't the most
important thing and so that's why I
decided to take those out of the final
edit because it they're not important
the gameplay and the story are what
matters
and so yeah like someone's I see someone
in the chat saying do you think better
graphics are a valid a selling point no
new consoles no I wouldn't want it to
look like shit but doesn't need to be it
doesn't game doesn't need to be
cutting-edge graphics most real and
anything has ever ever looked and then
whatever yeah gone that's probably the
first question I'm going to ask is it
fun right exactly oh we're like FTL is a
game that theoretically you could beat
FTL in an hour you know I probably
Waller but I have beaten spelunky I've
gotten the achievement I've beaten I've
gone from the beginning to the end of
spelunky in ten minutes in under ten
minutes because that's an achievement
that you can get but these games have
replayability these games maybe have a
multiplayer aspect portal 2 for example
like and most importantly I bet a lot of
these games didn't cost you 60 goddamn
dollars graphics and gameplay lengths
aren't the important things anyone who
like is just making fun of the order for
oh my God look at that guy oh yeah like
a giant circle saw ax that's awesome
everything in this game is awesome
this looks great rich I'm really like I
kind of want play this game this is the
best shooter nobody ever talks about
yeah yeah I'm with it looks great I
think like I might want to get my hands
on a 360 though because I really dislike
the PlayStation I really dislike the
DualShock 4 shooters that's weird to me
because I finally 360 controller awkward
then again I find any controller awkward
for shooters exactly exactly
oxygen oxygen you're right guacamelee
can be done in like 5 hours with for
getting everything yeah yeah yeah yeah
so so these are the things game Lang
like any fucker gaming game length
should be noted only because it has zero
replayability
but again that that's a focus that's
that should be talking about its replay
value like there's no way you can replay
the order and have the same experience
because there's there's no playing
there's no way you can actually this
technically there's no way you could
play it and have a different experience
because everything you do is
pre-programmed on the rails
oh no safety nemesis would you say that
the order is just like a delayed launch
game it's just made to show off the
graphics that's kind of what Yahtzee
said oh and I didn't want you that's not
gonna make it good or bad
right that's completely irrelevant right
because one it's not a watch this is why
you this is why you don't buy launch
titles for one this is why you wait
until the system's been out and the
kinks have been worked out sure but and
also like that is no defense of any game
like what we're playing here is a is a
graphical test and so we shouldn't have
to pay for that and everyone everyone is
now making fun of me because or the the
chat is in heated debate over which is
the best controller to use for a
first-person shooter and you know what
guys it's whatever works for you I
started playing shooters on a 360 pad
that is where I'm comfortable rich likes
a dual shock and that's fine barn on
barn on hands down that's not even
hyperbole the important thing at a
shooter is aiming you can do that
quickly and accurately with a mouse you
can't do that quickly and accurate with
a controller unless there's some auto
aim bullshit going on okay oh no and you
know you're kind of right Horacio
Horacio saying Jack you sort of screwing
up the replayability point it's not
whether the experience is replayable
it's whoa I just got hit by a crashing
spaceship first of all that's awesome
it's whether it's good enough to be
enjoying twice
um I suppose but it's just like you know
it took us a little over eight hours to
defeat the order and if we were to play
it again knowing that literally the
exact same things would happen like why
would in eight hours why would you do
that
I could see watching a movie again like
picking up on a little thing but it
didn't a movies over in two hours this
is a the order is a slog you don't want
to do that again right right
he hit that that guy with a fight the
basically hit his backpack he explodes
that's awesome
I love his weapon design you know what's
fun about this game rich I'm not I'm not
playing it and I I can't hear it because
I haven't muted so I'm here you but I'm
visually engaged in it that's why I
bought the game I saw a video of it
online and I'm like oh I need this I
need this in my life
this is gonna happen
yeah yeah no this looks great
this looks like a fun game to play
extremely extremely oh I love this game
right right I do like I do and I can
tell that you love this game
why is everything in the order so dry
why is it so dry I the only the only
conclusion that we can come to is that
they thought they were doing something
that meant something very seriously they
thought they were creating high art and
[Music]
they thought they were doing something
that no one else had done before right
why us why else would they be taking
themselves so seriously there is a like
a 13-page thread on a neo gasps mm-hmm
about the order and already one of like
this retarded man it was like a defender
of the order like retard Lee defending
it exactly like a pretty cool fan it was
getting on us for calling them the main
bad guy Dracula these are really Dracula
you never call him Dracula wait a way to
miss the point asshole wait yeah he's
not is not technically called Dracula
but you know what I have no doubt my
mind that the sequel it's gonna be a
reveal that he is a he is a count from
Transylvania no doubt in my mind that
he's going to be revealed as a count
from Transylvania direct powerful
vampire that's the vampire leader of
Dracula the Rising Sun says hey Jack a
few months ago I asked to take good/bad
game exists and you said you weren't
sure would the order or anything else
you played recently qualified the order
definitely not it was a slog yeah like a
good bad game you know like if you look
at a good ball slid over slit I love the
shotgun blind-fire oh shit oh shit
there's a guy on my flank kind of like I
died guy on my flank
I died this this like sliding around and
jumping around all crazy rich I am so
hyped to play this game right now
you can I just want to go you can drive
over here right now no I can take up a
controller I had a beer when I got home
ok ok I can't but I'm I'm just letting
you know that like I'm gonna borrow your
ps3 well now I get the 360 I'll play
this game right now um yeah we could
hook up a splitter cable to hear the
audio but then we would also need like
an RCA to a headphone jack and then rich
would need a separate headphone to hear
me hooking up a sweater cable so that
rich could hear the game live and also
hear me live would require two different
headphones from wretched it's kind of
complicated but uh and in any case a
good bad game like a good bad movie
would be really hard to quantify because
like it would have to be it would have
to be like a broken game and you're
you're enjoying the brokenness of the
game right something something like big
ride to hell retribution or big rig big
rigs off the road racing it's probably
the one that comes to mind the only one
I know of that would qualify yeah where
it's like the game is pretty light and
and you're enjoying the technical
failures of the game but I think that's
also really hard to quantify because of
the time you're putting in where it's
like a movie especially like those cheap
bad movies Jack look at that I just shot
I just shot that big robots leg off
okay you can do that in this game you
can you can you can target body parts
weight and awesome Andy fault he's
fallen see if I get his arm
that's awesome rich
I also just kind of like how you're in
like ocean ocean ocean the big bomb the
big bomb you're in like kungfu stance
while shooting you can shoot the missile
he fires oh okay
I want everything about this game oh
shit he hit me with it
I don't think ps4 has backwards
compatibility you cannot play ps3 games
on a ps4 I don't believe I want to be
able to emulate this just so I can just
so I can preserve it for all time sure
cuz I know I know my ps3 is not gonna
last forever
this game needs to last forever I wonder
if it's like a digital download of it
somewhere with DRM no fuck that I mean
for those of us who are okay with the
iron
that's not a mentorship job typing on
the charging wish Vanquish
yeah I'll mute ps3 and xbox360 mmm this
game would be so great on PC yeah yeah
would be it would be the same said no
backwards pallets compatibility so they
can quote unquote remaster popular games
to squeeze a few more bucks that's true
yeah yeah maybe something someone has
mentioned in goat simulator as a good
bad game where like something like
that's deliberately though right
something like goat simulator or Octodad
or have you seen that new one where it's
like bread simulator yeah the am bread I
am bread and so it's like there are
games like that that are that are 100%
schlock and okay with that and that's a
different thing that's a different thing
than like a game that was trying to be
good and failed utterly and comically
yeah so and I think that's a harder
thing to achieve in games I think I'm
going to use this weapon for a while
I've never played around with this
weapon it's from one of the DLCs okay
it's just it's just a fucking laser fuck
they give you a fucking power laser jack
[Laughter]
what counts as a British dark comedy and
I'll tell you oh my god that looks
awesome where you are
[Music]
[Laughter]
that's great
that a different weapons slot don't it's
great
that's great if I don't know if black
mirror would count as a British dark
comedy I know we talked about that on
Jen a little bit ago but I have been
watching some episodes of black mirror
and really enjoying it though not that
first episode if you remember Jay was
recommending black mirror which is a BBC
Twilight Zone ESCA show but the first
episode involves a man fucking a pig and
while I thought it was a really good
episode like incredibly dark really
really well done about really well done
TV show about a man fucking a big Jay
would like that you're right
the my problem with it is like I had I
had heard that this was like this was
like a Twilight Zone but with like
sci-fi elements to it which I was I
don't use sci-fi elements oh sure sure
but yes yes and maybe that's the thing
is like they say it's like The Twilight
Zone and I was like or with technology
elements to it all all episodes have
something to do with technology and
black mirror and I was like oh that's
really great the only problem is like
the big fucking episode it has very
little of that like sci-fi technology
thing it's just like a moral dilemma you
know someone says they're gonna kill
someone unless you fucking pig alive on
TV that's the premise of the first
episode you were playing you were
playing well Jay and I were talking so
you might not remember so so the so a
British Prime Minister gets blackmailed
and they kidnap princess and they say
we're gonna kill the princess unless you
have sex with a pig live on TV and you
have to do these things to prove that
it's live you know that you are actually
having sex to completion you have to
have sex with a pig to completion you
need to finish right uh-huh and so it's
like it's really like it's really good
and like all the acting is really superb
and you know it's it's just a really
well-made little short
about this guy going through a moral
dilemma of like saving someone's life
but he asked a fucker ping does he do it
I don't want to spoil it okay but and so
like it's but it's like it's all more
than women and there's no real sci-fi
elements to it and so I was I was a
little put off just because like it was
so real like the acting was so good but
later the literally the next all
episodes have a significant sci-fi
element to them and I enjoyed those a
lot more we're almost to the point where
it's just like why did you start with
the pigfucker episode you know like it's
so off-putting like big fucking barren
but uh but the overall it's very good
and I really do recommend it I've been
really enjoying watching those episodes
black mirror enjoying it I'm still I'm
still watching Voyager I'm going through
the whole fucking thing I like a lot of
language near the end of season three I
hate I hate that first season mm-hmm
first and second season why was I
watching it I don't know you know
there's there's a lot of bad employer
but I still overall enjoyed it but
there's a lot of bad
I like this ship I like you know what
and I like Janeway I'm putting that out
there
I like Janeway she's she's a screwed up
captain and foot I like her she's she's
no Picard no we're not getting crazy
here but I like it
she's got her own agenda where Chakotay
is never going to hit that is he not
even not even close not even close and
the doctors still the best character on
the show which yes is a little bit sad
was one of my favorite bosses in in
there's just about any shooter actually
others say they're saying that Charlie
Brooker the guy who makes Black Mirror
just really likes messing with people
and so that's why he wanted the
pigfucker episode to be the first
episode so he could be like a show about
pigfuckers I love it you know I gotta
say I really do overall recommend it
it's just like getting past that first
episode it's a little tough
cuz it's real man that BBC I got good
actors they have good talent over there
Harry Kim is my favorite character in
Star Trek set no one
[Laughter]
but you could that's good
war Turk says that Chakotay isn't even a
character really more a piece of bridge
scenery that's Harry that's Harry Kim do
that that's a problem with Voyager it's
that's most of the damn characters on
the show yeah oh and my apologies
apparently black Mary is made by channel
4 not BBC I don't know every show that's
from England is BBC to me I'm an
American I don't know these things
thought they were the same thing BBC
channel 4 one to it and they have
multiple channels we have I you this is
the thing people we don't know we're
American yeah no Chakotay
Chakotay was a great promise of a
character was he I think so cuz yeah
right cuz he was like the leader of the
rebels and there's like how are these
two people ever gonna get along I mean
the promise was broken in the first
episode but I think he was a good setup
like he could have been a good foil you
know oh yeah but they didn't use him
that way
no no no but that's how that's how he
was set up right he was the rogue
commander like Starfleet trained but
took his own path right huh and so light
and Janeway were is by the book
Starfleet Command by the book that would
have been a great pairing and so like
imagine if it was like Chakotay who's
all like we have to disrupt the prime
directive to save the crew and Jane was
like we can't do that it's the prime
directive and Checotah it's like we have
to and that was Chakotay instead of
Janeway's like instead of Janeway
disobeying the prime directive all the
time that could have been interesting
Voyager is a series of missed
opportunities I mean great premise so
there's so much that could have done
with that premise yep they chose not to
do it hardly any of it yeah yeah yeah
yeah what are you gonna do nothing you
know what you're gonna do rich you watch
goddamn Firefly watch it do it already
yeah I'll be I'll be intensely happy for
eight episodes and then I'll be very sad
yes
but the happiness outweighs the sadness
that it does I don't know about that
yeah there's not gonna be a satisfying
resolution to any of this I can't I
can't see that as a positive my brain
doesn't work that way like rich do you
have any sort of like guilty pleasures
and sorry when it comes to like games
movies TV shows I do love like I don't
have cable anymore but I loved cooking
shows like like for example like chopped
I will watch every single episode of
chopped ever made if it's on like if I'm
at a hotel and they have cable and I
will go to the Food Network and watch
anything the Food Network produces it's
it's 15 years old now I remember kind of
liking that Invisible Man TV show on the
Sci Fi Channel I think I think that
would count as a guilty pleasure I don't
even know what that is
[Music]
experimental Glenn putting his head that
could turn him invisible but it was also
making him insane and he he had the
gland put in just to get out of uh three
strikes or out you know life in prison
thing the doctors slowly going insane
and he needs to work for the government
so we can get the injections to keep
them from losing his mind okay a lot of
bad episodes but it's nice premise II
kind of things to it hmm all right
that's good a little a little schlocky
go yeah guarantee stock guaranteed right
yeah yeah it is and that's okay like
yeah that's that's the problem like I I
have a problem with like guilty
pleasures in general or it's like I
don't have any guilty pleasures I just
enjoy things and I'm not ashamed of the
things I enjoy and like I enjoy cooking
shows and that's you know there cooking
shows they're not know if you're not
great I enjoy romantic comedies and I'm
not going to
all that a guilty pleasure it's thinking
it's something I enjoy
I like cheesy action movies like I unyk
ly love face-off I love the rock great
like mostly because those movies are not
ashamed of what they are you know
they're balls out and and they don't
care and I mean they're listen and I
know like they're dumb but they're
they're not trying to be anything else
and I don't I don't necessarily think
that think of that as like a guilty
pleasure just because I know what they
are they know what they are we're just
enjoying each other what what what in
gaming terms constitutes is a guilty
pleasure that's a good question like for
me because like I you know you know we
do the show we do the streams I I do try
to play as many new things as possible
to help with the show and so like for me
the biggest guilty guilty pleasure is
just replaying something I've already
played does that count
nope I think that's guilty like for
example a game you like that like
according to either general consensus or
or reviews you're not you're not
supposed to say sorry say that again
something something that is generally
disliked by people but you like it
anyway that's what a guilty pleasure is
III don't know that's that's how I'm
going to define it right now okay no if
that's the definition let's see here's
something that is panned by other people
but I I'm gonna say by popular consensus
more so than reviews - yep sure sure
okay okay let's see here
I don't know no I mean in gaming I don't
know if there's anything no no I mean
yeah I'm sorry I can't think of anything
like you're like so that would probably
be something like my Call of Duty
wouldn't be like in certain circles that
would be called duty but not yeah yeah
like if you if you liked Call of Duty in
certain circles that would be considered
a guilty pleasure
firepower increased 40% that's what I
like to hear
nice oh sure oh that's a good example
the dynasty warrior games yes there you
go that's it there you go
thank you smelter wedge in all of us yes
the dynasty warrior games like any any
of that kind of brawler beat him up hack
and slash I do enjoy games like that a
lot and I have played a lot of the
dynasty Warriors franchise I guess for
me it's brutal legend okay I kind of
like brutal engine yeah it's a weird
sort of real-time strategy game and I
like it I like style I like the game
sure I like some the writing no I think
that's fine but it's like you know again
guilty pleasures like I'm not guilty
about liking dynasty Warriors I'm very
aware of my lack of dynasty Warriors uh
any sort of that kind of game I saw
someone mentioned like the Tony Hawk
series oh I played a shit out of a lot
of Tony Hawk games and you know they
might not be the greatest gaming
experience for everyone but yeah I like
in them and I'm not going to apologize
for liking them
I got thirst a long time yeah like
dynasty Warriors there's so many things
right does that it just just mow and
down dudes it does a lot of things wrong
- like it's incredibly repetitive it's I
mean I think they're on dynasty Warriors
16 right now well they're not true
they're not trying you know yeah they're
not trying anymore but it's it's still
low satisfying gaming experience
[Laughter]
dynasty Warriors is odd it's everyone's
guilty pleasure well good oh yeah made
that shot
and no I have not played Hyrule warriors
because I mean I knew I know what its
gonna be and I don't have time I didn't
know oh yeah oh it's out its out its
it's exactly it's a Dynasty Warriors
game with with the Zelda skins you know
this game is not meant for snipers game
shotguns and mini guns yeah yeah come on
do you have to use this neighbor rifle
no where's one place where you do it's
almost like a puzzle
kind of section ah okay you have to
shoot out the lights rich they're saying
there's definitely not enough dick
punching in this game I haven't been
using the melees much but how do you
dick punch a robot I guess there can't
be dick punching in this game do they
have some sort of like ventilation
shafts wouldn't that count is there more
like like a but a ventilation shaft do
they have some sort of fluid release
system perhaps with bed the sums are
disgusting the way you say that so I've
got a fluid release system hey hey hey
there baby
I would like to observe your fluid
release system look
it's what you're saying - babe I know
how oh ma fucker what happened I just
got like shot immediately the actor Rex
egg tonight how many people when the
chair got that reference I think
everybody I guess yeah we set it on the
chat before yeah we've talked about that
that commercial in the chat before and
you know so I think everyone in the chat
got it I wonder just in general for
general viewership how many of them got
it are there like why are they doing
funny voices
