Episode 223
Vanquish - Half & a Hack (Part 3)
March 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnRJP2pl57E
___________________________________________

that's what we're talking about oh I did
I did see that in the chat I'm seeing
how the stuff is saying that they are
starting up a a movie night Tuesday
nights here in chats where yeah they're
gonna come to the chat room Tuesday
nights and watch you know try to all
watch the same movie together not live
on stream because that would be illegal
but you know you watch it on your own
and chat about it here in Canada which
would be nice
what have you what have you fully owned
the rights to something can you still
not stream a video on Twitch if you own
the rights to it you can okay yeah
unless they have some kind of weird
Terms of Service is the game streaming
service only I don't know I want to sit
you know I I don't know twitch is known
for gaming thing but of you know they
have like they have talked shows you
know they have people who just get on
and talk yeah about things that it's not
purely gameplay footage it's all gaming
related but I could I would only assume
that if you owned the rights to
something they wouldn't object to you
streaming it alright I did I did see I
did see in the chat and on uh on the our
alum subreddit that they are starting
them to the movie chat and I think
that's a neat idea
yeah more power to use yeah but like
I've seen people on Twitch do stuff like
like corridor digital who's a a YouTube
YouTube content producers I've seen them
do stuff like After Effects work on
Twitch I guess they don't anymore so
maybe they got shut down but I think
would be cool like I I would love to
like chat with someone while they're
doing like Photoshop or After Effects we
totally just love done that just to chat
with them on a professional Oh what are
you doing here like almost like an
interactive tutorial I think that would
be really nice he's gonna drop two huge
fuckers on my shepherd no that's not
good
go suck my shotgun you you dine out you
know he died my organ
you shreem is for everything else you
know I'll get it I'll talk to twitch and
I'll be like listen listen this is what
we're doing what what parts of the order
stream got muted I don't know uh
everything we plug we didn't play extra
music everything in that stream was from
the damn game sure but they were
shutting down the stuff from the game
some of it to God when I when I exported
clips to YouTube some of it you know was
was like third-party copyright notice
and I had to have YouTube scrub it or
something that's just how it works
Oh digital rights management rich it
it's how it happens
oh I'm so sorry JP versus the world this
is the old Zelda commercial led me to be
Robin and Zelda Williams spot feels it's
true you should be sad about that you
should you should remember the good
times let him live on in your memory
don't don't think about him hanging in
his closet well do you don't you don't
need to mention what but he didn't need
to Pinterest it mention what good yeah
let's get back to game rich are you
playing inverted yes which is throwing
me off sometimes cuz I'm like what I'm
like in blind-fire mode III my brain
wants to invert still but when I'm it's
strange when you're playing with a mouse
you you play now non agree yes not that
I've played many shooters since then cuz
you know where we had to play the order
and then I was playing hands of fade and
I've been still been playing necrodancer
a lot yeah yeah I've seen the chat rich
you know who angry Joe is right yeah
okay I do I don't know who angry Joe is
but rich does he was talking about him
earlier today
who's angry Joe someone had asked me if
we like Angry Joe uh he just his guy
online does does YouTube video game
reviews no okay
he'd to hit a bit with the order with
the picking things up and looking at it
yeah thing were you know he just had a
camera of his hand picking up an
old-timey photo and then he turns it
around and there's like a like a drawing
of a dick or something on the other side
which is funny if you understand in the
order that he's constantly picking up
random things and looking at them and
putting them back down we were and we
were thinking about doing that for the
for the match has been oh yeah we're
rich as the match in his hand and the
chef's shakes it around but I cut the
whole picking things up from the episode
so I we didn't use it the end but but
you like him he's a good reviewer
I've said a few things you've done other
I think it's okay I'm not super familiar
with him like my go-to review guys
usually it was usually Yahtzee yeah yeah
though I I think like deliberately since
we started doing this i've stopped
watching reviews like I used to watch
totalbiscuit a lot mmm but I I've been
avoiding it since we doing this because
I don't want to here are some first
impressions that I get on a game where
we might review sure yeah I know I've
stopped like escapist in general I
stopped going to mostly because they uh
I really like movie Baba he's like he's
a very good film critic and in general
nerd culture guy yes and he no longer
post videos there so I just I just
haven't been to the site to watch any
Yahtzee videos but of corn every one
likes yeah I've never I don't know if
I've seen any totalbiscuit stuff I think
like you played a total biscuit for me a
video for me once when we were deciding
what game to play but I don't think I've
ever seen any total biscuits though but
but I mean everybody likes yeah I missed
it ah fuck you guys know like movie Bob
I like move about I think it's great I'm
John shit yes mr. one sniper rifle shot
number yes oh I'm sorry
fucked I'm sorry escape escape is does
suck now like they were they were really
rocking there for a while a lot of good
shows and and now it's now it's
basically the Yahtzee show which I mean
I guess it's fine cuz yeah everybody
like see on see but they got rid of a
lot of content producers that I really
liked and so I just don't go there much
anymore I really liked I liked I liked
his movie reviews to escape to movies
but I really like he had this show that
was just like I want to talk about
something for five minutes it called um
I'm gonna forget what it's called now
yeah yeah the big picture that's what it
was called yeah the big picture was just
like he would make a video every week
and he's just like I want to talk about
how weird Wonder Woman is you know she
is weird she is weird right and so is
just like a video I'm like here's the
history of Wonder Woman isn't that weird
and so like really great show the big
picture of you created by the guy who
invented the lie detector yeah now so
also she's thinly disguised bondage
fetish a weakness is being tied up by a
man yes good that great yeah like I
really enjoyed his big picture show a
lot and was sad to see it go so
hopefully he continues to make stuff
like that but and yeah you know what I
also agree like Yahtzee his shtick is
kind of getting old like he's been
around me he's just he's been doing it
for so long
yeah I still enjoy hearing the things he
has to say but we're getting to that
point where he's just like repeating
himself a lot hopefully he he finds a
new new stuff
I might so listen to him anyway because
his tastes seem to parallel mine a lot
he's he's big the fan I discovered No
More Heroes because I am mm-hmm so I
will continue to listen to Yahtzee every
now and then oh sure I'm sure
I realize now enjoy dancing but he's an
asshole and so shit he might die I don't
care what movie Bob does outside of his
shows I'm just talking about the things
he makes I enjoy the things he makes if
you don't like him on social media then
don't follow him on social media that's
kind of how social media works you get
to choose who you follow them or not and
listen to it's great that's really great
but it's weird I know it's weird it's
sometimes it's hard to make sure are you
are you jet running on a train right now
or five minutes ago that's that's a
button from sequence come on I don't
know I don't know yeah that doesn't
count right
so yeah you can you can you can borrow
my PlayStation 3 to play this I know
you're talking about getting finding it
on the Xbox but do you still have an
xbox
I thought you got rid of all your old
game stuff I don't remember if I got rid
of my 360 or if I just put it in the
basement I'll have to double check
that's an important way I mean I got rid
of it just cuz like I moved it from I
removed it from my living room just cuz
I wasn't playing it anymore
don't play that if you want to borrow my
360 so that you can buy a copy of
vanquish on it I can do that too
you still a 360 I still have a three
sister I'm a packrat when it comes to
Constable's like I still got the old
Nintendo I still got mine s about my
Super Nintendo I think that's great
I've got a Sega Saturn somewhere I think
now that's great we can play the scud
game then oh yeah it's also shows I've
talked about both of you guys whose
books I've read both of you got six
books jam and move world and I really
enjoy jam muga roll was a little rough
but I really enjoyed jam I really
dislike to be ending it kind of fizzled
near the end but overall I really
enjoyed jam I know I've never seen this
transparency effect before what is
what's happening with it hi I'm panning
the camera down below the lip of the
ship uh-huh and the ship goes
translucent so you can see the main
character still well it's not seen games
do that a lot but I've never seen that
in this game before new to me yeah yeah
I know that's my thing with the ps3 is
like both is like both of the sticks I'm
used to a 360 controller so my thumbs
face up when I hold the controller but
on a Dual Shock my thumbs would be like
facing each other and that's weird
for me so I don't I have I prefer the
360
but did you know to each their own
or not we're not here to we're not here
to judge oh we are here to do it we just
don't how about that it's a review show
we're specifically here to judge
I don't know I don't know anything about
GTA 5 online
I have no no interest miss well mr. cool
man is making an r LM crew in GTA 5 ah
ah and but I but he's giving me like
numbers and those mean nothing to me so
I I can't help you
I they those numbers mean nothing to be
a G I don't I don't know I don't know I
just want to let him know cuz I saw him
spam butternuts famine he said it a
couple times and but I I just don't
understand anything about you do what
you will that's all I have to say I'm
very much a single-player gamer but you
know this right Ryan I do know this red
letter media is our hacked frauds it's
really true
I played red red redemption online a few
times I kind of hated it stick sick of
the single-player I don't need a bunch
of assholes running around give me a
hard time
oh yeah that's right rich did you see
the new prereq animated oh yeah that was
great shit
that was great oh man I was I was so
excited to see that he was emailing me
unlike a couple days beforehand like
looking for some thumbnail suggestions I
was really excited to I mean it's great
he's easily I really enjoyed the
animation style and he chooses really
fun sections the co-op section to me
though was the best you know no you know
what he needs to animate the the end of
are the order stream I just grabbed that
box that we keep the keyboard in and I
just started beating the table with it
sure that animated would be great listen
he did we have no control over that he
does what he does
oh yeah yeah it's not an employee right
there's art we don't pay for that shit
there's a fan word it's a great fan work
yes it's really great and prop Stuart no
I don't know who the nostalgia chick is
but I'm assuming she's somehow related
to the what's-his-name that installed
nostalgia critic right I have no idea
she part of that channel that guy with
the glasses thing or that is that what
that is
they say her sounds Jack I think you
would like the nostalgia chick her style
is kind of like Harlem and she enjoys
Harlem I think that's great I think
we've talked about this a couple times
we've them like we don't watch many
other review shows because we you know
we make review shows and so it's like we
don't we don't actually watch a lot of
other stuff like one because we're busy
making and two because like you know
mostly because I guess we're just busy
like what but I'm sure I noticed no
disrespect no disrespect to anyone
except for the people that made the
order 1886 all disrespect to them with
that unresolved ending so we can see the
sequel shit I I just hated the game
before that but after that I lost
respect for everyone involved with that
game disgusting disgusting
only selling point to that game this
story the story was bad and they're not
gonna end it so we don't even get to see
the end of the story it fuck fuck off
fuck you take that shit shove it up your
ass violently and and listen guys we're
not here to like debate the good or bad
of other review shows like nostalgia
critic movie Bob if you like to me like
I'm if you don't you don't we don't have
to I see like a lot of people been like
don't how dare you compare nostalgia
critic to hopefully we're all adults or
else we've been cussing a lot do your
parents know you're watching this if
you're not if you're not an adult and
you hear swearing a big fucking deal
you're going to swear in your life it's
gonna happen
I'm just saying unless unless you're
some kind of weirdo
becomes a Mormon I'm just I'm just
saying like my sister I'm referencing my
sister again I just think I just think
if you're not in a dump if you are a
child your parents should be somehow
involved in your life
oh I love this shotgun don't be a dick
that's right John Jackman it's John v8
when it just don't be big that's what
we're here for
you can like anything you want to like
that's okay unless it's the order 1886
you're not allowed to like I suppose you
can like that and then we just don't
have to listen to you which is the great
thing I like that I don't unseated ult's
in like eight quotation marks we're all
adults here this is this is my favorite
shotgun in gaming jac that that
knock-back just just the knock back
alone it makes it very effective just
blind firing like you're fleeing you can
just pull the trigger on that and I love
the shotgun so much do you like like I
like it in a game when a gun feels like
a gun you know like yeah yeah when you
when you shoot the smaller enemies and
they go flying backwards that's great
that's just great what it that's right
that's right shotgun specialist remember
the one they were yelling constantly
where did they find all the suicidal
shotgun rebels I mean a lot of people a
lot of people want to do in the
rebellion did not value their own lives
and see I agree mr. cool man do the
absolute worst reviewers are those hack
assholes over at red letter media those
guys don't know what they're talking
about dicks bunch dicks I went to the
range I went to the gun range a couple
months ago with my dad I don't like it's
not a regular thing was he trying to put
you down
no mom son let's go to the gun range
luckily I was pretty quick on the feet
don't wear white no like I don't go like
I enjoy it I think it's really fun I'm
trying to talk Richenda going but I'm
not responsible enough to handle a gun
I'm too clumsy it can only end in tears
I'm gonna turn around I'm not gonna be
thinking and like the instructors head
is gonna go flying off and it's gonna be
my fault and it's gonna be terrible
yeah I'm not I'm not going to the gun
range oh no oh and by the way I want to
make this play because I see someone
making a joke that I am a shill for the
NRA I am I am Pro responsible gun usage
I am anti NRA they are in the NRA is
nothing but but I what do you call those
people that like try to sell stuff to
congressmen lobbyists lobbyists yeah the
NRA is nothing but a terrible lobbying
organization they don't care about
individual gun rights or
responsibilities as someone who is in
general like pro-gun but being a
responsible gun owner I don't give a
shit about the NRA so
sorry get a little pillow nuts for a
second but I thought Jeff wanted to be
very clear about that gun safety is very
important and I don't think I don't
think they have the best interests of
their members at the forefront they they
have the best interest of Congress in
front of them but in any case advocacy
group it's going but um
yes the NRA is a gun manufacturer
lobbyists that's exactly what they are
they don't care about you
I believe in responsible gun ownership
but uh no they don't care but anyway I
think you know
we could be cool about gun safety and
that's why I went with my dad he's a gun
owner and he goes every once in a while
to practice and clean out his guns yeah
because he's a responsible gun owner in
any case
I got weird that got it that felt weird
that's okay you're allowed to get weird
every now and then Jack yeah you're a
lot I get weird that just felt like I
felt that field darn that felt real you
know just talking about guns it's wrong
with that nothing
I'm not progra done because I grew up on
a violent program because I it's what
feels right to me I'm Pro responsible of
gun home you're you're afraid the King
of England was gonna walk into your room
and start telling you that you need to
pay taxes on that that T you're drinking
uh that thought terrifies you 100% pound
represent no I just you know it's it's
one of those things where it's like
obviously the Second Amendment doesn't
mean what it used to mean right because
that's what it used to mean people were
literally afraid of the King of England
connected to their house but but uh you
know what I said I believe in personal
responsibility that's the only finesse
that's pretty sweet attack what are you
doing I know he like this giant robot
lunged at me this
Tim's ten ten story tall robot lunging
at me oh I'm watching it now
Thanks nice
oh yeah and people are talking about it
like have you ever even thanked
attention to any of the GBC hardware
announcements okay
I have been Balak awesome something you
won't be interested in but you might
find amusing is Sony announced a major
innovation with a PlayStation hardware
update her software update ok so ok
ready for this major innovation in Sony
Playstation stop is it horribly
intrusive DRM nope no rope no that's
good I mean it's an innovation wrench
that's what they would stay with so
matís innovation are you ready for this
yeah you will with the next Sony
Playstation patch you will have the
ability to configure keys and you can
you add a fucking Mouse that's all I
want to do with a fucking game probably
not yeah and fuck them you'll be able to
swap the keys individually no matter
what the game says you will be able to
trade keys you'll be able to customize
your key layout for your controller
which you know that's me call me when I
can use a mouse also the big big
announcements is valve has officially
announced the release of steam machines
later this year steam machines will
happen this year with the weird vowel
touch pad controller
good vision I want so badly to get my
hands on that controller I don't think
that if the steam machine allows more
games to come out in PC just because you
know it's easy it's convenient to do
well we're already releasing it on the
steam then I'm fine with the steamship
she done is he doing I'm wondering he's
doing like a fancy death animation oh
sure sure
you know the the only weird thing is
like steam all my bullets oh that's why
you stopped shooting I'm out of ammo
I've been shooting this guy so much I
can't shoot him anymore
the only thing is like the steam
machines you know we'll be running the
the steam OS which is Linux and so like
there are some games that won't run on
Linux and that's that's gonna be the
hardest that's gonna be the biggest
hurdle I think but anyone who's
developing like the switch over from a
windows unit to Linux is fairly simple
in any case I'm excited to get my hands
on the on the steam controller the
touchpad controller looks interesting I
I don't know if it'll work it just cuz I
have not had my hands on it but I'm
excited I will be getting one of those
controllers just to see how it works you
know oh we should do an episode on the
controller
yeah that'd be great actually wouldn't
it be that'd be fun this is just
expensive what business expense yeah
yeah yeah it's true and valve announced
in collaboration with HTC their own
virtual reality headset okay so and I
don't give it I don't give a shit either
yeah everyone's all over this oculus
rift there yeah whatever yeah I don't I
I mean I already have glasses all the
time I don't want to put more things on
my face the touchpad was very low
someone that has had hands on it they
said the touchpad it was very weird
difficult to use well you know sometimes
new things take a while to get used to
but it still might be effective yeah the
thing birds like first time first time I
use the mouse for a shooter horribly
weird but I
I could intellectually I could see the
benefits so I stuck with it and within
hours was only hours I was like oh this
is great
right and so then the question is like
with the controller will the learning
curve be worth it and also will will the
touchpad give us more options as gamers
and I think it will I think with touch
pads we're gonna have greater options
for controls where people are gonna
think of control schemes that you
couldn't do with just joy pads and keys
and I like that either they're pushing
forward even with VR like they're
pushing forward it's not something I'm
terribly interested in but they're
trying and I
think we should applaud them trying they
might fail failure is always an option
so failure is the most likely option see
that's a more negative way to say it but
it's true
Oh what the fucks are back oh yeah I see
it Oh a ruse a ruse thank you for
subscribing two months in a row now I'd
say it's in a chat as well so their lack
of what the fucks for a bruise oh it's
yeah oh it was a ruse they're back Hey
apparently they they unplugged and
replugged in the twitch servers that's
great I don't wonder what see like valve
did make games but valve has made
something far far more important as far
as I'm concerned there's another what
the fuck check there's another one scoot
to may halt a scoot may halt thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it five months in a row the valve is
valve has moved on possibly or more
there they have they have half like
half-life 3 just done and are waiting
they are there waiting for the steam
machine they may great it's quite
possible and by the way I want to say I
fucking call that like everyone called
that where am I gonna go are they gonna
go straight to half my figure they
actually you think they're ever actually
going to release episode 3 well this
will be episode episode 3 will be like
the fall again yep and it will be a
Linux game that runs perfectly on their
steam machine it's good so yeah that's
that's exactly what they've been waiting
for but no valve is as they've been
they've been you know at the forefront
of digital games you know they've made
an entire platform
they're making their own operating
system that runs games they're making
machines there I think they're doing
fine I'm not worried about valve they're
fine I'm trying to line up his the the
models face with the with the the
chatbox head I think I got a pretty well
lined up I see it I see that oh wait I
think rich yep
I think button prompts are equivalent to
modern music auto-tune and the TV and
movies shaky-cam
comment you might you might hear our
auto-tune thing for the first time I
think oh that sounds kind of neat but
the the order esque button from sequence
cutscene that's never been interesting
that's never been fun and I think you
have to be an idiot to think that that's
a game play okay hold on for a second
Vince seven six eight nine zero thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I agree
people can use shaky-cam
effectively people can use autotune to
enhance or make a song a certain style
and I don't think that button prompts
will ever get that across there are
there are times where it will be
tolerable button prompts but I don't
think it's never acceptable
my boy gotcha gotcha motherfucker die
motherfucker die no oh boy beat says
let's get back to your insane
perspective that VR won't be amazeballs
well I'm like boy beats one you just
said amazeballs so we don't have to
listen to you anymore that's a rule I
want to say that I'm fine with
amazeballs
I've known good I've known good people
who've said amazeballs okay all right
that's fine ah I just I think it's a
little played out I think it's left laid
out already
what do you know jack I don't know
anything well no merits I don't know
anything are you in a giant robot now
are you in a machine gun shooting mech
uh more like a cannon shooting Mac
that's not Manish you're in a cannon
shooting 8080 at the moment hey that's
great I'm not Sam that VR won't be great
I'm just saying I'm not interested at
the moment
let let VR surprise me it'll be great
I'm sure or won't I don't I just don't
care I cannot care about VR right now I
don't see the games I don't see I don't
see the immersion yet but it could be
that and that's the real thing like cmk
cmk wine CMYK gesture says I don't say I
don't think VR will catch on no one
wants to wear heavy bullshit on their
head I think that right right this is
the biggest problem we need to overcome
is like you're you're wearing shit on
your head and that's that's gonna cause
fatigue and eventually we might get over
this problem but it's not gonna be this
generation I don't think wait till it
gets a little bit lighter wait until
like it's something maybe a bigger
screen I can track your head movement
it's gonna be something it's not gonna
be this I don't think I might be wrong I
don't know it's just it's just not
anything I'm interested be like I said
because and it here's why I have glasses
and this whole like new wave of 3d like
putting 3d glasses over my glasses is so
fucked up I hate it so that's all that
it's that's all that virtual reality is
gonna be for me is having to wear
something over my glasses and it's gonna
pinch my head and it's gonna hurt
because I have to wear them all with my
glasses and they're not meant for people
who wear glasses so it's just not of
anything
in that's interesting to me
oh I'm playing again do we have another
oh I think subscriptions are down again
row wall row wall thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
working for a minute it was working for
exactly one minute that's all you're
gonna ask all you're gonna ask for yeah
that's true
I think someone's chat is asking if I
like jontron rich have you seen any Joan
front of it was
what's a jontron he's a YouTube creator
oh no I mean I'm not familiar with
he makes YouTube videos about video
games yeah I don't I think he's funny he
doesn't he doesn't uh I'll put that
often but in general I think he's funny
I watched I subscribed to his channel on
YouTube and enjoy it whenever he comes
out with something some of those
episodes are better than others he's
like he's not much you know a favor he's
good though I enjoy him I like I like
his style I like he does he does funny
voices in his videos too because he's uh
he just gets exacerbated and I know okay
okay
and he says stuff he says stuff that I
enjoy listening to I haven't I haven't
used the EBUS so much good shot
oh is that sekai he's not dead oh wow
that was dumb that was just dumb there's
no excuse for that
yes EJ they're saying like jontron is
funny but not a cool person I don't know
that I I am judging like everyone else
we've talked about tonight like I I can
only judge someone by the content that
they put out I don't I don't know him
personally I cannot say
if there was a controversy about him I
don't know of it I've scribe to his
YouTube channel that is my extent that
is my extensive knowledge of Chandra
he's a guy he's a guy whose videos I've
seen if he has covered the controversy
in his videos then I know about it but I
don't so that's it that's it and fnatic
haven't heard of either of those people
I'm sorry yeah so does it launch yeah
should good or is it a dick shaped
launcher of something else
obviously I meant disk but I'm rich
Evans I think that should be a gun in a
game like it the dick like a dildo gun
like you just shoot big floppy dildos at
things I would kind of love that oh we
missed we missed a Sun no the subs
aren't showing up again Elvis enigma
enigma'
abou thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it and I apologize for the
subs not working today but in any case
we appreciate it
these things happen they do a dick
punching launcher so okay it's a it's a
big floppy dildo gun that shoots big
floppy dildos and you have and now it
worked you have to hit people in the
dick with the dildos this is the game
we're gonna make it worked what works
oh hey Bono Doug thank you for
subscribing past six months we really
appreciate it
I think that bond and gun on human guard
on bong bong God the God bunga bunga
bunga bunga bunga
okay well listen rich help me make this
gun now yeah so it shoots big floppy
dildos and the point of the game is to
hit as many people in the dick as you
can in the dick with the dick gun yes no
you have to hit them in an orifice
it's an impalement it's an amazing
weapon so yeah it shoots the dick out
with such force that you get impaled by
it and then it's like a little motor in
the dick where like shakes back and
forth okay
after you're impaled Oh what if that's
like secondary fire secondary fire is
like making the the like a little rocket
come out of the back of the dick and so
you have to hit people with the dick and
then time the secondary fire to launch
the rocket
so the dick sticks in the people why are
we talking about this it was wrong with
us it seemed funny
I enjoy it like the visual of a giant
floppy dildo flying through the air is
an image that you enjoy that's an image
that I find amusing and so I see I see
did your wife know of all this do you
both enjoy watching these things
together you want to you want some real
talk just as we were making this this
like a dick gun rocket coming out of Vic
stuff she stuck her head in my office
she shook her head because that that
happened to be the part where she was
walking by and heard me talk about a
dildo god no I'm gonna be okay with that
of course that's right doctor vector
because we're all adults in here
right what are some other YouTube
craters you creators you enjoy like rich
who do you subscribe to on YouTube
checker cycle the checkers guy numbers
file never file yeah do you also do
scishow GC cgp grant no okay I really
enjoy his stuff I really enjoy his stuff
I enjoy the healthcare triage familiar
with them oh it's just guys just a
doctor and he like talks about latest
medical news and stuff that's good
healthcare triage I enjoy he's just like
he's just the guy who talks about like
the latest in medical news as I'm I
think it's just because I'm getting
older now it's like I'm interested in
medical right no I really like
healthcare triage that's a fun show I
John try and I subscribe to as we talked
about earlier star underscore who's a
guy that does gameplay videos and tf2
videos I enjoy him I think we talked
about this Germa nine eight five I want
to say his name is he's also like a tf2
streamer and a not a streamer a tf2
player and he does other game type stuff
on his channel he's who I found hand of
fate through he did uh okay okay he did
the video on hand of fate and and that
convinced me to buy it and I really
enjoy it so I really doing Gemma's
videos yes Jack absolutely confirmed for
CGP grey pen I wore his shirt on an
episode of best oh you fucker oh two
soldiers got my way yeah
two soldiers two of my tattoo of the
Allies friendly friendly fire friendly
oh no shit shit I do not care for puny
penny I don't get it I don't give beauty
prize thing I'm too old apparently I've
heard that I've heard one who got him so
big was multiple countries like Swedish
started Sweden had following there and
then ended up on us YouTube and yep it's
no bald
it's no but why and viewers led to more
viewers and because he could put out
daily video yeah actually that brings up
a good point a game theorist I subscribe
to game theory
I really enjoyed that show matpat I
don't subscribe to that I probably
should I like game theory oh man they
have some grated they just did a really
great one on on like the real a great
like breakdown of what's really going on
in the Mushroom Kingdom it's a fun stuff
game theorist I really he confirmed my
theory about Rosalina and and Super
Mario Galaxy yes yeah yeah he did that
one that was a good one
I've been saying that about Rosaline for
years he confirmed everything yeah that
was a really good no they just they make
good stuff alright game theory so you
should subscribe to that they're great
yeah I should but I don't
so I know I have a lot of weird I have a
lot of people I subscribed to that don't
make videos that often and so all of a
sudden like a video will pop up in my
subscription feed and I'm like who the
fuck is this I've kind of avoided
talking about the atheism things I don't
want to offend the religious viewers but
like the Bible were loaded something I
might listen to every now and then I
don't sure that's fine
listen richly its the armored skeptic oh
I don't even know what that is he's
fairly new it's another atheism kind of
thing oh okay okay
like I subscribed to bellacor seed farms
the guy who did did you ever watch
Freeman's mind
no some guy this was before Let's Plays
were a thing he started playing
half-life episode 1 but he gave Gordon
Freeman an inner monologue
ok and it was and it is literally he
plays through the entire game in like 10
minutes
uh-huh and just like but Gordon Freeman
is like flipping out over everything it
sounds amazing
it's amazing the entire thing is so
great and like he this was like back in
the Machinima days and like he a bunch
of his videos got like embroiled in like
copyright issues because of machinima
but no fre freeman's mind if anyone just
wants to have a really good laugh and
also watch a playthrough of the
half-life 1 of half-life 1 it's super
great super great Ackerson farms is his
website and YouTube channel
Ross Ross is his name that's right
man super funny stuff super funny stuff
no I'm not dead I'm obviously talking to
that robot next come on Jack get on the
truck
oh rich at PAX this weekend there was a
booth of religious gamers and how to
integrate gaming into your faith to get
closer with Jesus and stuff that sounds
very useful to me he said everyone was
passing by them and kind of fell to him
did they kind of felt bad for that's
fine listen do what you do what you do
oh yeah mr. question yeah I like
egoraptor stuff I like his animations
and I like I like his sequences yeah
that's good stuff I started watching oh
yeah him and jontron do game grumps and
I started watching that but it got too
it got too much for me they stay when
they started putting out content like
every single day with game grumps I
couldn't watch it anymore but I'm sure
they're still doing that and it's great
but just a little too much for my
subscription fee but I still enjoy his
like his animation kind of content but I
wish them the best with the bear
grumping I used to subscribe to them but
I don't anymore one channel junk ball
media they're nice retrospective on all
of the the Star Trek ship models like
like the physical models how they were
built what happened to them mm-hmm I
thought that was an interesting series
of videos oh cool
talking about start YouTube stuff
oh yeah that's gone they kind of just
like do they like go like deck-by-deck
or how do they who built it you know I'm
dodging bullets and whatnot okay how the
how the models changed over the years
like what what details they added like
like the original I guess the
enterprise-d model was was too big to
make an awkward to work with so they
built a smaller one just just stuff
mother actual models rather than the
ship the fictional ship design stuff you
know the nacelles support a warp speed
of nothing like that it's just be more
real real side of oh that's the thing
built oh and I'm just catching up with
you Chad is John no longer doing game
grumps on I'm reading your chat now they
had a photo oh okay um oh I see that
about how that tells me how long ago I
unsubscribe to hearing groom side I'm I
guess I wish whoever is doing the show
now the best of what I don't know what's
the middle of this oh I don't know
they're the they're two YouTube creators
who are making me like I have never seen
game grumps so they these are two
separate YouTube creators who I enjoyed
individually separately and they started
a let's play channel okay so they
started separate than they had a joint
thing then they had a joint thing and I
subscribed to the let's play channel for
a while but then you know like they
started uploading like twice a day or
three times a day or so it was it was it
just got a little too much for me so I
hadn't subscribed to it and it's not a
big deal but apparently there was some
sort of falling out I'm just reading the
chat I know nothing about yeah but
apparently one of them no longer does it
okay but the other one does with someone
else them that's great or not I don't
know maybe it's a better show
maybe it's a better film I don't know
Danny
lots of people that would like to see me
get rid of you Jack that's I mean listen
it's not a sorry
I'm gonna you know what rich even if you
try I'm gonna fucking Klingon check
you're my friend do you do your master
it's you never gonna happen
you fucking truck I didn't I didn't hold
auditions yesterday that's not where I
was yesterday what are you talking about
I know it's not what's not where I was
it's not at did Napa oh are you guys
being serious with the name a new person
came on the show named Danny sex bang
people have weird handles that should be
is gimmick sure I suppose that man it's
that sounded like almost a real name
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine
I wish ago director would make a new
episode of sequel itis - but you know
why don't do what he does
we can't force it he does what he dudes
he does what he do is you can't force it
if you force it it's gonna end up subpar
let him work it out how about that how
about that three deaths that's that's
obnoxious then just sex party why does
that sound familiar do you know a ninja
sex party no I know that name how do I
know that name
how long I have to wait rich I have to
use my brain now no oh shit okay
suicidal robot just ran into me wait is
ninja his ninja sex party like the
comedy group
I saw ninja sex party videos when I was
reviewing videos for Funny or Die is he
four is he part of the I guess that
would make sense so he's a comedian tell
me if this is right makes nerdy yes they
made songs they made like weird they
made before they made comedy songs yes
yeah okay oh great okay oh oh I do I do
know who he is then I've seen I've seen
his videos
oh fuck off oh okay there comedy
musicians yes I do I have seen i when i
was when i was screening videos for
Funny or Die I saw I saw his videos yes
okay
I'd so I know who this this sex banger
is I'm hip with the kids right right I'm
down with the lingo y'all y'all y'all
yos makyo Issel mcfizzles
yeah kids like the hips and the hops
right wordham up high like word him up
that's a good one oh I'm trying to
pretend I'm an insider yeah I'm out
