Episode 228
Hand of Fate for WHAT!?! (Part 1)
April 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLNeQqMs45w
___________________________________________

ow my groin oh my god
apparently you could you could have
pre-ordered this special edition of
hotline Miami 2 with a vinyl soundtrack
ooh I thought we weren't pre-ordering
things anymore
I don't that was a thing that we were
supposed to do people on the internet
not pre-order that pre-order videogames
Oh video games okay I was gonna say i
pre-ordered the blu-ray of Ghoulies and
Ghoulies - I have no regrets
that's pre-ordering something you
already know is good but it's not good
thing something you know you'll enjoy
yeah there was a fiasco late last year
early this garbage game that turned out
to be terrible and and there was a
general consensus that we went for
you're graduating now now guys I have
saved much for this alright
I'm erasing everything you're racing
hopefully hopefully it's backed up
properly oh you might need to turn it
down a little bit now for fuck's any
audio well you just went away from the
audio hold on what are you doing I'm
gonna turn down in here in the mixer I
don't think that works you don't think I
don't know you could do it in game is
all I'm saying
Oh for fuck's sake oh I should update
the string yes you can pre-order brew
blu-rays you're right i pre-ordered
Ghoulies goes-- - which is one blue
right okay and i pre-ordered Escape from
New York I think those are fine
pre-orders especially skate for me or
because that's the best I'm so excited
you think I'm out you probably think
watch watch me nom no here we go no
death run Mary
no death row what what card is written
at a time like this second you take the
second right all right J what's your
favorite John Carpenter movie uh
probably escape from New York for me Big
Trouble in Little China yeah definitely
Big Trouble in Little China yeah there's
other moves that I would say are
probably better but my personal favorite
is escape from New York that's fine
that's a fine thing by the way both both
are fine movies yeah I love Big Trouble
in Little China too let's just let's
just say you're both right now I need
you to say any John Carpenter movie may
it's in the 80s there is a right answer
it's a perfect copy out there all great
I haven't I've only seen they live once
I need to see it again yeah that was one
I saw way before I even knew who John
Carpenter was but it was on cable all
the time when I was a kid yeah so yeah I
just thought the premise was so neat I
remember renting it yeah in the video
store on a VHS tape I know it's crazy
isn't it what yeah you see because it
was just always on cable they used to
have these cassettes that had two spools
with magnetic tape and they would
actually play movies and you had to go
you had to travel out of your house and
go to this building it was the greatest
part of my childhood was going to the
video store every Friday night movies
that's right I'm here to play cards and
chew bubble gum bubble gum cracker man
five to six
yeah cracker man do you beat that
cracker man
select your opponents ranged attacks the
fuckers of building appropriate response
appropriate response
some video source did have video games
as well you're right yeah it was the
thing most didn't you could go and rent
it was great back in the day I never
bought games I rented everything
yeah just about less I really absolutely
love the game sure I played a shitload
of Ness game just because it was like
like Friday after school is my dream you
got to rent a video game but for the
weekend yeah and see how far you can
make it in the weekend yeah nice
it's a tutorial Jack you always get this
sorry jack get out Charlie I'm really
not on the trolley cuz I haven't done
the tutorial get on the trolley you
crocodile brain there you go every week
it's like poetry mine's a ruse you
missed home worlds remastered all of it
it was terrible because I'm horrible at
RTS games look I don't I don't hate the
game I'm just terrible and sure I wish I
were good at the game because I like old
world but RTS azar not my thing
oh god they're saying rich please
explain your game show riddle dejay my
game show woody show riddle what was it
called The Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
no the Monty Hall oh the Monty Hall
problem Monty Hall problem cuz I still
are you are you have you heard of the
money hole problem no all right you know
let's make a deal right he shows you the
three doors he asked you to pick one
yeah and there's usually like a goat
behind two of the doors okay and then
one has the car right sure
so door one two and three you you pick a
door you pick door number one right yeah
and then for dramatic tension sake
Bonnie Hall he reveals what's behind
door number three and it's one of the
goats yeah and he says would you would
you like to change your your-your-your
door for them for the drama of it all
yeah now here's the money hole problem
what is it your best interest does it
make a difference if you change or not
does it affect the odds at all it
doesn't affect the odds no it does this
is some math shit but it does it doubles
your odds of winning the car if you
change your your pick it goes from a
one-third chance to get the car to a 2/3
chance to get the car and there's some
funky math involved but it works that
way okay that's for it because there's
two goats in one car right yeah so when
you make that first choice what are you
more likely gonna to get the go to the
car more likely to get the go to third
chance you're gonna get a go right so
you pick a goat most likely two-thirds
pick a goat he reveals the other goat
right yeah what's the only other door
left but then you still 2/3 chance to
pick a goat the first choice right right
then he reveals one of the goats yeah so
if you're most likely to pick a goat in
the first place and you know where the
other goat is you switch you're gonna
get the car mmm where are you getting
this room numberphile cuz I'm gonna
learn and I like maca I don't have to
look this up and see what they have to
say because I don't get it it's it's
very I think it makes sense
mathematically and I want to say that
they went back
like analyzed who made the choices and
the people that did make the choice to
switch were bigger winners well I've
gone more often and so like the math
checks out even though it's weird yeah
it just seems like chance yeah but yeah
but it seems like no matter what at that
point you have a 50/50 chance yeah
but math hmm I think you're right we're
gonna have this stupid who needs math
we're gonna nod and smile easy I got my
third award from that much louder than
the others let me let me move my
microwave because I'm leaning forward
now when I'm playing this game rich is
abnormally loud I have done all I can
riches Louis I don't know how I don't
know how his voice projects the way it
does it's amazing science needs to study
you rich and probably there's probably
math involved I think we run our math
it's it's always amazing what do you
like cuz you know we have now we record
when rich and I do an episode we can I
get level each of us individually and
it's a nice self-contained audio
recorder that deals with compression
very well so it's like and we have nice
mics on you and yet still you blow it
over time I was like and especially in
like audio mixing the order episode
where you scream for the majority of you
know what you know the problem is there
we do the some checks and I do what's
going to what I think is going to be my
normal voice during the soundcheck and
of course we do the review and I'm
screaming oh no so even even though like
technically your levels are below
everything else you're still louder it
died it makes no sense it's beautiful
I enjoy the mystery of your voice rich
yeah we're playing cards again yes which
would be cool I don't well which doesn't
have a I think a death metal band needs
a deep voice which does not have a deep
hair metal band yes get Richard a hair
metal band I could see me singing dr.
feelgood oh my god we tried to have you
sing once rich I not work out so well at
least your voice sweet yeah to be fair
there was no there was no music to sing
to I don't think it would have made no I
don't think so either
um didn't you try it auto-tune his voice
Jack and you couldn't couldn't even
figure that out wouldn't your computer
just exploded it's that's exactly what
happened Rich's hey there with your
heart go yeah I think the outtakes are
online yeah yeah you know what I can be
I can be a BG ace JUCO you're right
we'll call the band dick punch if rich
was in a hair metal band it would be dig
ROG you know technically the axe is
stronger yeah but I like you like thorns
you like thorns even plus to hit points
yes you know what at this point in the
game it doesn't make a fucking
difference sure that's right yes the
fighting in this is not just extremely
Arkham Asylum
besides the bat gadgets it's exactly
Arkham Asylum and that's a good thing
we like Arkham Asylum
no one can stay alive during that I get
it oh sorry we haven't talked about the
game we've stream this game a couple
times so I guess we just assumed that so
this is known it is at this point and
this is the next episode so you'll know
all about this game in a little bit so
this game is part deck building and part
brawler third person brawler and so what
happens at the end of every encounter
right now you're facing you know a jock
a car care for the Jack of dust Jack of
thieves at the end of this rich we'll be
able to organize his deck to give
himself the best odds of getting the
best equipment and also the encounters
that he wants to get and it's this
really nerdy board game II thing where
he's gonna have to organize his deck for
the things that he might get he's not
even guaranteed to get all over the clip
and then throughout the game
he'll randomly pick up equipment that is
in his deck and randomly engage in
encounters that are in his encounter
deck and then you get this nice brawling
easy easy
you get this nice Batman Arkham Asylum
type brawling which is very fun and
satisfying where you get to counter and
knock people back with your field and
hit people with your thwart you hit
people with you Thor to bash them with
your field it's a dick builder game and
boron says my neighbors just knocked on
my door and asked me what the fuck yep
that'll learn ya
a nice lift over beefcake hand of fate
four out of ten not enough dick punching
there there is a shocking lack of dick
punching in this game I will say that
and I agree plenty of thorns and fields
oh so like as you see here you beat the
Jack of dust and you get all of these if
you beat certain things of you if you
achieve certain account encounters you
get these tokens which unlock more cards
and so now you're gonna see rich it
build his deck which is my absolute
favorite part of the game as someone who
plays like board games like physical
tech building games
I love the digital deck building it's
very satisfying getting all over your
little so I'd be I beat thee and beat
the jack yeah we did Jack Oh dust now I
move on to the Jack of skulls yes where
you fight skeletons well build that
Becky okay listen there's the deck no
all build it like organize my car don't
do the recommended equipment no first
night never do never never do the
recommended you you choose your own
encounters I'm gonna charge my own damn
faith that's alright damn it desperate
measures they don't tell you what these
things do until you've used them at
least once which is a little bit
annoying I like I guess it's a little
bit annoying I hate it when games do
that I know you like it because you're
weird oh I like it
oh it means you have to it forces you to
explore options that you might not have
taken you know or it's like oh this this
shield says that if I use it I get to
dick punch a guy twice and I don't think
I'm ever gonna use that but if you're
forced to use it you might discover you
love dick punching guys twice sure you
like dick punching and so if you see
here the bottom the bottom area is the
deck is your hand and then the top area
these are the incomers yeah yeah but the
the bottom area is is the the encounters
that you could possibly get then the top
area is all the cards you have and so
right now which needs 12 cards in his 15
areas to get rid of three encounters no
no something you can see this little
little shiny bit on the bottom of the
card yeah
that's token now when you when you when
you land on a card there's some kind of
light like FTL there's some kind of
event that happens maybe you'll fight
some dudes or maybe you'll have to cross
the river or something though
and if you do the event right you do
well you get the token and then unlocks
more cards sometimes more counters
sometimes more equipment yep
so if you are a fan of collecting
digital things and having to perform
specific tests to collect digital things
this is the thing which is something I
enjoy clearly we need a dick punch icon
I'll see if I can work on that maybe
just a fist and then you could like the
fist to Rich's face dick punch
I don't know cuz I can yeah I'd be hard
to convey in one load
and we probably can't have a penis that
day they might not be probably enhanced
the rules I don't know if J has a strong
reaction to the ending of the order 1886
I couldn't have it cuz I didn't sit
through the game right I think you have
to experience to truly I mean I know
that the you know gunshot cut the black
thing is overused and lame but yeah I
didn't sit through the whole game so I
would have no way to no way to
understand what it felt like
no I've seen people say they weren't
really familiar with gunshot fade to
black or fade to black gunshot really is
this yeah I mean is this something we're
just familiar with because at film
school is it maybe if you didn't go to
film school it doesn't seem like such a
horrible uncreative cliche but if if
you've ever here's what you do I'm sure
at some point your local film school
will have some sort of student film
showcase oh go to that and count how
many gunshots because you know what it
will be more than one yeah they will
either be a gunshot hang to book fade to
black
or a person hanging themselves off
camera so some sort of like someone
kills someone off camera and that's the
end of it and multiple movies will we'll
open with
being woken up by an alarm clock yes as
their eyes open because the alarm is
going off yeah it'll be a close up at an
alarm clock and the alarm clock will go
off that'll be the opening shot of the
movie
thank you mean mr. mustard oh I I know
rich and I really liked the last prereq
as well and I appreciate you saying that
it's a little worried about the length
but I think we got yeah she's got our
feelings across half hour that's that's
a well out of my comfort zone I I make
Thornton videos gotta be on for it it's
got to be under a minute with him with
ten dick joke I'll try out a new shield
I can't see the incoming attacks oh
that's a real I think that's a BJ Total
Recall or the Terminator oh I might go
Total Recall I'll return your rock you
yeah great but no I got to go with
terminate it's not a good sermon either
more interesting story I like the style
more is it is it a more interesting
story I think it's a good solid story
The Terminator I'm saying I love I'm not
saying I hate terminator right I know
these things could twist it what no
people don't do it Total Recall is
Greg's you're never really sure which
story is true you see the secret agent
or is he it's in the memory chair have a
decision sure it's a more complicated
story I guess but I I just like the the
straightforward streamlined nature of
terminator and I just like the style of
it I like the music a lot so it's more
for the technical aspects than anything
else but Total Recall is great too
okay well so someone is asking the more
important question Total Recall or
running
Toriko Total Recall yeah
running man Bose glozell I like I like
the running man to any man I ranked that
below
most of the 80 science fiction action
that's minor schwarzenegger although
there is a great head explosion in it i
still think it has a place it has a very
sure it has my move it has a special
place I'm like it's no Total Recall no
but it has a special place oh yeah or
any man's fine I've been watching in a
really long time dammit I want that
token it's gonna cost me some food but
I'm gonna do it again cuz I'm stupid and
I'm gonna die because I'm doing this oh
that's right yeah this is your no death
run yeah yeah yeah you're gonna fucking
die yes Oh total call remake Total
Recall remake or Robocop remake the
correct answer is neither the correct
answer is name is neither but if I
absolutely had to choose total recall
removed you can see though yeah okay I
don't even see it it's not you know it's
bad but they're both backup
it's better than Robocop terrible I'd
have to see to other than being
pointless and oh sure but I mean it was
watchable it wasn't like just an awful
movie I have no desire to ever watch it
again
now chat you can't call Dredd a judge
dredd remake it has absolutely nothing
to do with that Arnold or the other
Stallone movie yeah it's just another
attempt to add adapt to the comic you
could have like the comic book did not
exist I suppose sure but I thought the
case
no Dredd is just its own movie and it's
great
I still haven't watch I know when oh I
know I know I've been using bits of the
UH the score from that as zip score for
space cop which is great the score from
that movie so awesome
how did you receive the Stallone Judge
Dredd movie no I never
why would I want to you know I saw that
and I saw like the trailer for that I
thought no no this isn't gonna happen
they're not where you can really read
the comics at all I familiar with I to
this day I still haven't read one
because mmm it's not really a thing in
the States
okay it's not like the comic book stores
were littered with Judge Dredd issues
okay so
yes app powers you're right the most
successful remakes and everyone can
agree on this is the thing and the fly
yeah those are the two that everybody
universally liked
I'm trying to think of other remakes Oh
God every movie made in the last six
years okay the eighties blob is a good
remake yeah I actually like it more than
the original the blob I've never seen
the original yeah that's a dime it's but
it's you know I'm a different era
I like the Dawn of the Dead remake avoid
I've avoided the Dawn of the Dead remake
cuz I hate I hate the fast zombies here
and that's yeah if you don't like that
then okay so it's it's a don't bother if
you don't like that I guess so III cuz I
was wondering if I should give it a
chance
yeah no I I think it's worth watching
but if that's I mean that is a big part
of the movie okay okay it's like it does
what a good remake should do which is it
takes the bare bones of the premise and
goes in a completely different direction
with it ah there is a here's the thing
that it need to be a remake er cuz
they've just made it as a zombie movie
they could have just made it a zombie
well no no the mall like you could not
make a zombie movie set in a mall and
have people not say this is a ripoff of
Dawn of the Dead okay okay
you kinda have to call the thought of it
done what if they said it like a
mini-mart well that would be different
Kmart or well yeah that'd be bigger but
like a like a gas station or something
like a smaller location would be like
like Maximum Overdrive
which you can basically you could
basically replace the cars with zombies
sure sure but you gotta keep the ac/dc
music
we got talking about the Dawn of the
Dead remake while I was gone we're just
about remakes in general and now
everyone can agree that the thing and
the fly are excellent remakes and you
know why it's because they're made by
people that wanted to make those movies
it's not a studio saying what else we
got let me make this let's attach this
director to it no the fly was made
because David Cronenberg actually no the
fly was in development before Cronenberg
got involved but he had his own take on
it he have his own style he made his own
movie John Carpenter wanted to do his
own version of the thing and he didn't
so there there there
filmmaker driven studio we've got a
title that we can sell driven sure but
how are they gonna make any money Jay
how are you gonna sell Dolls
gotta sell dolls that's how we make our
money Jay
how are they gonna make the thing LEGO
Minifigures speaking of did you they're
asking if you saw the thing prequels
remake
oh god yeah the quote-unquote prequel
it's just a remake of John Carpenter's
The Thing yeah it sucks
look CD ruins it and what's unfortunate
is they shot it with all practical
effects yeah all practical monsters and
they look great now what the people who
did the practical effects weren't they
taking basically those effects they were
making their own movie what happened
with that oh yeah Lance Henriksen
supposed to be in it or something yeah I
don't know much about it I don't even
know what it's called this is that come
and gone in the theaters or I don't
think it's been made yet I thought I saw
a trailer for it so maybe I just saw
unused practical effects footage though
I I don't know yeah no I don't think
it's been made yet okay I think they
maybe did like a like a Kickstarter or
something for it I don't know much about
it
wonder why they wouldn't have used the
practical effects I mean could they have
been just terrible
no they look great there's footage of it
why would you an you - why would you
reject that because it looked too old
and corny looks good it looks good no
this was a producer's no this is like
like executives coming in and saying you
can't do it like this like ask me more
you have to you know flail around and be
more you know have more action and flail
around unrealistically yeah because we
can do that yeah yeah and the CG in the
movie looks like shit I'm sure that was
exactly the note by the way is we need
more action yeah yeah flail round we
need like this snaky noises well they
flail around - can you do that
and I'm not I'm not against CG at all it
can be used well but like you I mean the
thing the original the thing like not
the originals a John Carpenter the thing
like that is a prime example of the
value of practical effects like those
effects look great and it's partially
because of how they're shot like they're
there in the shadows a lot of the time
like that movie is just like a perfect
example of how to use practical effects
effectively how much CGI is space would
you consider the computer-generated
image I guess I mean we have like laser
bolts and shit but oh she's a lot of
integers - you know the answer is an
appropriate amount an appropriate amount
Oh what about the opening
isn't that gonna be a CGI spectacular no
what are you talking about are you
making things up I'm making this up oh
okay you're trying to quality that
Goblin took your mate
I still got my thorn that mace is good
for skeletons though and I'm going to
fight skeleton sooner or later yeah beat
the shit out of that goblin while it's
down he took my fucking mace I'm gonna
beat the shit outta God when he's done
and I'm not gonna feel bad about it
don't take my shit just watch the thing
you're watched it once this year
you're like technically last year I
always watch the thing on our first like
big snowfall okay it always gets me in
the mood to watch the thing you're under
no obligation to be here you can go home
and watch the thing right now like I
could I could leave right the second and
go home and watch it the thing I mean
good you might want to I always want to
hahaha we always want to be watching
some John Carpenter movie
it's good for my throat yeah sore throat
I do you sound a little rasping I'm a
little raspy yeah starting or ending the
sickness will see my sword zelda right
BLAP BLAP BLAP why would you say blood
but what does it mean
is that a word in English that
czechoslovakian work what is that it's
chicken soup I see you could you could
do a thin commentary track I don't know
that's going to be the next one it might
not be the next one but it could be one
in the future how does one choose kind
of dare drags whatever you feel like
talking about yeah depends I like we did
ghostbusters 2 I think because Harold
Ramis passed it was on our mind and that
happening along with the talk of
ghostbusters 3 or a Ghostbusters reboot
have you heard they're going back to
Boise for ghosts plus there's no going
back to it they're making it in addition
I really you know what a dude goes it's
not a dude Ghostbusters though ok it's
dudes in the Ghostbusters universe
they're making a franchise yeah yeah
yeah I heard that news right around the
same time I heard about the blob prequel
and I was just like this is it I'm done
movies rest in peace movies this is just
the worst
like most uncreated ideas Ghostbusters
is not the fucking it's not the Avengers
like we don't need a whole universe of
Ghostbusters movie
it's a comedy a lot a couple of clubs
like we don't need this everything needs
to be there they're so incompetent they
basically gave spider-man de Merville
because they don't know what the fuck
they're doing girls or not
don't remake ghostbusters yeah this is
not a movie that needs to be remade no
they're not remaking it though rich
they're reimagining cuz that's
completely different why not if if only
say a group of ladies could make an
all-original comedy it would never be
profitable say it's like a group of four
ladies or so made an original comedy
yeah bridesmaids was like a huge hit Oh
shouldn't that be like like a single
like hey we should do more original
things cuz look it turned out well it's
rational thing yeah
people what the masses are dumb but they
want to see new things even if they
don't realize it like people want to see
new stuff it's really true the pros and
here here is the real problem we can't
blame the studios
yes why are you saying we can't people
pay and see these things it's our fault
I'm but what but these movies do okay
these remakes these reboots they do well
they're profitable yeah but what
original things make more money maybe
doesn't matter wants to take the road
it's do you go to sell a bit or do you
go with the risk it's like treading
water though like no even it's
depressing to think about this
Ghostbusters thing is like the most
ridiculous like exploiting what is just
a simple innocent 80s comedy is now has
to be some sort of expanded universe
with multiple films that is the worst
idea yeah no and see here's the thing I
agree with you but you know it's a it's
a chicken and egg kind of situation yeah
we're obviously it had a Genesis but
it's a little murky and it will run its
course the movies as always do yeah we
go through an indie thing we go through
a big blockbuster thing and right now we
are at the tip of the blockbuster phase
yeah well the disappointing thing is
there has been a number of really good
independent movies made but nobody sees
them or they are a small group of people
see him not people who've seen enemy
that movies fantastic there was a lot of
really great independent horror movies
last year it was like one of the best
years for horror in a long time but
these are all little movies that not a
lot of people have seen watch late
phases people an elderly blind war vet
fights werewolf sand it's fucking great
late phases yeah just came out on
blu-ray it's been on VOD for a while now
but he's like this Charles Bronson s
character and he's been moving this
retirement home by his son and his first
night there his neighbor gets attacked
by a werewolf and there's not any like
what attacked her what is he's just like
oh I guess there's werewolves and so he
spends the next month leading up to the
next full moon
just preparing himself to do battle with
werewolves because he knows it's all
he's gonna die soon he's a war vet like
you know and he and this is like his
last you know chance to prove himself or
his last battle hmm and so he fights
these werewolves and it's fucking great
and there's a lot of like a good
character work in it like it actually
has a heart
tear both your eyes out once - is he a
super effective grandpa oh yes yes the
most effective grandpa although
technically he's not a grandpa
this kid doesn't have a kid or whatever
yeah no late phases it's great that
sounds great it's excellent and all
practical werewolves yeah just guys and
big rubber suits
don't make many good werewolf movies do
they know that really late phases is
good American wirel from London is good
okay that's the big one that's the big
one and the wolf man of course but I've
actually never seen your original work
man Halloween is pretty good she'll fuck
the Halloween - your sister is a
werewolf of course of course
see that video came out - eight years
ago they're called the most amazing
werewolf transformation scene ever
yeah so like you know how in the
stereotypical in the American Werewolf
in London werewolf transformation scene
you know it's a lot of just like the guy
clawing at himself and like like
exaggerating before any makeup effects
come on right and so this guy just it's
like three solid minutes of just the guy
clawing at himself but nothing actually
trance and he's like and he goes through
like he goes on all fours and it's like
Oh like looking at his hands
dramatically but old Wolfman - your
daughter is a wolf man nice one like
lion brandy
oh my god you're so right adventures in
babysitting babysitting needs a
cinematic universe Marvel marvel but cuz
Thor Thor played a big part in
adventures in babysitting so that's true
it was available that movie in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe dun dun dun
dun
could you imagine don't but don't ever
mention that again because someone will
hear that I'm surprised that movie
hasn't been remade actually there wasn't
exactly a huge hit really I watched a
lot it was on cable all the time when I
was growing up yeah that's that's a
movie that's due for a remake it for no
other reason than maybe to eliminate
some of the racism have you watched that
movie recently I said a couple years ago
it's really it's a little it's a little
sketchy was it a little too suburban yes
yes it's like the worst aspects of the
John Hughes movies just like bumped up a
lot what's that John Hughes did he write
that or something no Chris Columbus
wrote it cuz it felt like it wanted to
be a a John yeah yeah it kind of has
that feeling a bit but no you didn't
have any involvement that's right yeah
Vincent did not for Vincent D'Onofrio
plays the story yeah thin buff the Thor
before you know he doesn't quite look
like that anymore
I mean adventures in babysitting was
remade as a TV movie for a Disney
Channel watch of course that I'm
familiar with well you know it's we
don't often watch the Disney chairman
that out there is he the kingpin is
Indiana a free other kingpin of the yeah
he'd be a great Ono someone just listed
a long list of remakes are these real
are you making jokes can never know for
sure you yeah at this point everything
seems possible flight of a navigator I
remember that movie you know like that
is a Kidman death wish
escape from New York starship how can
you remake Starship Troopers I don't
believe this
stupidly no one and no one would remake
drop dead Fred no yeah that wasn't a hit
no one cares about that movie I do
to be fair Starship Troopers is kind of
a famous book and the movie is not a
representation of the book at all yes so
you do another adaptation to the book
sure enclose that Cemetery but they're
just gonna make its lock anyway that's
still not anywhere close to the book
right so moot point
Oh DNR who is playing the kingpin in the
Netflix daredevil show ID I mean I like
that I like Vincent even Raphael I don't
know how to pronounce this last name
Donofrio did offer you just D'Onofrio
he's a DNR 3 oh no it's D'Onofrio okay I
enjoy him as an actor
so that makes me more excited about the
Netflix original daredevil is that dog
what does that start I don't they they
keep talking about it so I can only
assume it's getting closer oh yeah
someone just mentioned that Tim Burton
is doing a live action
Dumbo did you hear about this I could
see the whole movie in my head whenever
I hear Tim Burton's making this like I
can see the whole movie yep in my head
yep I missed him Burton he's been
replaced by Tim Bertrand virtually all
these bad movies that have his name on
it that's actually Tim Bertram that's
incredibly accurate
is that the robot that's designed to
make timber movies that the timber Tron
that's why they're so predictable like a
castle yeah he's got a castle and he's
just having fun tinkering that robot was
the best idea I ever had all this money
keeps coming in but I don't have to do
anything
Thank You old wizard old robot making
true oh there's no word there's nothing
interesting about grandiose with my
voices and Johnny Depp as the pink
elephant no Johnny Depp I'm sure in the
remake though well there will be a
kindly circus master yeah they'll have
to work in a human character that's one
of the main characters yes because you
can't have your main character be an
elephant no cuz that wouldn't be a
classic at all yeah you have to have a
human human and push Dumbo to the side a
little bit and and not all the humans
will be horrible jerks anymore there'll
be one kindly one that's fighting
against all the other jerks maybe
there's one kind one who wants to treat
all the animals with respect yeah sure
and so he works with Dumbo and that'll
be Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter
will play devil's mama yes you know what
I would like to see is a remake a
live-action remake of just the scene in
Pinocchio and all the kids turn into
donkeys like that would be terrifying
that would be terrified scene though
someone go down but don't remake the
whole movie because there was already a
live-action
Pinocchio it was uh what's-his-face
creepy is help Oh Roberto Benigni I
remember when you were
no they'll have to get rid of the
exceedingly racist crows and the
exceedingly racist everything else Dumbo
oh my god like starting from the opening
song I want to say like the opening song
drop some harsh words what is the
opening song it's not long since it's
like all of the black men pitching the
tents and okay yeah we're gold day like
a good band does it's it's it's all well
yes and Danny Elfman will do the music
we all know exactly what this movie's
gonna be so here's the thing don't see
it yes don't do it we know it don't tell
them what to do I'm telling them what to
do tell these people he's fine our fine
viewers what they can and can't do you
should know better we should know better
use your past experiences to make future
choices judge a book by its cover
I'm telling you it's okay that's what
humans do that's how we've survived for
this long we didn't say I don't know I
don't know Gork over there ate those
berries and died but I'm not gonna judge
a book by it's cover I'm gonna keep
those berries to know we saw the people
die when we need to berries that's how
we live
try remaking song of the self you know
person in the chat who said that now is
I can't even say that whatever whoever I
was you ever see the Saturday Night Live
like lost version the the original
version of song the South is evil no I
can't even I can't even sing the lyrics
I think it's when they started doing the
Saturday like morning funhouse okay so
like late yeah these early 2000s Beca
yeah I never saw one I want to see any
song song of the south the song the song
goes like this wide so much cleaner
that's what I say
Negroes are inferior
never really remember this that was okay
I think I remember this yeah that's a
good question I wonder how fun I'm sure
Blazing Saddles is still incredibly
funny Oh Blazing Saddles is it's it's
always funny yeah I think there's a
difference someone was something like
that and seen it since they're like
twelve or so and they remember it being
hilarious yeah you'll probably
appreciate it on a much deeper level
there's a lot going on yeah
besides fart humor and there's great
farkula there is farty evert that's a
movie they will never remake plays and
saddles no one would make a movie like
that now or if they do it would be like
horribly tame and boring it'll be hard
loot and boring and it won't be about a
black sheriff
it'll be starring George Lopez they'll
go for a different angle they'll go for
a different look I'm not racism in the
Old West
now and it'll be it'll be about like a
Mexican immigrant we're not George Lopez
he's too old
who's the new like hot young comedian I
don't know we can go spin Searcy - oh
he's he's ancient
there's a new one like a large comedian
he has a kind of a central show and to
fall down a lot it'll be it'll be
Blazing Saddles meets ma Blart directed
by Seth MacFarlane yep yep maybe Ted too
will flop and then he'll be done pops in
a row and then it'll be done they'll go
back to Family Guy he won't make movies
anymore who Kevin Hart you're right
it'll be Kevin art and the Blazing
Saddles remake hey he's so hot right now
I I liked Ted I thought Ted was a really
like classically written comedy but I
didn't think I didn't laugh once I
laughed
yeah yeah I dug it yeah I thought like I
understood like the structure of it was
great like I thought as far as a comedy
script goes it was a well-written you
know had a well-written structure to it
I just didn't think anything and it was
funny that's fair I think I think you
know it with his style of humor you're
either on board or you're not yeah and
and that's fair did you see a million
ways to die in the West god no I do such
a thing
I don't know you like ten you like his
sense of humor I do I you know what I
don't like I don't like looking at his
face that's yes that's the the worst
thing about that movie is like you can
see the ego I'm like now I'm going to be
the lead in this movie yes he and I I
don't know if it's purposeful or just
that's how his face is but he has small
good yes he has a punchable face it and
and so it's like I as soon as I knew he
was starting that live action I checked
out yeah when do we get to the pulp
fiction remake Oh Tuesday next yeah
tomorrow I thought Ted was funny I think
I enjoyed it but more so like what Jay
was saying like the structure is classic
by-the-numbers comedy yeah and not in a
bad way I don't mean I'm not like a like
it's a cliche thing like it was what a
comedy script should be yeah from the
structure standpoint no I thought it was
good I liked Ted's humor I liked the
overall premise you know the boy wishes
for it to wane the overall thing and it
by the way it's the only thing I've ever
seen
where I've enjoyed Emilia penis mmm yeah
I don't much enjoy her mmm but in that
movie it was like oh she is a decent
actor and did you see Black Swan
I did see like fun laughs yeah she
doesn't not a huge part blanks one but
approving per eye I think I've talked
about Disney Black Swan is perfect
good yeah the cinematography light sorry
because I know you guys are gonna
fucking bring this up again because any
time I call anything imperfect
cinematography wise Black Swan is a
perfect there there are very few movies
that I would say are perfect movies all
around alright in every aspect Fargo is
one of them Fargo is at a perfect mood
in every aspect yeah the way that the
cameras perspective changes for the
different characters and situations at
Black Swan is something that needs to be
noted and studied it's beautiful
any time any time that Natalie Portman
is out in the world the cameras very
rigid and structured very smooth moving
anytime she's alone it's very and
housing shape eats on time
it's a beautiful movie it's a perfect
way to adapt the story by retelling the
story is story within a story it's it's
a no I dig the fuck out of yeah that's
so that's one of those things right
saying like that's a perfect movie for
what you know for like it's like an 80s
time-travel comedy but I mean it's not a
perfect movie
what is imperfect the time-travel stuff
the morals of it are a little weird I
know Crispin Glover has actually talked
about this so it's like you know he
punches the bully at the end and then
when he goes back to the future his
characters like a yuppie that's made a
ton of money it's like that means
success in the eighties yeah the morals
are a little weird it's like you know
why it can't be a perfect movie because
it's light
God there are movies like that - like
Back to the Future that I grew up with
they've been a part of my life for as
long as I can remember we're like even
if they're flawed like I can't even see
sure it transcends just wait huh
thinking wait I want to take her out
thing in the background I just hit a
button every now and then to block it
yeah but then she's the one that she's
the one that's taking me out and if he's
so successful from that from his writing
like why do they still live in that
house when they have a nicer house at
the end of back of the future because if
they did that then Marty McFly would
have like walk to the wrong house for
simplicity
yeah the movie can't be Marty McFly
wandering around town where do I live
what am I done
the reason sorry to break up this talk
with game talk but the reason you have
that combo counter in the lower
left-hand corner is he built combos you
do get stronger attacks and there are
certain items that use the combos to
your favor so for example you know
there's a there's a ring that you can
wear where if you get a 10 Street combo
yeah it drops 10 coins existed so there
are different things that utilize the
combo system but in general the larger
your combo be stronger your attackers
towbar Prime thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we do
you did do that on an active future -
that's funny yeah there's that there's a
whole lot wrong with that like like the
mom growing up and suddenly her son
turns into the guys that she met it's
fine
anytime you do anything with time travel
there's going to be problems logically
well you watch your child grow up
suddenly at what point would you make
the realization when he's what he's 12 I
think I think that's the kind of thing
my argument is that what happens so
slowly you wouldn't notice hmm
okay you might notice like years later
if you saw a picture of the guy you met
in the past yeah hey he looked kind of
like my son but because of the gradual
growing up Marty McFly I think it would
have been unnoticeable okay I will
accept it sure I've thought of that one
l Swanton cake wants to know when we
thank a subscriber rich how do we make
that shit sound convincing every time we
don't I was trying to get a little real
it's because we actually really do
appreciate it every single time we've
said this many times your your donations
your subscriptions mean we get to keep
doing this dream that's that is true
that is true so we actually appreciate
it which is why it sounds convincing so
I'll stop with the schmaltzy stuff was
talk to us talk about like paint or
something let's talk about why didn't
Marty McFly just fuck his mother I mean
she was hot she was so the fact that
that was even like that is so bizarre to
me that in a family-friendly eighties
comedy that that is such an important
part of the movie you know you don't
want weird because one of the producers
thought he was making Porky's cuz
parties was big I'm not laws my mind my
guess is my my theory that wasn't
watching raunchy comedy era
Porky's is like a raunchy sex comedy but
yes incorporating incest is such a weird
thing
it's I do I do believe it's producers
notes where they wanted to make sure
that they had some sort of sex symbol
for the teenagers who were seeing the
movie and I think this was just the
brainchild of Robert Zemeckis and Bob
Gale was just the route they went maybe
but yes Lea Thompson that era then
Howard the Duck terrible movie but
you kidding I watched like eight seasons
of Oh Caroline Caroline of this show
just just to look at her Oh what was the
promise that sure she was like a
cartoonist right she's like I'd like
like a newspaper crime in the city oh
she was a newspaper cartoonist Mike yeah
yeah okay and Chad wacky friends or
whatever yeah I think calm things
happened on the show I really did watch
that you I think I saw it a couple times
just for her and I remember almost
nothing about yeah back to the future
she wanted to fuck her son yeah Howard
the dock she wanted to fuck a duck yeah
meet Thompson the eighties good for her
weird choices doing it she found her
niche wanting to fuck weird things there
has to be there has to be three for it
to be a pattern
I'm sure shed what other word fix yeah
oh by the way that's another thing hey
Biff I know you tried to rape my wife
but why don't you come and work for me
come on the house all the time yeah
right right yeah it's listen it's the
80s it was a different era too light
it's a lady from a screen play
perspective they needed to show that
that Biff got his just desserts yeah
yeah oh yeah that works it's fine
Oh apparently she fucked Tom Cruise oh
yeah was that movie some movie with Tom
Cruise that's funny I get it
well we'll accept that
she's not in John she's not in a
short-circuit
no that's Ally Sheedy that's a different
family she doesn't want to fuck the
robot anymore no they're just friends
she wants to to fuck Steve Guttenberg
for some reason which is maybe weirder
Steve Guttenberg was the thing man
it was great it was the thing because
Mina's academe made more money than
people thought it would yeah he was
unconventionally handsome maybe it was
because of this guy Chris Pratt is our
generation Steve Guttenberg chris
pratt's
conventionally handsome Chris Pratt is
this generation Steve Guttenberg Steve
Guttenberg is our generation Steve
Guttenberg what are you saying funny I
said I said Chris Pratt was our
generation Steve Guttenberg but then I
realized that Steve Guttenberg was our
generation Steve Guttenberg Chris Pratt
is this generation Steve I don't know
what you're talking about you don't
think I don't know I don't know what you
mean
dick the altar boy thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I'm saying that you know comedic actor
took on larger blockbuster roles this
generation Steve I thought we're talking
about a pier with physical appearances
are we not um I think both both are
attractive but like they're not like
there's a difference between Chris Pratt
and Chris Hemsworth sure yeah where I
would say like a Chris Hemsworth or even
a Chris Evans a lot of Chris's or a
Chris Pine those are mollys all these
attractive quizes women like charming
funny guys yeah yeah but but like not
like not like I see on the reason I have
a fiance like what do you call like not
like Adonis's sure like Chris Hemsworth
okay I got talking about handsome ass it
keeps a veneer I'm sorry
Gutenberg never got ripped for a role
but it was a different time that was a
different time
rich is a modern Adonis you're right
let's straight men please stop trying to
rank handsome guys I'm just like okay I
am NOT involved with this in any way
shape or form literally it's just me and
so by the way if you are attracted to
men you should not trust my opinion
that's true on how I rank how
good-looking men are so heads up
Steve forth that's true Guttenberg is
ripped now he was on an episode of Party
Down
yeah really mm-hmm he's ripped he's a
muscular dude good for it and played
himself on that show is the funny
episode that's a good show if you
haven't seen it I've heard good things
yeah I don't know what it is about seth
macfarlane someone's bringing up Seth
MacFarlane's punchable face again it's
just you know in general yeah I've got
the ice sword nice and really like
generally the characters that he is
trying to play are usually schlubs and
he just does not look or act like a slut
yeah yeah that's the problem is a
million base a million ways to die in
the West is he's playing what it should
be like the Woody Allen role yeah cuz we
Yelland did that type of role like have
you ever seen love and death but it's
like he's in a different time period but
he's still Woody Allen and that makes it
funny sure so he's trying to do that but
he's just so smug and like it feels like
video and he's just feels like he's
above the material and it doesn't work
you need like a schlubby but didn't he
write the material he did he doesn't
understand his own like his own weakness
like where you know he can do a voice of
Peter Griffin but Peter Griffin is a fat
schlubby dude it's like he can get away
with that kind of humor but you know
suck me from not a bad-looking dude yes
there's a handsome man and I'm sure that
he knows that he's handsome yeah yeah
and so yeah he so he doesn't work for
that type of role right it's like cuz in
that movie he's acting like just a
modern guy and that's supposed to be the
juxtaposition and that's what works so
well for Woody Allen and something like
love and death because Woody Allen is
awkward it is a weird-looking guy yeah
and it works yep I go much like Matt
Stone and Trey Parker in bass ketball
or any of their other movies someone
else saying what do we think of them
they're you know what there's schlubby
guys they can get away with that style
of humor yes yes
I hate those fucking up get the model
get them out of your deck
I can't there what Oh their life you
have to meet the king dust before you
job because that's because John Travolta
is not handsome right now thanks calling
every guy handsome tonight now John
Travolta's turn into a freak yep so
that's why I'm not calling him handsome
got my shield get rid of my shield you
turn I do not want