Episode 229
Hand of Fate for WHAT!?! (Part 2)
April 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-RpWLkmC78
___________________________________________

so that's why I'm not calling him
handsome got my shield get rid of my
shield you turn I do not want to make
out a set in the fire McFarlane cuz I
think he's a jerk you shouldn't make out
with guys you think are jerks this is
something your parents should have told
you doesn't stop lots of people right
everybody makes that was yours it's true
stop making out with jerks every day get
back here sorry Richard goblins no I
kept get God 1 and Goblin took my money
god damn it I don't know if Travolta was
ever handsome I you know what he was 70s
handsome it was a different time people
that different standard it was a weird
time you've ever seen Saturday Night
Fever oh yeah that's a great movie
oh it took me a long time to see it cuz
I thought it was gonna be like some
corny you know disco thing but it's
really dark like gritty 70s movie it is
it's no it's it's a really good movie
but even in that like he has like he's
not a big fat slob like he is right now
but you know it's not handsome he's
seventies handsome so that was in the
70s that's what they considered handsome
wait someone's asking a really off topic
question about the game so what is
asking are the cards that you unlock the
same with each new game or the cards
that you unlock random the cards you'll
see this in a second when rich gets back
to the table so the cards you unlock
have to do with specific events and so
they they're slightly randomized but
then they they are 100% randomized how
they're laid out on the table if rich
doesn't die here Oh
so their placement is random and there
are some cards where you need to hit
card a before you hit card B to unlock a
token to unlock more cards left you
wasted your ice board that's okay it
slows people down when you hit them oh
yeah yeah oh that's great
that's what the description says at
least I believe it that's why I like the
ice armor cuz it just has like a general
effect like an area effect yeah well the
combo of the ice armor the ice sword and
like the speed helmet yeah pretty nice
oh yeah oh oh you're right with all this
game talk what does that have to do with
rock-hard ABS what does that have to do
with attractive men right so as you see
here you know you start at one end of
the table and then the cards are
randomly laid out and you don't know
what cards they're gonna be they're
they're all cards from that encounter
deck that you saw earlier where rich
kind of gets to choose which cards are
in that deck but then they're randomly
laid here we'll explain it after I beat
the the jack friends yeah you'll see
more tokens that's great so yeah rich
doesn't know what any of these cards
will be except for that they were in his
I know they're in the deck but the deck
is all shuffled up so right and so when
you're building your deck the important
thing is to you know get out cards that
you've already received the token from
get out cards that you just dislike if
you can yeah
and putting cards that you know you can
gain nice items from yes cuz that's what
it's all about
tell me jam and earl yeah I saw that
they were trying to like kick-start a
remake of toe jam and earl i never hated
turn a toe jam and earl yeah yeah not
fan yeah yeah you know what i just never
I never played it so I I have no strong
feelings one way or another on toe jam
and earl maybe we should maybe we should
play that to see what all the howls
about on the street I'll consider it hey
now gay for Jay right now just like two
one to keep it they say that this game
ones take machine one they say that this
game is roguelike I not really don't
really think vaguely vaguely vaguely if
you're expecting something that plays
out like Binding of Isaac FTL not not
really yeah whoever voices the dealer is
great I agree yes there there is an
endless mode but like the name suggests
it has no end so you know it's just see
how far you can get there's no end goal
there's no success right
it's just beating your high-score and
then there's this node which is not
roguelike because you have basically
save States once you beat a card you
don't have to replay the card so I'm
gonna I'm gonna say this is not even
roguelike there's a randomized element
and there's a difficulty element but
there's no there's no it doesn't have
the same things
no no this is nothing like planning
Isaac I suppose there are some
similarities where you get randomized
room layouts and randomized equipment
but in Binding of Isaac there is always
an end goal the random encounters always
push you towards the same end goal this
I mean there's kind of like a segmented
end goal yes
but it'd be like a lot of little very
short games yeah rather than rather than
like an FTL or everything you gather
carries through for all eight sectors or
whatever it is sure is the final boss
with all the items you've been gathering
since the very start of the game yeah
yeah so it's like rogue ish we'll call
it nice Jack why is it a controversy
with how females are portrayed in games
but no problem when they are overly when
they when they're are overly attract I'm
gonna only assume you meant to say
attractive male characters in a game
I've seen this covered in a couple ways
the best explanation I can give is
generally when it's an overly attractive
male it's a lot like the guys I've been
talking about tonight which is guys that
I want to be not necessarily what women
are attracted to and you know what that
argument might hold more water - if the
males were typically worrying like
skimpy bikini briefs sure but but also
like you know generally speaking that
you know like the Adonis like we've been
talking about is not necessarily what
women want to see in-game that's what
that's the male power fantasy and so
there's usually the subservient female
fantasy and then the male power fantasy
so I think that's the issue also
generally the male characters aren't
overly sexualized like the female
characters I don't know but I don't know
I'll I do like it when games give me a
choice of who I can be in a game I enjoy
character customization
yeah everyone does I think everyone does
unless you're playing like a Batman game
but you know what what if I want a bit
different bad outfit what if you have a
lady Batman what if you want to be lady
Batman
I think that would be your name lady bat
I think it's bat lady there's two
options there's both a bad girl and a
bad woman aren't they doing a new
Supergirl show they are doing a super
new Supergirl show for CBS and you know
what her outfit is exact Superman outfit
CBS is like like the grandpa Network ya
know and her outfit looks terrible and
oh yeah it's it's the bland
drab colors of Snyder's Superman now
look like the little scaly things like
yeah this yeah you know it's it's it's
gonna be what it is wait there's a bat
girl and a bat woman yes who's that
woman Batgirl right right now right now
it's the lesbian that I do like a
red-haired lesbian why is there a
Batgirl and in his power cord it was
that girl
well Batgirl oh right ro oh I didn't
make these characters
wait no where did you come from though
what's her Baxter I don't know I haven't
been reading comic books in many years I
know it's like an updated version of a
classic Batman character like from the
50s 40s okay sure
there was mild controversy over the fact
that she liked other girls actually
there I think that we're gonna have her
get married and that was controversial
for sure back in the day absolutely
what was this back in the day or is this
a recent this is recent
I'm not they wouldn't touch that back on
the day I was gonna say no I'm not a
comic book fan poser I I think I've made
it very clear that I'm a Marvel fan boy
always and only read Marvel Comics Cathy
Kane is bad yep that's her name but yeah
but Chad or dick neutral who is she like
what's their deal what's your backstory
like but our origin
what's your secret origin Barbara Gordon
is the commissioners daughter who wants
to help
I'm sure you agree
come on I'm waiting I'm waiting for
someone answer my question
nobody knows nobody knows nobody knows
I'm not gonna get one fucking well she's
getting a one fucking token unlock this
Robin she was written but she was bitten
by a radioactive bet she bitten by a
radioactive lesbian dressed like a bat
no one no one can answer who bat woman
nobody knows nobody reads this stuff
nobody oh that's a funny question I'll
ask that rich and J who is your favorite
Batman Jack who's the most handsome whoa
so live-action obviously we're talking
my favorite Bruce Wayne is
what's-his-face Kevin Conroy end of
story whatever I'm not overly thrilled
with any of them but the best my
favorite Bruce my name is Christian Bale
just Bruce Wayne definitely not my
favorite Batman cuz I hate the Batman
voice right the Batman's the important
part though my favorite Batman is
Michael Keaton only because my other
choices are Val Kilmer George Clooney
and Christianize essentially yeah yeah
process of elimination he's my favorite
spoke did this dream
no still working over here most handsome
might I mean if we're including all of
them I think I'm more of a Clooney he
was a terrible bad he was I mean he was
just awful he looked like he couldn't
have given a shit about being a man he
was the worst he didn't have the chin
for it face for it um Michael I'm gonna
go with Michael Keaton as my favorite
Bruce Wayne okay he's a good Bruce Wayne
and I think you like he played it you
know correctly where he was his
eccentricities shone yeah yeah he's a
fine Bruce Wayne I believed him as a man
who would dress up as a bad
and of course Clooney was a good Bruce
Wayne because only its play was this mug
million because he sure is close yes he
was playing George Clooney dressed up as
Batman for the Halloween party
yes yeah I've heard someone describing
that was there's apparently a
documentary that just came out about
Adam West's like just about him his life
90 is 90% of it about Batman I'm
assuming a big chunk of it has to be you
know what I would love to see a
documentary about Star Trek face to face
you know I can't talk to people about
Star Trek no because I'm very sorry
right but in between the cancellation of
the original series and the making of
the motion picture like before they made
the motion picture they're talking about
reviving Star Trek on TV with the
original cast in the 70s hmm it was
gonna be called Star Trek phase 2 okay
there's like there's all kinds of facts
out there about this but I would love to
see just a documentary about all this
that grows there Nimoy wasn't gonna come
back so they're trying to cast a
different Vulcan to be the science
officer oh sure sure yeah documentaries
about failed projects are usually
interesting uh-huh see Star Trek series
that never was and I'm kind of glad
because you probably wouldn't have
gotten next-gen if they made that sure
held the series flopped it might have
been the end of trick
apparently the motion picture started
life as the phase 2 square someone's
rich someone's saying there's a
documentary on the Star Trek the motion
picture DVD about my phase 2 like a full
documentary I doubt it's a feature but a
feature and something on there it's like
a short 10 minute thing so that's better
than nothing
also there's a book about it oh there
you go I would like this book I would
have posted a link to the book yes both
yes yes I got it
not a good bad documentary a good
documentary about bad thing about failed
thing yes someone's making a documentary
about the Tim Burton's Superman movie
that never happens grades there's of
course chattarowski is dune yep there's
just a movie made I just watched it
recently it's about you know the island
of dr. Moreau movie my own brand oh no
there's a documentary about the original
director that was attached to that
because it was like a passion project it
is sure and you've been pitching their
own it's gotten even Richard Stanley and
he finally got a deal to make up a new
line and they fired him after like the
first few days of filmmaking because he
just wasn't you know it was such a huge
movie and he'd made these a little bunch
of things so they fired him and so it's
about that and like what a mess the
production was Jared rotten director for
hire and Marlon Brando is a crazy person
the best part though is that the
original director this passion project
of his once he got fired because they
were shooting it and did we crash them -
oh no some other country and once the
director is fired instead of like flying
back home he just started like living in
the jungle like right near where they
were filming land and one day a couple
of the people that we're still working
on the production like just happened to
run into him like
by a river he's like bathing in the
river or whatever and he's like so
what's going on with the movie like
what's happening with it like do you
want to come to the set so they snuck
him onto the set anymore he was an extra
or cuz it's all like monsters and stuff
so yeah it's war one of the monster
costumes and just hung out on the set
and watch them film
that's insane yeah who is this this is
the original director of the island oh
oh he wanted on the set of the movie he
got fired from yeah when the duck
hunters called uh it's called lost souls
I think let me double check I just watch
it I feel like I should know I want to
say it's called lost souls yes speaking
of documentaries and failed things how
not to make a movie it's really fun I'm
the gorilla interupted DVD sure I am I'm
a horrible show what lost sold the
doomed journey of Richard Stanley
Stanley's island of dr. Moreau it's on
iTunes it's probably on Amazon sure sure
yeah it's worth checking out the
unfortunate thing is that the most
interesting stuff is what happens after
he was fired from the movie the stuff
that doesn't focus on Richard Stanley at
all yeah yeah it's worth checking out oh
yes plasma-wave American movie if you
guys have not seen me guys oh yeah
American movie of course American movie
it's fantastic made right here in
Milwaukee I went to the premiere of it
it was like right when I moved to
Milwaukee oh nice nice fantastic
documentary about a crazy person trying
to make if you ever need to feel
motivated most people are trying to make
a movie are crazy you have to be a
little crazy to want to make a movie you
know you might be a little more okay if
you ever need a look like a little push
in your creative life all you have to
remember is that this man made a movie
so why haven't you oh shit oh my god
rich you got pay attention you can't
just rush through this
remember for spike traps you can just
run over them you don't have to roll the
arrows Kovan because it's not coven
because that sounds like because it
smells like love it told me so Jesus
Christ Jesus tell you know we didn't
post rate to choose high school picture
yeah we do we do need to put oh yeah we
will now someone's mentioning Hertz of
darkness that's a famous one something
like a text or something before I leave
for studio tomorrow I'll grab it okay
what's hearts of darkness
that's the making of Apocalypse Now oh
yeah that's a pretty famous one it's
that's great mm-hmm that's really good
also showing Marlon Brando being a crazy
person stuff about that Marlon Brando
and him being a crazy person
talk about chappie haven't seen it I
could talk about short-circuit I already
talked about champion J made a whole
video about you a video about it yeah
cheffy you can go see it now
I read letter video deca it's nice you
have in the baggage testifies - oh I'm a
huge horrible chill
rich and I will not play the last of us
I just want to let you guys know this
the order has been dead set against
playing anything that describes itself
it's like being the cinematic experience
for all time it's it's not gonna happen
anytime soon
possibly not ever if that if I I know
what Naughty Dog does I have the the
Uncharted games are nothing they're
effervescent and if that's what they
want to make it's just it's just not
gonna happen
shit it's just not gonna have them very
very sorry
if we admit perhaps if we ever do a
charity livestream about that that'll be
our torture cuz I know you guys like to
torture us well charity livestream the
last of us and we'll bitch about it I'm
not going to say them I'm not gonna go
that far to prejudge the game but if it
has lots of sections that are like you
don't have much control over where your
character does your best just holding
forward so you walk to the next story
point and then you get from the next to
a point and then the game stops and
tells you you need to hit the triangle
button yeah I'm going to hate it yeah
and someone was someone was tweeting at
said previously recorded today wondering
like if there was if there is an example
of any like game that has a story focus
that I enjoy and it's none that I know
of but I I do welcome these kinds of
examples of a more story heavy
experience that maybe doesn't suck like
the order does something that you know
I've played games with stories I like
but I think the whole concept of the
cinematic experience is fundamentally
flawed I think Roger Ebert was right the
art but that's a good way wait wait you
have to filter it through Robert E
bird's perception of art the man spent
40 years as a film critic when he's
talking about art he's he's really
talking about filmic and he's saying
that games can't be film and I think
that the order which just tried to make
a film is proof of why that can't be
yeah I think I think you're wrong
because because Roger Ebert also like
enjoyed looking at paintings he was not
talking about just only the only artist
film he was being an old man Bobby when
he says games can't be art he's I think
he's he's looking at it like them and
thinking of film and I understand I've
been read enough about his thoughts on
it to really know I've heard it I know
that that was his stance but I haven't
read anything about like explanations as
to why so I if I remember right I'm
trying to remember what he said because
you have control over what you do in a
game and the art which you know
filmmaking it's all about
controlling the experience before the
viewer yeah which the order actually
does and it's it's horrible and
penetrating you don't feel like you're
doing anything right so I think Roger
Ebert as far as how we meant that what
he said games can't be our I think he
was right if we are to assume that you
are interpreting his words correctly I I
mean I agree
games games are not filmed different
medium and should be respected as such
but I mean I you think that he was just
a you know yeah play games and I would
consider them article right they are
they are not filming it's quite possible
that Ebert was saying that games can
never be film which is just which is
true I don't think that's what he was
saying though but I don't know enough
about it so I I'm sure Brian Ebert has
played many games right
oh hello Drago I think you've asked us a
couple times I don't know I don't listen
to that band because I don't know who
they are
yep there you go there's your answer I
don't know who that is
know the favorite customer games will
not surpass films games have already
surpassed those gaming well surpass in
what regard I'm about to get to that
okay yeah I'm assuming you mean like
money-wise well I mean money-wise I mean
consumption wise sure gaming is the
largest entertainment form Bar None
right now sure more people play games
more people buy games more money as made
in games and almost everything except
for sport if we were to look at sport in
general yeah it's they're still mariah's
being spent there but games make more
money and I played more of the movies TV
shows everything gaming is already there
we don't need to worry about being
respected for our niche like anymore
because everyone plays games now well
and also why does it have to be a
competition right it does mind you why
do games have to surpass movies as far
as anything goes it's a different medium
it's just a thing it is it's a different
medium and we should treat it as such we
shouldn't we shouldn't try to make games
more filmic just like we shouldn't try
to make movies more like books that is
not a quote for me I'm trying to
remember who said I think Yatz said that
okay
it'd be like trying to make a movie more
like a book
games our sports herp derp right these
sports are becoming very popular nowhere
near her real sports physical sports but
but eSports do exist and they draw their
drawing views of drawing crowds fuck
they talked about the League of Legends
final tournament on ESPN forgots the
area's being 2 or something
right wall of words the movie could you
imagine if you're watching a movie but
they animated the page place where it
felt like you were really reading a book
well it's kind of what ebooks are is it
yeah they're combination of books and
video games cuz you're in control you
can turn the page I kind of like this is
amazing you are 4l Ronco thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
we for the past five months thank you if
car racing is sport than video gaming is
eSport it's true it's true sports are
weird things to define oh I'd finally be
devil's carnival I was really excited
it took me eighty many times
is that true virtual reality books were
also an SNL sketch starring Michael
McKean I could see that like him wearing
virtual reality goggles and be like it's
like I'm reading an action could
watching bad movies be considered a
sports if I mean it's not sport it's a
challenge if there's but it so if there
was if there was some sort of
competitive element to it it could be
right because that's what it takes to be
a sport I have no endurance considered a
competitive is what endurance that would
have to be it willing to you know make
it all the way through Questor fest
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it no oh no the game as the
game progressed the dealer is getting
more agitated by you he he pokes and
prods at you as you progress in the game
he's a lovely character congratulations
to whoever does his voice work
that's right Texas Hold'em is televised
right now they televised poker for God's
sakes they could televise eSports
parappa the kappa wants to know if we
ever think games will become better at
being cinematic experiences they
shouldn't be
they shouldn't try Julia you shouldn't
try - did you not hear us just like five
minutes ago
movies are their own thing movies have
their own structure their own form
games have their own form and even with
things like virtual reality and greater
immersion all the hoobat eboo that valve
is talking and everyone is talking now
it won't matter cuz you still in a game
you it's still your choice you're in
control instead of being a passive
observer like you are while watching a
movie a game should have you making
choices I don't think I don't I don't
want to think that that's a
controversial statement but I know it is
so they're trying to make virtual
reality a thing again it's when I was a
kid a lawnmower man yeah it's coming
back hardcore why I don't know has it
gotten better it has to have yeah in
other words with with the success of the
oculus rift Kickstarter which is you
know virtual reality head gear that you
can wear now and play games in and look
right now there is a competing market
firm virtual reality head gears and
people want to do like head tracking and
what men you know make it a whole big
thing and incorporate it with your
character camera
so the things you see and experience
they're just happening all the way I
don't I just I don't see it happening
look this means to me is that there's
gonna be more shitty movies about
virtual reality yep yep that's what's
remembered more than the attempt at
actually doing virtual reality was the
movies that came out trying to
capitalize on it yep
I don't think it's gonna happen because
I'm a person that wears glasses all the
time and I hate that I hate it slightly
less than poking glass into my eyeball
one today so that's but until they
figure out a workaround with the fatigue
that will come up with a strapping a
thing to your face and it will like I
don't care how old you know like even if
it's just a couple tunnels like even if
it's a pound it's something strapped to
your face that is going to hinder you
sure as a gamer I I think they should
keep trying why not cuz why not see what
happens I don't I don't think it's gonna
work but hey prove me wrong
I the jack of France
right just like boyhood 3d high frame
rates good remember high frame rate
right remember when that was the big
thing
no and but you know what I applaud them
for trying they failed
failure is always about that's true miss
Cheerilee you gotta try new stuff cuz
that's that you never know what's gonna
work you don't want to be the old
fuddy-duddy who says like oh my day
thing better try new shit yeah
always try new shit instead of just
remaking the whole shit oh good night
Jeffy so I give them my full applaud for
trying virtual reality but I don't think
it's gonna work virtual reality will
only work if you don't have to strap
something to your face right cuz if you
look at how to be the breakthrough
they'll get to that point they know how
they won't have to do that yeah like 3d
holodeck basically a holodeck if a
holodeck I think would be great but like
3d sucks yes
3d super sucks part of the reason is ya
put something on your face part of the
reason is because it's paper cutouts
bond with Nintendo's 3ds its glasses
lists 3d okay and they've been able to
do some interesting things with it the
3d still has not taken off but at least
it's not offensive okay
3d is just not working she wants 5 5 you
run a lot of different token fuck the
token you know oh my god you oh my god
we're going for it
do you guys think the fact the fat of 3d
movies will once again diode it already
has already pretty much has no they are
no longer super hyping all the 3d
elements they are no longer post
converting movies to 3d that was the
worst when they were doing that right
fuck they're saying helmets did you have
a helmet go what are they saying about
the helmet I'm wearing a helmet yes okay
do you have a better helmet
look at I stomp blondie
robert de niro's a crazy old man if he
wanted to see taxi driver remade in 3d
that can't be true I don't one I don't
believe it we made or or upgraded either
way why would you do that with taxi
driver right right
there's nothing about that that would be
better in 3d there's nothing about that
story or that movie we bet that no
benefit from being in 3d right Oh Debbie
does VR right did you guys I mean you
haven't I'm talking about
yeah yeah gaming website I forget which
one was talking about they they've
recently tried virtual reality porn in
which a special cameras strapped to the
male porn stars head and you know it's a
big wide-angle view camera check for
your 3d camera so then you can strap on
a helmet and look all around and while
of pornography happens okay uh and the
the description of it was very intense
and he said like it made him
uncomfortable because like what he was
seeing he knew was not appropriate for
where he was and but like the he felt
that it was real like and that there
were some possibilities there in the
adults or immersion he was just talk
about immersion in general he said he
had good things to say but that's you're
not gonna get any sort of different
sensation from that like you're still
just seeing things
oh right right it's not going to it's
not going to like change what you're
doing yeah right
oh yeah that's he's weird it was it was
a neat article and it was just you know
in general you know it was talking about
how virtual reality might play a
difference in like the world of video
games how you know adding more player
control being able to look around and do
interactive different ways so well if
porn gets behind it then virtual reality
will take off absolutely that's why
blu-ray made it an HD DVD didn't because
it went to blu-ray yep same with VHS
versus Betamax it all comes down to porn
all right I basically need to get food
at the end of the school battle I'm done
oh my god yeah
this could be it are you kidding if you
get hit once more that's it oh the mash
be cool rich
nice multiple freezing
this is intense corpses are poisonous oh
that's right absolutely yes we are
playing a video game
well we chat oh no it's the rat man oh
my god oh so many times I fight the rat
man I get nothing I can't believe you
got that I'm not gonna get do this
though wasn't the right man a ninja
turtles character
well there's Splinter no no that's
wonder there was like the Rat King oh
sure the Rat King
yeah there's no JJ Abrams will not
offend Star Wars fans as much as he
offended Trek fans he didn't even offend
Trek fans he just didn't make a trek
movie you know he made a Star Wars movie
yeah yeah so now he's making an actual
Star Wars movie everything is as it
should be oh those are bandits not rats
good well I'm okay with bandits I think
we've discussed this before where it's
just like the Star Wars 7 will be 100
percent adequate yes I'm also just has a
horrible incompetent script light star
trek into darkness sure which is a
possibility and the saws I mean ended
our thing this was a mess yes but Star
Trek the Star Trek is a perfectly
adequate movie
small Radke yes I did hear that they're
remaking secretive men
they are fine so we will be really
amazed like that's a layered movie it is
a weird movie I liked it as a kid but I
remember it being literally dark I
remember there was a swear word in it at
one point yeah I think a character
called someone a son-of-a-bitch
oh if I recall and that was pretty risky
for you know a little kid yeah yeah so
we're gonna remake cuz that was never
like a big you know it's not like the
big animated movies like Dumbo or it's
like of course they're gonna remake
Dumbo now fuck I don't know why I don't
know do it live action and have it
directed by Tim Burton but they're doing
I know no ice look at that damage this
is your college do not listen at all no
no no you're killing it don't listen to
me
nice yes yes I kick ass I don't even
know if you'll forget like people are
saying like they're probably gonna see
Star Wars and never think about it again
no I mean if you are a fan of the
original trilogy you will probably enjoy
Episode seven unless it has a horrible
script yeah and no it's probably going
to be you know what it's gonna be it's
gonna be up there with the current trend
of Marvel movies where you're probably
gonna enjoy it
maybe you'll get it and watch it again
on DVD or blu-ray Disc I saw Thor - yeah
we did it for the show I enjoyed it I
don't remember a thing about it know
what I to be like that I think it's
gonna be more than that I think it's
good I think it's going to be your your
Iron Man's we're not good maybe worth
re-watch and then it's like okay that's
it okay I don't think it's an immediate
forget well see because because of the
culture surrounding
because because of the Star Wars oh yeah
they're doing a Tron 3 did you hear that
and I did hear that the guy who did Tron
2 is directing it and I think you did a
good job with Tron too so is it gonna be
a single blast or navei basically doing
another reboot I'm assuming it's gonna
be a sequel to the last one yeah it's
such a weird series they keep trying
it's never successful it's never like a
big blockbuster but every few years they
try and make another one I'm looking
forward to it just cuz I like that that
world yeah taking money chance of shit
chance chances jack and they have all
paid off great I like it the only
problem is I don't think Jeff Bridges
would probably be involved unless they
find a weird way to work him in but he's
very old well not even they had but like
what happens to him in the movies oh
yeah sure no spoiler no Jeff Bridges
that makes it infinitely less
interesting yeah well no Jeff Bridges
still around he's still awesome yeah
he'll be awesome until he dies he's
never gonna die maybe he won't
don't don't don't have crazy talk Jeff
Bridges will outlive us all all right if
JJ fucks this up will his career end
no no nobody's career ends anymore
that's the thing I'd like some of them
to
here's a question what would the
excitement around star wars episode and
Episode seven look like right now
if the entire landscape of movies were
the same but the prequels didn't exist
it would be like what it was for episode
1 yeah yeah absolutely 100% there'd be
more you know you know what movie
different more people would be worried
about George Lucas not being involved in
JJ Abrams director yeah yeah I was still
the same Lucas was not in yeah I was
coming I had a roll bar the Star Wars
movies yeah yeah oh this new kid's gonna
fuck it up Lucas isn't even producing
actually okay I take that back then it
wouldn't be like Episode one it would be
a lot more negative yeah yes people
would be like no George Lucas I guess
they didn't know yeah that's true I
didn't think about that
okay no Darst fortunately I do not find
the card that lets me get rid of those
rentman cards right people would be
clamoring for George Lucas to direct a
movie and people would know red letter
media for best of the worst but they
wouldn't even even yeah they're robbing
would not we would not be there would
probably be tow vessel oh that's true
it's George Lucas fucking up the
prequels the best thing to ever happen
right like what would Mike have done
after the the Star Trek movies probably
given up on it because I didn't do
terribly well
Jesus Christ yeah I hate him I got play
out
oh no he's he's the easiest one cuz
he'll just drop bombs on all the other
guys you just can only hit him once
that's the thing hit'em runts roll away
hit him once roll away get close to the
other guy so he can drop bombs on no
like yeah Mike still would have done the
Star Trek movies yeah yeah
cuz that those were remember that those
were first but it would have been done
relatively relative obscurity oh yeah
like I'm trying to think of like the
views when he put out the first ones
there okay they were okay yeah
Sub 10,000 though no no I want to say
they they they were like fifty to a
hundred thousand before at the episode
one yeah no no no thanks oh no they did
better than ten why is there any more
you gonna check what the views were like
on the the like the the generations
review and whatnot before the episode
one where you was they were like 30,000
40,000 somewhere in there Haley that low
no oh yeah maybe more I don't know
that's I that's what I remember but I
didn't pay attention to that stuff
and I want to say they were in the at
least one of them was a hundred thousand
and they don't think so I could be wrong
I wasn't paying attention to those types
of things I was nine health and
surrounded by Rat Man here we are that's
great you just beat the king of death oh
that's a great helmet fucking love that
helmet automatically UPS your armor yeah
it's great unless you actually have
heavy armor that's useless
sure but then you can you know usually
heavy armor comes with this slow
movement caveat and so you could have a
medium iron yeah oh yeah
Mike said 30k in an interview from 2010
oh I guess maybe I was wrong I mean uh
it was just a video I watch so I just
assumed everybody else it's these are
great why isn't everybody that was right
into the microphone
I tried covering it up the best I could
oh crap okay
Oh quick recycling this fall
yeah so by the way everybody this is the
part for those of you who missed it the
first time this is rich building his
deck oh yes yes
this is good remember this is the
important part of this particular game
which is now is the time in which you
take any weak weapons you want out of
your deck so you can never you know so
you don't get that random encounter and
put weapons you want to get in your deck
with no guarantee that you're gonna get
any of it but this is where your
randomly also here's here's another
thing - I know I know like the boss of
the level is the the lizard man yeah so
I know I know they're immune to fire
right so like this is the scorching mace
here yeah useless against him so I might
want to take that out it's all true so
you can tailor your gear to the kind of
situations you know you're going to face
and if any of you have ever played a
deck building game you know the joy that
comes with this just fiddling with your
cards I can feel them I love them you're
a crazy man I love all the guy I want I
want them all I want the little
tchotchkes you're a crazy man it's true
did you say okay enough I didn't I see
Universal what else Mike you sent us
Razorback and I think you sent us how
lean 3 right is that the other one
you're trying to think of and wake and
fright so eventually we'll probably
watch a Razorback it's on the show and
know my wife does not watch best of
doors she does not it's it's weird and I
know this is gonna sound strange
she doesn't like bad movies that's
perfectly fine she's in Normie
not only do some people not watch bad
movies but some people don't understand
why anyone would watch bad movies and
that's fine some people just it's not
their thing right and she gets it like
she understands why I'm so into it she
has you
her hobbies and her interest that she
will she's weird about so she gets it
but I like I cannot convince her to
watch a bad movie would like a you know
what I could probably convince her I
would feel bad I think yeah well yeah
you put it on and then there just be
that awkward silence I really know this
is funny right and they're just like I
don't get this ya know I could be
watching something good right now mmm
right
I'm sure you agree Casper didn't I use
that humble code I try - I'll check
again all my codes and whatnots sorry if
I haven't what were you sent
I don't know I'm sent games laden yeah
she likes comic books we read comic
books together
we play board games together she's
plenty nerdy she it's not into the bad
movies not bad movie nerdy which is fine
it's it's nitch yeah yeah Karen he
despises the room oh yeah I know I know
yeah that's that's I would say that's
the bad movie that almost anyone could
enjoy yeah that's the crowd-pleaser
yeah I don't know if that's the litmus a
litmus test you don't like the room
you're never gonna like a bad movie yeah
yeah that's the most accessible bad
movie
many of these blessings are too good for
the likes of you are there movies my
wife loves but I hate no I mean you know
like I think I've talked about this
before she really digs the game of
thrones TV show oh yeah and I'm horribly
confused by it but I generally enjoy the
boobs and the blood the gore is really
amazing in Game of Thrones but I'm 100%
confused all the time about who's doing
what and why they're doing it and where
they're going
she you know like she really digs The
Hunger Game movies I could watch him
fine with them if you can make it to
part 3.1 Katniss actually does something
as a character yeah I saw the trailer
for I don't know if is that one or the
next one that's coming out but it's like
all of a sudden the series is about like
revolution yeah it's like oh that's
interesting maybe I should actually
watch these yeah cuz I like that yeah
it's it's tough when your main character
doesn't want to do anything and that's
literally her main characteristic he's
like I just don't want to be involved
yes like well fuck then why should I be
involved right so finally at 3.1 she's
like I'm ready do you hate diner right
John McClane does not want to be
involved in die hard
he's a but he still does things he does
not doesn't can't miss him he's a
reluctant hero there's there's a
difference between being like I can't
believe I'm getting into this shit again
and actively trying to get out of it she
Katniss is actively like trying to
remove herself whereas John McClane is
actively trying to take care of she I
think that's a good point to bring up
yeah difference
getting cold I don't need subtitles for
gangster own I need I need an explainer
I need someone who has read the books to
explain things to me what are they gonna
do once they catch up with books the
show just over pretty much it takes me
oh they don't do fuck but it's like
there's so many houses and characters
and everything has their own tradition
and they've spent very little time
explaining any of that in Game of
Thrones it's still nice I still enjoy it
but it's not something I would ever
watch on my own
yes yes
what dr. J what are you sending me oh
that's very nice oh look appearance that
is a computer case that John kilo made
that's very nice that's very nice that's
very fancy that's very fancy John kilo
yeah I know I could watch it on HBO go
and that there are like there's a
companion app for the HBO Go app where
it actually like explains thing to you
on your iPad and you know what I'm gonna
go ahead and say that might be bad
filmmaking if you need a little piece of
paper to tell you who's who that might
be filming but it's boobs and blood and
you know Peter Dinklage is great boobs
and blood and incest and little arias
doc rich thoughts on no man's sky and
procedurally generated games well I have
heard nothing new about no man's sky
since the e3 reveal trailer whatever was
and I'm interested in it but I don't
know much other than you can fly
wherever you want and that seems like a
neat concept you know fly around and
explore and get the space battles hmm I
don't know what else you do in the game
I don't know anything else about the
game yet but I'll tell you more when I
hear more yeah pretty much like I enjoy
your generated games the concept seems
neat I don't know if they'll be able to
pull it off
yeah I'm having that good old yeah there
needs to be a lot of variety to the
things you can explore you know for that
to work
yes and it's like we all we also all
need our own like big experience on our
home planet so it's like is every home
play and I'm gonna be amazing or it's a
yeah I know I'm excited you know we'll
see I'm looking I'm still looking
forward to know bands guy I hate these
fucking rat man curse no KJ tb8 it's not
the stupid audience for Game of Thrones
there are specific instances that they
give no explanation for they talk about
people because of course the character
knows them or they're like we can make
alliances with but if you watch the show
a lot have you seen these characters
before no they don't shut up like they
will make references to characters that
we have not seen and will not see ever
and of course it makes sense from a
characteristic same points you know
they're being they're being smart about
it not being like of course your brother
John he died four months ago at the hand
of the Lannisters cuz like of course I
know that why would you say that mom
yeah I agree no man sky it looks like a
game that could be incredibly boring
after an hour but we'll see I'm still
excited for it it looks very visually
appealing it's playing around some neat
concepts yeah I'm willing to see where
they go with it yes absolutely so what
you are saying is games of throne needs
a Last Starfighter that sentence makes
no sense to me
Last Starfighter is a movie but a guy
who plays video games yeah I've seen
that movie
Oh previously you know what there's a
weird piece of trivia all right well a
Starfighter is directed by the guy that
played Michael Myers in the first
Halloween is that true really yeah Nick
Castle that is a great piece of he went
to USC you a John Carpenter No is that
why a bunch of people get stabbed to
death in the second half in the movie oh
I need to apparently I need to stop
talking about Game of Thrones because
now beyond infinite knows how far
escaped fans feel I I've said that's
another sense that makes no sense to me
no it's okay I'm dumb all the time I've
said I enjoy it I just think it's a
little confusing but watching it all
about hating on a thing yeah yeah yeah
hating you know I watch it with my wife
and I say who are these people and she
tells me and it's great because I have
my little my little pop-up video next
minute I have not seen the wire for
precisely this reason by the way cuz I
know that's what kind of show the wire
is oh yeah very little expository
dialogue which I understand I understand
why you would want to do this I just
don't want to watch that because I'm a
little dumb and I mean you know give me
a little some more
what the guy who wrote the last
starfighter also wrote Theodore Rex what
that's what I'm saying ahead I didn't
know how many games of Thrones episode
have I watched all of them I've seen
them all I've seen all of the the runs
it's true oh my god I wrote for Freddy's
nightmares the Freddy Krueger TV there
you go are did he produce it yeah he
wrote one episode and he also produced
it and then he wrote Theodore Rex and he
hasn't written anything since there you
go that's interesting I wonder why that
is
and child-bride yes that does not that
does mean that I don't care for David
Lynch I think we've talked about this
before oh I get it
I get what he's doing I understand it I
it's just not my thing
no and that's okay like he's doing his
own weird art house stuff and good for
him do it I don't have to like this Jade
I know a little bit I know I get it yeah
taupe Rahman's taupe Rama's thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it no you know like and there's there's
some David Lynch I do like I'm I think
we've talked about this I love twin
peaks' twin peaks' is a great show but
that's him using his arthouse
sensibilities to try to have a standard
style and because of the standard style
I can latch on to that have you seen
blue velvet no I've never seen blue
fells you probably like blue velvet okay
it's very Twin Peaks eat okay it's it's
accessible all right
then I will you know what then I will
give blue velvet a try
blue Velvets great I'm a Philistine I
don't know what a Philistine is don't
appreciate the firearms um that's what I
mean don't question me on this I'm just
looking at a person who is hostile or
indifferent to the culture or the arts
that's not true that is not the I'm not
liking something doesn't mean you're
hostile prizes or a different I just I'd
like to think I understand what he's
going for and it's just not my thing
yeah the same with fire barked at me
while I enjoyed Twin Peaks a lot and
fire walk with me not necessarily my
thing oh yeah kilo 40 thank you for
subscribing though you really appreciate
it don't pour out that 40 for us
yeah you know like I but but also like I
don't like that Twin Peaks wrapped up
the story you know like wrapped up the
murder investigation midway through
season 1 season 2 it was early in season
two when they wrapped it up was it and
that was because of studio pressure
right oh oh yeah yeah you're right
you're right this studio is kind of
stupid yeah it's kind of stupid the
whole idea was like we're never gonna
solve this case yeah cuz that now what
the show is about but then that became
the big thing is like who killed Laura
Palmer everyone wants to know so the
studio is like you gotta you gotta you
know wrap it up
worst decision out it's the worst
because then the episodes after that or
them saying what the fuck do we do now
right it's just a fucking mess remember
when Kyle would often starts wearing
like a plaid shirt and turns into a
lumberjack yeah stupid
it's so stupid no they had it when they
Dean gets hit on the head or something
and thinks she's a high schooler like
remember I love tone Peaks but it gets
so bad when the guy who like drove his
motorcycle and got caught in a love
affair well I remember that that's the
worst that's the worst yeah James is the
worst I love that show that James is the
worst character in a storyline in season
two goes nowhere
yeah Oh God because nothing happens he
leaves town
he starts shacking up with this woman
yeah there's nothing to do with anything
there's no payoff no no it's the worst
cake farts cake Farrakhan that's irony
right that's just bizarre the grayness
is the final episode of Twin Peaks the
final episode of season two is like as
David Lynch you know he was off he's
making wild at heart and he comes back
and like immediately like fixes up
anything you guys fucked up any Dean's
back to normal like everything's back to
normal let's hang out in this creepy
room for an hour no it's good that's the
kind of David Lynch I can get around
yeah oh man I love that
final episode damn you larimar saying I
only just finished season 1 glad to know
James only gets worse yeah James is fine
in season 1 he's tolerable you know what
they're going for like his name is James
he's supposed to be like a James Dean
type character like I get it but yeah I
I will say if you never watched twin
peaks' I'm going to say when you get to
season 2 once James leaves town and he's
seen with him fast-forward through it
don't even bother watching it don't you
kind of have to it's not like a rite of
passage like getting through the pain no
I honestly I don't think it's worth it I
think it is worth just fast-forwarding
through all right I mean I'm with you
but like going through the pain that is
the most of season 2 to get to that
final payoff is you know there's stuff I
like like the first few episodes after
the reveal of who killed Laura Palmer
the show doesn't know what to do and
there's some bad subplots and stuff but
there are some good episodes later on
leading up to the final episode I like
wind ammonal I like that character they
finally brought in a new threat a new
storyline so there's some good stuff but
anything with James just fast forward
yep poor jack
he sucks what the fuck'd is right a
fasted you've mean a delayed
gratification the finale of Twin Peaks
is marvelous but it's quite possible
using the principles of delayed
gratification then slogging through that
second season to get to that makes the
finale even better it might not be true
but yeah and most are just because like
I went through that crap and I cuz I
didn't know any better so you got her to
fucktard see I went through I watched
the whole series for the first time with
somebody who had already seen it
reducing me to it and so they knew and
they're like this James stuff it's gonna
suck that's a good at least I know going
into it
yeah we're watching the car game I mean
rich is playing the card game and that's
okay if you're not interested in Twin
Peaks that's fine it's your deal yeah
that's not you should be you should even
me you should watch even I like to it
it's like a cop show that's a little
weird and just weird enough just weird
enough Kyle MacLachlan
what is it fucking like cop o'clock it's
the best he's great he's the best always
ever I did not make any progress with
Farscape I'm not gonna watch anymore
fire escape sorry for what it's worth
I've been rewatching it later yeah yeah
yeah
yeah Jays probably not ever gonna play
alien isolation that was that was a
panting a passing fad it was an idea of
it is now past its past the inspiration
uh Kyle MacLachlan is especially great
in showgirls I don't know what you're
talking about
oh that's all right he isn't showgirls I
haven't seen that in so he's acting the
fuck out of that and he literally yeah
literally acting the fuck huh I think
showgirls is on Netflix now maybe I
should revisit showgirls I don't know if
that's necessary or maybe it is who
knows
tell tell your girlfriend that it's
worth it
watch showgirls at Twin Peaks oh yeah he
said a girlfriend and I just got to the
reveal the killer episode and a couple
episodes later now and she won't watch
it with oh yeah that's pretty bad after
that it does does pick up and it's all
worth it for the final episode it's
really true it's really true what
happens in the final episode but I guess
that would spoil it for all of these
people so yeah yeah you should just see
it well and I mean the last episode is
frustrating cuz it wasn't necessarily
intended to be the final episode ever
right and of course now it's not going
to be which is the great thing because
it's coming back it's coming back when
is it coming back as a show or just like
this as a show another time yeah which
means it can get darker and weirder and
more perverse I thought they're just
feeling like a bit for like the blu-ray
release no congratulate those 13
episodes anyway but I'm happy for your
game I'm so excited
how involved was David Lynch gonna be
though he's doing the whole thing okay
rocky did okay if he wasn't that I would
be like no he has complete involvement
with the whole der I think he's
directing every episode I better make
sure my dad knows done I know he likes
the Twin Peaks oh yeah yeah I can't wait
see there's your reason to get the
Showtime standalone service yes I just
got it just for that I love getting just
for that
I don't know what pathologic is so I
can't tell you when we're gonna play
that what do you know of a game called
pathologic nope nope nope
hey Hanny deck East's careful Don don't
give away don't get right are they
giving away Twin Peaks they're not
giving away their good you know let the
people enjoy topics Lindsey yo yo it's
fine if you like alien isolation yeah I
don't forget anybody who likes the game
I just we just - hey there for yourself
yeah
Jay might have even liked that he was
liking that double that last you yeah
who knows who knows it's don't don't let
our opinions color yours we just try to
put on a good show and talk about video
games but you know I'm you know what I'm
glad you found some enjoyment that it's
important I find things that you like we
got nine food
I don't think Jay would like straight I
give her final five they'll be able to
scout out the area around me let's see
if the two but the two branching paths I
might have to explore one sure then go
all the way back so sure I can do it
take it off I'm going to head out it is
very late oh it's up there but I get to
try it it's like there's no idea to jack
up scales in this way right gotcha but I
mean up top there's some things I'm
gonna do some exploring okay yeah take
your of course also free to leave and
ever you want
but what did get the token hey that
little that little dish that little dish
full of tokens is something very
powerful your video feed was at least
five seconds behind the check yeah yeah
surprised it's not more usually there's
a there's a big there's a delay with
what we say
there's a delay yeah if Jack weaves this
basically it's just you waiting around
to see if I complete the no death row
yeah I will be quiet shit happens right
it's true but that that is exactly
what'll happen by I'm trying to stick
around for a little bit Jack your clock
is off
no it's midnight it's not like I'm
saying anything super exciting right now
fuck you Lynch you beautiful hack and
fraud you know like we'd like we said
with a lien if you like Lynch I think
that's great he's just not my thing
what are we talking about this the other
day when we were talking about like
judging books by covers in Milan oh no
there's no way you can know I hate this
one
this one is the biggest pain yes it is
it's a big pain in the ass
and so like Oh - huge failures in a row
I think that just means you have to
fight people not the worst oh I'm sorry
you lose your weapon
that's terrible that's that's a big loss
that's that's a big yeah exploring what
are you going up there for I wanted to
try and get that Venice Carnival
you're on a no death run I'll be fine
keep you briefed on tokens give you
trophies look this tokens mine a lot
better weapons that'll help me when the
no death run gets a lot harder sure sure
I suppose I have my reasons I'm with you
oh I'm with you mr. triphala rich do you
remember the name of that YouTube
channel that talks about Star Trek
models uh Chuck Ball media I believe
junk ball media
junk ball stuff like all the earlier
designs differed whatnot sometimes what
they altered between movies no this
isn't a boss per se this is just this is
just an encounter the the card he is on
is the jack of scales right are you and
Jack of Blois no that's coming up come
on I'm just a random rat man huh no I
mean like the level oh yeah Jack of
scales or Jack a play yeah this is the
Jack of skills okay this is Diablo no
it's not Diablos a little more a little
higher up camera its Batman its Batman
with an axe yeah which is great which is
great it's it's exactly the combat you
will find I suppose it's been a while
since I played Diablo so I mean it could
be very similar combat to Diablo only
there is a there's a big focus on
countering what is that card so you know
having your shield and being able to
counter attacks is really important and
unlike unlike a Diablo or a typical
brawler it's not about tap tap-tap as
fast as you can it's about getting your
fighting rhythm taking it slow assessing
your enemies it's different Jay is now
lost in the woods yep no rich one rich
won that fight huge success
great
oh nice and food I don't even need any
of this that's fine
thoughts on smash brothers dream I'm
sure it's gonna I'm sure it's gonna
happen just one of those things where I
didn't want to I didn't want to bring
the weed to the studio today and so just
didn't happen today all for smash yeah
I'll smash your faith in Faison yeah
sure
tap-tap-tap you know it's not underrated
it's just like that's the kind of
gameplay I'm used to I'm used to like a
like a beautiful Joe or like a like a 2d
fighter where that's all it's about I'll
pick up some more Nintendo games I have
just in general owning we've been
wanting to play that captain toad game
that's scary so perhaps that's a life
that's an in-stream game oh bandits easy
oh yeah except for the arrow fuckers
I'm sorry oh no Elvis you're running out
of wine I'm very sorry get yourself a
new box dog can you win at this game or
does it just go on there is an endless
mode however there is also where I'm
playing right now is in the store emotes
there will be an ending yes I'm I'm
gonna bout the halfway point there is an
endless mode like right now you you get
to curate your own deck
you know when before you take on a level
you get to choose what equipment and
what encounters will be in your deck
when you play endless mode just all
cards you have unlocked are available
and so a little more difficult but of
course you know the longer you go the
the better weapons that you get and this
mode can be fun we did not play hotline
Miami 2 yet see I want to play hotline
Miami 2 there's so many games I want to
play good a part of a frozen stream we
could have done that today right right
there's a lot of games that we want to
play
including games that we've played before
like this that's how let that work
sometimes
we haven't played homeworld before miss
it we were playing that earlier yeah we
played homeworld interesting space RTS
kind of thing the homeworld remake I'm
kind of terrible at it but okay kg
deviate I will check my email sometimes
you know sometimes I get and I get
behind NC 73 there's no Gruff Macmillan
Terri in this game there is generic
barbarian there this is this is the the
blank slate yes this is blank slate hmm
you play as generic barbarian
technically that's just your token
that's not even really you oh sure I
suppose you are you you are you playing
against the dealer yeah and your avatar
I think it's literally just supposed to
be your ever yeah there's if you're
paying attention to what the dealer
talks about in between the shuffles
there's there's a there's a hinted at
narrative but very very light on the
narrative side which is fine fine for me
perfect for me because you know I'm not
a big story guy which means you hate
story I don't hate story I want each
story die but see this I think this game
handles the story very well it's all
it's all hinted at and it's all
happening while the other stuff is
happening while he's laying out the
cards while you're deciding your next
move he's just talking to you so it
never takes you out of the game and I
like him oh I don't know rich do you
have any thoughts on console vs. PC
gaming yeah by PC get a fuckin PC the
amount of things that you can play with
a PC
we've we've been through this before I'm
really excited to see what kind of steam
boxes will be available later this year
as you know I'm a big proponent of steam
and so there you know reason they should
be reasonably priced gaming PC's so I'm
looking forward to looking into that
when it comes out I think it's gonna
feel I could it could it could because
you know usually a gaming PC is more
than that it's also your everyday PC
here's where I think they might be
making their mistake okay they are they
are selling a console that would appeal
to their pre-existing PC audience rather
than trying to expand steam in to like
console players you know oh I see I
disagree with that there they've stated
explicitly that they want the price
points of a steam machine they want the
they want the output to be similar to
modern consoles and they want the price
point to be similar to modern cars but
there's gonna be multiple different
versions of the damn same machine which
i think is a huge funder mistake the
different but the same
OS they want to keep it open they want
to look market aside and so you know if
you're if you're someone who's thinking
about getting a ps4 for you know what do
you think oh it's this ps4 now three for
sure I don't even know it's been a while
or you know maybe spending a slight
amount extra to get a decent gaming PC
where you have ho limitless options and
the games you play it's gonna it's gonna
win some console players over I'm
looking forward to it I'm also looking
forward to their weird controller I'm
very excited to get my hands on
see I don't know that they're gonna
gonna win people over so much as they
might switch some of their pre-existing
PC people choose weird box but you know
like price point price point and and
general understanding is a big sticking
point with with console gamers you know
like they they want to just turn it on
and have it work they don't want to yeah
why are they doing this multiple
different types of steam box it's not
just do one do one so everybody knows
they got the same thing and that's going
to you know somebody who doesn't want to
deal with computers and the hassles it's
gonna hear about shit like that they're
not gonna want to bother it's gonna
sound like a headache I agree and by the
way I agree with you
they valve is being smart and giving
trying to give their customers options
but but they're selling to an audience
that's gonna hate that idea stupid
people options is stupid right
I like PlayStation right mouse and
keyboard don't work on the couch which
is why I'm excited to get my hands on
this new controller touchpad here's the
most here's the here's an important
question to me yeah will a mouse to keep
artwork on the scene box absolutely open
source samosa is steamos is Linux based
and then will the same people who insist
that a controller is just as good as a
mouse - keyboard complain about the
competitive advantage and multiplayer of
the people using the mouse and keyboard
oh of course but who cares you'll be
winning that was the bit of the big
thing for valve
I remember reading an interview oh thank
you is they wanted to make sure that
this controller would work for the games
that they made and played you know so
they built it thinking of first-person
shooters they built it thinking of
things like yours
here's another potential downfalls
what's their new MOBA Oh
MOBA what's valves MOBA I don't our said
dota
yeah so they were thinking about they
were thinking about first-person
shooters and MOBAs they designed their
controller around that I I believe in
them no but thank you
I think their timings bad on top of
everything else because I think we're
getting set for a console crash their
timing is perfect
bloated bloated triple-a titles that are
kind of bad everything's expensive and
bad
i-i-i think there might be bad times for
the consoles in the console fans there
will be which which means it's perfect
time it's the perfect time no look if
they need to be a little bit later than
now no no because like they'll pick up
the pieces once everything is falling
apart they'll come out now the consoles
will fall apart and then by the time
console users are ready to move over to
the PC there will already be like the
steam machine again right at different
price points everyone will know that
already so then they'll come up and be
like oh you mean I can play guy can buy
a game for $2 this seems incredible it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great
have there been any great games this
generation there are ports of a great
game from last generation like The Last
of Us and Grand Theft Auto five anything
it's been how long has it been since
these things came out a year and a half
two years
yeah since we saw the police station for
well maybe not two years year and a half
I mean I agree I'm weird but the
PlayStation 4 came out and so did the
Xbox one I can't think of one great new
game any are there any upcoming I guess
people are excited about blood-borne
yeah people are excited about blah blah
I don't know much about that game so I'm
not gonna say anything about their game
but I mean I spent a terrible console
generation it sure has been
it sure has been getting ready for the
crash yep cuz they're making these
they're spending million like hundreds
of millions of dollars on these game
and if they're not gonna make their
money back yep this could get bad fast
yeah it could be it could be and I don't
care that much cuz there's been a lot of
indie games I like so I know I'll be by
right that's the thing Arkham Knight
isn't out yet we doesn't know anything
we don't know and I'm worried about it
cuz everything they've shown us has been
Batmobile mal go back don't feel
horrible take combat yeah which is you
know that's been the core of the Arkham
series up until now tank combat so I'm
kind of worried about the new Arkham
game and I love the old ones I even
fucking like origin and and everyone
hates on that one oh thanks mr. shy
smile he's mr. shyness not a smile send
me a link to all of the upcoming steam
machine like Alienware steam machine
starting at 480 that's great all the way
up to you know like a 5000 but you know
plenty in the 800 1000 1300 range it's
like a look at this alien where this
seems to be like the budget version
what's it gonna have here Intel Core i3
dual-core processor two gigs dedicated
GPU Ram four gigs internal memory 500
gigabyte hard drive
oh and they have different different
models of that and you can get all the
way up to an i7 quad-core processor yeah
that looks great
that looks great I thought I three
that's so that's for the budget
no nobody's gonna buy a five K's steam
machine because you could just build a
PC for that yeah but you know what we
need what we need is some good budget
options some some options that will
rival a console if not rival get close
get close enough to a console where
someone could make the leap you know for
consoles 400 they got something that's
gonna be too much that's gonna be too
much there 480
let's see machines yeah oh they're gonna
fill what do you mean 480 480 if a
console that none of the console fans
are hyped about film they're gonna fail
they're gonna fail hard they'll figure
they're gonna feel hard because anybody
anybody who's a PC anyway they're their
pre-existing fans we're PC enthusiasts
they want their PC they don't want a
steam box this thing is geared to no
audience it's gonna fail yeah you might
be right I'm gonna go the way of the oh
yeah right the steam budget machine is
twice as expensive as a PC with the same
text was that the budget steam machine
is twice the price of the PC parts doing
valve are usually pretty smart aren't
they yeah I mean I disagree with the
online DRM that is steam but I can't
disagree that it's worked out well for
them and you do get some pretty good
prices on things yeah I mean they've
been pretty smart up until this this
sounds stupid I think you know rich
might be right I'm gonna still be
optimistic because Oh first card first
fucking card third this is a tough card
ah I can't turn back cuz there's
literally only one fucking path
this is bullshit oh no and valves not
going making these nice but they're the
ones commissioning it and like it's
their idea it's dumb idea and you know
maybe it'll work out maybe well who
knows you probably will I'm gonna I'm
gonna be optimistic to all on food or
gold
or a good blessing oh they're saying
pre-built pcs are already overpriced so
steam machines will be no different yeah
but I assume they what they when they
designed this thing they want to expand
into the console market yeah which this
will not do yeah I mean this is a
modern-day Neo Geo sure no I see some
people saying that valve should
subsidize the steam machines a lot like
Microsoft and Sony do you know Microsoft
and Sony take a hit oh yeah for every
console cell that's that's well known
but they you know they hope to make up
for with the ecosystem with the games
valve subsidizing consoles could work
but I you know valve right now valve is
going is trying to have a business model
of let other let other people figure it
out that's this is the real problem and
you know we've seen this business model
I personally think fail and tf2 where
they said let's let the community just
figure out tf2 we won't have too much
responsibility all the note II have to
Don but maybe they're taking the same
stance here we're like well you know
we'll just let the manufacturers figure
it out we'll let the market sort it out
I don't know I'm hopeful nice dodge roll
thank you
valve isn't Microsoft I agree
whose thing that was my size yes and
valve is of course doing the important
part they're making the OS and the
graphics driver the OS is basically just
Linux from the way I understand I
modified the well it's it's big picture
moment you know it's oh yeah yeah it's
there it's their own base running on
Linux but it's their own do we do
I don't know I'm gonna I'm gonna stay
positive just because I guess that's the
kind of person I'm not yeah that's fine
you don't have to be you don't have to
be you'd be over there and not positive
I'll be over here positive
greater choices what is this
what's one I'm just reading just reading
someone sent a link to something do
something
oh my god that did incredibly well
Nathan Nathan Fillion and Alan Turing I
want to say whoa I don't notice the last
name is what's his last name
Turing the guy the guy from Firefly I
have no I said up an IndieGoGo campaign
to fund their webseries video series
about two people who were once in a
failed sci-fi show yeah you know this
could be a good prereq episode
discussing these steambox you know what
when they're closer to coming out we can
work his name down well give him credit
if we do it that's bill bill the hecka
okay you can use any controller with
steam box you can use valves own special
controller alan tudyk thank you - dick
that's his name - dick how did the
everything is all right all the time
things start just cuz it is it's true
that's just the truth I escaped the
deadly gas Oh excellent
that's an excellent thing I am thinking
about buying a steam machine personally
I don't know right now as most of you
know right now like I'm gaming on a
Windows partition of my already
five-year-old Mac so eventually it will
come to the time where I need to upgrade
what I play games on it's nothing I'm
worried about anytime but it's like oh
here's another option which is nice I
also could just buy a computer or build
a computer I suppose my fighting there's
the queen of skulls right I have no idea
I want that undone bang I've got a
decent weapon but I'm fighting skeletons
that's a great one hmm um I before
playing the order I was I mean I was
expecting expecting it to be garbage I
was expecting it to be boring wish huh
the order before playing the Artic Wow I
was expecting it to be a lot of story
and not a lot of game I was not
expecting bad I had like next to no idea
what to expect cuz I I did some browsing
around online before we did the episode
yeah I could not find anyone who was
willing to say what genre the game was
which in hindsight a bad omen but I had
like no idea what the game was I just
knew the graphics yeah I knew I knew the
trailer yeah and so you know our
expectations were almost nothing I know
I'm not the kind of person that likes a
story heavy game I knew that going in
and I knew this was a story having game
so I liked but I was ready I was ready
for a good story that's what I what I
was assuming is like a moving story and
you know we got we got this story this
was the thing Firefly is dope so I don't
know like my expectations were mixed but
you know obviously the story failed more
than anything else
and that's the real thing
part of the problem with the story -
that we didn't touch on in the
discussion amazing if you're making this
story that's it's basically just a
standard yet very dry action story hmm
with bad combat your pacing is just it's
terrible in a Hollywood movie you don't
show the character walk across town to
get to the building he's supposed to
have a shootout in they they work very
hard and editing for PC you know I mean
they they don't want that the long
stretch of time we're not doing anything
important yeah they cut out the train
ride they cut out walking down the
street to the other bar right they cut
out they condensed like every second of
you looking for the lamb to get in the
dark area you know you get o it circular
then you cut in somebody picking up a
lamp you don't actually and the movie
stumble around for ten minutes looking
for like a lamp you know just shit like
that
what oh yeah yeah ah no you know what I
think we were fine with Dark Souls Dark
Souls was one of our very first streams
and so I think it was a I think it was
incorrect
well not incorrect I think it would have
happened with just about any game we
played live on stream it was one of our
very first streams we were still getting
the hang of that and of course you all
in the chat I hate everything see what
including you cool so hates a strong
word I'd still like to give it a real
try which one Dark Souls oh yeah but you
know look a bad environment to be
playing a notoriously difficult game for
the very first for the very first time
that's that's especially when the chat
was deliberately giving us bad advice
yes agreed
yeah that's the thing we were we were
streaming it while we were playing it it
was one of our very first stream so we
were still like learning how to play and
talk with you guys let alone let alone
not listening to your terrible advice so
you know so yeah I think the game has
been slightly ruined for us not not
wholly
yeah have your alpha yeah Oh mom again
I'm sure it made for an entertaining
stream I'm glad you guys enjoy it I'm at
the part of the game where I should stop
exploring yes I can't help it I can't
help it it's the call to adventure Jack
how can i how can I deny it you do not
remember correct the first stream that
was not the first streams causes great
charity yeah you're not gonna ask for
money are you you never asked for money
up food he wants food don't give him
food don't do it don't do it
give me the token for one probably not
maybe if I get these success
very nice
all right after this it is all focus on
survival oh yeah that's you what's me oh
I heard it scratching oh that's you I
don't know if anyone has a link to you
did the first Dell prereq livestream the
rest maybe some of us
oh we don't have yeah we don't have it
anymore
I think someone posted it I think
someone put it up Oh
you know Ghostbusters the boardgame
crazed Mike doesn't play video games so
he doesn't yeah
and Jays usually here anyway so he hangs
around a chance so that's why Mike did
play co-op so you got that Mike played
co-op and Mike played don't shit your
pants I remember that I know he he he
screwed us over with the doctor Mario
twice we said we see we asked him you
want us to bring dr. Mario yes me yeah
yeah and he didn't show up after he said
he was he's a bit of a tool do I risk it
well I know I'm gonna get a curse but I
think I have seen danger if I've ever
enjoyed it
I think it might be getting time for me
to leave as well yeah it's very late you
know what I'm just gonna continue this
after I'm gonna stop this after I get
past this this card
yeah that this the queen of skulls okay
okay I will pick this up again
we'll continue you know death run at
some point okay cuz yeah it's going on
this is it's getting there it's it's 20
to 1 it's getting ridiculously late I
will save this this profile yes yeah yes
yes everything will be fine but we're
running out of steam
yeah yeah
Mike was around for Octodad I don't
think he played accident I don't know
but I don't remember
it's way back yeah you pack up I'll just
hang out until well did you get back oh
you're beating the bad guy you're not
just stopping at this line yeah do you
think Mike could play a board game baby
maybe we are gonna do another board game
screaming at very least we're gonna do
hunt the house on Halloween more game
screaming no I'll probably die here I'm
gonna take the devil's wager why would
you do such a thing
that's crazy
I'm crazy enough I would have done this
anyway it's gone I gotta fight for guys
it's fine I'll be fine don't you have to
go down to like eight hell yeah I'll be
fine
you got no faith in me check no faith no
faith nobody I got two of them are
skulls like I thought I got the undead
sword oh that's good
fine fine buy me a beer next time I
would come to Minnesota that'd be great
I enjoy beer and Minnesota now we've
talked about me being a STONER before I
met a STONER anymore
I'm not a stunner anymore oh and I've
got the blessing that instantly strikes
somebody dead at the beginning of every
combat oh my god that's great boom slow
and steady rich slow and steady
easy easy we have thought about going to
the Midwest gaming classic gaming here
in Milwaukee I don't know if we will but
we have talked about it
we've talked about it I'm glossing so I
have you four or five you have five
blessings
you guys this is getting serious I am
dead
I'm done you can take off I'm not gonna
take off I gotta take the mics we can we
can hold out hold out I know rich
notoriously does not like JRPGs so he
probably does not like the Final Fantasy
series
oh god no I've played you know some of
the older ones I want to say my last the
last one I played was X no I played x2
where the you got to change your you got
to change your class with an outfit
change because it was an all-girl cast
that was the last one to play it's fine
i like i i'm fine with turn-based combat
I'm fine with with that kind of setting
for me it's always there's always a
grind late later on in JRPGs or in final
fantasy to be more specific and that
part I don't much care for so I can't
say if I've ever meet in the Final
Fantasy game just cuz I get bored
but you know like I I like turn-based
combat RPG kind of kind of games I think
they're fun
I do like Pokemon games I've played
almost all Pokemon games I don't have a
3ds so I haven't played any of the
newest generation both my hands but
besides that I played all the pokemon oh
you so miserable
I'm little tired I love Pokemon riches
not played Pokemon as he does not like
RPG turn-based combat people don't get
simple concepts well they might be new
they might be new to dream yeah you know
what I felt the same way about Chrono
Trigger that I felt about Final Fantasy
which is I really like the beginning I
really like you know exploring getting
all the new characters I love the
beginning of a new RPG and then it hits
a point where the difficulty curve
becomes unbalanced and you hit that
enemy that you're not ready to face yet
and you have to go and grind you just
have to go back to a weaker level and
grind up and grind up and grind up and I
felt the same way about the Chrono
Trigger I like the world I like the idea
I liked the time manipulation mechanic
we had to go back and forth through
different time periods to grab different
items to take them to different time
periods to you know I liked all that I
just I couldn't finish a game there's
this groggy guys - pay attention pay
attention pay attention check which one
is it gonna be oh it's not a tab which
one Chad I think it's all the way right
I think it's all the way to the right
what is the chat say I think it's all
the way to the right
the frogman is great chad is going
I have faith the Chad is going to get us
this token you think get us this token
Chad do it oh my god they're giving all
sorts of numbers rich I see a lot of
threes yeah but you mean like this three
right third from the third from the left
that's what they're saying pay attention
pay attention here we go here we go here
we go you got to do it again now making
it happen - watch it watch it I think
it's all the way to the left I think
it's number one was Jackson come on you
can do this again you can do this again
where is it we're not there yet hold on
I know why not there yet I know oMG we
did it it's just like let's make a deal
let's use the maths come on everybody a
lot of one Oh Bob Bob mom 40-foot walrus
feels very smug right now very small we
all thought it we've written I thought
it was right one two yeah yeah one was a
fine guess not not anything too bad
Evans all right I have to go we're done
good night good night good night
