Episode 233
Heavy Bullets - Jack Solo Stream
April 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRyA9jkqtMc
___________________________________________

and so I love that no backpack oh that's
a grenade also there's a grenade so we
got that going for us
which is great which is great everything
is great
it's all great all the time every bolts
yes
oxygen this is heavy bullets this is a
game ID I know nothing about it but it's
it's a game it's a first-person shooter
and so yeah okay okay
be louder be okay I can be louder hold
on I can be louder louder is a thing
louder is a thing I can be nice clean
sound great yeah it's a little a little
crazy here we go alright
Jesus Jesus H alright so things I know
about everything's fine everything's
fine oh I'm poisoned
okay oh I can't afford anything great
great I can't afford anything yet there
are snakes and there are monsters and
I'm not doing very well what is that
what is it so this I I believe this is
procedurally generated so every time you
play it the level is a little bit
different well I got an ore chunk I
don't know if that's good or not I think
I think I want to go heal I think I want
to go back and heal it's like no I can't
okay I can't go back and heal that's
good to know that's good to know
I am playing this with a controller
because I play everything with a
controller thinking oh I can deposit
that's great oh oh oh I can sell the or
chunker 35 this is interesting this is
Shirley Shirley interesting this looks
hideous this does look but I think
that's the point well
oh my god come here bullets okay okay
back on it I need health bullets what do
you suppose a red potion does well I got
it how do we use item oh okay red potion
feels great this this is a little
glorious kind of enjoy don't trust it
don't dress stupid snake
no he's poisoned oh he'll I need more I
need more any more gold I need more gold
right I would not recommend I would not
recommend doing drugs while playing this
game I think that would be a terrible
idea what I would recommend
Oh extra bullets I would recommend is me
getting some money I love that you have
to pick up your bullets I think that's
the most see look at that Tiger this
time I'm learning
you know what I'm doing I'm learning
okay great now I have some money I can
heal let me go heal one heart heal one
heart jack isn't listening oh I'm sorry
so what's the object of this game I
don't know I literally I turn to this
game on two minutes before I started
streaming so that I could test audio
levels I know nothing about this game
except for move forward and that's all
I'm doing so far is moving forward
reloading don't let the snake get you oh
there's a thing over there I'm on be a
snake I'm on you you dumb snake there's
gonna be something over here nope oh
okay what is this
nope key card required okay great great
okay I don't know anything about this
game I think I remember seeing this game
[Music]
one heart is full third of your heart
right right you go until you die it is
supposed to look like this yes it is
supposed to look like this okay yeah no
this is this art style is phenomenal
I don't know like if I'm supposed to
explore or pick up stuff
I don't snake I'm on be a snake hit that
box you have to hit the box next to him
I almost used all of my heavy bullets
killing that stupid thing that's great I
think this is I do believe this is
roguelike we're done life to get through
it all
see what happens what kind of hurts I
tried to turn the game down game volume
down as much as possible you're already
getting motion sick I did turn up the
the field of view so I don't know if
that helps or hurts with the motion
sickness okay now I know what's going on
there now I know what's going on yeah no
more snakes are gonna get me I say that
your bones back that's incredibly
important have to pick up your bullets
oh you can buy extra bullets that's cool
okay all right here we go this is dope I
stopped paying attention for two minutes
for two seconds because are there spikes
in this game not that I know of Phoenix
but I think that's a really important
question rich for anyone who doesn't
know sorry I just started playing and I
didn't I didn't do any of the normal
introductions or anything
rich is feeling ill I believe he come I
believe he caught that sickness that I
had so he is feeling ill so he did not
feel like he could make it out tonight
so it's just me it's just me tonight
we're playing some games we're gonna
play my plan is really just to play
games that I've been wanting to play for
a while and for one reason or another I
haven't I got an O or a chunk I think
I'm supposed to sell this or junk I'm
not supposed to just hold on to it great
shop discount life insurance oh I
accidentally blew it up I accidentally
blew it up
that's my bad that's my bad I got a
bunch of you money though so I think
that might be good
[Laughter]
whoopsie sorry Barry very very sorry
okay on with it on with it we're going
again things are flying at me now things
are flying at me now there are things
that are flying at me now and that's
just a thing that's just something we
have to accept
[Music]
our subs not working tonight that's
that's quite possible you know how it
goes sometimes they're not working just
make sure then you let me know and of
course I will do my best to thank those
ok oh look at how cool that looks like
the trees and the pink mist yeah what
was that what was that what was that
it's fine everything's fine everything's
fine okay I don't know what I'm doing
here
I'm putting money into the discount
thing I don't know why I don't know what
anything does she's crazy
well then scared the bejesus out of me
I died I died I died what are you guys
talking about what kind of rules are we
talking about no no other weapons that I
know of of course I haven't tried any
other weapons no no other weapons just
just the revolver which I am fine with
because right now I can I can barely
handle just the revolver damn stupid
snake I got snaked guys I got snaked
[Music]
something so shoot crazy i'ma shoot
crazy over here I see an enemy and I and
I want to kill it but you know you only
get six bullets at a time and then you
gotta go each of your individual bullet
which might be the greatest mechanic I
can think of recently having so few
bullets is really it really makes this
very tense it would be better if I if it
would help if I was a better shot I'm a
pretty poor
that mega bomb alright also the sound is
a little grating if there's anyone I can
understand it's a little great they were
going first they were going for a style
and I get this style what those are just
regular bombs I still have a mega bomb
that I haven't used I'm gonna use it on
that cuz why not
that's what I say okay we're just gonna
we're just trying to get get far this
time that's all looking for six
repellent
I don't
oh it's just have it as a passive effect
it's just okay it just uses itself
behind um it's fine I'm fine
okay I pick the bank again I've lived
the bank again like there's no jump
button there's no and I and I have to
stop blowing up the bank too many
enemies around what are you talking
about did I have to kill someone
I know kill someone apparently I didn't
kill someone here's fine an enemy to
kill
this game might be full of it
is it because I blew up the bank listen
I'm sorry I blew up the bank there it is
snake
that's stupid snake it doesn't need a
jump button it does not need a jump
button
you know if it's $10 I want to say I got
it for pretty cheap or someone gifted it
to me
what I got this fairly cheap and
visually it's it's amazing homing bomb
can't want this repellent this dad oh
there's like a super creepy noise not
killing it here guys 100% not killing it
but I think that there was a bank back
there I think there was a bank back here
or something where I could heal
Oh oh there's a ladder oh how awful they
don't like oh no that's where I came
that's where I came from okay never mind
never mind okay here we go
[Music]
I died how terrible I died
these are just the thing that happened
what the heck are you guys talking about
what the heck is going on in the chat I
did have a homing bomb I did have a
homing bomb I love that sound the sound
that the gun makes when you reload I
would like one extra bullet please gamma
bullets back Blair's got all my bullets
back it's very nice snake these snakes
they think they can trick me you know
why because they're a bunch of jerks
[Music]
- jerk snake
focus pills reload plus it's great like
that doesn't seem like nothing that they
were selling seems like it's been a
problem magnet carry Plus see that could
be fun okay are these spikes no these
are not spikes these look like spikes
but these are not spikes did you're not
hurt and I think that's part of the
definition of spikes just noises
everywhere
I'm sorry knife I mean I kinda have to
see what a knife is about ok so if you
press the X button on your controller
you slash that's kind of silly because
of course now all I want to do that's
kind of a waste
protip pro tip the knife kind of a waste
snake checker that's what I want
snake checker no spice yeah this you're
right this a Michele this is the laziest
knife ever want this game absolutely
syncs up with in the air tonight I'm
gonna sell my knife
okay that knife kind of useless and I
think there yeah there's like a
repellant over here I don't know what
the repelling does necessarily I can
only assume it repels are you guys
talking about
keep singing the Metal Gear franchise
now that Hideo Kojima is leaving you
know I never got people who were super
into that franchise anyway I don't get
it
I think rich put it the best when he
said they confused evolution for good
storytelling what and they got kind of
want to use my mega bomb now those kind
of uses let me get my thing back come
here
kind of useless our Tokyo
[Music]
it's not like I don't like metal gear i
the Metal Gear Solid 4 the PlayStation 1
is one of the most really enjoyed that
game and then after that there's kind of
a diminishing returns as far as I'm
concerned just got it you guys know me I
don't care about the story as much as I
care about the gameplay so it's just not
my thing
snake snake over here writing on walls
is strictly forbidden okay okay that's
fine I should wear more tiny shirts
Thank You Elvis thank you I I really
enjoyed my Jack works tinier shirts
video I thought it was really funny but
that's fine I should wear more tiny
shirts
oh no it's the fun we got now I got
suicide bombers that made me jump that
literally made me jump see um
what do I think of this game's
atmosphere I think I don't know it sits
on the border it's on the border of like
trying too hard and just perfect if that
means anything you know it's it's so
stylized which which I love I love that
it's just that it's unique you can you
can look at a still image of this and
know immediately that it's from this
game so style is important I don't know
what function
is this you know we know nothing about
the world not to say we should know
anything about the world but I like when
hyper-stylized things kind of serve
[Music]
rocket I mean we should see what that's
about anything it's gonna get my
repellent back that's a that's a pacify
ker that's an item I can understand
because it doesn't do anything oh I blew
up a snake I blew a snake with my rocket
great so it's like I enjoy the look but
I don't understand the purpose it serves
besides just being style and style for
the sake of style alright
[Music]
what are you guys talking about what
what are you guys talking about Oh one I
did make it to level three I'm pretty
proud of that
I've seen like one episode of Top Gear
I've I'm sure it's a fine show I know a
lot of people talk about it on the
internet talking about rules
mutual funds don't talk about mutual
funds that sounds boring meaning of life
great
I think this game is called heavy
bullets because you pick up the bullets
after you shoot you see the bullets are
bouncing so the bullets are happy yeah
like I don't want to call the gameplay
unimaginative I saw that nice you know
it's it's as simple it's simple is what
it is this is a very simple premise
which I enjoy you know the world is just
unimaginative that's that's I think the
problem I think this this concept this
concept of a roguelike first-person
shooter given a different world could
have been more fun like you know a lot
like like like something like
[Laughter]
it's an indie game so it's allowed to
look bad no there's nothing wrong with
things looking bad it's just you know I
just don't get it I don't get I don't
understand why it looks the way it looks
again you know we'll compare this again
to strafe because it's similar lead it
has similar they wanted to look simple
they wanted to look like four they're
from 1996 and okay okay can anyone read
you truth Tokyo
I can read you I don't know if that's
what you were going for red potion
stupid snakes
I like having one like having one extra
bullet I look out for snakes on the
lookout for snakes I don't want the
snakes to get me I feel embarrassed
whenever the snakes get me okay okay
repellant
but it like and I like I like all of the
individual monster designs like and and
the world designer like like I said it's
just it's just a question of like what
purpose does it serve besides just ease
of making I guess I don't know obviously
I'm still playing it so I like it enough
where I'm still playing it sell some
stuff I'm gonna sell some stuff I
thought I killed everybody
where'd that Bank thing go where's that
Bank thing go not that one
[Music]
okay sold the our chunk I think there's
a repellent over here - yeah gaming the
system we're gonna sell the repellent
now let's figure out what our last wheel
is okay passive effect let's see what
that does
where is my I had a potion
oh oh I can only use one maybe maybe
they have a I guess we're going to use
the red potion for now see if we can buy
like a backpack upgrade later I think I
remember seeing something along those
lines
oh you can store items okay alright I'm
getting it I'm getting it apologies if
that broke
oh my god pardon me yes a soundtrack
would make this infinitely better
there's wrong
there is no soundtrack which is very
strange
there's no soundtrack that's weird
and that is weird I saw you this time
you jerk see there was like a blue thing
over here let's see what that does
antidote well now we have an antidote
okay
silver life oh I wonder what all these
things do I'm sticking with the last
we'll stick in with the last wheel don't
know if that's necessarily the right but
that's the call we're making a swear
right anything any music would be great
okay speed up
no I don't want to move any faster Oh
see now we got a backpack that's great
now we can hold some stuff now we can
hold some stuff okay great so now
no no how do you use the backpack oh wow
let's find out how to use the backpack
stick one button three that helps okay
okay I figured out I mean I look so cool
in here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
steak steak everything's terrible but
he'll item no of course not
and I blew up the other one damn it
I use this speed item let's get this
fill out let's rocket so let him make a
bomb come on who's gonna have some help
for me who's gonna have some help
[Music]
well there we go there we go now we're
ready for it okay great I feel like we
can make it a little further this time
[Music]
this is usually when I run into snakes
when I stop paying attention because I'm
picking up stuff okay great great great
I should be okay great great we're doing
great we're doing great guys
everything's great
it feels great no harm going back I mean
it's there right I know have the other
potion but okay all right here we go
here we go here we go I'm saying that
out loud so that I might actually watch
out for snakes just no I can't I can't
yell anymore but that's okay I have the
potion I don't know if I want to waste
the potion the potion I think the potion
does who I can sell a thing can sell
your thing no I can't sell it there
I can only hold two items
alright let's use the red potion it only
heals one heart that's gross alright
[Music]
watch out for snakes right where is rich
rich is sick rich is sick so he is not
streaming tonight to preserve his health
cuz we have some stuff to do this week
including but not limited to filming our
next game play of prereq so you wanted
to take tonight easy because this week
we are doing stuff sorry sorry about
that foul language everybody I know that
was poisoned okay great what it was a
snake wasn't it look at that okay can
you do that can you believe that a snake
got me
I mean of course you can is the answer
thank you I can't believe that
right Tiberius Kirk I know I know it's
me it's me that's doing it it's Oh me
sir camp is back welcome back sir gimpy
our one and only moderator rocket rocket
rocket all right I have the rocket I'm
gonna use the rocket
or not just keep going I shot the rocket
at the robot and it didn't work that's
some BS when I go get that mega bomb
there was a mega bomb one of his focus
pills do you jerk yeah fine I didn't
want it I didn't want it I didn't want
it I know he thought I thought that I
wanted but I didn't
there was a mega bomb okay I love these
monsters I love them I think it's great
what is that
whoa a matrix really right out of there
a steak steak it's me I'm just gonna
keep hailing that's I'm just gonna keep
coming back to these things and he'll
stop getting hit by the stupid snakes
it's cuz I want to go fast this is my
real problem is I want to go fast okay
here we go
here we go
snake snake there's some ambient noise
now which is weird
max life up robot can destroy things
broom snakes watch for snakes watch for
snakes it's not that hard to watch for
snakes I did it I watched for snakes are
there snakes in the trees there might be
snakes in the trees
[Music]
nice oh I see
you see as the nausea said in yeah I'm
getting I am I'm getting a little
nauseous playing this snake and look I
stopped looking for snakes and there's a
snake I'm just waiting for me which I
don't know if I've carry plus one now I
want to save up and see if I can get
extra life I used to get more motion
sick from first-person shooters this is
all right what that's cool I should heal
[Music]
snakes snakes always always be looking
for snakes what do you think the toolbox
does
okay that's pretty cool so it throws
little minds
that you can then shoot that's pretty
awesome
great while I can't I'm just gonna get
another red potion okay here we go here
we go here we go
[Music]
every all things blink and bleep when
you pick them up how can I get him pink
tours now I think I need to
what what I can't imagine what snake
snake snake venom poison now oh you jerk
oh yeah
this is getting real you know it's
getting real quiet and yes I saw the
snake back there kill that snake scope
kind of loving the scope okay stuff in
the grass now op that thought that been
sucked up
yes sneaky bastard
snake snake
sell it over check great okay okay we're
doing a case we're doing it somehow what
yes yeah if you ever if you're ever in a
world with neon pink snakes just slow
down and look for them that's the lesson
okay okay all right we got here backpack
it's okay we're doing it what is that
snake snake sneaky bastard okay where am
I go this way you human you cannot hear
me but a backpack will help okay
and I want my scope I would rather have
my scope and I can have homing bombs and
my scope
[Music]
I felt like I did better than that
I felt like I did better that time boy
that was a tough one you know that one
was a tough one
I think we are gonna quit heavy bullets
just for now cuz that was a lot of fun
okay so now let's update the stream what
are we gonna play next this now I see
now is where we get run into some
problems I had a whole bunch of stuff
kind of lined up just like weird stuff
that I have I've never really played
there's some stuff that I have played
before can be opened with key cards yeah
pink doors gonna be open to hockey cards
and there was stuff in him right I could
play more Arkham just pick up where I
left off on Arkham I was thinking about
that I was thinking about that
what I'm not
