Episode 235
Batman Arkham Asylum - Hack & a Half (Part 2)
April 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p81M2MZciwk
___________________________________________

I am a big dumb dummy there's a there's
a different thing I think I think most
people have the issues that I have they
just are not doing it in front of a live
audience probably that's what I make
myself I think I did just fine my first
I show sure yeah but there's no proof
you don't we don't know those guys kind
of freak me out
yeah interesting you're just punching
them you're not countering them and III
like the counter animation on them
sure kind of flips him over his head and
slams him down you know I'm looking for
efficiency here not flair now okay okay
Jeff you and I rich we are very
different capers pizza train 11 says
don't let rich intimidate you you're
doing fine oh thank you beats a dream I
feel like I'm doing keeps a train 11
Jack this guy this guy has your back you
could at least get his name right what
the fuck I mean you're right you're
right yeah absolutely right
Oh hailey hailey I hate looking at her
good you don't like her design in this
game I do not like her design in this
game
oh you it makes some sense with the
asylum sitting there going for like a
cheesecake nurse thing since this
particular incident matter like like
overall yes it makes sense with the
world I got to figure out how to save
the guards now lost in Technicolor I
don't hate you where'd you get that full
idea
okay I can figure candy straight that's
that's the name I'm trying to think of
for the nurses candy stripe right yeah
oh yeah no like I get it within the
world of Arkham Asylum it makes perfect
sense but I just don't like it
Theodore J hooker thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated seven
months in a row
wait can i defuse the bomb no it's okay
I'm Batman I have a gadget you do save
the day with a banjo Nico : still my
favorite Looney Tunes character
Wile E Coyote oh yeah how could you not
love the groom I'm fine with the
roadrunner me I have
I did I don't hate the roadrunner I just
you know not my favorite
no no Bugs Bunny really really yeah bugs
is the ultimate smartass okay okay this
if this know my favorite individual
Looney Tunes cartoon doesn't really have
any of the major characters in it it's a
pair of cartoon mice and I've heard the
name Kirby and Bertie fairly obscure
like they're in the for cartoons total
but these two mice eat a bunch of cheese
and they get sick and they can't stand
the sight of cheese anymore so they
decide they're going to commit suicide
what yeah yes so they they try to get
this cat to eat them what the cat is
very suspicious that these two mites
want to be eaten so the cat's afraid of
the mice because he's highly suspicious
of their motives sure and then the dog
just doesn't know what the fuck is going
on because you have two mice you don't
want to eat cheese want to be eaten by a
cat the cat doesn't want to eat mice and
there's poor dogs like sitting there
with an adding machine trying to figure
out what the fuck is going on this is
this whole worldview has been flipped
sure that is my favorite individual
Looney Tunes cartoon sounds great
seems like they should be egg oh there's
a guy up there okay I get it
that's screaming at me there's a man
screaming at me rich oh oh I know
[Music]
Detective Mode yeah I remember the
pulling down
[Laughter]
hi pressing the right buttons is hard
sometimes rich yeah extremely clever
user names as Chuck Jones was the worst
of the WB just Chuck Jones the most the
most amazing person in all of animation
Chuck Jones is fuckin awesome every
every one of my favorite Lodi Tunes
cartoons is probably a Jeff Jones
cartoon the wily the roadrunner stuff
the red seasoned duck season stuff
Chuck Chuck Jones is fuckin amazing I
can only assume you're trolling I would
also assume stop yes
they add some Batman I play it up Batman
I wasn't even sure what that was but I
still blow it out oh I control that I
guess that makes sense
oh I suppose you're right it is more fun
pressing the counter button you toss
around sure I guess
dude dude just have two chests and a
petty like pew you know you know he just
had a cameo on the order 1886 I feel a
few yeah yeah yeah that's pretty pretty
intense stuff you know you know had a
small part of it that came yeah you know
I am French huh did you know is
as it turns out I am a Frenchman I love
the ladies
near the main character is kind of
Yosemite Sam unveil them Sir Galahad oh
sure
I'm valium oh yeah lots of valley I
thought you just said you've got
practice from from hand of fate and if
we're good at it take take your time
take your time and watch out for the
electric for yeah it's like every time I
try to do something another guys it's
fine I'm not I don't feel like I'm
last time I played I mailed the section
absolutely nailed it I'm sure I'm sure
you did I believe you
Oh nope that was our choice that was the
wrong choice
they do not allow any other combo moves
did you unlock any of the combo moves
let me insta-kill one sure don't forget
to use those and you're mashing yeah
you're mashing in my heavy rash you did
here mashing you were correct
I know I don't want to hear that mashing
that ends now hear me you hear me young
men that was me mashing to get out of
electrified one for me okay okay okay
slow steady like Batman like Batman
oh crap I'm gonna die hey I countered
Uschi right I saw Jacqueline Arkham
Asylum I had to even sick I had to
scrape in just the backseat game you see
the instant kill combi move on the guy
at the altar thing that's really
satisfying issue you kind of rip it out
of his hands and stab him with it I
don't remember what the car
Oh for fuck's sake it's only it's only
the most important aspect of combat in
this game you wouldn't need to know that
you didn't have to die
you didn't have to die I didn't have to
die figure out figure out what your
combos are that's I'm looking right now
oh I have a throw I can throw people
yeah but the other one where you just
take them out of the fire it's probably
better the combat takedown is yeah why
okay bny got a sound okay let's try this
again okay I am auto-tune because I am
skyping in from home where my internet
is crap
and here get out of here Batman
watch out Batman
oh I just punched a guy in the dick
nothing socratis I just punched him
straight in the dick it's the mark of
any good game
that did hurt that did Hoyt
get the compost you just use on a thing
that just using another mine
come on come on you like yeah they're
fun combat takedowns fun rich what are
your thoughts on them tend to making
mobile games I don't give a shit because
I don't like playing games on a tablet
one right there okay you know it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine we should be
worried about the company that
Nintendo's going with to make these
games
because they have a past of
microtransaction all sorts powerful
things but it's Nintendo Nintendo gets
to do whatever they want yes we really
appreciate it thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it I don't think
I've ever I don't think thank you for
subscribing there's a good research bag
remember that one
[Applause]
don't don't mash prioritize the the
shock baton guys and don't mash but
definitely prioritized shot guys first
thing should be to jump over their back
and to hit them from behind right never
you see if somebody's got the shock
thing take care of them first here's my
problem yeah my problem not the game's
problem
yeah is every is when the spider sense
comes up if you're already punching that
person when the spider sense comes up
yeah well you don't mess that's why you
don't mess you do hit them hmm
but you don't hit them all the time
right what I'm saying no I don't you
it's hard to you
he hit the button to come somebody you
counter them unless it's the red counter
which you can't counter them
[Music]
running into problems because you're
matching the hip button and you're in
mid-swing when they when they start
hitting you and you don't have time to
block them beating somebody else rather
already throwing a punch trust me I can
get out of this battle without taking
one hit and I know how this works I know
that I know it's doable I am NOT I'm
saying this is my problem okay okay
don't forget about your combat takedown
get out get out get out get out
don't don't don't do the ground pound
when you're surrounded by guys said shit
takes a while
no no I was pressing the a button and I
wasn't I was jumping instead of climbing
animus primal lesson no Jack why are you
ruining the reputation of Batman I ate
Donuts as rich is making Jack feel bad
about us perfectly average again that's
probably fair that's probably fair I'm a
harsh coach but I got to do it what it
takes to get to get my man to cross the
finish line catch more flies with honey
that's bullshit
you catch flies with fucking fly swatter
also my instant kill thing I don't know
I don't understand when to use the
combos whenever you're able to whenever
your your your uh combo meter turns
yellow you can use one build up a couple
meter numbers will be X by tomorrow at
the top left hand of the screen how long
have you been playing this game you know
I can check steam it's been a while how
long how long I don't understand how
things work I've been hobbled ha boy
obviously
more better since Jack's gonna surprise
us all by revealing to us he's been
blindfolded the entire right and by the
way if you didn't know there was a combo
meter you were not doing perfectly
average yes
Hartley's been everywhere on the island
so I'm calibrating the scanner to only
show prints that have traces of
chlorophyll and it's a cell cylinder now
I'm probably still in there nothing
showing up on detective mode
well he's inside the metal door sure
mm-hmm
okay I need to go to the Botanical
Gardens okay
now your teeth I can't wait for it my
next fight and figure out what this
combo meter is all about so which
explain free flows next please
I don't think free flows came in until
the second game basically you get get a
combo for not basically not getting hits
and and not waiting too long between
attacks your your combo meter builds up
and for one the higher it gets the
higher your score so you can more easily
buy upgrades and also the higher it gets
ably the stronger your acts are okay
well once you get I don't know if you
have the upgrade for your combos coming
up every every 5 hits because default is
aid but there's an upgrade for 5 with
with the upgrade every 5 hits you get to
use one of your special moves so if you
get to 5 hits you use the combat
takedown and that that basically
automatically take somebody out of a
fight that sounds like a great time
oh I did a dumb thing to tribe says but
rich doesn't speak volumes about the
game that you can get this far
completely ignoring the combo system it
might say something about the
difficulties but the game is still far
more satisfying to play if you're
actually good at the combo system if
you're good if you're good at building
up a large combo and you just utterly
kick ass that feels great
sure again if if it makes you feel
better you could skip out on the more
upgrades just artificially add to the
difficulties sure no and I think the
armor upgrades are the only thing that's
been keeping me afloat see that's in
skills skills thing again I can get by
without the armor upgrades I try to to
upgrade the funner stuff first III might
I might even do the armor dead last sure
sure it's because I'm awesome arles you
know
okay where do I go again oh my god oh
wait there's a magical thing that tells
me where to go that's right where's the
magical hardly fingerprints
no that's just where I was fever
all's IRS's this is previously recorded
live thirtieth times streaming this game
everybody's celebrating we haven't
played this game that much for I know I
don't have streamed it once and you've
done it like twice I think yeah sure so
we don't like for time so nothing
compared to like FDLR Isaac ex-con right
right and I saw and you know I asked you
know after playing a new game
someone wanted to see this I think I
think the interesting thing with you is
this is like literally every minute
you've played this game who's been on
string right
yes and this is just your first
playthrough they're going through
everybody gets to watch I think I think
that's interesting enough when I did it
was a no different attempt I've fucked
up two-thirds of the way Julian but okay
Jax objection play Maximo trio I wish
they made maximum three I I read about
it recently in the last like a year or
two ago the the original concept art
because they they started working on it
before got shit-canned it was gonna be
like the first games like you know
skeletons bats it's based heavily on the
original ghouls and ghosts game okay the
second the second Maximo game is like
here to ask clockwork steampunk monsters
and then the third game was gonna be
like Cthulhu themed
I think there's there's a lack of
cthulhu yeah and just in the world in
general I'd like to see it was some more
could feel that happened but no game
never got made but a couple years ago
they released a whole bunch of concept
art for it what not cool
I don't think I can do this
nope okay that's fine
mr. at shoe 12 says remember when games
were made to have fun and not make no
death runs what does that mean for one
that have for one that implies that a no
death run is not fun right for other
they they totally don't build games for
no death runs they build games these
days so you can die infinity number of
times and you always respond like 30
seconds before the time you died like
games are the opposite what you just
accused them of also yeah the note the
no death run was was invented with older
games because people just wanted to play
more of them
people don't know death run modern games
well I do but I'm a weirdo
sure I think I'm the only person who
cares about doing like Arkham no death
run yeah all right I'm not going the
right way
[Laughter]
I am NOT going the right way okay okay
for the for the 80th time I sound weird
because I'm skyping in from home and my
my internet it's crap yes you probably
also sound weird because you're sick
yeah yeah right through my throat feels
okay it's mostly been my stomach I'm
throwing up a lot yeah some guy some
guys summit roof
yeah I don't think I have what everybody
else was getting yeah oh I was worried
that I gave you a that I gave you the
sake no I'd like some of pains and look
not pleasant
no oh I've been heading the wrong way
this entire time
hey I got a Riddler trophy had something
teeth over here but I don't think Tjader
845 says Ridge can i pre-order space cob
do you really need food but you free
orders or not you're still not getting
it until it's done I never understood
free runners free orders never made any
sense to me just wait until things out
and then pay for I don't know it seems
to make a lot of sense then then then
you can even like hear reviews first and
then you're not buying a game that's
like crap please cut bite sorry I'm not
saying this cops running off prime and
in the spirit of the world maybe maybe
you pre-order space cuffs and then it's
like terrible how do you know that's not
sure
100% of possibility Jack have you ever
not been able to find a game on
releasing does it ever happen no never
yeah pre-orders are the biggest fucking
scam yes uh Turley pointless yes if they
expect the game to sell a million copies
or order a ton of them at the store
because they're gonna want to sell as
many as they can if the game isn't that
popular well then you're probably not
gonna have trouble finding a copy anyway
right no and especially nowadays with
you know Amazon and games that ship
directly to you you just never ever have
to worry about not playing a game uh-huh
I'm trying to even think about like back
in the day you know like there was just
there's a shortage oh there was a Mario
- I think my may have even started it
because that one sold unbelievable
numbers games and stores are running out
of them for Christmas time I think it
might have just been Marie you - and
ever since then pre-ordering and it's
it's it's completely irrelevant in this
day and age 100 percent 100 people are
free order a lot of copies of a game
that is anticipated to be couple stores
are
okay we're okay there it is
botannical gardens rich okay I ate down
it says rich i pre-ordered BioShock
Infinite on Steam and got a free copy
XCOM enemy I'm not was got a scam well
what about a scam it would have been a
scam if it turned out that you thought
BioShock Infinite sucked then you didn't
get to read a review first then it would
have been cheaper just to buy XCOM enemy
within on your own I don't know if it's
still on I don't know if it's still on
sale I just want to bring up I saw that
on sale on Steam the other day like 67
percent off for enemy within and and
vanilla just enemy I know and I think
was 75 percent off
she's just just a heads up I don't know
if they're still on sale but last time I
looked they were upgraded okay let's see
here we can upgrade some stuff
sonic Batarang
I don't know if I want that just I just
checked up the store page right now hmm
75% off for enemy unknown and I'm
assuming within is yeah well then is
with enemy within is 67 percent off that
is nine dollars and 89 cents if you want
to buy it right now great vanilla
vanilla XCOM it is 849 I just recommend
getting within its it's certainly worth
an extra buck and a half for the content
you get with enemy within I don't know
where it's buck-and-a-half
totally worth it totally worth oh that's
like a whole dollar I don't know it's
outside of everything else you get you
also get the single best mission in the
game but like a fucking 1/2
Oh dick punch yeah I am bad man and I
will dick stiffy pig smell wants to know
if a chef master or pasta for the love
of fuck please help me maybe just
because I've had stomach problems the
last couple days but definitely
definitely some nice plain mashed
potatoes just some some good just
completely simple easy on the stomach
mashed potatoes that's fine that's fine
I wish I wish she had mashed potatoes
here I should go out and buy potatoes if
you do plan on buying XCOM sale ends in
like 12 hours
see ya half the day to decide okay now
the button prompts are doing
okay here we are at the botanical garden
where we are surely going to fight the
Joker and no other plan themed villain
right hmm oh my god there's a crazy
person on that kinase head that's all I
was I was I was reading some shit what
was that question you just asked me jack
I didn't ask a question I said I said
okay I was being a little sarcastic and
I'll bang nothing here we go to the
Botanical Gardens where we are surely
going to fight Joker and no other plant
themed villain oh yeah yeah but now I
see that there is a crazy person on the
statue head I don't think I know step oh
if you if you climb up to a high spot
can you kick him off
I threw a bad Batarang at him oh oh
that's excellent
Oh off yeah he died you killed that poor
crazy man for no reason
oh actually I did kill him oh no oh no I
didn't kill him it didn't pick up his
heartbeat at first and I was like was
that it was that the time Batman killed
cuz some guy was on a statue oz Mike
thank you for driving we really
appreciate it it's true we do we really
do all right
Botanical Gardens here we go gonna fight
the Joker nobody else
that was weird tribe says I just think
rich is super cool for some reason I'm
that guy in my group of friends so I got
it scroll the chant scrolled up channel
doe I'm that guy in my group of friends
so I feel deeper fighting sympathy for
his plight I don't I don't know how to
feel about that comment what is your
plane so in your group of friends you're
the one who's completely talentless I'm
just kind of there that's not true
we need you rich someone has to be in
front of the camera lord knows we don't
want to be by default somebody has to be
in front of the camera bad guys
okay I'm gonna use my superior tactics
marriage nope nope they're coming this
way
why do you come this way I went the
other way I ran the other way you idiots
here we go
here we go tactics superior tactic nope
but stop following me did you not do not
have the double Batarang upgrade oh
maybe maybe that wasn't so useless after
all jack maybe that wasn't so useless an
upgrade after all well let me sneak the
behind although going that way I know
they turn around they turn around cuz
they're big Jerky's oh here we go I can
get up I can climb finally not finally I
have to remember how to do all this
weird stuff like the like the battering
pole
we've got one like out I got a gun out
of some one of the guys that's something
I mean you know he's just picked the gob
you better punch him first then
okay I did it that was sloppy
as always but I see what you mean now
with like the combo turning orange oh so
then the thing turns orange and then I
can use a combo oh yeah you're you're at
the look the garden the bought the
botany garden and you just you just just
learned about the compost that's the
thing that just happened just now oh oh
there was a whole underground thing oh
wow
brick there was a whole underground
thing orig so that's probably how they
wanted me to do that instead of I said
the way I did Oh No
what's that what's happening what's
happening it's fine everything's fine
okay here we go
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
I am Batman
and I've got a bad plan
and that
you have a bad plan Batman usually has
good plans that's what I meant
[Laughter]
rich you're going to run for president a
sustained know who the fuck would ever
want to be president and that just
sounds like so much hair loss I know has
got to be the most stressful thing in
the world yeah
no no interest in being president not
not one little bit and you're gonna die
no I got it not a chance
I totally got it rich if you say so no
oh that's right they have their stupid
collars uh-huh
getting out of here okay I got to rich
you know you got a ways to go Jackie
yeah we used to go don't mean spilled up
so I don't said it but somebody as far
as presidency in the hair loss somebody
said well you may as well finish the job
Ridge hey you know what at least there's
still some infant you know I I'm okay
with the bald spot I've made my peace
with that obvious I'll be said that I
have no hair up firt yeah ring around
the head it's just an awful awful look
Hey
and I can't afford shaving my head cuz I
will look like Charlie Brown stole yeah
as long as I got some in front I'm okay
and you're so gonna die you're dead
actually you just died I just saw you
die yeah cuz you you've the only way you
know how to do the stealth is to kick
people and make a lot of noise which is
like the best possible thing you could
do I know I just got someone I I'm
trying a new tactic
yeah I think I got this okay if all
these tools at your disposal check like
you could you can use the explosive jail
jump at the top of a ladder and then
when they climb up you detonate the
jello and then they go flying off and
get knocked unconscious when they fall
into the the floor beneath them you
could sneak up behind somebody and do
the silent take down so they don't
instantly run to your location once they
hear a loud ticking noise haha Wow
things you could do in the stall that
you just well basically you just refused
to do refuse I refuse yeah I'm probably
gonna die again I got two down again so
that's something but you're going to die
oh yeah oh very very quickly by the way
I have very low health did you buy the
upgrade with theme the sonic Batarang
that lets you lure enemies ooh I did
like you could you could set up a trap
for somebody because when use that it's
always one the way it's programmed is
it's always one guy who goes to
investigating so you could you can like
separate somebody from the group with no
sonic battering like up in that top
section where there's nobody you can you
can set up a sonic Batarang and then
wait wait on what are the goggles then
as he walks under to check on the
Batarang that's when you do the inverted
takedown sure sure
that's a way to do it I think Think Like
a Prayer think like a predator
right I am working on it I am working on
I got two more down okay
so still can't believe I'm gonna make it
out alive
cuz the stealth in this game is not like
your traditional passive defensive
stealth where you just trying not to be
detected the design the stealth game is
it's kind of offensive sure no no and I
like that I like that about it they give
you an arena and I tell you to figure it
out this is part
part what I want to say is like part of
my issue with this is my issue with the
stealth miss game is it's way too
fucking easy to sit up on the car girls
and just jump down takes care of
somebody real quick then jump back up to
the argan oil that's my major issue and
that's mine when I play unless I wanted
to an inverted takedown for fun I
usually avoid going up to the gargoyles
entirely if I can help it sure you know
like I think what my I think what my
issue is no get out of cover is this is
once again a whole like playing in front
of people
situation and so I I feel a pressure to
keep moving
[Music]
you gotta climb up here uh-huh
Hannah oh did you dying I died that's
really one guy yeah how mad one fella I
thought I thought I could hop over the
thing and then drop down and and get him
but I couldn't do you have the the the
proximity detection explosive gel where
it just automatically blows up when
somebody's near it you don't have that
upgrade okay that's a fun one to use the
edge of a cliff
why are you hiding down there where
they're all gonna storm down in a second
hey why are you doing what you're doing
you see because I'm awesome I'm gonna
I'm gonna see you die is what I'm gonna
see no I got it I got another one
okay okay that's kind of good I like
that I like that I just thought yeah now
when you're down on the greats
be careful about doing that too close to
a body cuz there's a body to the ground
they will check in the grace oh sure
there's a body nearby yeah
yeah that was no surprise okay but not
not out yet no crap now mine you started
when you start hitting people that's
like that that makes everybody rush
right towards you yeah that noise will
make the guards come running yeah but
then I went up to the gargoyles and
someone heard me right away well good
you deserve that for for hiding up our
girls second in the chicken one cheap
cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap
cheap and the gargoyles because then you
get to hang them up that's fine this
time Street it's a why it's sometimes
true it's sometimes see is this
sometimes food
it's like Cookie Monster president of
space thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true
congratulations on your second term as
president of space to be fair on my mind
Oh death run this this is this is the
the spot I die dad okay isn't this isn't
the easiest room in the game I'm just
trying to figure out like other things
you can do
now I want to now I want to climb over
you know figuring out like a like we
talked about earlier like figuring out
the most efficient route to take down
these criminals is something that's
important to me here we go okay I got
this
this guy's gonna walk right here so Dan
Wilson or Don Wilson
you know what's it's both that's kind of
a joy it's both I don't know if I forgot
to halfway through the call or what just
a slip of the tongue I'm not sure what
it was but it's it's both I guess
[Laughter]
aisles are just wildlife reserves should
probably be Dan because Don Wilson is a
martial artist died the Dragon and the
dragon bull so yeah so it should
probably officially be damned
yeah okay I did it
I did it rich you need to stop this now
I saw that animation is too far then Don
Wilson Paul oh yeah that was beautiful
fun fun stuff oh I need to shut down
power to this room new objective shut
down power also like you have you have a
grappling hook and you have an area to
cross with like arches over it
you telling me I can't like I understand
for game I can't use grappling hook but
like come on this is clearly what what
are you grabbing the grappling hook went
out on you when you were halfway across
I need to be fucked sure I know
sure yeah yeah no what if wait how can I
climb this I probably don't want to
climb that
I don't yeah you figured oh I'm gonna
figure it out yeah what is your what is
what does the detective vision show you
nothing did you forget you have
detective vision hey that's a legitimate
question question well you see those
power lines running through there's
probably a yeah that's key there that's
wrong I just got me a Riddler trophy
where do those pipes go
get out of here they were pipes rich yes
they were pipe yes the pipes go to the
other door great Shan is bringing up the
Wing Commander movie I totally forgot
they made that a Wing Commander movie
yeah okay based on the wing your name is
Mark Hamill in the movie I know he's in
the games he's like the man character
uh-huh but I don't know if they I don't
know if they bothered to use him for the
movie which is kind of sad hahaha
they might not have been able to afford
him that's possible too probably not
true like what time or what era market
that's that's true too yeah
I had a I had a tumble build-up ah see a
good hip don't get yeah yeah wait
they're cheating the red guys they have
guns don't forget to use your combat
takedown for crying out loud
oh yes wait the Wing Commander movie was
directed like Christmas
he's the guy who actually made the games
like not the cutscenes for the games
like he designed the games sure that's
so weird
that's a very strange idea thanks are
you okay I did it I'm fine I eat Punk's
like these for breakfast that's the
worst I eat Punk's like these for
breakfast or the power controls you
don't know listen I know I don't
looks like something I should be able to
know good time um looks like Joker's
booby-trapped this control box this is
going to be tougher than before but it's
a risk I'll need to take Joker has
booby-trapped the control box I do not
as asking you jack did you watch the
good or the bad trailer of fury road
fury road yeah is there a bad trailer
I've only seen that first one they
released I remember liking it I'm
assuming that was the good one okay if
there's another one that's bad I am
unfamiliar with it I don't know if I saw
your answer I don't know about the robot
hand I think that's a bit a bit too
silly for me the robot arm what are we
talking about Mad Max fury road Oh is
the new Mad Max yes yes sorry I should
have been I should have been more
specific
you should have been more specific oh no
I had and I only saw the first trailer I
have not seen any new trailer
I know J's all pumped for it I don't
understand why he's all pumped for it
does he like a drill always sure I don't
know that I'm I don't know that I'm
super excited but the trailer look good
them I'd be willing to watch the movie
when it comes out yeah I want to see
guardians of the galaxy not every new
movie coming out looks like garbage sure
is asking if the bureau the XCOM the
bureau's onself that's worth buying no
it's it really it's called XCOM the
bureau but its ties to XCOM or minimal
it's basically just a dumb third-person
shooter so again no listen no I played a
little bit if you say so and you keep
saying that
I'm not sure it's true no I don't I
don't think the Batman would get hit as
often as you do I'm a reasonable
facsimile of the Batman I think
reasonable might be going a bit too far
[Laughter]
I'm sorry that's five sorry I'm not
great at this game
and I'm gonna have to be okay with that
[Music]
[Music]
this is neat I like this area I mean
like the big tunnels
okay neat area you know what I've
noticed about Arkham Asylum not the game
but like the the The Asylum itself sure
what lots lots of caves lots of weird
library like areas very few jail cells
the the jail cell to cave ratio is just
completely fucked up and it's no wonder
that prisoners keep breaking out of a
prison that's just riddled with caves
leading to the surface how does the
Joker keep escaping I don't know which
tunnel to use this time hey I saved this
guy I don't get to talk to him
it's fine
isn't Arkham supposed to be modeled
after Alcatraz then will there be more
walls and cells and you were writing
caves right right yeah Alcatraz is just
a prison it was nothing it was nothing
before it was a prison okay I don't care
about Poison Ivy's backstory I just want
to pick up the tapes what time is it how
late are we good yo kruseman are all
wearing the security colors I'll need to
take out the operator first this seems
like a big section coming up we'll sit
you know what we'll save this for
another time for another all right yeah
you know what yeah I'm glad I could make
it in to save the stream me too I was
dying so much rich I was doing so bad at
bat man okay well goodbye everybody good
night thanks for coming out thanks to
all the new subscribers thanks to all
the old subscribers and thanks to
everyone else who just came out we
really appreciate it
yep
