Episode 236
Zone in your Enders 2 (Part 1)
April 10, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II-Q3PAl5P0
___________________________________________

[A] can you explain I would love to what is
going on
I would love to what have you done to us
I would love to explain what's going on
I am i I like new technology I I like I
like things you know when I like you
know the the latest and the greatest
things and so we we I got a new capture
device the elgato the old one it didn't
work too well on Macs and you streamed
from your Mac right right well and and
we we also were thinking about using it
to capture like VHS is and other
strangers and sure and in general the
Hodges software wasn't something the
hop-on just software wasn't up to snuff
for me it was working fine um it wasn't
working 100% you can you having my
laptop so I see you for streaming I have
your diagnostic laptop I don't even know
if we're streaming is is diagnostic
laptop yep um is there a way I can check
if we're streaming I wonder you can go
to the website website if the stream is
streaming right but you know we still
have the old capture card and my
computer's not a Mac that works just
fine in my computer right it works just
fine
yes stream with it the other day we we
played Maximo we played vanquish written
Frank perfectly I have no hitches on
either of those streams so you know we
get here today it's getting to be close
to stream time sir I sorry I grabbed the
old one I brought it with no I'm gonna
stream I'm gonna streams on the
understood no no no I got I got this new
card yeah it is one percent more
efficient it is not 1 percent more
efficient one percent more efficient 45
minutes jack has been like installing
and uninstalling strange saw
we're on my solid-state hard drive
that's kind of small to begin with him
because it's solid straight now it's
gotta it's got a limited limited number
of right times is there's just stalling
shit uninstalling it left and right
reducing the lifespan of my hard drive
by years yeah by years and what's what's
our current status jack are we running
what no no not even not even close the
second runner is that updating updating
this room ok great uh no we're not even
close
we're not even close because so uh Wow
I've got my own capture card it's
sitting right next it's got all of the
cords fucked into it where they need to
be no I really you know I really just
need to plug it into the back of the ps2
it's true it's true ok so here's here's
my here's my explanation so yeah all
you're seeing right now is the color
bars and you're hearing us which i think
is great you know so the way the old
capture card works
oh the hodge HPR whatever PVR HD ever is
you have to open up the ha pod capture
window and then in open broadcaster make
a little capture box to capture the
window and so you have two programs
running well that's one extra step well
well but not only do you have two
programs running like your capture
window is not always the same it's
there's a latina there's there's more
moving parts right because the hot pod
capture software isn't the smoothest I
think blank screen and so with the
elgato OBS recognizes that as a pure
video input device so you don't need
another program running you don't need
another point of failure and here's the
real important part I was using it on
Windows this afternoon while we were
playing blood-borne and everything
worked fine everything worked fine on my
computer but when we try to get it to
work on Rich's computer app
woman happens and so that's the thing is
it recorded perfectly through OBS no
other programs needing to run you get
nice crisp video takes up the full
screen it looks nice everything is great
except for on Rich's computer I'm trying
to analyze this I think I think we may
have gone wrong by setting this up 40
minutes before this stream but it worked
so well for me earlier it works without
a hitch earlier we recorded all of our
gameplay this afternoon using this menu
you do these things early so in any case
so rich thought it would be funny if we
were just streaming a blank screen so we
could start technically on time ish and
now we need to hook it all up through
the old capture device because it's just
it's just not working and here's the
real here's the really weird part is you
can hit listen to this now that's the
sound that the ps3 is making now for
some reason the screen yeah but the
sound that's the sound that is coming
out of the TV right now through your
capture device through my cat
in any case so now rich wants me to hook
it up live as as penance you got this
Jack you know what you're doing well
you're on this side of it okay so I'm
hooking up are you are you gonna try and
get the new one to work
what do you wonder we need to hook up
the old one we need to hook up the old
one cuz the new ones not working do you
know why I thought you I thought you
thought you knew why I thought okay so
now you're unhooking the elgato which is
it I'd like the elgato capture it works
great so why are they starting so early
uh rich wanted to start early and we
sweep like that for hours as a home we
can we keep going on until midnight or a
little bit earlier since we got oh okay
so what now the old capture device is
all hooked up in a bit you know some
time failure is always an option and it
happens sometimes some you know you just
you try something new and that's the
price you pay for trying something new
it's it's it's very funny it's very fun
it's the curse of the wolf I think
you're right
what you got here is a blood-borne not
very good one at that no I don't know
what that's from but it's funny
ah all right so now we open up oh it's
been a while since I've used the hull
pouch how about you how about you
capture see you got this like big gunky
thing on your it's big donkey rich okay
we need to play a game I agree but you
know it's on this tiny screen it's gonna
mess with the quality or something
people want to see game people people
want to see game people will be seeing
game in in mere moments people will be
seeing game maybe because the Hauppauge
capture is and is taking its sweet ass
time because it's the and by the way the
the elgato capture software is equally
as wonky I'm sure that it's both both of
the the proprietary software is wonky
which is why I liked going through open
broadcaster even for just recording
stuff if anyone was around earlier we
accident I accidentally streamed for two
seconds that's great but see we're still
waiting for component videos they know
it the only one but I was trying I was
trying something new
we're nerding we need to give ourselves
more time to do this shit we do know 10
minutes before the stream is probably
nothing best time to check audio levels
you get you get it the studio an hour
earlier that like we were we were here
all day week everything's fine start
streaming in your streaming and you know
you're good okay well you work on this
I'm gonna work
we are rich wanted to scream my failure
that's great
oh there look Jack I got to working in
like a minute
I hate well it was far less than a
minute I got it working I think it
literally took me five seconds it
literally took me five seconds which is
making me drink beer pressure I'm having
serious issues
did you pop out the chat already do I
need to refresh the screen Jack where
did the check on the channel the chat
has vanished yeah that's that's fair
okay that's fair
well that's what I'm asking you where do
you want where do you want to try set
you up with your microphone so people
can hear all the things that you have to
say or not say
which was invented so look at a blank
screen and here people this is why
people want like a camera on us what
what sub did we miss
now that we know we're having technical
problems and we're not really seeing the
chat because we're trying to get the
stream running but since the most
important thing in the world is to
announce each and every subscriber who
did we miss hey what did we miss us I'm
gonna hold off getting the stream set up
until you tell me who I missed because
everyone's bitching about it the jet
we're all waiting we're all waiting for
you to let us know so I can say it out
loud because apparently the whole chat
already knows who it was because they're
richer deponent totally not Jake thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
totally subscribers are special miss
that still sounds like sarcasm yeah
I can't I can't tell when you're sincere
or not my good friends no I know you're
being sarcastic
what Oh
okay so what big important controversial
thing oh that's right you need the the
new oh is that okay we had to update all
of the the jams the jimmies oh yeah I
got a message about that yeah we got
they got hacked or something so there is
a new this is not letting we shrink this
window after letting this shrink this
window left or right letting me

[B] 

[C] 

[D] 
