Episode 237
Zone in your Enders 2 (Part 2)
April 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt-bm6rdb2o
___________________________________________

look we didn't know Cynthia Rothrock and
you know like we're JJ's really the Jade
jay-z is the b-movie aficionado he is he
is the cultivator you I'm something like
it generally amongst all of us you are
the the king of the b-movie you know
like this is the B movies really your
passion that's true where the rest of us
all enjoy them
okay but so it's like you know someone
is mentioning again they're shocked that
we didn't know with Cynthia Rothrock was
oh yeah but but that's don't you see
that that's the problem why don't we
know because she was awesome
did Josh Josh probably yeah he was at
least aware of her but that's right yeah
Johnny
Josh is is right below J mmm I mean no
one could be above James there are
people in there no one that I know but
you know she was great the stunts in
that movie were amazing and I'm shocked
I had never seen it like in Saturday
afternoon movie theater that's where
I've seen all my bad movies like
endlessly on channel 18 so we get of B
movies yeah I just read that they their
first season two of Fargo the Fargo TV
show which is really good Ronald Reagan
is gonna be a character in it okay he's
gonna be played by Bruce Campbell Bruce
Campbell is Ronald Reagan clearly the
eighties Ronald Reagan era at least the
second season I don't remember when the
first season took place it took place
after the movie and the movie was early
90s it took place I know it took place
earlier
yeah I thought that was interesting
that's really oh no and by the way the
tomb worse than things I've been very
vocal about my hatred wait the worse
things the worst thing this is amazing
here's your here's your choice for me
what is so great you are forced to watch
one again I can't your your force you
have to you have to you're gonna say
things it's gonna be bad yeah cuz at
least stuff happens in oh my god
the tomb is beyond insulting again I was
not exaggerating when I called it a
personal insult that movie that movie is
a straight-up scam you should take the
good episode to sit out on right have
you ever seen Bubba hotep yeah good i
watch like the first five minutes
couldn't finish it you only watch five
minutes ten maybe give it more time ya
know I like that movie yeah alright yeah
Bruce Campbell's great in it
I saw someone mention him he's like I
tried you know like cuz it's the
premises he's Elvis in a retirement home
fighting the mummy fighting a mother and
a mummy that feeds off the souls of the
this old folks you know rest home now
because they're too weak to fight back
right yes they're old that's great and
he plays the real Elvis - faked his
death so he could live like he switched
places with an Elvis impersonator oh the
Elvis impersonator that really not
gotcha yeah have you ever seen Irish I'm
not oh good a little anti-climactic but
it's more about the the mood
the whole movie than anything sure sure
giving him maybe I'll put it on the
lists all right low on the list I'll put
the bottom on snow right be comedies
usually but I know Bruce Campbell but
still yeah because it's it's not like
like overly wacky or anything like
there's there's humor but it's very
subdued do you mean like a b-movie
like a horror thing that's also a comedy
I'm sure yeah no it is I mean there's
like independently make comedy usually
clerks
yeah I'm just friendly I'm trying to
think of like what level where it's like
like you know early suck her brother's
you know that was even the early Farley
Brothers like first time in dumber was
it was a no budget movie
well the street wasn't like
straight-to-video right right why not I
can't think of an example of like a
straight-to-video good I know there are
some my brain is not working right now
trying to think of titles they don't
stick out like like the bad action here
because the end of their pride is
passable no yo that is passable movie
yeah I'm sure like cannibal the music Oh
cannibal great I haven't watched that a
long time yeah or Orgazmo yeah excellent
examples
yes I'm like Sean of your dad was very
low-budget buddy that got a bigger
releases night yeah I look at that as a
higher caliber than yeah then cannibals
music
a bad taste was made for 10,000 New
Zealand fun books taste was shot on
weekends over the course of like four
years was it yeah Jackson that Peter
Jackson he knew what was up have you
ever seen Dead Alive
fuck yeah oh that's it oh I mean that's
great little boobies great yeah yeah we
gotta say it's probably the goriest
movie I've ever seen I mean spoiler
alert
a man straps a lawnmower to his chest so
he can run for a house full of zombie
creature things it's awesome oh my god
I'm just remembering bits of the movie
now like when the mob turns into the
thing and oh yeah man I need to see
Reseda and that's a thematic thing too
it's not just some like weird or thing
or you know it's bogum it's down it
means something yeah
Oh Peter Jackson he's got the four sound
B's his mom included at the dinner table
and there's three zombies and then the
ear falls off into the pudding into the
custard and the guys yeah if anyone has
not seemed that alive go stop watching
this right now and go watch it sure you
don't see the I don't even know if it's
available anymore
are rated cut that is horrendous when I
was hacked out all the gory yeah oh how
awful that's yeah that's dope like that
movie is excessive yeah I watched it one
son I think I bought the VHS copy of it
not realizing it was the cut version and
it was like 15 20 minutes short of like
and it made no sense cuz it wasn't like
they tried to edit it in a way that had
any sort of flow they just cut out the
gourd and it was almost like an
experimental that's terrible
yeah I think I think I want that not
knowing what it was oh really I was just
like in a zombie phase and it's like you
know the goriest bill they're gonna yeah
I'll walk to that blew me away
I love the babies baby Salman little
zombie baby as the apartment takes him
to the park and he's got in the New York
he's whacking it against like the swing
[Laughter]
you know what I have never seen these
beetles no Josh refuses to rewatch meet
the Feebles
like that movie makes them sick yeah
that makes me wanna lie I only saw it
once I don't know why I didn't revisit
that the way I did they play dead alive
I watched dead alive a lot when I first
discovered it oh deadlines I mean Dead
Alive is fantastic I'm sure meet the
people's has sellable quality I don't
know why I just never
I remember the VHS ad supercut thing J
played on the stream that was awesome oh
yeah Memorex Memorex yeah that's great
it's on Vimeo go watch it yeah that and
they did another one called skinemax yes
thunderpants is not the best movie and
best of the worst
as far as just being quality no so we're
good yeah I didn't I actually I did not
see thunder prints I was just thinking
of something like extra ice crows great
I think I'll take underpass let's yeah I
suppose I'm not a big horn right right I
love dextro your town is nextstep senior
asks this question a couple times
Mike edited the last best of doors and
he'd probably cut out that scene because
he's at your town is asking why the
one-liner at the end of the fight seemed
undefeatable oh it's some sort of ie
pond yeah maybe we didn't make any jokes
because the episode was like 2 hours
long that's a lot also that it's because
you can't show the movie in the entire
in this entire do you have to cut out
such a small bit they're all small bit
they're all small bits in they head out
yep that's the magic of editing in the
tree yeah you can just watch it that's
it yeah that's the thing that whole
fight scene is pretty pretty famous so
I'm the youtubes it's so great that
fight scene so it's so ridiculous and
again like we talked about in the
episode like so out of place with the
rest of the movie because all the rest
of the movie had these like kicks and
flips and stunts and then literally the
fight is just two men like hugging each
other right
that's what that's what I'm saying it
was out of place in the movie which made
it extra weird
dr. mayonnaise rich talked about doctor
managed a lot and a lot of that guy yeah
a lot of it got done I mean doctor
managed was there it was a major
character in the film but just at the
end of the day the film was not worth
talking right right yeah I remember and
we filmed the discussion you guys are
basically just saying the same things
over and over but I boring it is so yeah
just trim it all down
so saying sometimes after things get
intense you just got to hug it out
that's exactly what happened at the end
of undefeatable two dudes who've been
fighting a cop and a rapist murderer you
know there's just I don't know if there
will be I see someone asking for an
outtake for that and so there probably
won't be a need oh it's boring like a
lot of yeah things get cut for a reason
yeah if if it's good you will see it
well yeah like Jay said a lot of times
one word in the discussion we just end
up saying the same thing slightly
different yeah and then you just choose
the best way we said it and
that's a weird question telecom it's
weird enough we're all answers who's my
favorite celebrity chef gordon ramsay
gordon ramsay is pretty good gabi Gordon
Ramsay Alton Brown I had the only person
I know is gordon ramsay gordon ramsay
great other chefs he's great but I don't
like his shows where he yells so all of
them no no he's at like he has just like
his cooking show which is just him
cooking his great oh I didn't know he
had a cooking show his I really enjoy
his non American restaurant rescue Oh
Kitchen Nightmares the yeah he's a lot
more subdued before it became like an
American it's funny atcha if you watch
what I was like a the original show and
then the American back to back it's like
you can really tell where like the
American reality show producers got
their hands on it it's terrible and like
the briefs version or whatever channel
it's on there wherever it is like it's
so beautiful he actually like takes time
and talks about like what makes things
nice yeah like what they're doing wrong
he's very specific he's very meticulous
but that's all the American shows is
just yelling and it's it's it's awful
and every episode has the exact same
structure yes like it's this every
episode is the same thing yes yes but
sometimes I do like watching them yellow
people though it's relaxing soothing I
like I don't like I don't like Hell's
Kitchen
I've never watched I make his scrambled
eggs
his scrambled egg up and he taught me
how to make the best scrambled eggs how
do you make these scrambled eggs no okay
it's actually toughest shit okay instead
of making them in a pan make them in a
pot rubber spatula a little bit of
butters and then you literally never
stop stirring them to the point where
when they're done they're not gonna look
like scramble you think scrambled eggs
should look like think about like meats
like medium rare versus well done right
you're making your eggs almost
medium-rare where they're soft they're a
little creamy and they're not they're
not fluffy and dry they're soft and
they're creamy and when you have them
the correct way it will blow your mind I
will look into this because I eat eggs
every morning yes I eat eggs every
morning as well and I've moved on to
hard-boil ins just cuz they're a little
easier to prepare like I prepare ahead
of time a little faster cuz that's the
thing wrong come you cannot leave your
scrambled are you constantly stirring
that you put them on the heap for a
little bit and you can never congeal
like they can never come together
hey come on keep stirring
we need a cooking show where you're
cooking other people's recipes it really
it really is it's great and then you
don't add salt beforehand that's the
thing you like they'll be done and
you'll think you like you'll want to
cook them more but you can't I am
they'll be firm but like creamy and oh
my god and then you put salt on it
afterwards I'm salt and pepper yeah on
it afterwards and it's a texture and a
taste like you can't believe okay
sounds like too much work for B food
it's a lot of work
eggs should still be cooking one you eat
them that's true that's a true of any
food like food is not done cooking as
soon as you take off the stuff there's a
little carryover but it's it's a it's on
YouTube it's scrambled egg Gordon Ramsay
scrambled eggs
he mate he puts like cheese and shit in
there and I don't do anything yeah no I
don't put anything names except
well I mean salt and pepper of course
but I also just recently discovered in
the spice section I didn't know this
existed ground jalapeno I sprinkle some
of that on there add some sriracha oh
it's awesome that sounds great yeah yeah
like a little bit of butter to start the
pan and that helps the cream butter
great for you
[Laughter]
that's our that's our egg discussion I
was there scrambled eggs discussed in
the chat they were saying hey it's not
every video game internet stream you can
learn how to make perfect eggs I
literally eat eggs every single morning
yeah and so making delicious eggs is
really important when that's what you
eat every day I really like yeah and
then so then what I usually do scrambled
eggs and then I make a big thing is
spinach you know frozen spinach just
heated up okay and then black beans oh
yeah
then after the eggs are done cooking mix
it all together so you get creamy eggs
that kind of like themselves around all
the spinach and beans you then put in
salsa verde that green with tomatillos
so sorry a little sriracha so then it's
like salsa sweet and savory and creamy
and delicious that's my breakfast almost
every morning fuck am I going to eat
tomorrow morning shit also that is not
necessarily true there is there has been
recent studies about eggs and
cholesterol yeah and there is no
definitive link between eggs and
cholesterol
well I eat egg whites anyway like I
separate I know that you don't I do i
scramble up its two egg whites and one
that's a that's that's fair but there is
there's no there is no link between a
high cholesterol diet and high
cholesterol this is a this is a real
thing if anyone watches a fantastic
youtube channel like healthcare triage
they they talk about
this is the thing that would like all
these studies about health it's like
every week there's a new study and every
week there's new results yes
try and eat healthy won't kill you
vegetables that's true just eat a
shitload of much unless of course they
they use pesticide then you're fine
you're fine
basically your fuck tomato Bobby because
I think he owned stock in the company
that made the other vaccines now and
that was it like especially tricky
because like he put out his his findings
and then immediately after everyone said
no these are none of these findings are
true but no one was listening to
everyone what's that bit where's it late
you know it's like if Google was a real
person and the lady asked Google yeah I
have 1 million results but say they
don't and I found one that says they do
and she grabs the one the pro measles
book because you don't want to vaccinate
against measles more radical is correct
it's probably just healthier to not eat
there's your solution just do that don't
eat anything
[Laughter]
no I really the basically the so it's
not high cholesterol its overall caloric
intake check-and-balance of room where
we're learning that like carbohydrates
are probably what's causing most of high
cholesterol and weight gain
yeah and so it's about balanced
vegetables protein press carbon some
curved lines which it's weird we're
learning that common sense is a thing
you should eat a wide variety of foods
empty carbs and fucking love empty carbs
I love carbs in general the only empty
carbs I really get her is the mirror
yeah I don't drink that hardly at all
anymore that's the thing I love carbs is
why I can't happen because I carbs and
cheese two favorite things so I don't
which Stan says I only eat rocks and
glass it's vegan that's technically true
well depending on what's on the rock
space Comeau thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate pizza is the
perfect pizza is the perfect food all
beets is great you get dairy with the
cheese you get vegetables with the sauce
you get some some light carbon get thin
crust because then there's not it's not
as carbon tax and you know if you want
to up the protein just get all the meats
[Laughter]
there's a really amazing pizza place
they have a pizza called meat talakad oh
yeah it is three kinds of pepperoni two
kinds of sausage and two kinds of ham
and bacon
it's the most glorious thing it's
beautiful it's beautiful get one slice
of it every two years and that's all I
eat that's that's it about 13 months 13
months left and I get to eat I have
another slice I'm really looking for I
just hope they stand it your town is
next I I think in general it is illegal
to mail liquor people have done it
people have sent us beard
but if you package it well enough yeah
they probably won't check right wrap
tons a bubble wrap around it tons of
bubble wrap I think though technically
it is illegal I have no idea I've never
looked into it so therefore I'm not
saying you should send us beer or liquor
I'm not saying you should send us beer
or liquor I wanted to be very clear
about that
thank you our same is that people have
jack what are you not saying I'm not
saying you should send us beer and
liquor how's the military situation
you're not saying that you should send
us beer and liquor
[Laughter]
I don't know if I
I don't know it's that's why I can I
have no idea that's why I cannot condone
it fight and your light your right
loving loving life whoo
oh I'm sorry Meisner you're right
Meisner I am an expert on how good
packages look even more so and it's
associated with Randy Quaid
yes
oh my god wrap your beer in a thick
layer of pizza
actually no that would be real gross no
but that was very funny oh yes Janki oh
I did get that tweet about the TIE
fighter animation written do you see
that no someone made a like 80s anime
inspired TIE fighter cartoon based on -
II will watch it you know we'll watch it
later
it'll make sure rich watches
rich Evans murders hobos it is okay to
drink beer by 6:00 p.m. be cool about it
one maybe two like one or two glasses
like yeah they can be bigger glass for
glasses
so maybe that's three Bob but I mean
you've already gotten rid of half of
your six-pack so I mean you might as
well just finish it off otherwise you're
gonna drink more of it tomorrow you're
cleaning up basic yeah yeah so maybe you
know what's that they think that it's
ridiculous how many cuts things there I
know I know I think they're good they're
fine even sounds great sure the subject
matter is far more ridiculous but the
way they handle it is so much better
it's it's funny because I know people in
the chat have often asked if you watch
an animation this is this is dis anime
this is anime that you want when you
play with a robot it's a lot of the
anime tropes but they managed to handle
it in such a way hmm the tone is just
just right that I can appreciate this no
no I think that's fine that's fine
that's fast there's a lot of hard
science fiction in this universe okay
sure
like the people who live on Mars they
are just naturally weaker and have poor
bone density than the people from Earth
they pay attention to hard science other
than the weird technology that makes the
flying robots sure whether you have to
have some fun yeah no I'm it looks fine
it looks very fun you know what it
almost reminds me like the action of
vanquished but you're flying instead of
slice oh you know this
makes you feel like you're floating
sheriffs like triangle makes you float
up you feel you play this game you feel
like you're floating oh that's neat yeah
that's great try for a bit if you want
you know what I'm fine I hear my real
problem is I don't want to play it
because I still have blood-borne in my
brain and I don't want to relearn it
yeah what yeah the cutscenes are a
little crazy but I just don't you know I
know oh no and you know I'm not I don't
want you to be pressured into skipping
cutscenes no pressure right Phoenix
Phoenix has a very important question
for your attendance rich does not enjoy
your running hag I do I do but you're
not shooting spikes you're not starting
yeah rich and I played rich and I filmed
us playing blood-borne this afternoon we
I mean we each maybe got an hour and a
half two hours yeah places so we'll take
it home we'll play it that that's the
next episode you guys know that we
probably won't stream it just because to
to fold two reasons why we won't stream
it one when we streamed a very similar
game we had a bad time because of youth
and so we want to go in with a clean
slate
for review sings and and to you know we
don't want to we don't want to spoil any
of the review you guys don't care about
that I'm sure but more so I want to make
sure that when we play it it's not it is
very different playing a game while
streaming while talking to us here while
talking to you it's very different so I
want to make sure we give it as good a
chance as possible
because you know that's what because
we're professionals you know what it's
true it's very
there's not enough Ford's isn't there
one for my god all over the place
oh I think they're bluffing oh there's a
there's an axe there's a cane and I
didn't use the other thing but I thought
the other thing was the port I know rich
like 40 looks like it doesn't wait for
it
you know what I don't even buy one I'm
not a fan of me they don't like them if
I have a weapon in the game I usually
don't pick afford what about real light
though I think I would be bad with a boy
yeah let's say let's say you can only
have a male a big hunk of iron with
spikes on ultimately in a real life
situation yeah I want to not die right
that's a bit I'd leave us I've been
trained to use the weapon I want to play
it as safe as I possibly can can I main
the shield but that's my weapon that's
just a big a shield to shields on the
front one in back yeah like a turtle
[Laughter]
sure yeah if there was like a longer
crowbar I think I feel like a crowbar
doesn't have the reach because that's
really important in a real fight I don't
want to be anywhere near anyone else
well sure
that's why I think like if if I could
choose just any weapon it wouldn't be a
machine gun it would be a sniper rifle
like if I could become really great at
one weapon it would be the weapon like
I'm saying I'm saying this in this
magical universe where I get to be good
at one weapon right oh good you're
actually good yeah all true I have to
begin a war
yeah I want to be I don't want to snipe
at all because it's kind of boys yes and
video game I'm gonna shotgun in your
life I want a sniper right yes
no that I assumes we're talking about
real yeah a jack for turtle factor
absolutely I want to be the one that
doesn't get hurt
I can only assume this is meant for Jay
Jay can you stop making space cop and do
the sequel to pork pork in space instead
yes okay I start production tomorrow
great there was a running joke back when
we were making pork Parkin space for the
sequel to it would be pork Park and
space in space where the movie the
physical movie goes to outer space I
never got farther than that was there it
was there a pork pork yeah pork parking
spaces technically Seagal was a movie
called so we did for that called pork
pork about a man who had this weird
deformity where his foot was a cat and
great and he's tired of his foot being a
cat so he goes to the hardware store and
he buys a hacksaw and he cuts it off
throws in Denali a young lady finds it
discovers it and the cab becomes her
best friend and then when he sees how
happy the two of them are together he
misses the cat he tries to get it back
from her no he doesn't they'd be
compromised to come back at me oh it
will be spoiler alert I tried to
remember this is even on my youtube
channel or not I think it might be no
what happens is they they cut it in half
and then they're in the foreground and
they're arguing about who gets which
half and as they're doing that the
camera kind of zooms past them to the
cat and the cat just like melds itself
back together special-effects high
school era eg this was in high school
this was later but this oh it was just a
stuffed cat like I'd be interested in
redoing it and we're making like trying
to get like a realistic look like it was
just something we slapped together
anyway for fun oh is this on the archive
DVD no poor parking spaces but pork pork
is not because
I would have to re-edit the other thing
for music reasons something we did for
the hell of us but ever seen parking
space are you sure that's it's not
really the only connection is thought to
main characters from pork pork are in it
not as themselves but oh they're saying
it is on your YouTube according to dick
neutral pork pork pork pork isn't is on
Jesu too
close attention I paid in my youtube
channel oh my god you're so wrong
san gyro Tsubaki says Jack mushrooms and
pepperoni are the best pizza topping
explain to the stream why you are
incorrect mushrooms in what pepperoni
no no pepperoni sucks in general
pepperoni is the most generic like pizza
topping ever Bridge has a pizza we're
hanging out with a osteoporosis dance
ladies gutter in their gut remain
nameless sure and we wanted to order
pizza okay
and me I like to play chess piece sounds
fun
yeah uh Betty
alright Betty insisted that it have
green peppers got a green pepper organic
remember I know you don't open Apple I
want pineapple and clean the pepper and
primer and and Canadian bacon and she
ordered all of this shit including
pineapple and Canadian bacon which is
fucking awful on a goddamn bleep oh no
it's the best favor pizza we're trying
to argue with her and she had to have
these things on her pizza and so okay we
got we got half and half we got half
with the pineapple and the Canadian
bacon and the green pepper and the
onions and the water was full and the
other half cheese pizza shows up Betty
ate the cheese the plain cheese pizza
mmm she didn't eat the heaven she
ordered she apparently she took us like
a bite decided it was terrible she's
that that poor Linda wanted what a bitch
yes that's pretty terrible
yes that's my pizza topping story did
anyone call her out on it didn't I took
the sacrifice I let I let Linda have my
section of the cheese and I you ate the
gross discuss disgusting pineapple bacon
and whatever the fuck else that was
pineapple and Canadian bacon is a nice
pairing I like that pizza the sweetness
the salt and saltiness together with the
cheese no that's a good the Hawaiian
pizza is fine yeah
see right up I'm not saying it's my
go-to but I think it's a fire oh it's
great I think I've had it with those two
toppings and green peppers I want to say
I have I don't know what the situation
would have been that seems weird but I
feel like I have like the slight spice
and tang of green pepper seems like it
would throw off the balance okay whole
game pauses and you get really here's
here's my go-to you know like I like a
wide range of pizzas
I enjoy lots of pieces there this really
fantastic pizza place that I go to has
an amazing belly and fried egg pizza oh
my god egg and pork belly and then it's
like it's like an overeasy egg so the
yolk drips all over the egg it's
delicious but my go-to is tomato and
bacon okay little a little sweetness
from the tomato saltiness from the bacon
tomato bacon that's my go-to and so that
is what I would consider the best pizza
not in any way shape or form mushroom
and pepperoni no mushroom and sausage I
would have said is acceptable sure
that's a nice bear yeah
why is Nessa Tate a big deal because
rich says funny things sometimes and
Mike likes to point it out Mike edited
that episode so he wanted to point out
that rich messed up a word well that was
more than just pointed out like that was
yeah that was pretty obvious that was
that was Mike because if you'll notice
in that episode like rich dated a couple
times and eventually got it right so he
could have just added out that entire
Nessa no you never did get it right and
it just didn't happen yeah pressures on
at that place I see Nessa Tate oh thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated I didn't do a thing that I
found this funny it ended up getting cut
out but because rich leaves and you guys
continue talking for a while so I'm my
camera angle I had the angle that was on
I was coming the mic and rich angle haha
I just zoomed in on the empty chair so
like as you guys are talking you just
cut to this empty chair but it didn't
end up idling
think telly on I think we're talking
about this before worst jobs I've had
many jobs kind of think of weird job
stories I like I've had weird Jones
you've had nothing but weird jobs you've
got all sorts of weird things stories
tonight geez rich has a job in pieces
art go okay and I just happen to be
we're talking about me and one of the
other boys talk about what the best
locally right sure manager California
he's friendly they have shitty
California this he chimed in on what
good pizza was he said never he had
Domino's Pizza have you ever had those
pizzas in the Chicagoland area because
we know it's crap we've heard of them
sure sure you know I I went to this
great little Italian place who live
guard on the family owned joint there's
a an office episode where Michael
Scott's going to New York City and these
lots of try real New York Pizza so he
goes to that's his authentic New York
Pizza I'm sorry if we missed you leave
fattiest Scott I apologize if we missed
you but thank you for subscribing we
very
that's a good piece yeah I think that's
good that's important I don't know if
I've ever talked about my job as a
dispatcher speaking of just weird jobs
for a while I was a dispatcher for a
local short range and logistics company
which is neon courier service yeah I
need this package to go here in
announced right which was an immensely
fun job because it was like a video so
so basically it was my job to tell what
drivers want to pick up and when it
needed to be where and it was really fun
organizing them around the city like oh
you have to you know if we if we have
you pick up this you get on the way you
can pick up this and then drop it off
here and it's a nice little line you
trying to keep your drivers happy you're
trying to keep your customers happy and
you're trying to make sure that because
all the drivers were independent
contractors so they could at any time
say no to any delivery but and you know
some of the customers were okay with
deliveries being late and so you know
you kind of have to learn the plone
keeps drivers Cathy keeps customers
really great experience the only problem
was I needed to be to work at 5:00 a.m.
and not like at work I needed to be
working and so it was 5:00 a.m. to 1:00
p.m. was my shift okay so I handled all
the early morning deliveries which was
which was great except for the fact that
I could never do anything I couldn't go
out yeah that would fuck up my whole day
I think you're often like one and you're
like now what exactly and everyone else
I knew was either at work or at school
doing something it's like well like what
call to do now yeah and then when they
were all off work I needed to go to bed
yeah
your game better since I've been cutting
because you matter
and for I saw the question of asking how
many people are usually behind the
scenes during a best of the worst
filming by varies sometimes one
sometimes two oftentimes none most of
the time the answer is zero if we're
lucky there's an extra person who can
make sure that the microphones are in
kuching out but believe
Rebecca we did the wrote or episode and
we had to reshoot the entire discussion
because there was just no sound we have
to talk about wrote ever twice and we
did we did it shocking yeah yeah it's
cuz it's so like the way we do those
it's so spontaneous the discussions so
to go back and redo an entire discussion
of three movies or more with that one
because that was the one where we watch
more movies yeah yeah to redo all that
that's amazing
that it actually kind of worked yeah
yeah so rich yeah what would you say is
the draw for this game what's what what
are they why should people play the zone
of the enders super fast paced action
okay but more so the second one second
one is we burn at least as far as
gameplay actually goes yeah this one
well like you said it seems like
movement is incredibly intuitive yeah
and and so that immersion level of you
just being a flying robot you feel like
you're flying you feel like you're
flying planning this game I love that I
love all the axis of movement I think
that's great and that's what you need in
a flying mecha and would yeah you're not
like going up and down automatically
based on targeting whatever your your
your your control
upper-case CCC the only time we've ever
lost a best of the worst episode of what
Jay was talking about we're like we had
all the video of us doing the discussion
but the audio decided there's some sort
of glitch right cuz I only you know we
always test the audio make sure
everyone's getting levels and stuff but
I don't know if it's like multiple
microphones died I don't remember what
the situation was but it was an earlier
it was one of the early ones in there is
one lost episode that wasn't the famous
Memorial Day episode that was real day
incident lost but that is it was
scrapped it's great yeah be thankful
that was fair to everyone who is now
going to ask for that episode to be
released no matter what yes no no you
don't want it
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh people are saying they also like the
first one they wish it was short but
yeah I love the first one I do yes if
you're gonna start the series second
ones on business sure you you think the
combat is better than this I do okay
was it was the first one also on ps3
this one is pull this thing of my
knowledge it's the clutters kind of
thing oh okay oh they were ps2 games
yeah okay if you buy any collector's
edition get it for ps3 and make sure you
download the hash somewhat someone
famously never when this first came out
like breaking and breaking things sorry
the ring rate was terrible Oh 30 frames
it was just terrible it was so bad that
Hideo Kojima took it upon himself he
took his own team and they just made
their own goddamn patch for this
completely I'm involved with third party
that poured it over to oh god this
terrible we can't we can't we can't
accept this
and I don't think they did that on the
Xbox version so if you get the the
collector remastered Edition get it for
the ps3 and make sure you download the -
that's really good to know yeah
Johnny Jimmy Depp yes this is robot Jax
again look 100% is coming to blu-ray
thanks thanks screen factory there there
probably won't be anymore
Don or Dan Wilson segments percent
improv yeah that was just rich being the
genius that he is earning his wages
right there Don Wilson I got I got I got
his like we're gonna developers we're
gonna we're gonna cut up body parts and
we're gonna put them a dead ball nothing
we're gonna sell them this is a cure for
rabies okay cure for rabies
[Laughter]
oh yes and we've all seen the animated
version
oh yeah which is prank oh yeah it's
really funny what's very what's very
funny about that is the animator made
the same visual mistake that I did which
is a night which is when rich talks
about building platforms oh that's for
the cameramen to give you the POV of the
giraffe right yeah yeah which by the way
I'd never understood that Oh like
witches yammering on it's just like why
would the giraffes be on platforms for
the cameramen so it's from a giraffes
point of view right which I'm really
happy that the whoever animated that
made the same visual mistake I did which
is picturing the giraffe on the plant so
I wasn't the only idiot I can see how
that might not be cleared everybody
