Episode 238
Zone in your Enders (Part 3)
April 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swyKeFpPfc0
___________________________________________

yes and I agree basically whoever is
doing those animations and the prereq
animations we love them and we think
they're super funny we very very much
appreciated
oh god we should hire them to make care
boars to their whores - that starts
production tomorrow yeah right after
right after we do the free throw meeting
for pork pork in space in space yes we
start the pre pre pro meetings for care
boars - it's gonna be busy day tomorrow
basically the more yep yeah oh the
animated clop is one of my favorites
oh my god it's it's so spot-on
like I thought the other parts were
funny too like especially the cackling
as I was being decapitated that was that
was funny clever I mean FTL was all is
also a beautiful animation that flank
cannon whoa oh yeah because then you get
you get riches Ric Flair and there's
nothing better than that
yeah Quaffle cop is one of my favorite
segments
plegh of grapes a the platform's being
for the camera is stupid that's not fun
I agree I like it like I said when when
rich was saying it when I was watching
the episode I was picturing giraffes on
platforms it was just like I guess the
dreadful I get it now
actually I think I only understood it
after I saw the animation and I was like
that's really always the
[Laughter]
oh my god mr. plinkus be busting service
part two no no that won't happen not
even joking this was that like the first
time we did anything with Plunkett in a
really really long time
that's right and it was just an ad-lib
thing and it didn't work
yeah it was that and then I think we did
feeding frenzy shortly after that and
that was like the first maybe not
shortly I don't remember the timeframe
of anything because that was before they
even the first oh yeah that was well
before feeding frenzy wasn't until the
next gen year okay yeah maybe the year
in between
it is also hard I'm sure you plink it
when you have no material to work with
yeah let's just point the camera and say
action that's Mike Mike Mike does that
so all used scripts what are you talking
about
scripts buddy yep I don't know fall down
or something oh sorry is Zac no we are
we're not playing blood-borne no II
never said we were I know you might be
competing you know we played the order
while reviewing it but but we had
already played a bunch of it beforehand
and we kind of knew where that review
was going after playing I think we
played a good spot
five hours before we streamed it and it
had made up our minds five hours into
the eight-hour game whereas blood-borne
we played a little earlier today and and
still you know have not formed our solid
opinion of it yet so we don't want to
stream it because when we played a very
similar game on stream some assholes
ruined it for us
here's a question jack but because the
order 1886 is essentially a movie right
yes so what is worse that for the - okay
yeah
the tube is worse I'm given the choice
like you either have to replay the
entirety of the order or watch the tune
I would rather replay the order Oh watch
the tone yes - uh short tomb is much
shorter but wait and watch the - just
for lame yeah just really they then
you're saying that the tomb is better
[Music]
this is how I'm making my decision is
would you rather I'm playing the game
would you rather luckily you don't have
to do either of them I won't again yes
the real Quaid makes a very important
point Ridge which is prereq should not
review blood-borne because we have no
clue about games like that I think he's
saying because we're so bad at games you
should know before you play just like
before you see a movie you you know if
you're gonna like it or not yeah yeah
stop seeing those movies that you hate
but is the whole point to to experience
something and then explain your thoughts
on that thing you experienced I don't
know isn't that the point that's that
sounds almost like a like a conversation
about about a genre or media in general
then some people would have joined maybe
maybe buddy do or even don't like the
same things you do but you can still
take what we say about it and form your
own opinion like like signal my heroes
right sure okay I heard about that from
a Yahtzee review okay and he had some
negative things to say about the game
but just listening to what he said some
of that stuff sounded really interesting
sure I want to see this for myself
what am i hearing is true I discovered
it because of a a so-so review of it
yeah we're still giving enough
information to decide yourself
yeah that's so weird though it's
deciding for yourself well that's that's
the thing sometimes like
in the bag or like you know if we
recommend a movie or don't recommend a
movie it's really kind of irrelevant
we've just talked about the movie for 20
minutes like if it sounds like an
interesting movie to you even though we
didn't like it even though we don't
recommend it you should be able to make
that decision yeah
which which is the thing that I enjoy
about half in the bag and the thing we
try to do on prereq is we're more just
having a conversation and we're inviting
you to join in on our conversation about
games or movies or whatnot
and you know hopefully like you said we
give you all the tools you need to make
your own opinion yes I don't ever used
to say that the thumbs-up thumbs-down
thing was always sort of putting a
little bit of a curse for him because
it's like that's you're taking
everything he says and boiling down to
just that yeah like that's all you focus
on right it's the same way like it's
more it's more complicated man that's
just a simple you know like right that's
his way of expressing it in the most
simplest terms after a much larger
discussion about right which which is
why in general I am against number
reviews okay that's a big video game
thing how many out of ten having a five
oh yeah I hate that yeah I originally
wanted to do nonsense numbers for
pre-record yes 52 problems will be
something different with an entirely
different scale of numbers the only the
only issue is Conan does that bit for
clueless no I'm explaining through the
chat why
all right
you shouldn't feel bad for liking
fermitas I think there's a lot I think
there is good aspects to Prometheus and
I've always said that prometheus is a
fine sci-fi movie that falls part of you
that's how that's my feelings I'm
community it's fine got a lot of
problems
only is six that's pretty good if it
only goes up to six and starts at three
right I really dislike the number system
and because it's like two games can be a
completely different experience but get
the same number then people can like
ranked games based on the number it's
like no it's about something bigger than
right
it's about experiences you dillweed
[Laughter]
Oh Jay they're asking when the next
quicks cuts will be how tomorrow sorry
mom really that's great
discontinued no no I've just been so
fucking busy that kind of is like well
that's the least important thing that it
could be doing right because we know
that it's not a done no no I think I
only did like four and then it was like
we got space cop we got all these other
things a lot of space combat it's not
that it takes all the old quick ups
takes much time at all but it's still
like this time that could be spent focus
on other things it's still time
it's still time I would like to do you a
probably will do more at some point
good
what a good lot of people a lot of
people we're concerned about not even
really just supposed to ingest you
either I can do it it's basically
whoever wants to say something yeah I
almost did one for frozen oh that's
[Laughter]
right oh speaking of recently I remember
when when were you when we watched
frozen together cuz that's a normal
thing that adult males do one of the
things that you said about it was it
seemed like there was a ton of songs oh
yeah I felt like there was too many
songs too many songs I recently saw for
the first time in decades Mary Poppins
which by the way is two and a half hours
long is it really not exaggerated I
haven't seen that since I was a wee yes
it's very good but well here's the other
thing a nonstop music oh yeah ridiculous
music frozen is a musical there's only
one good song great you're crazy I guess
maybe that's the problem with the
president is it-it's not that there's
too many songs it's just that I didn't
like most exactly sure so it made it
feel like it was too many songs I have
oh I like to something else
well no love busy love is an open door
okay alright fucking Rock trolls or
whatever those are that stupid song that
was like this person's about to die
maybe you should stop with your fucking
song and help her now that was a bit
under that song bit unnecessary that
songs you know what other songs been
unnecessary the stupid snowman wanting
the summer song but we don't need that
oh yeah where did that where did that
even come from why do you want summer
yeah a musical number should help
forward the story like the motion come
to a complete halt for a music video at
least yeah we could talk about we can
talk about Mermaid Beauty Poppins cuz
it's just the length through yes and
it's like the the length and the story
is all over the place and it's it's and
the musical numbers the musical numbers
not only are is it back-to-back musical
numbers the songs themselves go on for
like eight minutes and like extended
dance like breakdowns and it's like I
don't fucking care about any of this it
actually made me want to watch that Oh
saving mr. banks yeah it finally it made
me want to see that because it seems
like there's a lot of darkness and oh
yeah Mary Poppins every Poppins
you're right they're just watching the
snowmen sing about summer they're just
standing sing about summer also why why
does he want summer what why is that a
thing
other than that's funny like he doesn't
realize so melt like his mojo closer
yeah but he's this fucking stoma how
does he even know summer is yes exactly
right it will it needs to further the
story or characterization and it
furthers his characterization but it's
dumb it makes no sense is there he sees
summer yes no doesn't even remember he
makes the kiss Achuar than ever I think
we do it's not like Bell was beginning
of the beauty of the beast singing about
wanting more out of fight yeah you know
yeah well she's also the main character
of the movie yes not some supporting
comical Envy like were there any musical
numbers in Beauty and the Beast that
were like completely revolving around
there's be our guest which is kind us
not just like them characters introduces
movie hasn't stopped to a halt hurt the
chandelier the humanistic chandelier to
sing a song about never it does in the
extended cut isn't true this is a real
thing is there even a human chandelier
in the movie I personally know in the
extended cut of Beauty and the Beast
there is an additional song and it's
like Christmas theme song it's very
strange and completely unnecessary they
added it for the
this is the thing I know because I did
this a musical shit but it was cut it
was cut from the theatrical release as
it should be right because it's
incredibly out of this area listen do
you have you have the option to watch
Justin theatrical cut you do okay you
have an option and that's the important
always give people an option George
Lucas to show it's coming
is that a confirmed thing now a blu-ray
yes I heard that there was talk of it I
don't know if anything was confirmed it
is confirmed no release date yet okay
you know these before over and by the
way it's money in the bank it has been
announced the original the original cut
of all free the original Star Wars
trilogy is coming to blu-ray is what
we're talking when was this confirmed
because I've heard stories about it I
want to say we can happen well they cuz
they haven't announced a date they've
just said yes they just Disney
officially said yes it's Disney
officials potential damage so you have
to stop the other two factions from
fighting before everyone dies
is that a shield or what was that blows
I think this thing there's a thing thing
is oh that's an arrow
I'm not lying to you I read this it's
real it's a real thing
original trilogy on blu-ray someone find
the confirmation form in link someone do
that no official release date yet but
like Jay said it wouldn't surprise me
actually you know what it might not come
before the theatrical release it'll
probably come right before the DVD
release those three and Episode seven in
a box set and then two years later when
Episode eight comes out there at least a
new box set had included now you're
talking this key free releasing it how
many times as people bought the original
Star Wars movies yeah I would do it I
would do it just to get the originals
just to get the originals in blu-ray
quality here's the real question though
who are they gonna have shoot first it's
the original that it'll just meet God of
course but they change that in the
theater like for the for the first
theatrical change that you the first the
special edition
no they choose a change time shooting
first for the first theatrical
re-release yeah the special editions now
this but no not the special editions
they change it before how you think
you're completely wrong when our
compiler I'm googling when when did they
change how you tune for the 97
specialization you're wasting your time
first I'm gonna believe you but
[Laughter]
check is wrong everyone say it you're
wrong
yeah I'm sure listen I'm sure I'm wrong
but if I if I'm if I'm confident in my
wrongness you guys get enjoyment out and
so he it's a win-win for me because
either I'm right and I get to say haha
I'm right or you guys get a good laugh
out of it
you guys have positively reinforced me
believing in my own stupidity is a real
thing I think the only thing that was
changed before the special editions was
they had an episode for to the opening
night Nick when he was in theater I just
Starbucks there might have been other
minor really - it's okay I'm here at the
Wikipedia page for Han shot first Han
shot first is a phrase referring to a
controversial change made to a scene in
Star Wars 1998 or 1977 in which Han Solo
Harrison Ford is confronted by the
Bounty Hunter Greedo in the most Eisley
cantina the change was made for the 1997
special edition re-release of Star Wars
and has since been altered twice more
yeah has been altered twice more they I
don't know about twice I know what they
did they shortened the length between
both of them shooting so it was almost
like they shot at the exact same time oh
really yeah that was Lucas's version of
compromising for the film's 2014
absorbers and it's worse dodge oh yeah
altering the film again so the shots
departed nearly the same time yep and
then for the 2011 blu-ray release the
shot of Han and Greenough firing at each
other was shortened by several frames
in a reddit interview with fans when
asked who shot first Harrison Ford's
Harrison Ford's reply was simply I don't
know and I don't care yes I've heard
that before
Harrison Ford's gone on to have like
this amazing career and do all these
movies I think he gives him fuck you
know the answers nope
I'm shot first was always a lyric race
to me because Han was the only one to
shoot in the original Berlin there was
no shooting first he just shot him wait
so in the friend the original Greedo
never she doesn't use I'm just shoot
someone to the table because he's an
asshole give me the time that's still
happening okay
you remember though the George Lucas
costume at the convention the costume
contest yeah oh yeah I played it safe
because that was a one-take thing hmm
but I originally wanted to go upstage
where's upstage I wanted to grab the
microphone and then say Greedo shot
first but your instincts were correct
[Laughter]
oh they have a little gift they have a
little gift of the of the recut too many
people have been killed I can't believe
how long this Wikipedia entry is it's a
big controversy on honcho well you know
it epitomizes everything that is wrong
with the the special editions like that
one moment epitomize with it okay I
think that's why I heard good things
about it did you see Kingsman I did not
the friend of mine did and he said it
was lower I've heard it's fun yeah yeah
when I first saw the trailer for it I
didn't know what the movie was it was
Colin Firth and he's doing all these spy
type things I'd be really funny to get
to the end of the title was the King's
Speech part 2 yeah here it's a little uh
it's it's correctly over the top yeah
that's what I've heard
mm-hmm I'm sorry that we've not seen it
yet
you're right Star Wars is a serious
business
it is and it is unfortunately or
fortunately Jack can we edit wiki to
show how wrong you were
I think that would be a redundant entry
to be like in 2015 a guy was wrong
a guy was wrong and checked Wikipedia to
to realize that he was wrong about a
thing he said that probably wouldn't
stink so I was I would say don't bother
that's what Wikipedia is for is is to
check your facts
so
like I said it's a win-win for me either
I'm spectacularly right which which
never happens it might happen one day
like one day it's gonna happen I'm gonna
be confident and correct and you guys
gonna be like what but in most other
situations hopefully you guys get some
entertainment out of me being
I don't know what Star Wars rebels
cartoon yeah so I guess the answer's no
I have nonsense don't care not the
biggest Star Wars fans in the world ends
of the original movies yes that's where
it ends for me yes
not necessarily I'm almost few the games
sure you know I really like the
battlefront games plenty those oh and
those are for those are really fun yeah
but you don't have to please come
troopers you play very nice it's I I
think those are just the perfect amount
of fan service where they create the
battles from the movie they can be
ordered they don't have to be doctor
killed the cats thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I thought the battlefront game for fun
there just there's so many missed
opportunities there's so many cheaply
slapped together Star Wars properties
like to give or play oh no it first
LucasArts first Star Wars the original
people in charge they wanted to make
sure they get it right right that's why
remember get to do this we better do
this right really doesn't matter anymore
but it's it's so upsetting like I was
playing do you remember the Boba Fett
game for ps2 no it's terrible it's a
terrible terrible game but I know that
it's a game in which you get to be Boba
Fett you got a rocket pack you got a
grappling hook you got a laser it's
awesome right it's like the simplest
idea yeah
you're a dude with a jetpack and you
hunt space criminals it's one of the
most awkward and clunky games I think
I've ever ever played just because they
didn't give a shit
all right I'm gonna head up good hang
out it's a good good get out oh my god
it was a jingo fat game of course of
course it fucking was the same person
because they were close no Bobo's the
copy in their alter tonight in their in
their weird prequel timeline sure in
reality in the world we live in Django
is a pale imitation of and I refuse to
refer to what it's the other way around
well George had the idea for Django 20
years I don't know is it good
Boba Fett was a character created by a
costume designer yes you have a good
night no okay sorry
I know you people like your coat or
I dislike that weird that's why I've
never played is because I can be talked
into playing the first one but I mostly
just don't care okay okay okay thank you
dr. Celtic and I won't be expecting the
beers because we've told you that we
don't want you to share a beers to us
Oh Punk wrong nothing wrong with him
your fucking years what it okay
sorry about that everyone microphone
malfunction
which is super loud really really sorry
about that
nope I'll do say I fixed it everything
is pick rich can you talk
okay now we should be good
I believe you can't hear rich now sorry
okay
now you should have more rich
okay
languish ah maybe a like I said yeah
rich is an audio mixers worst nightmare
it's true he just he has a very he has
an unusual voice quality where no it's
not a terrible voice quality it's just
it's just unusual where we're even like
you your levels are always hot oh my god
both both my health and my some weapon
energy ammo oh that's great knowing very
little about the Dark Souls games so far
what we have played of blood-borne is
incredibly similar to Dark Souls oh yes
yes
dare I say shockingly similar to dark so
obviously it's like that's that's what
the developers are known for they're
gonna make a similar game Sony wanted an
exclusive title but so far the
similarities are I I'm gonna describe it
I'm gonna describe the similarities as
sickeningly similar where it's almost
it's almost weird how similar the titles
are
this time I have no rod no plate and no
field
it's literally dark so yes you're right
look it's done blood-borne is literally
dark souls with a new coat of paint on
it's so far so far it is everybody knew
this going in it's really just being
able to make a sequel while having this
fresh coat of paint on it yes just for
new designs new setting and this is
things okay with it I'm not saying I'm
not saying that this is a bad thing
necessarily I'm saying that it they are
incredibly similar and you know so if
you like Dark Souls but don't want to
look at Dark Souls anymore this is the
game for you you know I like platformers
I'm not going to complain when another
game is like a good platformer right you
just want a new uh fresh coat of paint
but incredibly similar so far yes ludis
Prime that's why we are not streaming
blood-borne tonight is because we do
want to take it in we wanted to take it
in without without the chat without the
chat helping us as you tend to do
look what they've done to me
I think the reason that people so
someone is saying it like if this game
is so similar to Dark Souls within who
cares why is everybody all up in this
game's ass I think that's a lot of
people who are console only players this
is a if you are a ps4 person this is a
ps4 exclusive games you know like and
that's all you're looking for if you're
a console person you're looking for that
one thing you can hold over other
console peoples uh-huh you can't play
the blood board your Xbox one I can't
you know you can't you can't play the
blood board on your fancy steam machine
can you you know are you good gold the
other PlayStation I think it is a dumb
attitude but this is why Sony has been
advertising so hard for it and this is
why people who have a PlayStation 4 are
so excited about it because they want
that thing that they can hold all the
people say but again we have not had
much playtime with blood-borne so far so
our our observations are very limited
dr. kills the cat I think that was
either a Dark Souls me more troll we
don't know what it is we don't care we
say sectoid
in your professor frink voice oh well I
think that if you look at the SEC tides
they'll go up to the guy in Haven oh
they don't want the freak voice they
want the solo they haven't seen the
Zelda had no I was doing the French
voice just now okay they were there
asking for the Frank voice yeah I think
they think the the Zelda voice is the no
it's a different part because the Frank
voice is is there a blood theme in
blood-borne yes there's lots of blood in
blood-borne
yeah it's a Jerry Lewis voice that's
what the Frank voice is Frank what it
what is it is perfect another Nutty
Professor Jerry Lewis's the Nutty
Professor is Frank's the original Legend
of Zelda ad for the NES beautiful circa
1984 the us original and just just do it
it's amazing it's beautiful yes and
Blood borns marketing strategy exactly
was making people aware that it's
another Souls game like Dark Souls I
want to look this up actually this is I
want to look up the initial how did Dark
Souls originally sell because I want to
say that it did not sell well and became
a cult hit Dark Souls I'm gonna I'm
gonna Google that right now Dark Souls
ah god damn you Dark Souls 2 we can take
a break I'm done playing games favorite
okay I want you to play game for good
I'm gonna play games all hours
demon souls was the original and that
was a cultist
okay Dark Souls then demon souls some
Dark Souls - I think it's the a little
better Demon Souls Dark Souls Dark Soul
demon souls was first and was a ps3
exclusive and apparently that okay okay
I like that and that became a cult hits
so then when Dark Souls came out and was
available on more platforms that sold
well ok Demon Souls Dark Souls Dark
Souls Dark Souls is a spiritual
successor to From Software's Demon Souls
okay alright fine do you guys know if
there's a website like box office mojo
for video games box office mojo does
like weekend
I googled it
whoo
VG's VG charts
is that it I'm clicking on it I don't
know if I should there's a VG charts but
it's very inaccurate well doesn't help
me that's it oh my god
and that doesn't help me if it's very
inaccurate I want an accurate one is bei
uh VG charts is based on estimates only
well you know I want a real one I want a
real website not that website that's
making up numbers
there's no quote there's no there should
be an equivalent for videogames I wanna
I want to box office mojo for videogames
I like I like knowing stuff like that
production cost and how much I made at
the box office I like knowing when
things that are flop that's what I want
to know I don't know when things are a
huge flop the program took over one of
your allies okay if you kill her she's
dead oh she has a health meter but that
going down is bad okay oh oh that's a
very event nice elephant
oh it's dog oh well you were one I'm
trying to look at the charts for dark
souls2 you repeated yourself and so I
was interested and then you repeated
yourself and says oh that's fine I just
found it abusing that's probably exactly
the exact same way talk to your kids a
little bit what are these numbers in
hand
I think these are millions
cracker man 5 to 6 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
Xena trope it's your eighth month
anniversary well thanks thanks for
coming back for eight months
we appreciate this whole thing you're
mathematician oh no I'm looking I just
went to VG charts calm and I searched
for Dark Souls and they're saying it
must be in the millions because like
they're saying Dark Souls for the ps3
North America 0.71 is what they're
saying so I can only assume that means
that they sold 700,000 copies is what
I'm assuming that and global Dark Souls
sold about two million counties so I
think that's good
the peat but see then says like the PC
version of Dark Souls only sold 70,000
copies if that's if that's true sure but
it was a big hit yep that's it it's in
millions
so Dark Souls on the PC globally sold
70,000 units well wait wait this is why
this is unreliable
I don't think I can't steam numbers oh
yeah I take that entirely bad guy yeah I
know the reason it doesn't shark down
digital downloads well that's dumb
completely useless
then it's completely useless that's
completely useless though so it did well
on the ps3 and it sold about a million
units globally on the xbox360 sure you
never go we'd never know it oh man steam
apparently keeps its numbers under wraps
and that's why VG charts is so
inaccurate yeah well we need these
numbers we need to know these things
okay steam doesn't want you to know how
much money they just print no we already
know how much money they print
apparently Dark Souls on the PC shot
first it's an excellent reference to
early in the stream Thank You HSN amused
oh my god recruit more pimps thank you
for subscribing
he says Jack I want my five dollars to
be spent on recruiting more pimps or
beers absolutely recruit more pimps
that's a great end I need you to recruit
more pimps my pushes bill Lakha I do it
my website idea is apparently something
we can't have because steam doesn't
release their sales numbers but like I I
do enjoy like surfing box office mojo
and seeing production cost versus how
much money they made I think that kind
of stuff is interesting and if we could
have something like that for video game
sales but apparently it's impossible
that's fine hey I don't think that's
true I don't think I can just email
Steam and drop our alums name and
they'll give me all the information I
need I don't really think that it works
like that
who mr. glitch brings up something
something that we don't really care
about which is uh or we kind of care
about a sony has recently announced in a
new software update they will be
allowing players to customize controls
for every game nice nice
you can remap put controls for every
single game take 20 years yes that's a
good question
I get fury ated controls really it's
just I use like WASD you kind of you can
kind of remember but you can't remap it
to the number pad which is what I use Oh
so until I until I feel like bothering
with making some kind of custom macro
key vine things you're not playing on
Miami is fuck that shit haha that's some
great school basic shit on the PC yeah
fuck that off yeah yeah that seems weird
I mean it's it's it's that's alright you
can only customize the ones remove it
which is stupid I don't know why anybody
even with WASD I don't know why anybody
uses space because awkward let's just
worry about if you had a grid all the
keys are right near where you want them
to be yeah but if you use WASD the space
pad is right where your thumb should be
yeah it makes it makes sense
and but I agree with you that using the
number pad makes more sense because it's
evenly spaced integrate
oh yeah and by the way who didn't see
that like if anyone didn't know - if
anyone didn't see Nintendo officially
announced that the Netflix original
Zelda show was complete nutter horseshit
and they have no idea what anyone's
talking about which was all unconfirmed
to begin Nintendo surprising news
Nintendo has been vehemently against
making movie or television shows with
their property it's not a surprise oh
yeah oh no hundred percent baby they've
said that I don't know anything about
rust I can't comment on that I'm sorry
it's a game and apparently it's
assigning people random face and race
and then it locks it for them and people
are complaining about not being able to
customize their character they should be
that's the game that's force
multicultural bullshit no it's the game
no but it's randomize no it's randomize
that's the game that's the fucking game
and that's the thing people want to play
as themselves people do want to play as
intensify people do want to fight
there's nothing wrong with wanting to
play as yourself in a game but if that's
the game I don't want you to be you
don't if the if the game is you get that
you it's randomised characterization
like oh we're just you're gonna be a
weird guy if you want a new guy who's
starting a game or whatever
oh wait new game oh wait and you said
walk I assume that men walk and that you
can start a new game
that's what I really said is I know
nothing about rust I don't know anything
about it I don't care is it a good game
I don't know I don't know nothing about
it
apparently you start out naked and
there's penises everywhere that sounds
great what it's great fuck you in
[Laughter]
I just I was that a song in this is that
what am i hearing
yeah what is that
bingo bingo I'm done I go sting Collins
yes I like bullet hell games I think
they're fun they're incredibly difficult
but I think they're a lot of fun I can't
I kind of want to go home and play okay
I mean we started early we can do
whatever we want
okay hey everybody I feel bad we usually
go at least three we've been two and a
half well we're gonna call it mostly
because we have work to do yeah yeah
yeah we have work to do and rich and I
are committed to our release schedule
which means that we need to play this
game and so yeah I think we're gonna
call it this looks like this looks like
a really this looks like very typical
early hit amok kijima or however you
pronounce his name which is like some
fun gameplay mixed with excessively long
cutscenes I don't mind because I
actually love the story sure these games
hate the story in the Metal Gear games I
love the story of the Metal Gear games
just like a serious setting with
nonsense storytelling elements space
setting with magic flying robots sure
but the characters are handled pretty
seriously yeah I love it ya know the the
the gameplay looked like a lot of fun
but in any case we're gonna go thank you
so much everyone for coming out thank
you to all of our new subscribers thank
you to all of our old subscribers and
thank you to everyone else who just came
out especially those of you who came out
early on while
