Episode 243
More Bloodborne - Hack & a Half (Part 1)
April 20, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD3EvHitrB8
___________________________________________

have you shut it off at any point oh oh
you know what you guys have probably
been seeing black and again okay many
somebody in so many of the chats saying
well it's obvious they like blood-borne
but that can't be true we hate all
Triple A games that's that's really true
every single one let's never come out we
hate them because we're hipsters we only
like indie games we're horrible horrible
hipsters so it's impossible for us to
like blood-borne yes what happened to
hard world is an audio audio too much
how about change it everything's fine
already
I wanted like I said I was talking to
rich earlier and I I do just in general
want to play horn I'm skipping the
cutscene of course you are of course
because of course I am
oh you know what I was working on and I
was working on a I was working on a
favorite and I made an old lady
scientist here's the lady I've been
playing as I made like a like a tough
Amazon woman and we started playing I
tried to make me oh look I'm all glitchy
that's fun it happens no and then I
tried to make me and for a while I was I
wasn't shavings I had a little beard and
I've been playing as Wonder Woman I've
been wanting to play as water oh so this
is and I made an old lady I made an old
lady scientist wear this uh-huh
wait to see this lady she's kind of
Awesome oh you know what I think I want
to change her hair
I didn't Wonderwoman have scars on her
face because she's a warrior princess I
don't think she has scars huh I don't
think she has scars good old lady why
does why does old lady have darker well
I'm changing her hair right now and she
has the same ponytail hair as Wonder
Woman that's not very creative Jack no I
could I was just I was making her the
other day I was just I was just dinking
around with her here okay let's give her
some let's give her some better hair see
here oh my god should we give her this
should we give her like old man hair
let's go for it go for you do that do
the semi balding long hair I would feel
really bad about that
let's see what's wrong you're gonna she
had to look beautiful just cuz she's a
woman she can't have some kind of
horrible hair problem here we go this is
the one I want this is this is old lady
Sciences there this is old lady Sciences
hair okay my first time playing I didn't
give a shit I just like the default
everything huh cuz you know you don't
see her face that much anyway
oh you're mostly always worrying the
fancy clothes they give you but IIIi
think I was about halfway through and
then just on a lark I I made a new
character and I started playing again
sure and I took I took my time with the
character crater that time and I was
fairly happy with the result hums I was
going for the the saint of killers from
from preacher yeah the the unday an
undead cowboy angel of death from
preacher yeah and I couldn't quite be
faithful to the counterpart because it's
just too relatively cartoony look it
looked it looked weird so I ended up
with kind of like a heavily toned down
saint of killers that I'm very happy
with okay good all right great
we are good to go but I also noticed
though my second time through the game
yeah I was ridiculously better at
blood-borne like I I got through the
first two bosses without other than that
first werewolf death I I had not died
once than the first two bosses
nice um that's great what should we name
out without grinding without lady
scientist lady lady scientist member
gills a sole fo bills a third guilt yeah
a nice fellow ethyl e th le or yell how
do you feel I am huh
so Y in there jack fo e th yl how do you
spell ethyl
I think so I took spelling is hard I've
been wrong about many things in my life
but I'm pretty sure it's a spelling ah
let's see oh wait I think it's just yell
just yell yeah else it doesn't matter
yeah that's it alright
ethyl ethyl GILF there we go okay here's
fo a GILF all right now ah the Y is for
fuel oh that that makes sense that makes
way more sense
she can't be fat they they they don't
let you make fat people in the game do
you the character creator is a little
limiting and defaults on the thin side
to even the very burly buildest yo I
mean there is no discernible difference
between the largest person and the
skinniest person in this game or the
tallest and shortest person
now we're trying something new with the
sub notifications and it's it's not
unlike percent it might not work because
it only it's only working with new
subscribers okay I'm skipping a cutscene
again of course you are because we don't
need it okay here we are
blood Bjorn I kind of love this before
you have a weapon you know like just
your your hand maneuvers you know what I
want I want to beat that goddamn war mph
with just about hands I'm gonna that's
exactly what I'm gonna try to do you're
gonna film and probably probably okay so
you have you have light attack you have
a heavy attack and then you have that's
the kind of a cool tack I wonder if that
I wonder if that if the attack works to
parry without a gun probably not
probably not blood blood bj√∂rk alright
so here's the first enemy and you are
supposed to die at this werewolf but I'm
gonna try
damnit not doing great not doing great
move Ethel move move your grandma bones
this is a poor grandma fighting a war
wolf barehanded right it's fucking it's
amazing she doesn't die instantly jack
what background did you use troubled
that troubled past like troubled
childhood or something okay be careful
on your ear Stan Moe stamina stamina
Stan NEMA whatever oh listen I died
you're supposed to die there I died
that's fine you don't have to die there
you can run past him to get the first
lamp oh okay no that's good
Mario Mario 42 hates games where you are
supposed to loose it's a teaching moment
this game ain't all about teaching
moments so be fair I think you can do it
yeah you can win I've seen people beat
I've seen people beat that without a
weapon look and if you think you're
gonna get through this game without
dying once good fucking luck this is
this is gonna be a game well I will
never attempt a no death row you can't
you just can't okay I'm in in theory I
might consider a never never lose your
blood echoes after dropping them rum Oh
like I like a note death twice in a row
from this yeah yeah yeah what um what
weapon do we want you you pick what you
want Ryan I'm fond of the axe so if I
ever stream this I'm gonna be using the
axe so if you want variety go what they
saw or the cane and like when I when I
started playing this I started on the
cane and dropped it immediate
we really like as soon as I got I got a
different weapon and picked up that
different weapon right away so it's like
and the cane is the weakest like it has
the weakest start I don't know maybe I I
mean I guess I've never used the saw
cleaver maybe I'll give ya but
supposedly it scales really well with
the skill stance so if you're put in a
lot of stats and skill the lot of your
levels and the skill the cane as I
understand it I've never really used it
much myself it can be pretty beastly
take the ko you and you know what you
guys are right I made an old lady
character the old lady's got a cap okay
yeah I am I'm taking the threaded cane
I'm taking the threaded cane and I'm
gonna take the pistol just because I
don't think there's a difference between
the pistol and the blunderbuss exam or
test pistol does more damage blunderbuss
is easier to parry with oh yeah
you don't parry much you may as well go
with the pistols though you should be
picking I think I need to be bearing so
I'm gonna go blunderbuss we're gonna go
cane blunderbuss that's our combo equip
the cane clip the blunderbuss everything
is great
okay oh and we need the notebook thing
okay all right now let's go fuck up a
werewolf we got this now grandma Cain
yep Ethel GILF Scott hurricane mr.
glitch wants to see a walker of doom
maybe maybe with tennis balls of doom
attached to the legs that would be
awesome that would be the best
I would I would also love to see that
threaded cane you mean pimp cane fuck
you how I do it's like yeah we mean pimp
cane
[Laughter]
okay come on Mike did Mike ever tell you
about his idea for a movie about old old
people from old folks home saving the
Earth from alien invasion no huh it's a
great idea okay no you why are you
laying it out I don't know if I should
okay
I don't I don't know if I should I don't
know if that's my place to lay out
Mike's idea Oh probably not I mean you
brought it up so I thought I thought
that was you know I brought it up and
then I thought twice about it you
brought it up and now you immediately
yeah yeah in in a fantasy world to be a
neat script idea to actually bake
someday sure okay in a fantasy world
where that would happen I kicked his ass
yeah this is this acts very differently
I found in my other run through the game
I found the soft spear and that has a
really wicked combo system agzam I'm
hoping that the cane also has a wicked
combo system that's actually pretty nice
so like in this game you can do thing
you know like obviously you can just
spam light attack you can you know press
heavy attack you have the option to
switch so like right now it's a cane but
if I press r1 or l1 if I press l1 it
turns into like this like whip right but
you can chain attack so you can press
like light attack right into change and
so it changes and attacks in the same
stroke which is baller as far as I'm
concerned also you stroke you stroke
that cane Jack I'm sure grandma GILF
grandma GILF is stroking the King all
right here we go
here we go silver bullets need me some
quick silver bullets
[Music]
remember yeah there's something down
here I just need to remember where all
this stuff is so obviously I've played
this zone a million times so if anyone
sees me like running past things really
you know you're not gonna fight anything
to gain blood echoes to level up what I
mean
you said you're gonna run past things oh
no I mean like I'm not I'm not walking
you know like I'm not taking my time I'm
not taking in these oh sure for people
who may not have seen this game yet i am
i'm kind of going fast that is your
business
that is my business blood vials are the
thing that gives you health i did i did
i my second playthrough I did find
father Garcia's daughter yes and did you
use it did you use it that is that is
the most depressing thing of all time
please flowing Moy mommy have you seen
my butt did you use the locket
during the fight out of the music box
yeah yeah and did it work like what did
it do he's stunts I didn't even need it
I didn't even needed nice I love it I
love it I love it okay meemaw mommy's
dead well you don't go back to her sure
you do you do yeah you see yes did you
get something if you go back to her you
do oh okay well
yeah III read up on it there's different
things you can do with that girl huh
they they all and depressingly well
great that that girl's fate is just
she's basically fun no matter what you
like you can you can tell her about the
safe house yeah yeah that ends badly too
of course it does because of course it
does okay I'm not as powerful as I
remember me being you know I'm used to
I'm used to I'm used to fighting these
guys with like a little more a little
more juice to me yeah you could see any
any band or artist Live and concert who
would it be
you know I almost always prefer recorded
records my band's live it's just like
you get to hear the shittier version of
the song no you're crazy no I'm not
crazy I'm dead serious
yeah shows part of it shows all but I'd
rather hear the version of the song that
was heavily engineered for quality
rather than rather than hearing it like
a concert hall where my fucking ear
drums are being blowed out my speakers
too out like I would have loved to see
it's not it's not a musical artist but
George Carlin yeah oh man yeah god I so
regret I never got to see George Carlin
but you all know that oh yeah
based beast you know I think no well
good I was just gonna say like for me it
would it would be it'd be someone who
like if you could catch them early
enough in their career where you could
see them at a smaller venue you know cuz
I agree like amphitheaters are bullshit
you know Karen Karen got to do that with
up she some Marilyn Manson in concert
twice before he got big oh yeah she saw
him was like really small venues and she
was complaining about her ear ringing
for weeks like that is that really a
good thing cuz it was like right when
super AAB Antichrist Superstar came out
sure before he was super like right
right before he got super huge that's
and see like if you can if you can get
to that golden time we're like like were
that were there they've been playing
long enough where they don't suck but
like before before you seem in an
amphitheater cuz like amphitheaters it's
the same show at night after night yeah
I remember you you dick it's same show
night after night they're not they're
not trying anymore they're just
perfecting their sound yeah but like a
smaller show when they're still working
out the kinks you can get that magic
magic our do this now I forget you know
there was there's a club here that had
like a week of the most amazed at became
bigger bands and now came through the
city and like the same
Oh cute by your guy like the white
stripes
yeah played here you know when they're
just the two-piece and anyway I'm go
ahead
I might have a serious answer to the
musical version of that question though
okay
Nirvana unplugged cuz I know from
listening to it the album that that
sounds great yeah that wouldn't have
been a bad one to see why is that yeah
yeah learning how to use this cane is is
different it's you know it's a different
weapon so you see a people's concert and
then you know not be able to hear any of
the songs due to the screaming fans
right right could you like that would
that would suck or like having to deal
with like fans like singing along or
something it's just like shut up
agreed
dislike it just like it but I I enjoy I
enjoy live music a lot I you and I don't
get a chance to go out much anymore just
because I work all the time and I have
kids but I miss it I do I miss going out
and seeing live music there are some
amazing bands that are playing right now
and we're not we're not exactly in a
golden era of you know bands getting
signed and making a million bucks
anymore oh there is don't try to fight
now I can't put the x-ray
rich what's your favorite wax cylinder
currently probably mary had a little
lamb' by Alexander Graham Bell that is
my favorite wax under it's the only one
I know so it kind of wins by default
They Might Be Giants had a head of song
that they did at the Edison Museum that
was either on wax cylinder or on like a
vinyl thing it's called that can you
hear me oh yeah you know or I can hear
you just barely hear you I can just
barely hear and you know like they
recorded it live at the Edison Museum
not ready for that fight yet rich not
ready for that fight yet oh oh I'm sorry
Edison recorded mary had a little lamb
oh well whatever go fuck yourself hey I
made a funny joke I don't care if I got
a technical thing wrong you all know
what I met damn it for anyone who's like
just starting to play blood-borne by the
way if you noticed the super sweet move
I just did right there right after you
dodge you know you press the circle
button to kind of dodge on the right way
right after you press that if you press
an attack button you sprint forward and
attack so it almost turns into like a
like a sprint a sprint attack and it's
super awesome and actually works very
well with the cane because the cane is a
lighter weapon I'm wondering what the
best thing to focus on first with
upgrading is this is it best to go with
some combination of vitality and
endurance until you that have that
nearly leveled up you better to evenly
dispersed your stats or should you go
for strength or skill first right what
is the best upgrade path I really want
to know I don't you know what and I just
don't think there is yeah I don't
probably not an answer but like to find
what I'm happy with that's and and
that's that's the real answer rich is
you just find one that you're
now I I do have an issue with the whole
leveling system than this yeah because I
don't I don't like mild incremental
level of groundwork every every hour
worth of brandy they get an extra two
points and you damage out of 250 when I
when I upgrade something in a game I
want a fucking feel the difference yeah
yeah and you know it's just not that
important here where you know like the
upgrades aren't what this game is about
upgrade based on your weapon of choice
yeah but I'm not familiar with all the
weapons in the game yet and if if I
start upgrading for for one I'm not even
gonna bother experimenting with the
other so I'll never know what weapons I
actually like right right that's and
that's true and that's fine I have I
have used almost all of the weapons I I
through just playing like I've bought
and used almost all of the weapons and
one of my big problems is none of them
were better than that one I found like
that sauce spear was so fuckin badass
rich what would be your weapon of choice
to kill werewolves well obviously a
minigun loaded with silver bullets I
mean and that's a lot of fucking silver
but that's that's that's an effective
fucking werewolf weapon right there yeah
you shot him in the heart 275 times we
think he's dead
well you might have killed him
okay so now the real question rich is do
I attempt to take on the ogre how about
an atomic bomb well if the werewolf was
in your house then you're just gonna
destroy your house and your neighborhood
you're you're better off in the long run
with the minigun loaded with a long
chain of silver bullets and I don't know
about minigun I think that would be
cumbersome well you don't want to be too
close to the world wolf you want to be
like half a mile away and the Jeep
smooth any gum on the roof then you need
a sniper rifle no cuz werewolves are
fast it's gonna be extremely difficult
to hit with the sniper rifle you're
gonna you're gonna die as the world will
charge you you want the minigun
even even if you miss his heart that war
wolves gonna be in so many chunks it's
gonna take him hours to regenerate then
you can just shoot him in the heart of
your leisure at that point just dig
through the parts find out which one the
heart is and then shoot back I love that
risk by the way dig dig through the
chunks all right I am uh I think I'm
gonna try to fight this guy richer you
are you superstitious I think there are
very few superstitious atheists are
there is that is that a possibility can
you sneak up on enemies in this game
like if I just walk slowly well is ogre
not see me no peace ah me fighting an
ogre oh and I want already great I did
use a Malta of cocktail because I was
afraid huh you're afraid of him yeah why
those are some of the easiest enemies in
the game you know I'm still like I
haven't upgraded anything I'm still like
I'm still learning the cane I didn't
want to push it his base okay I didn't
want to push it so you know I did it you
can sneak up on baddies great rich how
much you in the horn I see that
subscriber that oh yes actually we
should take a moment let's let's take a
moment here okay April Ryan 22 thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it Zen of Ben thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
also oh my god why don't why don't you
why don't you list all of the names and
then do know I'm thinking them
individually scantron the immortal thank
you for subscribing we very
much appreciated I'm only seeing new
subscribers and rich I don't know if you
can see them in the chat I Kim but my my
list is only showing me new subscribers
okay
my magic lists crocodile brain
Genghis Borgnine thank you both for
subscribing you see how efficient that
wasn't yeah I did too it works yeah
congratulations I kill where I am big
spunk thank you for subscribing last
Wednesday last Wednesday Questers fest
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
[Laughter]
dingus
you dingus what happened to the odd
world's is Jack really wanted to play
blood-borne and so he he found a flimsy
excuse to stop playing odd world no
there was a real reason the you could
have just skipped the Constance you
could have done that oh oh I'm at the
BRIT oh crap oh I noticed you don't
respond to that question that's that's
it that seems awfully selective what
mm-hmm
wait were you asking me a question
yeah yes but what's up well I think you
could have just I could have just won
you gonna just skip the cutscenes no no
you can't you couldn't skip the
cutscenes in the ad well yeah okay okay
so if obviously that would have been the
easiest thing but for some reason it was
a game where you could not skip the
cutscenes and the cutscenes volume was
dramatically louder than everything else
in the game and you could not turn the
volume of the cutscenes down so I
decided to stop playing it to see a
woman thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated oh did you get um I
see sex weirdo thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it but sex se
cks did you end up getting all of the
new subscribers on your new thing that
doesn't work as we would like it to the
new subscribers are coming through but
not the people who recent
yes okay okay I have officially gotten a
sex weirdo was the newest one and I just
got that sex weirdo
what do I want to do rich I've been
doing pretty well I'm feeling pretty
confident and I could go up on the
bridge try to fight two werewolves and
ogre and the final boss to get to the
new checkpoint but then I might know my
my blood echoes but I guess you got what
2600 there's nothing but it but I
haven't upgraded to anything now that's
something you can you can beat all those
things yeah you're right you're right
all right I want to get I want to get
you closer to me
I don't know if I can find two of you
yet yeah you know what fuck it fuck nope
can't fight two of you yet and damn it
come drinkers 69 69 69 would like to
know rich Evans if you saw one of your
fans when when you were alone late at
night would you be thrilled or horrified
well I think the zoo bars ought to
protect me I don't necessarily get that
nothing I don't necessarily my fans
would be zoo animals I just insulted
everybody basically Wow yeah I know I
know
way to go
I mean congratulations all right trying
again trying again here we go going
through it again and I know I can just
run past all these guys but you know
it's basically free XP at this point
somebody's mentioning a cheap way to
beat those wolves a cheap way to be
those wolves yeah oh and you know what
you know what I'm forgetting so here's a
real thing by the way for absolutely
everyone is this game has a counter
system that you don't take advantage of
yeah oh I I'm really bad at it so I
never ever use it I dodge roll
absolutely everything and I've forgotten
that I literally sometimes forget that I
have especially for bosses and such
because I as you've noticed me playing I
just never ever use it
I've gotten really good at rolling away
I roll away and I wait to attack and I
never ever use that okay even though
comes in super handy and and now I'm
using this weaker weapon and I need to I
need to remember to use it it's
basically the moral of the story
isn't there a gun yes or no that's the
thing is I need to get better at using
it and that's my fault
so I'm going to try to use it more
but I've kind of like I programmed my
brain not to because sometimes it
doesn't work quite right and some
attacks it works better than other
attacks you know ask me whatever
consider going to a European Convention
yes somebody would have to be paying for
the whole goddamn thing oh that's that's
a pricey thing oh well yeah I mean I
would assume that would be yeah listen
we'll go anywhere if somebody if
somebody wants to pay for the full ride
oh sure right right but that's not gonna
happen so it's a moot point yep that is
very true rich unless your bike then you
get to go to Denmark did Mike go to
Denmark Denmark or somewhere somewhere
in that neck of the woods for
Scandinavian somesuch Film Festival oh
okay that's cool
well that's neat well I probably knew
about that that was neat yes I probably
knew about that and forgotten telegin
wants to know what it was like growing
up in the Cold War
at any moment you didn't know if
everything was just going to explode
into fire it was it was honestly it was
kind of horrifying yeah yeah oh my god
what's that was that TV movie in the rig
that made about anything like that it's
some kind of anti film they made the day
it happened there's something like that
that was just terrified yeah nuclear
nuclear war basically could have erupted
at any damn moment you know and I just
caught the tail end of it so
the day after yes thank you thank you
cracker man five to six okay
cracker man what's his name I know oh I
don't know well man cracker man is new
dude yeah girl who call themselves
cracker man I suppose sometimes I just
find the names funny rich nothing I can
do about that running out of here I
don't like the guys with the guns the
guys are the guns shoot me and I dislike
that you person in the chat whose name
scrolled off I can see you may have been
six when the wall came down I think I
was a little bit older what was it Andy
92 honestly does that mean no I mean
well the early nineties hmm I think the
corpses are doing something funny over
here what are you doing over here
corpses I saw you guys glitching out
well I was somewhere in the vicinity of
pre-teen and all that shit okay what
Doug uh-huh look at a bit twit a twitch
like the the jello physics are making
him twitch I love it
yeah yeah yeah 89 I was a little bit off
so I was a little bit older than six yes
you were you were aware of the world
around you yes yeah
come in follow me follow me they didn't
they didn't do the Duck and Cover when I
was in school though
know that that was archaic by the time I
was in school yeah that was that was a
different 60s 50s coupling war cookies
even sure better with the gun gotta get
better with the gun it is my mission to
get better with the gun I'm not gonna
practice on these guys I'm gonna
practice on the over nope dog dog I want
the dog I can walk under the dog walk
under the dock gives me more grief than
anything damn
shooter guys rich I hate him I hate them
shooter guys I'm in my late 30s for all
that matters it matters plenty oh fuck
you fuck oh I was looting a body got hit
by a guy got hit by some asshole dicks
I saw you bunch of dicks
okay everything's fine now damn it love
this game I love that I've played this
exact area 1 million times and I'm still
stressed out about it
Oh Jax you noob yes yes I am exactly a
noob okay so here's a real question
about the countering or the the waiting
what do we call that system the RIP Jose
yeah riposte is when I when I hear Airy
encounter when I when I parry them and
they drop down to a knee do I have to
press r1 or can i press r2 and do the
super move I've only ever done r1 and
you have to be like standing you have to
be touching them right
hop-hop right next to them when they
stagger and somebody asked if anybody
other than red letter media has ever
asked me India to be of in a movie of
there's the the only person who has ever
asked me to be in something they were
filming other than the micro J hey was
Jack and you were great in it I was kind
of amazed what what why I suck you were
great as the police captain in poop
again P I yep
nailed it I brought my mean I wrote that
role for you but you nail you nailed
yourself thank you thank you
I didn't I didn't know you that well ago
you thought I was living in the area I
had to come up from your fucking
Chicagoland area yeah no I will cook you
know like you were in Mike and Jays
stuff all the time just like oh he must
be around I'll just ask yeah come by no
I had no idea it was like a big deal for
you to come well obviously I never would
have asked because it's like oh I don't
want to put you out to be in my dumb
thing ah nothing else it was nice to
come up and see Mike and Jim because I
didn't know you that well right right
okay kill the dogs I have to stay alive
that's important right now staying alive
is important right now because my all
those thousands of blood echoes are up
are up in the thing which you are
awesome in the game station sure yeah
it's just shame that the review portion
of game stations sucked it's too weird
and awkward to do without any kind of
feedback I was like filming that with
Mike and Jay and I can tell you that
video game guys like I'm saying things
about a game and they're just like they
got this like blank look on their face
like I'm talking about where's that oh
yeah yeah I think I would think that
would be very awkward I was I hated
doing it game game station ended for
reasons
goddamnit dog goddamn dog yeah you know
it's it's really hard to be like fun
and or even just be like insightful when
when there's nothing to bounce off of
even like when you're like for people
who do like video essays and it's just
themselves the person you're bouncing
off of is you editing it later you know
mm-hmm but rich is not an editor and so
you know you would say all these things
and then micro Jay would edit them you
know oh yeah and so it's like if
someone's doing like a voiceover like
for example like like the Plunkett stuff
you know that's Mike doing the
voice-over and then he gets to edit it
later and then if he needs to add or
take anything he can do that in
voiceover later you know yeah so it's
like yeah I loved the I gotta kill that
wolf
I might just know I can do this I can do
this like I kind of want to use my
mullet sobs just done that one wolf who
has my blood echoes yeah come here
yeah also I think we found out after the
fact there was something else that call
itself game station yeah but it wasn't
game station 2.0 just game station but
still sure I'm just gonna throw another
multi magic dick
okay I got my blood echoes back so
that's something which how did you
escape from Gamestation I stopped doing
it I know I know you want it in the
universe thing not gonna happen
[Laughter]
you I'm gonna get you
it's like when they're attacking is the
thing that I can wrap my head around cuz
I want to do it when they were your back
oh I think I did it oh oh but your
weapon also has to be in a certain form
for the I don't know I tried to do it
with with my cane and chain form and it
didn't work I think I'm done it with
both well I you can't you can't you
can't parry with oh well you can with
the cane I know what the axe you can't
parry with the long axe but you can you
can stagger them if you hit them from
behind
well you can't pair with the long axe
because then you have it yeah two-handed
weapon you can't you can't parry but you
can you can you can do the charge tak
when their like their back is turned and
then you can stagger them and do the
special attack the whip can't do it
maybe I just wasn't close enough colonel
not exactly not exactly a pro with the
whip but I assume you can I would assume
kin - maybe I just wasn't close enough I
did get I got the werewolf down on a
knee so what were you saying about
Colonel Mustard Colonel Mustard I'm sure
sarcastically was saying it was saying
wait so Jack is liking blood-borne
spoiler alert for the next review one is
playing this right now
so that should tell you all you need to
know which is this is the game I wanted
to play Jack you know you know we hate
all for the Logans everyone
you know you know and I find funny right
now what a lot of people are saying they
love the the game station skits yeah
it's fun for one we don't we don't do
skits on prereq guys the whole the whole
point is to get them out quicker yeah
doing some kind of elaborate skip thing
for every episode that just that just
adds time production of the episode
whole goal is to do this with minimal
involvement with Mike and Jay so we can
just get them out and get them out yep
and the other thing I find funny about
that is everybody always complains about
our skits like half in the bag just do
the review I don't care about the stupid
skits do they the p√°linka reviews we
don't care about the skids just talk
about the movie and I like the serial
killer stuff it's like people always
bitch about our skits except for game
station that seems weird like yeah the
the skits are what make it different
than every other show like a bunch of
people have have stuff where they just
talk about movies people complain about
that not everybody of course but there
are people who complain about that
that's crazy to me
you ogre and no good at this pairing
thing there we go
Oh oh great I'm getting I'm getting
there I parried the ogre which is a
weird sentence I'm gonna put that out
there I parried the ogre he's a weird
thing to sandwich all right I think I am
going to go I think I might fight the
the hair monster
you you you go and do that thing I have
mobs and I have an oil urn so I think I
can beat him now he sneeze easiest thing
to doing again
get that boss it's fine it's fine the
firt yeah well we'll see I don't know I
haven't done it I mean I've done it
before
rap rap
crap
getting sound for just a moment what
what look I know I know why do you guys
here like this gets I'm not saying that
everybody in the universe hates this
there are still plenty of people to this
day complain about that kind of stuff
there's people who who absolutely hate
anything palinka does that isn't talking
about the review really anything in the
basement that ain't stop doing that
stuff just happen somebody at one point
like of the Phantom Menace review
uploaded a version that had all of that
stuff cut out really yep that's very
subtracting couldn't handle they
couldn't handle an r-rated review this
gets huh that's really funny
that is really funny oh you use your
fucking home files I did I'm there
already if you're if you're a half help
a half out we're too low
that's not you put blood-borne you still
hate JRPGs this is not a RPG it has
steps that's the only similarity when I
say hey JRPGs you know damn well I'm
talking about about shit like your
classic Final Fantasy games right with
that weird boring repetitive turn-based
combat the grinding and I don't like I
don't like the grinding in this really
who's bringing that up our RPGs as we
used to know them are basically dead and
now every it's just about everything has
RPG elements right and I'm fine with
that I've always liked RPG elements it's
always been that kind of boring asked
for base combat and the grinding day
damnit oh I heard my echo in your
headphones not just alright then you get
all that shit you get an obnoxious story
with characters you don't really like
doing things you don't want them to do
right
it's like the whole point of an RPG is
being a character in that world and yet
the classic JRPGs are ridiculously
scripted right as far as character stuff
goes it's like it's like they took out
all of the the fun aspects of a
role-playing game and edited horribly
boring status stuff they emphasize that
yeah I agree
and you deserve to die for not using
your health files more often when I'm
sure your bar was obviously dropping
rapidly you didn't back I couldn't use
my help too vile because I needed a
Dodger attack if I would have stopped to
use my health file I would have died
dodge you dodged back away not around
wait why am I in the hunters dream how
do I get anything why am I not just game
I'm not ready for you yet I don't have
any of my fucking echoes
is this a new build Jax character looks
different is this a new build I don't
know doctor the last time you stripped
it oh sure yeah yeah yeah I'm starting
over I'm just it just started he started
fresh tonight just for the heck of it
yeah sure so how much better he's gotten
in the game when he hasn't uh I mean I'm
good I'm using a new weapon a weapon I'm
not used to I'm did you at least
remember to open the shortcuts no no no
oh god damn it jack open the shortcuts
why aren't you opening the shortcuts
because I was just fucking around I'm
just having fun you know I'm fun playing
a little blood-borne really I'm trying
to figure out this um I'm trying to
figure out this wif weapon which I'm not
100
and really what I'm trying to do my real
goal with this is trying to figure out
the gun as we've mentioned many times
and for anyone who is just joining us
Jack has gotten pretty far at the game
without using the gun I don't know I
don't understand how to use the gun and
so I just haven't been the subject is
something I have to address immediately
how is FTL not grinding FTL is not
grinding you can't go back and replay
old sectors to just get more scrap right
this is not really much going back in
FTL you you naturally level up as you go
through the game there's a leveling
system and it's a great leveling system
yes but it is not grinding yes grinding
is purposefully not moving forward in
the game in order to raise numbers grind
grinding would be like if you could go
through sector one over and over and
over and over and over again before
going on to the next sector in order to
build up to a level 50 before you tackle
the next area that would be grinding
absolutely
FTL actively prevents you from doing
that because the enemy fleet is always
on your ass yes there you know you there
is there can be grinding elements to
this game to blood-borne you don't have
to do them obviously like any grind and
you don't have to take advantage of it
but oh god I have to remember to open up
the oh you remember to open up the
shortcut I will I'll remember to open up
the shortcut this time I will I will
I'll be smart this time
well smarter
I say as I just got hit by a doofus with
an axe
get hit by two bits with an axe like all
the time hundred percent of damage yeah
dirt killed the cat what you're talking
about is not grinding an FTL because you
can't you grind enough BL by levelling
by fighting weaker ships
you you naturally run into weaker ships
you're you're glad would you get the
extra scrap and an easy encounter but
that's still not grinding no that is not
grinding that is that is naturally
pulling the game grinding grinding is
when you prevent yourself from from
furthering your game progress and just
in order to level yeah but I virtue of
not being able to really go backwards
without running into the enemy fleet you
can't do that in FTL it's impossible
absolutely you can you can try and
maximize the amount of scrap you get and
your way through a sector that is not
the same thing as grind it a little more
reach than I was thinking
doing great doing great I mean you know
fighting the same dudes but doing great
Oh Dirk kill the guy yeah I get what
you're saying about letting your guys
skulls go up and yeah you can't grind in
that fashion glue I suppose he's right
you could yes in the grand scheme of
things though as far as you know they're
real important the real important
upgrades in FDLR upgrading your ship and
horns great sure you can't grind that
way but that is a fair point like if if
you are facing a weaker ship that cannot
penetrate your shields and you just
allow them to hit you over and over so
your shield guy can can raise his shield
stats yes that is grinding and that is
an element of grinding in FTL but that's
in the immigrant in the grand scheme of
FTL
you're not even close guy yeah but I
mean I guess I can see where he's coming
from there yeah yeah I I've done that
because I can and it's more efficient
but it I guess it would be nice if you
couldn't sure sure I never said I refuse
to grind I I do it in something like
like like blood warm because you you
need those stats up and you feel you
feel like you have to sure
yeah and dig neutral brings up a good
point like do you call that grinding or
do you call that cheating and in FTL
I've even seen watch play yeah yeah yeah
so cheating exploit not the same I am I
am taking them I'm taking the game
mechanics and I am I am using them but I
am I am I am NOT finding some kind of
glitch that is completely unintended
sure sure it's not like I've figured out
that if I have this equipped in this set
this way and the enemy missiles always
missed because it's a programming
oversight that's an expert
rich what are your thoughts on the new
Robo Batman there's a rowboat Batman you
know you know Oh from the the new game
from the Arkham Knight yeah
is that you talk about hate they're
baiting you rich I know they're if I
first say at first I thought there was
something new news with the the movie Oh
God
Batman vs Superman I'm like was he gonna
have a robot suit oh oh of course he
will first so you know he will
we'll see I don't know I don't know or
care what they're going to do with that
movie I would 100% assume that that he's
gonna have his Hulkbuster armor or
whatever the hell you know he calls his
Superman fighting armor because you know
why because that's what's in the
Avengers movie you're gonna end up with
with Iron Man only Bruce Wayne isn't as
interesting as Tony Stark is yep that's
what you're gonna end up with yep
what let Batman be a ninja just let it
happen
that's
