Episode 247
Rich's Bloodborne Debacle (Part 2)
April 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbjoSEHIvCg
___________________________________________

Mortal Kombat 10 next week there's no
plans for that my interest in the series
is minimal at best
that's a good way of putting it minimal
at best
where is the rest of the Forbidden
Forest I can't even remember what dress
there are a whole different area with
the with the Poisson Lake yeah I can't
even find remember where that is this
game is huge yeah that's way that's way
back it's not connected to this whoop
section you have to go back yeah you
have to go where are you trying to go
are you trying to get to you're trying
to get my coat with the Giants yeah yes
no we're super in particular sure did
you beat the spider
oh yeah no maybe this room oh no no I
assume in general yeah
okay pardon
I want to find the beggar well I missed
my first time through the beggar yeah oh
yeah yeah he's in um do you know where
the cannon is did you get the cannon no
oh do you know where the cannon guy is
yeah that's that's the other woods area
which yeah that's way back
you gotta get you have to go to that
area and and I'll show you where how to
get the cannons here well I don't have
enough strength to pick it up can I at
least grab it in the inventory yeah okay
absolutely
I'm gonna spend the blood echoes don't
worry I just scout it outside of it
I'll see what I missed sorry testing one
two three
one two three where the frig are you
now I want resistance right yes 1 2
check 1 2
audio check audio good audio check audio
good now I do check on it it did that's
as good as we're gonna get it oh ok I
think you need to make it better I want
to make it better what is wrong with it
is this mic still network that mic is
now working this mic is working it's
gonna be a problem I guess from Jamie
buddy he cuz he's gonna be on the debt
it's fine it's gonna be fine I think
it's a problem with my cable bud its
problem with your face jack audio is
fine you dinguses I know I know but like
for example speaking of level up
resistance I was listening to our Dark
Souls dream because I want to use that
clip because during the the blood-borne
review we talked about how limited our
knowledge is of Dark Souls yeah and so I
inserted the clip of us going oh someone
told me to level up a resistance and so
anyone who played Dark Souls will get
that that'll be a fun joke for everyone
and like listening to our audio during
that which was one of our first streams
was agonizing yeah you know and I'd like
to consider us professionals and we're
you know we are trying to make a quality
product here for people it's fine it's
fine everything everything's fine all
the time audio is fine yes audio is fine
now so many things to do I forgotten
what I've done inhabit time uh and I've
gotten good far you've gotten good far
church of the good chalice
what kind of interface are we using
we're using my zoom h6 which is just you
know a standalone audio recorder that I
have but the neat thing it does is I can
plug in all of these microphones because
it has four XLR inputs and I can
individually adjust the levels for each
of us which as we've talked about before
is really important with rich because he
has a super voice mm-hmm
and so we each have our own microphone
and I try to dial in our levels
correctly so that you know when rich
shrieks in terror and or delight he
doesn't he doesn't blow out everything
that's good I you know what I can I
can't find any of these people how are
you finding these people windows doors
all windows there's like a special red
lamp by the ones you can interact with
and some of them have people who might
be able to get back to the church sure
maybe I just don't talk to anybody
that's just me though what happened to
the elgato uh I had the elgato today and
rich wanted to start streaming without
me so he just he just started nobody
gives a fuck about the story of cares
about being and that's okay that's
really okay yes yes
Jack talked to everybody I am talking to
everybody what are you talking about
Jack is really lonely sometimes you know
sometimes but I think we all feel that
way sometimes
damnit the bagman pretty good at that
Perry yeah and you gotta be jack
it helps animist Prime I am specifically
talking to you
it's a hold of me Walsh
he says holy crap rich a lot of people
care about the story in these games it's
a whole debate really the story of this
game I I don't care no they give us
enough which is you know there are
demons and you've got a killer and then
they give us little glimpses you know
like the the zombie guys at the
beginning calling you the Beast the
other hunters that turn evil and you
have to fight there's this whole sub the
story thing that's happening where you
get to kind of fill in the pieces
yourself it's very nice they're handling
it correctly which is letting you figure
it out on your own
being alone is good sometimes as you
should what
I don't know what's that no that's a
thing we must have said something that
triggered like the use voice command oh
really oh don't don't say it again
I mean we must
so what you mean to say is that I get
their motivation yes I understand my
character's motivation in this 100% it's
to kill the people that are trying to
kill me yeah that's the easiest that's
the easiest motivation in the world and
I love it yeah I think it's too vague
for me to care about the story yeah
let's guys you're no other is that's
right fools Vern if you like it you can
dive into the story but it doesn't force
you to watch a bunch of shit that's
exactly what it is like there there are
times when I like watching a bunch of
shit I love your heroes oh right
but to put it in a game like this you
the player gets to dictate their own
pace and so if you want to learn more
about the story you can you have that
option and if you don't you don't have
to but you get to choose and so it's a
unique experience for everyone which is
what makes it wonderful it does look
like the gentleman ghosts from banner
goes it's a DC comic thing is it yeah
it's not like a Venture Brothers thing
oh maybe it is or maybe I'm thinking
about ghost robot I've only seen him in
Batman The Brave and the bold so it
might be like a lesser lesser DC thing
no red oh good Gold team I don't think
that story and video games is I think
that story in video games is completely
irrelevant to the art form but the way
in which the handle doling out of the
story that's that's what differentiates
a game from a movie and so when you in
your game when you have a cutscene
you're basically just saying well we're
not gonna be a game right now we're
gonna have a movie you can have a game
with a strong story you can have a game
that doesn't care about story you know
judge each case on a case by case basis
yes but having a story or not having a
story does not dictate to be our
everything's fine it's true
you know what it's really good movie
dicks needs your help you need to tell
us the plot to Dolomites I you know what
I can't remember Dolomites I don't have
to watch it again that's right you guys
were watching blaxploitation films disco
Godfather dolomite you've never seen
disco Godfather Oh Lulu what has you
done I hate those things right isn't
that isn't that another beautiful
element of the game though is you just
fought relatively unscathed two giant
skeleton with an axe and were you fine
but then a crow my kids love reading
comics yes we we go to the comic store
often we read comics a lot yeah we we
read a lot of comics and it's great for
them they're a bunch of kid comics that
we have now to the Captain Underpants
series of books we are burning through
at the moment great nothing but poop
jokes nothing but proven fart jokes
really great really great stuff Oh rich
I don't know if the chat has told you
what's worse than that
what's worse than that seven what what's
the worst possible thing you can imagine
coming out of five minutes
movie yeah movie might be better than
the game I'm dead serious you know what
you're probably right the only thing it
has going for it is creepy imagery no
and that would work in a movie as
opposed to a game where you're literally
doing nothing yeah yeah it's it's
perfect though I like if they're gonna
make a found footage movie and it's
gonna be like that's exactly what a
cynical indie game though yeah one was a
good hint so they pumped out three more
yep as quickly and as carelessly as they
could uh-huh they made a bunch of money
more more power to them right because
they made a bunch of money yep but
people need to be smarter they've really
you need to be smarter like the first
one could have been a fun funny like
side note you know but Noah then we have
okay fear the old blood
that's exactly it's it's exactly 100%
going to be a found footage movie
because that's that's what the game is
you know that's what they is that's what
the game is it's good yes it's going to
be a new paranormal activity absolutely
it's bit because those are super cheap
to produce it has a recognizable title
it makes perfect sense on paper which is
why I'm not surprised to be fair my
opinion on the making movie on that
actually went down after you said phone
footage so but that's what's gonna have
a show that's all paid oh you found the
forbidden words or another entrance to
the forbidden woods okay
yes unfriended did you see that movie
trailer that's the Skype horror movie oh
its timing I thought it follows was the
the Twitter horror movie no that's
supposed to be the good horror movie
it follows it's supposed to be like the
the really good indie horror movie and
then unfriended is the is the bullshit
Skype Twitter
you're right Joey Belladonna rich you
shouldn't go this way it's forbidden
rich doesn't seem to like it but I mean
you know it's gonna be a long night
oh snap indeed this guy when it comes to
video games story is a frilly scarf
I think gameplay is God when it comes to
video games story is a frilly scarf that
you wrap on as an extra and it doesn't I
mean they they both can exist in the
same in the same world yeah game playing
story going to cannon fit together and
have fit together nicely games but I
mean I also in general agree with you I
if I if I have to choose between a good
game and a good store good game playing
a good story it's always always gonna be
good game play I think I think a really
interesting or fun story can make up for
mediocre gameplay is not necessarily bad
game
I think that's silly hi laser face McCoy
hi hi there's so many places to go I
don't know what I've missed
oh no and they've already lost the
fucking Forbidden Forest
it is you will get lot you you'll be
nothing but loss it's an exploration
gold - well yes it can be frustrating
the Forbidden Forest I've gotten lost so
many times in here
that's a good yes you know this area a
lot because you're here who this is my
this is mildly exciting this game is a
lot more than mildly exciting pretty
darn exciting pretty darn exciting
nice jump stab yes have you um have you
tried like the combos with the switching
of the weapons stuff isn't Alex I don't
think they work as well with this shit
it doesn't it does not but it's still
pretty awesome yeah um just too big a
delay yes
Poe collects in the I wants to know if
I'm involved in space cop a little bit
I'm involved slightly I appear in space
cop and and I am I got this Terrence not
I it was the first thing I grabbed
that's the only thing that's up here
I'll make it work uh oh my god hello
check check Mike check
I can see the chat on my phone
technology aren't you special this is
amazing how do they do this Oh God what
I grunted dude why don't you just hit
your microphone oh maybe I grunted sweet
setup this this is pretty great it was
not a mugging it this is how a mic J
sounds perfect in December of 8 enemies
I think I realized what what my problem
was I was having nothing but trouble
with the Richard microphone rich is
poison to microphones for some reason
100% my fault I had the wrong mics
plugged into the wrong thing so I was
fiddling with your mic volume and you
have here so eventually just got suppose
like yeah every sounds alright
but by the way Rich's level was equal to
mine even though he had no mic anywhere
near him because rich is magic and
terrifying
yeah Rich's audio whenever we do
anything never makes any sense it's so
bizarre maybe I'm a ghost there's
something supernatural going on yeah
it's quite possible you hear ghosts
yeah Jade just upgraded from his flip
phone he's very excited
he had his uh his droid razr a joke I
don't over then rather the razor that
was like the first like Finn oh yeah
everyone had that ring someday I'll have
I need one you barely use your elbow I
said someday I'm in a rush what bothered
some people don't might be neat every
now and then
I can look at them out I'm my phone that
comes in handy a lot I don't have a lot
of useless apps on my phone I have stuff
that is actually helpful or that I use
regularly mm-hmm we record for you know
GPS or whatever yeah I'm gonna do how do
you do twitcasting what what what's a
toy multi-layered twitcasting what no
you don't do that what oh you do it on
the pad sharing oh when you're pon did
you tell you what a life twit stream why
are you meerkat what that's the thing
meerkat meerkat
that's a cat no it's a new thing oh is
the new like like vine and now there's
meerkat meerkat is live streaming from
your phone Twitter oh I have heard of
this yeah it's the new one it's the new
one it's probably a fail no I'm like no
it no it won't fail because it means
that you're constantly filming yourself
and people love to do that expose could
you press up X already why doesn't that
shit just go away on its own I would
love it for it to go away there's a
chance that's the same cat that's the it
is okay that's interesting
rich likes it on the TV okay which is
everybody
ah I agree I think that can be a plus
and a minus
Oh potentially well we'll see what
people think yes I agree there is a
there is a way we can do that through
through OBS put the chat in there but
then you know you have to make like the
game screen a little smaller now sure we
could do that a face cam news updates
and what song we're playing through
Spotify there's like a million little
apps that you can add to your screen oh
my god I know what's this modify a
horrible glory thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it also rich
reads Stardust thank you for subscribing
we've well I've never used Spotify
neither know is it's like Pandora or is
it something different it's something
different I mean I know it's not exactly
Pandora cuz it's got a different name
think of it more like Netflix for movies
where you could listen to whole albums
is what you listen to is it how big is
the library pretty big okay the assuming
they're ads in between songs or
something the no no you pay monthly oh
they don't have a free version like
Pandora knows well maybe they do it's
been a while okay it's been a while but
a lot of artists have been complaining
lately that they don't get oh yeah we've
got Taylor Swift's go after him and so
jay-z started his own
Spotify desk service just for his music
Ferno did like he just started his own
for all of him and his friends okay
artists in general I forget what it's
title thank you title is jay-z like
hobos and title people seem to like it
or they don't you know what I bet some
people like it sure and others they
don't like they just like it yeah and
then there are some people like me who
know nothing about it or a little enough
to tell Jay about it everyone wants
money it's true everyone wants money
does money get you thinks money gets you
things they don't actually want the
money what the things the money gets you
ah I I have no inherent love them small
green pieces of paper sure sure
but like the
the place I get to live in because of
those small green pieces of paper I well
I like I can cap the middle back half
this place to live without the small
pieces of paper I would be happy
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
will you very much a break Giada it's
like that famous line from the David
Mamet movie heist to this day I still
don't understand what the fuck it means
okay the line is everyone everyone wants
money that's why it's called money what
what does that mean we actually made fun
of that and Girl Interrupted like we
said when you're after the hookers scene
and you're like that really hit the spot
and uh these like hookers usually do
that's why they're called hookers I
think that was an intentional joke based
on the David Mamet film place that's a
really weird quote David Mamet has some
bizarre dialogue
oh it's around here this is where you
get to the thing with the Giants gonna
kill dogs in their cage the creepy dogs
and they will kill you let's say it
looks like a tiger it's like a zombie
dog okay so you say offer Tiger another
dog interesting J fact dragon aardvark
thank you for subscribing we very
appreciated I reached out to be a chatty
people I was trying a new thing on
Sunday it was supposed to collect a list
of all of our subscribers and so then
instead of thanking them as they
subscribe we could just like taking like
a break every half hour hour and be like
these are all the people that's which
seemed like a good idea the only problem
was it only listed it only catalogued to
new subscribers not people who were
researched out to them a little bit on
the Twitter's and whatnot and they said
they don't think there's a way to do
that there should be there should
someone get on this invent this there
should be a way but you'll make $2,000
we will pay you $5 well yeah we're
tipping lobby five bucks it's time what
are you talking about the some people
would like to know your thoughts and
some current events Oh having to do with
things that you enjoy but I don't enjoy
anything okay well then they go
especially not now that David Lynch left
Twinkies uh it's a sadness to quote
David Lynch it's a sadness oh I have a
feeling that he will be back do you
think I think so because there's been
nothing but negativity thrown at
Showtime since this all happened
worst case scenario he doesn't come back
for whatever reason all the scripts are
written him and Mark Frost wrote the
scripts oh so and it's not like he
directed every episode of the original
series directed the best ones and there
would be you know certain elements
missing if he doesn't do the new one
like the fact that
Bob character like the only reason that
character even exists is because they
were shooting a scene and they happened
to catch a crew member in the mirror and
it ended up in the episode and David
Lynch just spun that into it the whole
Bob thing is that true yeah bob was a
crew member he just happened to get
caught in the mirror in a scene and that
like the show went in a completely
different direction the most interesting
thing about it exists because of a
mistake and that's why David Lynch is
great because of things like that oh my
god that's brilliant that yeah that's
sort of like improvisational filmmaking
like that won't exist if he's not
directing new ones right but the basic
story will be there the scripts are
there I'm sure they will bring in
interesting directors that's worst-case
scenario it won't be as good of a show
but at least till they've had some
involvement um but I I think he'll be
back you think I think you would like to
think I would like to think I don't know
I don't think I think he he made a big
play as far as like announcing that it's
not happening and it's about money yeah
and I think that's a big enough play to
get out of it you know like why make
that announcement if if you think you
are in any way gonna be working with
these people again well I think it's a
power play because of Showtime issued a
statement shortly after that where they
were like we didn't even we didn't know
he was leaving we thought we were close
to coming to a final deal so him doing
that is like you need me
that's him his wife's like cuz he knew
how people would react sure something he
wasn't doing and obviously most of the
cast is behind him hi McLaughlin's been
very silent I think he may have already
signed a contract of some sort so he
can't say anything negative possibly I
don't know I'm sure but cuz everybody
else have a video out now or they're all
talking about it mmm oh they can't do
Twin Peaks without David Lynch more than
more than Twin Peaks I was just excited
the David Lynch was gonna be directing
something new right like it's you know a
bonus that it's twin
but it could be anything he directed
something new I would be excited a guard
list so I'm more bummed about that the
idea of him not directing something sure
sure
so I don't know we will see it seems
like everything is blown up at a really
expediate and rates where it's like just
playing others like hashtag save Twin
Peaks and there's like websites and
videos devoted to it and it's like no
one knows exactly what's going on really
it's all kind of vague which is probably
if if David Lynch was making the the you
need me play that's exactly what he
wants
no sure it's like a look at one look at
all the free publicity yeah
then I just gave you I friends it up
into you need me yeah yeah actor
interrupted thank you for subscribing oh
no this is rich playing I played the
last couple of streams now rich rich
coyotes
damn it was only fair that I get to
stream it is it is really tough
especially being this close to the
controller and you know we're gonna grab
it just knowing that I can't do this
and that's fine no that's fine by the
way I'm just yeah I'm here having a good
time ran the wires down and back here so
they're not all over the so that's
amazing long wires
yep is that is their key to it okay yeah
yeah I like this setup this is comfy
mm-hmm
also yes we all saw
than Robert Siddhartha's bad rest and
peace rest in peace he's interesting
because I saw I posted the original
article about him passing away and it's
like man these are some really
unflattering pictures they're using for
this article and then I realized that
it's that's just because pictures of
Robert cigar what-have-you some older
sister richelieu they're saying you
missed an important item in a house back
at that village place really what
village place the village place is urine
so there's an important item
I watched Maniac Cop to the night Robert
Siddarth died Oh tonight I found out
Maniac Cop 2 is amazing yeah and you
know I I did not my first time ever
seeing Robert sad aren't anything I
think was samurai cop yeah you know most
people I think knowing his biggest movie
was Tango in cash
oh she was one of the bad guys in that
which I've never seen I've never seen
tango and cash so I feel like I should
see it it's Kurt Russell come on oh and
here's the thing I have seen tango Akash
and I just don't remember a minute I
like but yeah that was like a gonna take
us when we go which building huh
which building Chad oh maybe they were
trying to get you to fall
who said that
what am I missing
I'm watching I'm watching for it but you
know the saddest part was I saw someone
posted an article that was saying that
his family was having trouble raising
the money oh yes I see and it's just
like that's sad that's that for any yeah
but I say as some people mentioned
samurai cop - I don't think it's gonna
affect the productions that movie much
cuz I doubt he would have been in in
much of the movie right was he gonna be
in it and any of it yeah he's gonna be
in it I have a feeling it was just gonna
be like a cameo type thing sure cuz he
but he wasn't yet I I don't know if they
shot us I'm assuming they didn't shoot
herself on the on the upper path there's
they're talking about the poison cave
him I'm I'm actively avoiding them fifty
thousand blood echoes that's a suicide
trip
mister shy smile is wanting to know if
you would like him to tell you a short
cut about a short cut yeah sure go for
it mister shy smile do it do it do what
it what are you trying to say over there
J are you saying he should do it do it I
was quoting Palpatine but he says that
in one of the prequels do it I do it
so the second one says Star Wars Episode
two Attack of the Clones
do you it he waits yes yeah that's to
say this sure I do like that
she enjoy it should I have this cake I'm
going to do it oh you found it
did I he says yeah you found it what is
it what I what's going on yeah
whatever is happening you found it
God well people are saying it's Revenge
of the Sith know about that what does
that do
I don't know oh great great
the gift of the Godhead will grant you
strength look in your inventory what is
that - oh sorry
I'm just curious who did you get a new
gym Oh
oh it's a buying thing where I saw it up
there
nope no back there tonsil stone oh oh
it's a key oh it opens something up it
opens up a new area that's the most
exciting thing I get to go someplace and
do it's weird it's it's a game that
makes you excited to walk around in the
game it's a cool looking game and by the
way like to notice you know Richards
been playing for a while on the same
life and you just notice how he's all
covered in blood doesn't go away oh
that's great it'll tell you until you
leave the world it doesn't go away oh
nice and and like now he's good like the
bottom of his thing is gonna be like
caked in the goop of all this it's
really great that's that's wonderful a
great little visual representation of
how long you've been playing who told me
about that
they had a very long name with X's and
4:20 in it
thank you that person if I see their
name again I will make sure to thank
them no I don't think the chat window
can be resized I think that's just the
size it is there it is xxxx legit 420
noscope x-axis thank you thank you for
that tip rich very much appreciates it
and I do too cuz I'm gonna go home and
do that too
I am you know what I'm putting this out
there I'm a silly billion that happens
oh my god oh oh you know you can come
from the other side of five-year-olds
and grandparents say silly Billy oh
that's cool oh I thought you meant were
referencing the song from the stupids
it's in the stupids it's not from the
same guys I I know I'm sad that I know
that that song is in the movie with
students because that means that I've
seen yep you know who directed the
stupidest John Landis yeah you might as
well know it's a long way down for John
Landis I mean I'm sure he got paid I
would imagine he did I doubt he directed
that for Freeman every time that man
goes to sleep he sees decapitated
children
he let me have some hits after that
accident like people think that's what
killed his career but after that was
like coming to America coming to America
was great and won at least one other big
head I mean I'm sure that didn't help
his career at all but he did do some big
stuff still after that happened the
beggar know here behind the cannon up
there where that glowy thing is yeah cuz
Niedermayer from Animal House whatever
that actor's name is he's in the stupids
yeah oh he's a local guy yeah um mark
mark Metcalf mark red Gavin he came into
the hardware store a couple times when I
worked there yeah
and I was like obviously I wasn't like
starstruck but when he left I was like
hey this the guy from Animal House
pretty cool and nobody else cared the
guy from Animal House and the we're not
going to take it music video yes yes
which is more bharden and you gotta go
in the bill and he was the maestro on an
episode of Seinfeld oh that's right
that's right
Mary's a solid character actor I love an
animal house rich alicia's thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
yeah no I think they're like he's had
some few minor roles here there that's
kind of nice
richer wishes rich elation
all right we're were worse than that
yeah oh no no somewhere out here but
it's in here
yeah missing yeah and like the cannons
up there like you have to climb up and
then like strategically drop down on
things you have to you have to do two
platforming maybe that maybe it sounds
around
this is familiar yeah drop down on that
okay you know what open up open up some
open you already feel my water you can
have a pair if you would like oh my god
someone just asked about the Scientology
documentary I haven't seen it is it out
yet
Oh going clear yeah it's like a tell-all
about Scientology that's great
uh yeah I'm curious about it I don't I
didn't know it was out if it is I want
to hear more about those crazy scientist
and her stupid wrong ideas I hope
there's a whole section of the movie
devoted to Battlefield Earth oh it's uh
name is on okay I will check it out
there's a shortcut I can open up in this
building it's not check that might be
the other building that looks just like
that building Oh
oh it's not on Amazon it's on HBO oh
yeah that doesn't help me think you're
right yeah oh you mean like the elevator
shortcut right by the yeah that would be
a really nice thing to get oh well I'll
get the very first get the beggar and
get the candidate
that'd be kid never mind no I don't want
to I don't care I don't want a backseat
game yeah it's Parrish pear oh my god I
should have backseat game cuz I was
gonna warn you about him I'm sorry yeah
well yeah I did you almost died I know I
did because I didn't want a backseat
game man I would have taken you a long
time to get there yeah and what a very
far away so rich is collecting in the
top right corner do you see that sixty
one thousand four hundred name yeah
those are blood echoes and that's
basically your currency in the game you
use that to upgrade stuff okay and if
you die you drop all of them you then
can try to make it back to them and you
can pick them up if you can make it back
to them but they disappear if you die
again before you get there yes and given
how challenging the game is it's
sometimes you lose sometimes you lose
so that quarter a little bit too fast
slow and easy
now wait look down might not appear I
want to say I don't know if it's in here
if it's like a different area check this
out first yeah this is exciting
oh it's totally up here but yeah the
bigger is what all the can of cannons in
here yeah did the bedroom before he
dropped down okay yeah do it well I play
witcher 3 when it's out yeah i don't
know what's the witcher game maybe
probably action I get to bring aboard I
started playing the first one I handed
yeah i know ii was supposed to be a lot
better but i still rich like before I'm
more of an actor hammer guy well you can
kill that I know I know you shouldn't
save this guy but I'm going to kill him
after I say this because I hear you get
it a lot of blood echoes for murdering
him hmm
I didn't even know you could murder
these people until I accidentally did it
one time and I got a really Swick 'add a
wicked ass blood gem I was really
excited about it for which the the old
guy that points you to the lake for the
spider oh oh really yeah you got a
wicked blood Jim
okay so now fart around and like look
down it's somewhere we're or is that it
did you already fall down one boom
everything we need here nice wicked Ford
with a sweet wicked thordan cuz that's
what I wanted to say I wanted to say
sweet wicked Swick it's a new word yeah
somebody added to the urban dictionary
that's like wicked wicked wicked why not
it's thicket what it's cricket cricket
you gotta know what a crumpet is to
understand cricket damn dog taking it
back probably not I have not beaten the
game no and I don't think I'm close but
also I am in general a notoriously slow
gamer like I don't I don't push through
stuff right now I am wilfully exploring
I'm backtracking just to look for shit
we've done
progress wise I am to the third
gravestone and have made some decent
progress but I I don't even think I'm
close to the end which I'm really happy
about
I started a new character because I
hated my specs mmm I suspect wrong and
so I'm a little further back than why
I've gotten to the Blood Moon okay I
beat the spider round I didn't get much
further past that oh okay oh here it is
then you can do stuff like this which is
like you know rich has been out just out
in the wild for so long but now he's
found a shortcut to get back to the
place where you respawn but you can only
open it from one side to have to go like
all the way around but then you can open
it so the next time you're you respawn
you can get there much faster I'm gonna
cash in the package yeah you probably
have a couple like blood thingies - guys
I want to buy something yep oh yeah I
got killed by the at listen everybody
got killed by that first bag man the
first and everyone saw the bag man in
there first time I won't ruin it for you
but the first time you see that bag man
you will shit your pants that's not
that's supposed to be there yes you you
get far enough in the game and it starts
randomly replacing enemies with these
enemies called bag men I don't know if
it's random maybe it's not random but
it's you don't expect it like it's like
oh I'll go kill this enemy I know where
it's a bag man and clean my chair bags
on their head so they call back sack
filled with something okay so um over
there back but you don't know what they
swing at you okay yeah I bet it's human
body parts oh that's what's in that bag
I bet you're right it's great is what it
is this game is full of great nope we're
not playing The Last of Us not gonna
happen at all
what is that there's a game it's a game
that rich and I are not playing okay so
why are you so against playing it it is
heavily scripted it is miss story
notoriously more story focused and one
of those and we've recently had some
issues with some game focused
I've been wedged into the story didn't
look obnoxiously schmaltzy yeah yeah
it's a little girl it's Oscar Oscar bade
the game yes it's about a little girl
losing her innocence in the mushroom
zombie apocalypse mushroom zombies
they're not they're not zombies it's a
fungus and so they all have like little
mushroom head things but I mean they're
zombies okay we're not we're not gonna
play we're most likely not going to
enjoy it
so why it's why did I miss one muscley
Native American thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it and thank you
dick neutron pointing out
playing a dangerous game rich why do you
have your torch out oh that's what I'm
that's why I'm not sure it yep that's
why I'm a student
we figured it out rich was failing
because he messed up messing up usually
does result in failure mmm rip his guts
out so what's the story well what's the
don't care you're a vague it's vague
literally vague mmm in the opening
sequence a very awful looking man is
replacing your blood with some sort of
other substance and then you're telling
your told your you're hunting you're a
hunter and you just go out and you fight
monsters yeah okay they're vague hints
and story things but there's nothing
that's I've seen that's really concrete
on what's going on and what you have to
do the Senate is voting on the vote
there was something you were talking
about before were you just saying like
there's no like you must return the
crystal chalice to the tree of Everwood
no there's no bullshit like that okay
you killed the things that are trying to
kill you and that's it all right it's
great it's great there's there's no and
there's no like there's no like mini
objectives
you know like in some games it'll be
like in this area you must you know yeah
dude this thing that there's it
literally never tells you anything you
just walk until you find more things to
murder like these giant poison things
yeah be smart some cool creatures in
this yes there are I love this costume
oh yeah go with the poison fruit
costumes also be careful you might be
sneaking up on you okay okay
no no there are quests there are quests
in the game but they don't give you
quests you have to figure out what the
quest is you know which is the great
thing about it like there are things to
do but it never tells you what to do
sure does
oh you got
about his guts
nice nice place
the fungus in the last of us are called
cordyceps which is a real-life fungus
that gets into the brain of ants and
then uses their body like a car in a
real life holy shit that's awesome
causes the ants to climb up really high
I'm like a bird and it's like I'm like a
blade of grass or something you really
don't know I don't know and then they
died and the fungus sprouts out of their
head and holy shit that's amazing that's
crazy
so that's what the fungus from the last
of us is based on okay that's fine I
mean they're still zombies that's like
when people get upset like butts I've
got like 28 days later yeah they're not
zombies sir affected living there
they're zombies they're essentially
zombies not even essentially yeah
finest fuck if it's if it's a generic
third-person shooter large stretches I
don't want to play right now if it's a
generic third-person shooter with with
little in the way of enemy variety I've
no interests at all no interest also the
developers of the game are I've made
some other things that I don't much care
for baby I haven't played any of the
Uncharted games to be fair but I haven't
because they look kind of dull oh it
looks like bad platforming and bad
shooting that's you you you haven't what
might be a very fun action adventure
story grafted onto it but it looks like
very bland shootings and very bland
blood for me yes I'm not interested and
most generic like most generic foe
Indiana Jones story imagine of all you
know Nathan Drake just gonna get rich
he's the thief with the heart of gold
it's it's not terrible it's bland I'm
not gonna call it terrible it's very
bland
she runs run run run Oh
rich you would love it with large cabin
is their extremely generic third-person
shooting and extremely generic
platforming was it in blend for stealth
sections mmm here's and lots of lots of
linear corridors where the scripted
story takes place Oh any of these things
true I bet there's a corridors I here's
here's what I'm gonna say
does the exploration involve in walking
down the hallway where there's the one
door you can open here's here's what I
want to say I'm going to change our not
gonna play it to maybe one day because
maybe that'll make them shut up mm-hmm
people are saying no to a lot of this
rich maybe you shouldn't be so quick to
judge I'm gonna be quick to judge
because I want to I don't
sometimes you don't wait to go through
the light sometimes you have to use your
past experiences to inform your future
decisions that's how things work that's
how humans evolved
or you put your Thord into a bigger
Thord and it's a bigger thorn oh there's
a secret over here many people are
saying listen to Jake I don't even know
what we're talking about but that's okay
no way don't go there anymore run to run
back really first of all this dump
why is it done well cuz you lost health
because if you could have climbed out oh
that guy gives you stuff you see that
creepy little skeleton guy he's kind of
pros are trying to kill him why don't I
stop and look around that's a good idea
jack he's gonna run away well he shows
up randomly he doesn't hurt you
yeah that is my crocodile brain
understand there is a there's a secret
back well next time you died back back
by yeah next time you die there's a
secret by by the bottom of the elevator
the pretty sweet secret no actually I
don't even know what's there
the secret is sweet the the I don't know
if the item is any good I forget whether
or not the item is worth it but the
movie the item no it's not worth it yeah
it's Aaron I saw like the moment you
realized what I was talking about there
is that some Oh Mary you didn't and then
BAM well it was like it was it took me a
couple times like well such a generic
title right we stream so late at night
cuz sometimes we work during the day and
there's not that wait for us right I'm
sorry that it's 4:00 a.m. in Europe
that's not our fault I really do
apologize but this is you wanna if you
want to pay all of us first-class
tickets to England and then put us up
with like a hotel and then get it rent
us out some studio space while we're
there
mm-hm and and just throw out a week for
us and we'll we'll stream from your
always so you only you can't just stream
in a different time here I mean we could
you have to go to Europe to do it so we
have to do this for some other guy
no we wait why is his way more important
than ours
you would want to do a suspicion or
European friendly streams you've done
that before anything you do the Super
Bowl we did that for the Super Bowl we
did a European friendly stream Andy and
I want to say it was successful and so
we will be doing more European friendly
streams but you know we're trying to
stay with the schedule and this is the
schedule it works for us and I'm sorry
that it doesn't but we will try
them's them's the brakes can or them's
the brakes thing I mean either way
either way you wanna play that free
record a stream has been stream it live
during European time
oh my god so that would be they
previously recorded previously recorded
live but not live only if we change our
names to ban it good
I saw someone mentioned Twin Peaks I
already talked about it I'm gonna get
her earlier folks they don't know him I
can't talk about it anymore it's too
depressing yeah I did not know that they
already had scripts it yeah so the whole
thing is scripted but if Lynch was
directing the likely change as it went
along and evolve and get weird right it
wouldn't stick to the script as he were
just written and not directed anything
besides Twin Peaks like his even written
and not directed a movie has he written
a movie that he didn't direct that no
that's the question he's written he
wrote at least one book which I have not
read okay called catching the big fish
um but no he's never written something
that he didn't do it okay cuz yeah he
wrote twin peaks' episodes that he did
not direct yes
I'm fine need more discussion about
sweet potatoes listen I got a snack the
other day at the grocery store it's
sweet potato chips no salt added no
preservatives or anything into sweet
potato chips and they're delicious so
that's our sweet potato talking I in
general dislike sweet potatoes they're
great this is literally all we can
muster I don't know I haven't spent too
much time down here cuz I got scared I
got scared and ran away
really yeah I do like this is where I'm
heading next though because I want to
unlock the path back to the clinic and
this is how you do it
unlocking that main gate
I haven't spent too much time down here
but I think I think my hatred of sweet
potatoes it comes from an early
Thanksgiving early in my life
Thanksgiving okay in which I did not
know what sweet potatoes were and so I'm
so good or sorrows but what I did was I
mixed them with my regular potatoes Oh
mix them together then you put great
like just thinking like Oh fun orange
potatoes I realizing that they have a
completely different taste absolutely
and so it's just one of those things
where it was worse because my brain was
expecting something else that'll happen
oh there was a ladder there apparently I
I wanted to fully explore the bottom
first
okay I know I even know where it goes oh
there you go
I don't know why rich was just hanging
out inside the poison just farting
around that's what you do sometimes I
don't I don't hate your opinions but
sometimes y'all that snooty about being
European when you're acting snooty about
being American rich
oh my banks do you know paying a murder
by being snooty about them yeah you're
Devlin up on this news I'm not I'm not
the one saying them they're watching the
wrong football I think that should just
fury aids me Shep blowing out your ass
i watch the exciting football you can
watch the boring one another down the
elevator I don't care about that I'm
focused on a different thing entirely
different I just want to show you
something cool shut up rich doesn't like
things that are cool or anything for
that matter
that's true are you alright what was
this a great mazing thing go down the
thing it's just gonna be like a fucking
skeleton that's just sitting there in
day she's gonna be a scale up to sit
there the quarry exam that cool fuck
Jimmy let's go it'll be wearing
sunglasses no it's okay I'm gonna have
to take it take a right okay now keep
going right okay now drop down there now
oh there's a guy to fight and a thing a
gory thing over here where did you get
on oh yeah there it is my first time
around okay I didn't know by the way I
didn't know that you could just walk
over that thing I had to like you know
cuz they do run and hit the the dodge
but you jump so I thought it was like a
neat thing where it's like you never
have to use a jump button but now
they're makes trick but apparently it
wasn't his twin blood song he doesn't
well I thought the jumping thing was
cool hundred I thought the jumping thing
but you didn't have to do this right
over there's no jumping well it didn't
take you very long get some more blood
is that true when you do the visceral
attacks your hand it turns into a claw I
can't see I can't see that's what
someone just said you do you like you
never go in with your weapon though you
do reach in with your hand so that's
neat
I think that's neat
you know what I'm gonna get some more
entirely different from what yeah I keep
trying to find a way up this thing
because there's a secret doodad up there
up there I don't know I don't know how
to get up there though on the outside
there's a glowy thing I can't find a way
up no that would be easy whoa
I'm hella drank oh I'm sure Jay
appreciates you giving him all the
things
hello drink oh I'm never gonna talk
about anything ever that you suggest
from now on never again even if it's
something we're talking about hello
Draco you blew it
and yeah I do plan on watching the
daredevil Netflix original that's coming
out soon man I'm a Marvel fan boy I'm
gonna watch this shit they make you know
what I rewatched last night I don't know
why I just felt like watching it I
watched the first Iron Man movie yeah
it's great it is it feels so quaint now
like compared to everything else come
since that's so simple that was the
beginning I still have problems with the
third act but the first like hour that
movie oh well it's like two hours long
so the first hour and a half is really
great yeah no I know you hate fact that
movie up until that is this character
thing yeah and then Jeff Bridges just a
medium that has a larger I've got a
bigger Iron Man suit here's my question
how would you and Emily oh god I could
or should they have done different I
don't know that would require a lot of
thought my god I don't know I think I
thought they were related the movie was
so clever up until then and that's like
the least clever thing possible you can
still have your big you know slam-bang
action and Dean I just didn't think any
of the action in that part was
particularly good okay probably probably
if they set up some sort of bigger
rivalry between them or some sort of
like knowledge rivalry he tried to have
him killed what I'm saying you tried to
have him killed him it was pretty basic
plain motivation like I want your
company it's a superhero movie yes there
are no Marvel care oh sure I'm fine with
Jeff Bridges motivation as a villain hmm
I just thought the action got kind of
generic
that point I agree but it still is Jeff
Bridges in a giant robot suit his
character's name is Obadiah Stane yes I
have seen all those shots of Ryan
Reynolds in the Deadpool outfit yeah
that's good I haven't seen any of that
stuff the movie might be bad I'm
mentally prepared for it to be a bad
movie I don't care how who's like
directing or is there anything anything
yeah I don't know I mean no no it's
filming right now like we know it okay I
haven't been paying attention huh Ryan
Road this is you know a very big passion
project for Ryan Reynolds hmm he really
was upset how they handled his character
in The Wolverine Origin movie I see it's
the same actor yeah is he a big Deadpool
fan or something like I think I didn't
care there was there were a lot of fans
Jay yeah okay I just Ryan Reynolds
doesn't strike me as like a comic-book
guy but I guess I don't know much about
him I don't know if he was a comic book
guy maybe he's just like maybe when he's
signed on to that movie he thought he
was gonna get to do more like maybe the
script changed halfway through and so
it's just maybe it's just an actor thing
where he's like no this character was
supposed to be a certain way his movie
sucks
I can do better I swear everybody shots
yeah yeah put me in coach yeah and I in
general really enjoy Ryan Reynolds he's
fine he's fine
he's he had he's a one-trick pony but
man does he do that trick well if you
are looking for the fast-talking smarmy
guy with a heart of gold man you get
Ryan Reynolds in there way better than
Bradley Cooper video no have you seen
the Deadpool angels no okay there's a
Deadpool April Fool I don't go on the
internet on April Fool April Fool's
it's a good idea Mario Lopez
interviewing Ryan Reynolds and talking
about how the movies gonna be pg-13 and
they're kind of like making excuses for
it sure when when Deadpool just walks
like behind the camera behind Mario
Lopez he grabs like a printer walks the
other side and then he just bashes Mario
Lopez over the head with a printer they
say of course the movies gonna be our
rating fucker something like that that's
not the exact oh that's great that will
be our mated of course Deadpool I gotta
say it a comic book movie that's r-rated
that is a little surprising mm-hmm cuz I
mean there's been a few but they always
bomb well this is this is kind of oh oh
you're going to a real new area
oh are you gonna get the Lightning gun I
got really scared of the bad man because
remember I haven't been using Perry so I
just avoid the bagman these are the
bagman - okay they're creepy is a
fucking plane Grim Reaper's
I don't know like I don't have any
feelings towards Deadpool in general
he's always been kind of a joke
character okay I know next to nothing
about him he his comic fourth-wall
breaking yeah wow that dark humor he
appears as a satire mostly to other
comics and I'm okay with that so I don't
know how perhaps he will perhaps he will
shit perhaps he will shit oh god that's
the great oh my god yeah yeah run away
Wow
yeah they're great perhaps this will be
a wonderful action comedy satire of
modern-day superhero movies okay if the
movie holds true to comic form that
would be amazing
there's like an entirely CGI yes pretty
good that that was actually that's
what's led to the movie be made right
cuz I got leaked on YouTube or something
and reports are that it was Ryan
Reynolds that leaked it oh okay
like you know just get that hype going
huh
but I have no allegiance Nellie just a
dead ball I have not seen literally I
have not seen any Avengers two trailers
that's not one cuz I know I'm gonna see
it so I don't care about trailers yeah
yeah it's best to go in blind mmm I know
nothing about it and I'm really excited
the first teaser trailer lights I'm sure
it's gonna be funny but I'm not you're
not hyped free for just like an okay
action movie like no I mean I'm it's not
like I'm not looking forward like I'm
you know like oh now I gotta see the
Avengers like I'm gonna see it I'm sure
it'll be fun but I'm not like super
excited okay I'm with you
to me it's like we had the you know all
the Marvel movies we have to lead up to
the Avengers we had the Avengers movie
that to me is like that's the big you
know that's the big moment I want to
point out something about this game okay
you know I wasn't that forbidden yeah
look I'm an entirely different area and
I'm still exploring new ground yeah
isn't that great I think so in that
grade can you do that The Last of Us how
do you do that completely different
atmosphere completely different monsters
some difference well and I'm still gonna
make progress in the game while I do it
yeah infinitely bright I know but isn't
that a completely different type of game
though wouldn't it be like saying that
disappointed that this drama movie isn't
funnier I'm just trying to genuinely
eske's I don't know any guys think
though that last what sounds like a kind
of game I'm just okay
the real idea I have not come across
this yet great the real idea is national
many games lack run and so the last of
us might be an okay story it might even
be a decent game but as you play the
game again and not miss because maybe
all the enemies what's the same maybe at
the environment out and so here is a
game that does a great job of changing
even though the mechanicals never change
you're fighting the same way the first
five minutes you're fighting different
fighting different things in the areas
that's kind of that was
you're fighting a lightening werewolf
that's great
yeah and I'm dead that'll do it he toss
you under the ground
look glitchy little glitchy every now in
the game either was unintentional and
then they're gonna put his gravestone
right there because he's already very
very good
no we have not played the last those we
might play it we have to say that
because we're making assumptions based
on based on me
the trailers based on everything they've
shown us they haven't shown me anything
that's made me go WOW I need to play
that yes when I see that I'll give a
shit
until then yes yes everything's fine
mostly all the time
it looks small see the people who made
Uncharted the boring third-person
shooter not sold nice my should be Oh
yep yes they're very good at killing me
oh and they don't look like they should
be you know they're you know like
hunchbacked old ladies but man they they
jump injuries they sure is what is
schmaltz stop using old man words isn't
it old man word schmaltz as it is a
common phrase it's a very common word
maybe you need to expand your vocabulary
no Smackdown yes what what do you people
of course we are judging a game before
you play it should you buy everything
before you decide we're not you want to
buy it is that others first once once
again new the reason humanity has
evolved
now is because we use past experiences
to evaluate future decisions
maybe I should eat this green leaf
everyone else seems to have died what
eating this green wait but you know what
I won't know until I try I will say it's
like with videogames they're unlocked
like I can say you know I really the
thing I can relate this to is news right
I go see many bad movies but they're a
lot less expensive than buying a
brand-new game pensive time comes oh
yeah games are time-consuming and
expensive yeah
what can understand being more picky but
do you think for example the column Oh
God right you have already made
assumptions about a cop absolutely
you've not seen I have not seen the
cobbler but using your mighty human
brains you can understand the elements
that are involved in that and put
together a rough idea what to expect
yes that's true the cobbler by the way
is the new Adam Sandler that's another
one that's coming out is another movie
we can make
it's true it's real add or no but movies
are also I'm gonna do it also cheaper
than video yes oh my god oh my god
I done that was like nothing no nothing
you didn't fucking nothing
you are the trophy congratulations
people are mentioning boyhood that's the
exact opposite where it's like based on
the trailers based on the directors
previous films I thought I was really
going to enjoy boyhood mom and then it
didn't go that way that's true there you
go you never know it could happen both
ways
yeah it can happen both ways rich Evans
monster killer that's right if you want
to we have a prereq Steam account
previously recorded dot R LM at gmail if
you would like to steam gift us games
you can give this bad email address I
assume that you also have access to the
account because you do
listen this is your bad spot yeah I mean
that's a big victory we killed a
lightning werewolf I'd be ready to call
it quits on life if I ever did that
right never gonna top that I'm gonna
jump off a bridge and I'll die no one is
the guy that killed the lightning
werewolf he killed the lightning
werewolf and jumped off a bridge we
don't know why he jumped off of them
bridge we were ready to hand him all of
the money fame in the door killing that
lightning many book deals here were all
of these women and men throwing
themselves at him and we just jumped off
a bridge it's really quite frustrating
for us it just makes the mystery it
makes its story all the more interesting
she's heard about story I I hadn't heard
about can't become of years ago but I
had heard about it to like do days ago
aloud what's your name ELISA Lam was a
woman they found what was up a hotel
right okay and I know what a hotel is
people started complaining about the
water being like sickly sweet and and
sometimes black and they went and
checked the water tanks on the top of
the hotel it's a dead girl floating
around oh where was this at some hotel
in LA I believe Oh 20 20 odd year old
Canadian girl was on vacation and then
I'm dead in a was she murdered and
shudders here's the thing a locked water
tower on top of the tank with an alarm
on it
she managed a drone in there they they
called it a suicide
oh my god there's footage creeping at
you more creepily there's security cam
footage over like a last known footage
of her she's in an elevator acting
extremely strange mm she walks in the
elevator and then for one the elevator
doors just don't close for some reason
but she looks confused about that
mention walks in out of the elevator
then she walks back in and then she's
like ducks in the corner of the elevator
all takes place there for like four or
five minutes oh my walks out of the
elevator she serves her like like this
weird thing with her hands her hands are
flopping around she's just got a shaking
this is creepy as shit and then she's
and then she walks away that's the last
known footage of this woman who
mysteriously appeared inside of a locked
water tower on top of the hotel Wow
maybe she was a mutant and she was
getting her mutant powers of
teleportation but she didn't know how to
use it correctly so she ended up inside
a water tank yeah so completely fucked
up story yeah very interesting
did you hear ya that's creepy
that is it's very creepy but that's you
know that's why Nightcrawler needs to
know a building layout before they go on
a mission so he doesn't end up in a
water tower it doesn't end up in a water
tower sure
her name was ELISA Lam yeah yeah no
people are linking to the video of it oh
my god
oh don't watch the video and that it
would creep me the fuck out yeah I think
I'm well I'm gonna use my blood it goes
that I'm gonna say yeah my priorities
straight
it's cute good I make it happen
that's a that's a good question was
there a movie that you ended up really
enjoying that had a very bad trailer I
don't that much yeah boy I don't know
I'm sure there has been I can't think of
anything any any movie before 1990 you
had an awful trailer that's true the
trailers
thank you sure sure Ghostbusters makes
ghostbusters look like crap yeah it's
fucking ghostbusters yeah a deist
trailers are kind of bad yeah I don't
know I can't think of anything I can
tell you the most amazing trailer I've
ever seen was for Buffalo 66 I don't
even remember the trailer for that I
liked that movie yellow yeah fucking
hate them I can I can understand that
yes but I like that movie anyway
I by the way I am NOT surprised to go
but I like that movie yeah one of the
greatest trailers of all time it's cut
to yeses heart of the sunrise okay which
is this like amazing like mathy prog
rock song probably seen this trailer and
I can't remember it it's the greatest
trailer in the history of trailers it
gets you so pumped to see the movie and
then yeah well that's that's a movie
that's made for trailer images yes that
whole movie is just really breathtaking
images more than anything I really know
and then you cut it to this song and the
song is like kind of all over the place
and you stuttery and jittery and they
cut it to the beats and now beautiful
editing and the movie I was so bored
with yes heart of the sunrise yes in
general is an amazing band if you enjoy
that kind of hard up the sunrise heart
of the sunrise
I'm not familiar maybe I have a nice
tone I think once you hear it bow cap
you've you've probably heard it it's the
song in them I think the songs in the
movie too isn't it
pretty sure that I'm middle it's coming
back to me the trailer a little bit I
think it's a song that's in the movie
but it could be he's okay yes yes you
are
he's chart could I am so curious about
his tire now we have Ishtar on blu-ray
here we have the director's cut of
Ishtar eventually you will probably
watch it we've probably not for a show
cuz it's gonna be an okay movie I
grandma's guarantee it
it's just a notorious flow and the
trailer is incredibly dumb the trailers
not that great now but I I'm very
interested in seeing Ishtar one of these
days yeah I don't think we would ever do
it for like best of the worst cuz it's
not gonna be laughably bad right I'm
just a racing school oh you did miss the
rifle spear I got on my last run it's
missing now not a big deal about it yeah
two weapons that are pretty decently
level I don't want to use that my
completely unleveled I didn't oh yeah no
and I agree this you find again a mild
frustration I have is you know you find
that one maybe two weapon and tactic
that works for you and you don't feel
like you want to branch out with other
weapons we're pausing the stream
actually can I pause it on the
PlayStation rather just in the stream
and then we come back I have no idea
okay well the stream is ending but the
stream the stream shall return okay
Oh what oh no our microphone is being
broadcast yeah but this is not
