Episode 248
Rich's Stolen GTAV
April 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFnntfgEX5w
___________________________________________

why is this a thing Elmo is that you
rich
apparently earlier Rich's microphone was
uh was giving him chipmunk voice no I
don't even know how to do something like
that where you sped up it's one of those
things where the zoom has two different
weight transfer rates 24,000 per second
and 48 kilohertz kilohertz okay and so
if it was set to the other thing maybe
it didn't mesh with 24,000 in 48 those
are the two things well I would love to
take credit for you singing like a chip
home I can
yes we are screaming well here's a
question that I just saw in the chat
jack did you know hit the street down
yeah kind of like garbage
no what's plastic and fake video if
you're gonna if you're gonna make a big
big spiel about doing the HD super HD
version of grand theft auto 5 on the new
consoles you do it right do it right
[Laughter]
[Music]
apparently the music in this opening
sequence which by the way
by tangerine dream Oh piqued my interest
rich has no sound ethereal and dreamlike
thank you for letting it loose
the PlayStation 3 version was bitter
well we well whatever it just seems like
a lazy poor wickets don't complain you
stole this from Jordan well
well fuck you I mean I was just I was
just the way they hype this I was
expecting like a huge boost take
advantage of the new systems looks like
they just poured it over Owen which is
directly straightly twitchplayspokemon
is saying that they downgraded the
graphics with the recent patch to make
it run smoother
right
no we we have never gotten so drunk
while filming best of the worse than we
had to take a break in sober up now
forward we don't get it we don't get
drunk daddy
I have a couple times not very often
which one I get really drunk you can't
get too drunk or you can't have a
discussion I'd also remember that like
we're setting up lights yeah yeah you
have to keep track of technical stuff
audio stuff so we just we can't get too
strong
what we would need will do to a group of
designated driver because it here here P
oh that's yeah the Halloween one that
was pretty drunk yeah I was drinking
well I actually just because we kept
drinking after I have the hollow wine
and then we were drinking after that oh
and that's cuz we didn't have to go
anywhere because we were staying
overnight in the Haunted Mansion it's
right the most reason it's okay because
we still yeah but yeah but in general
you want to be able to have a discussion
you want to 20 comments right you get
too drunk that's not happening perhaps
one day everyone's drunk just to see
what happens and we tried to do a
commentary track where we got completely
drunk and we abandoned it because it was
horrible I think it was Howard the Duck
gonna get super drunk and it was like a
horrible disaster so he never shoot
I work for food person and I want to
walk out eternity look it's like I care
about the driving and the exploration
right Thank You ppreciate I said I have
not yet early on in the stream we're
talking about getting
five is Genesis game boy advance and
doesn't have like an HDMI output HDMI
outputs great great and connectors for
all the original control
I don't hold enough because there there
is a lag come on it's not console there
is a lag and then there is a yeah and
it's I mean it's millisecond you know
like it's nothing
but when you're playing like and it
needs it then you have problems and so
I've been researching it and apparently
they're they're working to fix that and
there are there were they're doing some
workarounds so really what I'm looking
at now is older tube televisions hook up
the real common stupid we have some yeah
of course we have old tube TV series I
think some of them even work yep and so
and there there are Z's like there are
these perfect televisions that are doing
at the end of the tube air that are
giant but still all the old hardware in
them so you can get that perfectly
lagless
[Music]
Oh God I had one I had yeah it was given
to me by someone that upgraded to an
HDTV and it was the heaviest fucking
thing we landed but we drank it upstairs
this is my apartment and I was like I
want to get rid of this immediately so I
put it on Craigslist someone took it
because like I don't even want this in
my place yeah and like I scoured
Craigslist every once in a while I
checked like the market for the it's
like a particular brand of Sony
television just perfect yeah it was the
one that I had it was it was a flat
screen quote-unquote like it was trying
to look like a HD TV because those were
you know starting to become more popular
but it was an old two television I was
so fucking heavy
yeah mr. glitch that's it the the Sony
FV 300 is like the the model that people
where it's like just and you can get one
in like 32 inches at the time was huge
so game game do need to be turned down
in the chat is that what you won it's
quite possible you I don't think you've
messed with the audience you had stirred
it down for blood-borne yeah it's turn
it down for blood lock turn down for
blood lock what did you do is that not
refreshing
Meiko refresh now go refresh now now
it's way too fucking far out
fuckin Christ Jesus fook hi Jesus kick
loudly to draw us out that's our TVs
right there is one lady like I want to
say like a month or so ago one came up
on on Craigslist and you have to be the
the thing is you have to be careful
about like the the model number it has
been very it's this very specific one
and all my research there's this like oh
you can't get the F V to 70 because the
way they do scaling it's like what are
you know if you're gonna get a heavy ass
classic TV make sure you get the right
you want to get the right one and so I'm
talking to this lady and she's selling
it through email and she's selling it
for like 20 bucks or something it's like
oh I want that but you know that's like
it was a drive out and it would like it
were to require more than one person to
lift Taryn and she wasn't gonna help me
lift it that was part of the stipulation
that sounds like can you check the model
number and she emailed me back couldn't
find it you know I just want to get rid
of the thing and I know it's like I know
I'm being a total dickhead here just
like no that's fine congratulations are
you are you doing store motor you can
fuck around motor doesn't matter get out
of this okay don't see in first person
while we're driving
there you go that's a nice car I think
this looks great
I mean maybe that's because you know
I've been playing blood-borne and
there's a lot of fancy things going on
in that really I don't know Los Angeles
is this accurate I'm sure it's heavily
based on blood oh it's not okay but like
for the last month like Liberty City it
basically something that looks just like
the Met Building Oh God
now you're just hitting people oh sure
and I'm sure like they have like
neighborhoods that are perfectly
accurate yeah yeah that would be
interesting to me to see one that's
exactly yeah it's a you know we're the
real roads and landmarks and stuff
the guy who the guy who did all the
programming for Super Meat Boy
Tommy my fans I did a charity livestream
in which he chose games with large maps
like grand theft auto 5 and just walked
the entirety of the map in game didn't
drive didn't do any missions just walked
a circle oh okay
oh I didn't know if it was like the
mission to get there with a clean car no
I'm not playing won't you suing us great
that's all okay people are saying that
the draw distance the fog of war in in
older games like they just couldn't
render stuff too far away from the
character and so like if you if you look
if rich goes to like a long Street and
you look really far down it gets foggy
just because they don't want to render
those graphics but oh sure but now this
this actually looks big
[Music]
nice that made the screen I mean beat
this guy
oh you're supposed to be I think he won
though cuz his car's not all I would
have expected expecting them to try and
make it look really really nice visually
I don't think you're supposed to go down
ruin my jump oh no you completed it
great yeah ya did good and sure did not
look very sweet at all oh my god what is
happening with the camera
that he was aiming for me he was trying
to get you yeah why would he do that oh
my god
nice steal that car it's less damaging
than yours
are you trying a trick down oh my god
yeah this is the real game right here
well now you're gonna get shot
people are saying overall they think the
frame rate draw distance lighting and
textures are all improved on this game
it might it might be nostalgic for as
hyped as this was it's not a football
you oh so it's coming it's coming to ps4
it's coming it's coming and they're just
kind of so you agree that there's an
improvement you just think there should
have been more yes okay okay I wonder if
there will they didn't do much to
improve like textures or whatnot I
wonder if they'll be a big jump PC was
seven discs by the way did you see that
no for one game for one game it comes
yeah cousin
is there a soundtrack the tangerine
Dream's soundtrack in there is that one
of the best I'm not gonna say anything
bad about tangerine dream but in general
soundtrack in this place that really
compares of the other grant if that was
good
I used to love listening to radio oh
yeah 60 gigabyte or it could be I could
be thinking of I could be thinking
before the many bowls and all the best
soundtrack in the series is well debated
Vice City or or San Andreas
Vice City was great great soundtrack
senator is classic classic eighties
music class of 90s music now this they
just found like cheaper contemporary
stuff
part of me oh my god pardon me I haven't
been watching Decker have you been
watching Decker Decker Decker
Tim Tim Heidecker oh no I am I I see him
tweet about it constantly and I just
have not had the energy to click on that
one
no I haven't seen any this card doesn't
mean it's taken a shitload of damage is
this a is this a it might be different
for those on a mission Khokar yeah maybe
maybe they stopped smoking I sneezed
yeah that wasn't a cough it's because
you're allergic to
[Laughter]
I don't I don't know where you're going
Jay stop sneezing okay that'll try and
do on it Oh
wasted I mean that looks great hey uh
you landed I don't know what they're
talking about fail like where's
Hollywood Boulevard get the Hollywood
Boulevard because I know my way around
there oh you're playing a mission I
think you're just driving around they
can totally resell this car this cars
fine um we we had talked briefly about a
prereq one-year event as the our
one-year is coming up did we talk about
maybe I just talked about with Jesse
it's probably not gonna happen just
because we don't want to think about
that we would rather just make more
episodes yeah yeah that's why we've
never done anything special for any sort
of anniversaries or right I think we're
coming up on five years of half in the
bag Jesus Christ five or four years see
I don't even know I don't pay attention
um we started in 2011 so next year would
be five years look at this look at their
car
that's beautiful okay all right I'll
just buff that out just off that right
something with the physics cuz I know on
the ps3 version that car would have
driven like crap or that much damage
not even booth it's just a joke right
there oh my god look look it's it's a
good two feet shorter right was
that's really funny so yeah probably not
anything now just keep making stuff just
keep making stuff I don't get
sentimental about the kind of thing it
is it's always interesting to look back
because I don't care about stuff like
that I hadn't I had no idea there's a
rear-engine oh are you going to try a
100 episode celebration for a half in
the bag
oh there's maybe 100 episodes is kind of
a big deal mm-hmm that's more
interesting to me than like how many
years we've been doing something who
knows so that means no probably nothing
well we talked about doing with prereq
it was like for the first episode just
like like one of 283 remember why we
didn't yes I didn't do exactly 283
episodes and be done or are or you do
like then you do like 281 of 280 yeah
yes yeah
what are we even up to on half a little
bit I think the one that's being added
in right now is 85-86
because in another two years I just
think the other day like I was I was
doing something really cool and awesome
I was updating my t-shirt spreadsheet
t-shirt spreadsheet because I have a
t-shirt spreadsheet of all of the shirts
that I wear on every episode the best of
the worst and previously recorded time
okay that I don't double up on t-shirts
Wow
okay you know because I'm a super cool
guy and it's almost getting to the point
where we've done more prereqs than best
of the worst I've been on mmm yeah well
you're on every prereq you're not on
every vest of the word exactly I also
think having that spreadsheet is really
important you have to worry about that
with half of the bag right yeah you have
outfits I have an outfit you have a
costume which I just bought a new shirt
for it oh because I don't know if you've
ever noticed but if you go to a store to
buy a Dickies shirt yeah you can't find
anything larger than a medium and Dickie
shirts are large anyway they're larger
than like a normal you know medium rare
sir so if you watch half in the bag my
shirt goes down to my goddamn knees and
also Dickies are supposed to be tucked
in all right so I finally I went to the
diggie's website and I got a small so
the next half in the bag I have a shirt
that fits a tiny bit better and it's
still too big because dick oh my god
oh hey you landed Oh so in the next half
in the bag we are gonna see the new one
you're gonna see the brand new shirt
this is a big deal you heard it here a
prereq live exclusive look out I don't
think anyone will even be able to tell
the difference probably those Nikki
shirts they're they're big they're not
proper sizes I'm in the next day or two
okay good I could say tomorrow and I
wouldn't be joking
yeah tomorrow yeah next couple day or
two there I don't know exactly
sometimes these things take well you
never know that's the the beauty and
magic of editing oh I don't know got it
guy like where does the walk of fame I'm
not sure all right I don't know I've
seen it's kind of like where's this
there's is there like the Mann's Chinese
Theater
[Music]
bike bike motorcycle yes okay oh my god
don't break it that's fine
I'll punch him in the head punch him in
the head oh you don't have to see so
good what rich Jimmy can he do that
tell me get off it won't you've made a
friend this is the most fucked-up thing
I've ever seen
why did he get on oh this is totally
Hollywood Boulevard oh great
yeah there's oh yeah there's the Stars
okay oh yeah there's the theater across
the street they're right where the
Grauman's well you can't see from this
angle hold on we're dealing with a
doppelganger here yeah look at her
earlier that's the theater oh great okay
so now we can find our way around okay
so head head that way
head straight oh oh hey what the fuck
did I do to you man that's Jordan well
you play my game yo
I play my game you like
turn around and go the other way yeah
[Music]
okay so that's the Chinese Theatre yeah
there should be we're right this drunk
is that what the signs new movie is
bitch trunk but it's drunk okay that's
great
so now if you go to this the next stop
lights in front of you and take a right
you should get into a cool hilly area
assuming this is accurate right that's
all we're gonna see oh oh yeah there's
the hills up there yep okay yeah that's
gonna need that that's correct there you
go that's kind of correct yeah
somewhere up in here is Chris Kattan
house painstaking detail full grotto and
everything oh yeah so it's semi yes
that's really nice that's good yeah I
was I was trying to guide them to the
old bean factory oh man I wanted to
track down the old bean factory there's
just no way there's no way it could be
anywhere I wanted to find it how would
we find it you can't just google old
bean factory what if we could I did
actually no I mean like what if we could
find it oh oh there well that's when I
was out there last year that's what I
wanted to do because we shot that
episode but it wasn't edited yeah it was
like if I could do something while I'm
out there at the old bean factory that
would be amazing but it was not meant to
be okay I'm on it all right
yeah but those are like four million
dollar homes so those are like the
middle-class you know there's so much
I just joined how many more games has
rich stolen from kids since the start of
this dream only three so he's really
cutting back you stole a motorcycle you
stole two motors so where's it go now
and now you're trespassing but can you
move can you remove cap can you close
the fucking cow
I wonder if they have the Hollywood Bowl
in here the sciences Vinewood if you can
the other the other place I know how to
drive - he's gonna shoot you shoot him
back I don't never good
Oh oh my god this is real life
they're shooting at an unarmed black man
this game is so realistic race you
actually swim pretty fast that's pretty
good where'd the cops go can you get in
the house thank you worse that was the
best Grand Theft Auto - cuz you mostly
because you're about to leap two years
in the air and you died midair where you
would have died when you landed fucking
me up
got stripe on it I don't like that you
were yelling at me do a job gotta better
do it right sure sure
oh do you think we can find the
Scientology building yes yes I do miss
the Scientology building it's I saw it
like on Hollywood Boulevard there was
some sort of Scientology it wasn't like
the real building this is probably
significantly disguised for legal
reasons oh sure but there is a building
that's the the head of this game's
version upset oh Sid oh yeah like right
on the Walk of Fame they have like a
little it's almost like a kiosk in a
building that's what I saw better well
you did just run over someone there's a
bigger Center you know the inspiration
for friends of ours what I'm speaking of
you hitting one person yeah pac-man oh
yeah the people are dots oh oh that's
great I don't think I think you're
joking no I've heard this oh yeah one
creator suddenly pac-man was an
inspiration what's it the first Grand
Theft Auto game was like top down you
know very much like a pac-man grid oh
yeah
but then the so so there's that one on
Hollywood Boulevard there's the big
Center further south like closer to like
La Brea but then like the secret Center
is right if you go to UCB Upright
Citizens for great Brigade and
oh I know where that's that it's right
across the street they're all a giant
like forest covered building oh that's
like bear like detox center okay oh I
missed that cuz I was driving and I saw
upright citizens brigade and I was
looking at that it was like hey there it
is yep right across the street okay
hovered in shadow and woods is where
they're like hold people to do whatever
it wants it's not a religion whatever
according to several governments it's
not a religion
[Music]
for sure you can see it from Michael's
house oh great
also you have a blood stain on your cars
a big goober of blood on the front of
your car I just kind of love that yeah
that's it that's at least in this game
is there saintil yep that looks just
like it J but this is the Scientology
bullet
okay which isn't really Scientology can
you break it I know I probably mad now I
know there's a game missions involving
these guys they might give you a goofy
suit you have to work for like a week in
game time I'm sure they keep wanting a
lot of money I'm sure if you wait wait
get out of your car and just walk close
to it I wonder I wonder if like they get
out and harass you like they do in real
life from if you walk close to their
building in real life they like it they
like harass you and ask you what you're
doing
there is that there's the music there
Dianetics music Oh creepy yeah that's
great no this is not the building that
they they chased me from they chased me
from like the the bigger the bigger more
public place and then there is a like
Scientology recruiter character who
hangs out by a mall I'm not sure if he's
there just from the start all the time
or if you have to get further of a story
before you start showing up nice but
there is a guy who says these totally
fucked up things did you know them no
I think that's great I think it's great
yeah I think they do like the in the
Scientology buildings like they post
people as guards they have like
centuries you know just just draining my
battery I'm the only person on the world
absolutely hates that function you know
sometimes it works sometimes it works
sometimes it doesn't it doesn't do much
for me it just sucks out battery life a
vampire yeah yeah
do people know where I can find the
Scientology guy if he's even
[Music]
oh no John kilo saying that the thetan
levels are rising steadily at the arlen
studios so we might need a stress test
[Laughter]
Rockford hills that's in Illinois names
have been changed to protect the
innocent right
oh I'm sorry
see this is why it's good not to be
reliant on any kind of GPS device
what do you mean normally when I find
things in this game I just go to the GPS
I told where I want to go sure I don't
know the map as well as I should just
say of knowing about that huh because
you've been too reliant on together I
think so yeah that's very true real life
yep that is true that's a you know what
in San Andreas I could find my way
around oh yeah oh yeah anywhere in that
game yes I knew Santa dress like the
back of my hand before GPS was the thing
yeah
that's great then emulating art
imitating life apparently you can go to
the pier and talk to Jesus Christ I know
that the Scientology guys what I'm just
right now see available Scientology guys
wear the diamond heist is okay I'm
trying to turn off the stupid vibrator
every every every time I feel bad I
think oh there's five less minutes five
minutes I don't know if I have any more
acid stories I'm sorry guys I did it a
couple of times I told you about the
second time I did it when my
ex-girlfriend showed up and I didn't
know she was coming and I tried to play
it cool and I was not cool and we were
trying to I mean of my roommates were
trying to hide the fact that we were
doing acid but we were watching The Lion
King and had jugs of orange juice all
around the house because apparently the
vitamin C and orange juice intensifies
the acid huh okay
and so like they came over and we were
just like hey guys just drinking orange
juice
I don't know if I've ever told my
getting high on marijuana while also
snorting ritalin that sounds like a bad
idea
it was awesome because usually when you
get high on the pod you get a little wax
a days ago you get a little loosey
goosey if you will but mixing that with
riddlin make made you equally as kind of
like euphoric and mystified by noises
and things and colors but very focused
you just wanted to sit down and read
every book ever written okay it was
great it was fantastic see here is this
where the Dymatize is this looks like
the diamond district yes Oh
oh now we get to talking who the guy in
blue oh yeah do what you got to do is
you guys might be here a double all
right they're fried they're fine with
that
well I don't do drugs around my kids I
don't do drugs anymore in general when I
was younger
I'm an old man how things you do in your
yep these are the things you do when
you're younger and dumb well some people
do right I never did yeah that's fine
you know what that's fine why is it not
getting me in TV you're in fair TV oh
the TV
I think the TVs described because I can
hear a very faint bloop bloop but
there's not an option do it justify you
know now we have to adjust the volume on
the TV okay okay which I don't know oh
did you bring the remote in here no oh
my god we can do this we figured this
out before we know how to figure out
what before you can do it
Oh which is also a hidden button like
the eject button on the oh yeah I don't
even know what had that option you you
instead of just pushing it you move it
left to right or up or down oh yeah
interesting yeah I've never messed with
it I did it I got it why are we
listening to this so you can hear that
this is the Scientology guy yeah okay
oh no that yeah guys this is the screen
you see when rich goes into like the
options menu so you don't see like his
personal information or what
I don't know how to do that great really
great how are you well I know how you
are so it's true what they say about you
weirdos need hey last night I was in 45
different places at the same time I know
my truth brother brother brother brother
but reasonable and talk
I would only some people can hear them
that's sperm he's a lot if he does not
exist you were told about sperm to make
you believe in the great evolutionary
myth if evolution were true we'd be able
to fly just like planes and that's
[Laughter]
that's really great yeah and that is a
[Laughter]
factor brother so they don't like
redheads
laughter won't make you happy
pick a new set of lies can you kill them
ha ha ha ha
oh can you punch you in the face was it
I'm gonna hear a few more things okay
okay price and it's a price worth paying
salvation is available to anyone who
wants it
and to anyone who can afford my hair was
always brown my beard is red I'm not a
beer yes it's very strong at the same
time you walked into heaven okay
come more that's funny and dick punch
[Laughter]
I'm not growing my beard out I was
thinking about it I walked for uh for a
little bit I was thinking about it I
came close to yeah even like you know
shaved my head let my beard grow shave
my head let my beard grow it's like
alright I'm committing this time I can
do it two reasons one you know like
there is life that awkward beard phase
where it's like not quite grown in and
just oh sure
kind of look a little silly and I
thought I could get over that hump then
also I'm a crazy person and so I thought
about the branding problems that it
would oh my right and well you know I
it's a dumb thing to think about but
this is how people know me man it's like
yeah right again it was enough to push
me over I was teetering on the edge like
I had people know me as the guy who's
all bald all
[Laughter]
Lisa doesn't like it she appeared that
that to me would be more of a factor
right Brandi uh it's important is it I
mean I guess it might be but I don't
care about it like I said I was on the
edge right in front of me god dammit
Thank You fractal factor Jack took LSD
once and now he thinks about Brandi or
he'll think about branding yeah no
that's all the best thing about having a
beard is that you don't have to shave oh
I know I've always hated shaving yes I I
have sensitive skin right and when I
shave like it always like for the first
day or so like my face is a disaster yep
so that's that's a big reason why I
ended up growing the beard hmm I hate
shaving
I agree by the way I also hate shaving
now you know I do think that being fully
shaven looks better even when I started
growing out the beard it didn't quite
feel right okay you know this is just my
look now people this is how we got to
deal with it okay how are you coming
along okay no I mean oh yeah we still
got a shoot for space cop all right
[Laughter]
shaving does hurt oh my god you're an
attractor why not
Jay was meant to have a beard a found
his apparently I didn't realize that for
the longest time this is why it's hard
to follow the story of grand theft
artists
no I'm not attract
oh this is like Santa Monica right
that's supposed to be yeah wake it up
the stairs yeah you need a little more
momentum you can do it no I don't think
the bald the beard would suit me I think
so again let's bring it back to branding
that's not I'm more I'm more of the
jovial one of the group I make jokes a
lot I don't think the beard bald thing
works with someone who is going for a
comedic tone
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
that's great he does like the hippie
version of Bible yeah I think it's great
but he never comes out no no no that's
really funny what you gotta beat the
shit out of him now I do yeah you beat
the shit out of the other guy and this
is Jesus just beat him oh yeah we beat
up everyone
[Laughter]
that's grim laughingstock media I do
apologize I often forget to post to
tweet that we've started streaming if
you follow us you'd not subscribe you
don't have to subscribe you can follow
us on Twitter and you will receive an
email every time we go live the moment
we go live you will get that email I
also do treat every day the approximate
time we start so if you follow us on
Twitter
you rent at previously rec you will know
about when we started we started a
little earlier today but I did tweet
when we were starting and we were
streaming at that time there are several
ways in which we notify people that were
streaming so I guess what I'm saying is
get on your shit maybe they were
expecting it to be unlike the weather
they brought via Facebook
we did that for a little while yeah but
now it seems to be sustaining itself
where we don't have to oh and if you're
not getting the emails twit twitch was
going through a bit of a thing where
people weren't getting emails double
check your settings that you have
notifications on and I do apologize
follow us on Twitter
just feel the battery training oh sure
no and that's what I'm saying like you
can you don't have to subscribe to get
the notifications you can just follow us
and that's completely free all you need
is a twitch account and then you get all
the notifications oh look at your tiny
tire oh there's no tire yeah get on the
trolley and post on Facebook when you
gonna live previously recorded does not
have a Facebook account on and I'm okay
with that
[Laughter]
[Music]
were you getting shot
[Laughter]
we oh hey you're in the you're in the
Terminator yeah to the left there is the
the LA River the River Basin where they
filmed the Terminator a semi JC can you
jump in there yeah do it do it do it do
it
[Music]
oh my god that would be great
oh now you're fucked oh if GTA had some
DLC to include hoverboards from back to
the future that would be great
oh this is the year of Back to the
Future 2 2015 8 o bird I know where they
put it in my calendar Nick you put it
near its October something I can't ruin
14 I don't think that's right let me see
it's one of the team I know I know well
that I'm gonna watch Back to the Future
2 on that date okay that's why I put in
my calendar because you have to write
yeah I know
I don't know it's never my calendar
anymore it was oh oh no get my new phone
fuck everything out your calendar so
what someone will someone will post it
future future J wants to know how did
the hand of favor of you get posted to
the rlm page because because I posted he
goes J posted him
we were hoping we got a little busy with
some stuff but we were I was really
hoping that this blood-borne review
would be done already and so that like
the hand of favor view would go up to
just the YouTube channel and we would
kind of skip it and have the blood-borne
review ready in time but then we got
super busy so in order in order to keep
content fresh on the site J posted it
had I known we would have been so late
with the blood-borne review I would have
waited to post the hand of fate review
habit sometimes post whatever you want
whenever you want
pretty much my solution October 21st
21st yes that's the day okay that's
great that's great
I'm sure Jay love to the new Mad Max
trailer I haven't seen it actually oh
okay
for I don't know why I think I'm there's
been like this is like what the fourth
trailer so I'm kind of like maxed out on
the trailers I just want to see the
movie pattern on it I realized that as I
was saying it but I had no I don't want
to see any more trailers doesn't we go
see the movie because I'm excited for it
I feel like there's been too many
trailers and they're gonna dilute it a
bit yeah so I have not seen the new
trailer yet slab bulkhead yes this is
live we are we're streaming live right
now rich is fucking around and Grand
Theft Auto 5 and stream and dead sure
we're doing it oh there it is nice this
place is full of garbage that's a chippy
no Oh lots of movies a shot here repo
man Oh oh shit how did you lose your
foot cuz it's in water oh oh it drowns
yeah I'm sorry
and have fun that is one of the that's
always the first thing I would do when
starting like a new game of san Andreas
is our drive up to the mountains because
the bike riders in the mountains I'd
like the choppers and I like the chap
who's the best so I would steal a car
drive up to the mountains get a chopper
and then drive that around San Andreas
your ass it would probably fit can we
cut that out can we edit that cut that
right out that's right this game is not
this game is not accurate because
there's water in the aqueducts right now
so it's not very accurate
yeah there's a little that's too much
right now
they Trouten
they're gonna be a wicked ass jump over
here oh yeah drive drive
shot here too oh well I saw some of the
chat was doing the lyrics of the song
that's playing during that part time
just deep enough basically yes
oh okay
nope oh hey it's like the supermarket it
opens for you it's like imagine we're
gonna stream until this vibrating kills
my battery I hate the vibrate function I
hate it I'm I can feel my battery dying
and you can't shut it off can turn it
off
no is there way in
you know what you tried in menu is their
way in game to turn off library function
I want it off for everything well don't
you know I'm giving you it I don't want
it a little bit off some of the time I
went it off all the time
that's what he said to her said the
Sailor to the young lady that's so my
favorite joke now more like dead bolt
boom there's gotta be a way to turn the
software in game I want it off for
everyday oh well you have to go ever
forever and ever you have to go into
every game and do that that's that's
horrible
that's life right no that's options
that's kind of things you be in the
system in you want the stupid thing to
have work or not that's that's that's
totally that totally should be running
over hookers just cuz you're mad at Sony
for their vibrate function doesn't mean
you could just run over any hooker you
want
much easier to spin out at the stickman
Grit thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it it's right on to the
sticks yeah that since it's great
look how shiny that car is it
whoa Oh God oh my god steal that truck
now yeah but I bet you could ask they're
saying that it should be in the device
settings of the PS button okay
whoo burrito yes he just bought wool a
few days ago and really liked it so far
yes keep reading oh that's that book
that's that book this is so fucking good
it's that book future dystopian people
all of humanity lived in a giant silo
buried underground okay it's a beautiful
book it really is it really is a
beautiful book about human misery and
suffering
your car legs I have been recognized
twice I think I got recognized at a
Starbucks in Minnesota and that was
super fun it was actually really weird
it was the first time I was recognized
and I was like why do you know my he I
made my drink order and he goes jack
right why do you know my name
like I check to see if I was like
wearing a name tag or something this is
not right that looked really difficult
well no usually I just Ram them with a
car oh and they fall off all right it's
funnier though if you have to physically
pull them off and throw them under the
concrete yeah I was also recognized at a
beer garden hmm a young lady came up to
me and asked to take a picture with me
and I was like really okay
three maybe four times yeah yeah a year
yeah yeah great
we're just one with some like 11 year
old kid no grocery store
he saw me getting out of his face cop
car and his father was just like are you
talking to the strange fat middle-aged
man and the kid is like that's Richie
fucking Evans rich mother and horrible
pain oh sorry
chromic s'en yes we really like
blood-borne and no the beer bottle
throws are not scripted Mike throws them
because he's a horrible human being no
here's the thing
throwing bottles and breaking stuff yeah
is fun it's true and and rich and I both
very much like blood our review will be
done
soonish powerball blood I played super
brothers sword & Sworcery and really
enjoyed it I had it on the phone and
it's a super fun interesting game the
problem with it it was on my phone and
so I wanted to only play it for short
fuse time it's like oh you know I got
five minutes I'll just pop open the
phone game but it's so beautiful that it
made me want to play it longer and
playing something on your iPhone you
know gets you all crunched up at night
it's it's not as iPhones aren't
necessarily meant for long plays but I
wanted to play that longer and that was
my biggest problem because I liked
the only thing I play on my iphone is
solitaire you have solitaire I do that's
weird why is that weird
I like solitaire it's weird it's weird
you like yes it's weird I like it
sometimes not a game that you like it
was the only game on computers for a
long time no I like playing solid
oh the game is on PC that's great which
one super brothers is sword-and-sorcery
oh that's a little point-and-click
adventure a little like very light
combat element but mostly
point-and-click adventures it's really
really atmospheric and a nice art style
pixel art style but like the the art in
it is really beautiful and the story is
weird esoteric the music is phenomenal
you have to play it with headphones did
they tell you in the beginning if you're
not playing with headphones you're doing
it wrong then you then get better
headphones play the game are you just
gonna run into a train this is just
drive it I kind of love it
this is what you're doing Grand Theft
Auto everyone thinks it's about beating
up hookers no it's about enjoying the
world it's about beating yourself it's
about look at all this stuff
[Laughter]
somebody somebody built that light and
that those girders
yeah there's a programmer we just made
all this shit
someone coded put it or somebody coded
that code though just to reflect that
light just so maybe just cuz maybe when
I'm driving on the train tracks if I
decide to drive on the train tracks I'll
Drive 200 miles an hour a little bit
look now you're being illuminated by the
light that they programmed move up move
up to the light so that light can shine
on you rich let that light shine on you
that's great someone coded I have never
played harvest stone
I have no interested I don't know and
then it struck no I was really hoping
you hit that like a lectric my
motorcycle versus train who wins
electrical box probably safer trains for
well which can you steal a train a plane
yep well then why aren't you why aren't
you flying because I'm gonna fucking
motorcycle driving on a train track in a
tunnel
oh shit woods that's why not oh my god
now you're on a bridge oh there's a
train coming how can you tell oh oh is
that's just lights in the tunnel
no the lights in the tunnel looked like
they were like coming closer to
No
we I can't believe you're doing this
you're mountain climbing on a motorcycle
alright I was a deer you almost hit that
fucking deer it was a deer yeah I looked
away for a second they missed it
punk shows deer see if you can get some
venison there's a whole hunting thing in
this game oh yeah good night sweet bike
are you trapped in the middle of nowhere
you got to find a car you can find
another bike by the way River to Evans
zero officially lost two bikes can you
ride a deer no that would be awesome red
dead redemption right a horse strange
thing in the sky a cloud it's a
spaceship there is a Eastern regular
phone this game oh really
that was just clowns though but there is
an easter egg you'll fall if you go to
this one
like obscure he'll go back deep deep in
the woods
the button to run you can get eaten yes
that's pretty great
that is pretty grand this is why I
haven't gotten very far the story mode
in this game yeah this is impressive as
far as how like expansive oh yeah
environments are yeah that's really cool
this is their thing yes what they do
it's what they do great that's great
I don't know if you don't know if we can
beat that I don't know if we can be
getting mauled to death by a mountain
lion no not out there yeah you know and
on the high note right we're talking
about ending it right I mean I weren't
trying hijack a plane oh oh shit well
that's how you do it that's how we do it
yeah I'll get a chicken right a chicken
right a chicken a chicken punch a
chicken can you punch a chicken punch
the chicken I'm just my car I just want
a car so I'm driving back to LA so I
could drive to the airport and steal the
plane oh that's all I want
there's no cars somebody in this stick
town drives a backyard
give me that thing you know somehow I
don't think it would play out like that
in the sticks I can only imagine that
that man wearing the camo vest was armed
oh I got a four-wheel hat you have to
get that four-wheeler go get it
alright I'm on the way ride the
four-wheeler on the freeway excuse me
sir why bother you know that you know
what that kind of looks doofy oh it's
great over Oh someone is saying there
should be a closer airstrip really Oh
nice head ok
that's a good idea after day when the PC
version comes out if it's notably better
we'll get rich the PC version and I'll
take this version sure yeah sure and
we'll track down Jordan and we'll track
down this game back say sandy shores
airfield you're right by it but is there
a big bigger plane there I'm gonna still
playing I'm going big well I mean yeah
you have to
oh so you're out of 405 that's great
they said that one closer to you it's
much closer but only small planes yeah
okay exactly
we're still in a big goddamn plane oh
you fucker
four wheels why the small one to the
other airport that makes that makes fair
amount of sense I don't never get the
steel tube I don't remember the other
airports
yeah and doc the doctor uh that's not
active right boy dungeon master blaster
I have seen ia I own murder miners III
do have murder miners and I'm looking
forward to playing it looks like a
really fun little first-person shooter
I'm excited to play it I have not gotten
around to it
mostly because I've been playing only
blood-borne
oh you know something we didn't
necessarily talk about during the review
which I can talk about now I did try oh
there you go
I did try using my Vita as a to link up
with my ps4 to play blood-borne on my
Vita and it kind of worked the buttons
were super janky and there was tiny bits
of lag here and there but there were
stretches where I was playing oh oh you
have to stunt right it or what this is
here okay
yeah the lack of r2 and l2 buttons were
really tough though those turned into
like screen press buttons and the r3 and
l3 were the back touch panel which is
lock-on which is incredibly important in
blood-borne and so everything was all
janky and it was not much fun but it was
interesting not even close
okay well fly back to LA
fuck this fuck this yes
the my goal in life if there's a way to
play blood-borne or whilst pooping if
there is a way that I can be playing
blood-borne have to poop take it with me
to poop and bring it back and play it on
the ps4 your your your smaller Airport
ideas suck yep did the idea suck or did
you just suck it find the point no
because it wants me to do the mission
with the plane that's alright oh they're
saying that if you go directly west of
you on the hillside there is a military
base with fighter jets really ok this is
what obviously that sounds like I'll be
killed trying to steal no that's that's
a big possibility
Thank You REO Speedwagon giving a simple
life hack is you don't need to sit on
the toilet to poop that's true it's true
what's the problem that's one way to do
it that's one way to do it is there
another plane their plane is your 4x4
still there
well shit is their plane in there oh
well there's the dusty oh there's some
trucks oh no no no man thanks
hop off dick kick
oh no come on really I mean yes I would
absolutely
two country boys looking for a fighting
they lost yep peace no you shut the door
and broke the window right that's great
that's great
okay
the same Westerfield there is that's
what they're saying let's see here on
the far side of the nearby Lake to the
northeast there's another Airport
somebody just drive to Los Angelos gonna
bribe Los Angeles go to where you know
the plane is you ask your door that's
fine
the fewer cars in this version of the
game worse just me I
Genet I think there might be fewer hush
I mean you're in the sticks now there
are top stars in LA they've accounted
for population when you were in the city
man there you couldn't get away from
cars that's true so how about you settle
down
you
ah the windmills the majestic windmills
I'm rich there enough cars because you
stole them all that's true thank you
it's very true oh my god 25
can you ride the windmills there's
anything you can do when you steal play
and go to the windmills try to find
people okay yep
are you gonna do something else cool no
I was gonna recreate 911 Hey wrong City
Oh fine four point landing
[Laughter]
you're right that's the other thing
that's unrealistic about this version of
LA is you can move in the traffic but
it's very true it's terrible
you know just to make the game fun they
have to do that yeah yeah if you have to
sit there congested you can't get
anywhere move for 45 minutes yeah that
wouldn't be a lot of fun how much do you
want to bet though that there was a
conversation oh sure yeah like dude what
do we do about the traffic how realistic
do you want to make the traffic sure the
question is how little can we get away
with I think that was the discussion it
wasn't I don't think there's ever a
questionable do we have oh I think there
was I think there may have I think they
were too smart today I doubt that even
came up I'm guessing there was at least
one meeting with like the top build
discussion point of like do we have
traffic yeah
I mean you might be right making these
games for years yeah they know how to
have fun
oh listen I'm not saying it was talked
about long but I'm saying like some
somebody maybe like the new guy in his
first day and then everybody glared at
him yeah like the the young intern who
just got like a paid position there's
like I've got my idea boss what if we
have traffic duh
they think like LA has a lot of traffic
we can make it relist
I'll go back to filling the coffee pots
no I gave it Shawn that man has never
worked in video games again
[Music]
oh that's fun
go to the airport to go to where you
know there's a plane okay I'm sorry I
did I don't know
[Laughter]
I know itself yourself rich rich is
flying right now
by the docks
yes and rich did manage to steal
possibly the shittiest car and I kind of
you got a car that's all that matters so
he's driving to the airport instead of
walking to it
mistakes mistakes it happened oh yeah
kimbos swag 1 2 3 if you oh yeah if you
don't know who we are in general I'm
sorry yeah well that's what he was just
like who's playing the game no like who
are these people
oh oh um rips we're weirdos we're dumb
guys who are playing video games we're
from red letter media we do we do movie
reviews on the Internet do movie reviews
and started some video game reviews our
show is called previously recorded you
can look us up on the youtubes and see
what we have to say about video games
and if you're nerdy enough you've heard
of these 70-minute
Phantom Menace review though that kind
of gave us mild internet famine it's
true it's true we have a show called
best of the worst in which we watch old
movies and make fun of the helmand J who
was here earlier and is not here right
now is probably coming back in a little
bit does a show called half in the bag
where he talks about current movies it's
crazy town that's who we are I'm gonna
say I could see people just browsing
twitch or whoever PlayStation uses to
find streams sure just running across
this randomly
I can see that I could see that and and
you might be confused we are not
professionals well we're just to reduce
some assholes I can't even
do you still have the show here you
watch bad movies yes yes we do
yes I've also done a bunch of other
internet videos but you know I'm here
now because of the red letter media
video so we're talking about that
oh I see it traffic oh that's so funny
left turn only saying that he found
Arlen because of best of the worst and
didn't hear didn't find blanket and so
much later yeah that's really funny
what oh so I think someone came to the
stream and was just like wait who are
you guys what like why are you here like
so we were trying to explain to what we
were and it was weird how did they just
stumble on the stream you could do that
oh guys that switch thing like if you go
to twitch the first thing it shows you
is just like the popular video games
being played now right ok so then they
say oh I would like to watch someone
playing Grand Theft Auto 5 oh here seems
like a happy group click on and start
watching wait a min what are they
talking about yeah alright I can get up
a soul okay you're at the airport you
are not at the airport anyway there's
the airport
there are sharks in the water yep oh my
god that's really I think I need to be
further oh we didn't update this dream
they wanted to watch blood-borne now I
think didn't doesn't that automatically
update on the ps4 when I titled the
stream blood-borne theft auto 5 yeah
okay covered all the bases
well what what game we're playing yeah
oh no actually it does say we're playing
grand theft auto 5 so I don't know what
you're talking about this dream is
updated lots of GTA streamers great I
could see that with as much as there is
to do in the game I could see that oh
you got a jump a color in there oh nice
ok
no this is the ps4 ruin that we're
playing
the core brazen rich and I really liked
blood-borne
we stopped playing it only because we've
been streaming it so much because we
liked it so much we really enjoyed it
the our full review discussion will be
will be out shortly
not shortly maybe next week
next week will be good next week could
be good for us right next week we can
make that happen
Bongo Doug thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it you should be
able to get it now you have to punch the
door
I'm gonna do it go over those do
something oh well it's an airplane
I don't I got people shooting
the police helicopters well I'm sure
[Music]
that dickhead cop all right I kind of
got do we need anybody to get airborne
no I think that's just a plane crash uh
you went to the hospital what they're
not telling you is that this is years
later you've been skin grafts feeding
you tubes that's great yeah yeah okay
thank you to everyone who came out some
bloodborne some grand theft auto thank
you to all the new subscribers thank you
to all the old subscribers and thank you
to everyone else it just came out and
watch rich fail miserably at flying a
plane how do you how do you it's
confusing and strange no can I cancel
rocket
