Episode 251
Tiny Barbarian & a Half (Part 1)
May 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfQqHhU71YY
___________________________________________

hold on we gotta do a sound check first
we got a do a sound check
I should also update the stream these
are my songs du-de du-de art crime
$29.99 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we do three
months in a row you know what I love I
love that just for that just for you
doing that I love that well that whole
month thing jacked I just completely
throw off my rhythm absolutely you know
what
absolutely alright great doing that nice
let me get to some options turn down the
volume which I'm sure will have to do
built Villa hecka wants to rich how do
you hope we all die
big big rip might be fun the big rip
there's absolutely no evidence for it
but theoretically you know space keeps
expanding faster and faster mm-hmm I
suppose it could reach some kind of
breaking point and then basically just
the whole space itself just you know
tears apart oh okay yeah sure
you know what why not I could be
understanding that wrong though I know
it's something something I've heard
about though the smart the smart money
is on he death he to death yes that is
the smart money apparently
I am going to play the next levels this
is actually I want to say this might
have been our very first hack and a half
tiny barbarian okay
and I only played like the first stage
of it and so I'm gonna play some tiny
barbarian have they released more
chapters I think so I hope so you know
what and if not I'll play something else
all right I want to say they have
you have to die first hope that's very
loud rich if I mention how much I'm in
for star citizen I even haven't paid
money for that at all wait I wait to the
games done it's not like they're barely
gonna make their Kickstarter I got
millions more than they asked for hope
may as well hold on to my money until
they're done with the game absolutely
all right I think I only did the first
one the serpent Lord now it's time for
ruins of Xanadu rich we got to get you
this some I have to download this chatty
thing for you yeah it's super great is
that the thing that saves up the these
subscribers that's the thing that saves
up the subscribers but also like the
chat window that it gives you the little
like notifications that it gives you
every everything it does is fantastic
okay and I'm really I'm really liking it
I was talking a bit with I I tweeted
chat ease Twitter I tweeted Jetty's
Twitter which is a real thing that I
said I noticed them about like mapping
up or getting more info on subscribers
why and they said they don't think they
would have anything that would work okay
but our good friend I'm gonna call him
my good friend twitchplayspokemon yeah
totally my good friend now
twitchplayspokemon has has volunteered
some of his time to to help not in time
soon he's gay he's got some projects
right now but he said he might be able
to help us out in in figuring out some
sort of some sort of way to collect all
of the subscribers nice nice really
appreciate that obviously
no rush but he has a successful twitch
channel you have exactly my favorite
part about that is like I understand
like you know you're not you're never
quite sure like who knows who you are
but like when he messaged oh crap my dad
when he messaged me he was like I I run
my own successful twitch channel and I
was like dude I fucking know who you are
I enjoy you I am a big fan of yours
you twitchplayspokemon has
single-handedly proven the innate
goodness of humanity rich because you
know why because they won they beat the
pokemons
they beat the Pokemon several times over
really yes have they played any of the
other pokemons just like it's just one
pokemons like you play no no they they
played him out of zero so you know
they've played a bunch of the classics
including like some weird mods and stuff
and they keep winning which means that
the majority of people want to win and
that gives me hope for Humanity it was
probably you know off-hours when you
have a smaller number of people who are
better able to coordinate yeah but no
matter what they're they're gonna be
haters rich no matter what they're gonna
be haters and it doesn't matter because
the haters don't win haters gonna get
bored sooner or later exactly they're
gonna find something else - exactly
right don't you understand that's what's
so exciting about this unless it's the
Star Wars prequel one you can just
fucking hate those forever that's a hate
that never dies first of all nice I'm
bored today I think I'm gonna go hate on
the Phantom Menace mmm that always
cheers me up hmm some healthy Phantom
Menace hate perfectly normal and
acceptable
so you get shrunken down at the
beginning of this day or are you just
always were you always a tiny barbarian
you were always a tiny barbarian the
wizard shouldn't shrunken you down that
would have been fun um I agree that
would have been more fun
I don't I do a great boss fight at the
end of a giant wizard yeah
maybe they'll maybe they'll get more
into the story in the next chapters
maybe okay the story of tiny barbarian
I don't think anyone has ever asked for
more story in tiny barbarian I'm gonna
I'm gonna be honest with you certainly
me you you you hate all story inherently
i do not hate all story
inherently you have it wrong I hate
cutscenes inherently okay story I enjoy
but I want it I want to doled out in a
manner appropriate to the medium
cutscenes are perfectly appropriate know
it or not yeah they're it's it's like
having a book break in the middle of
your movie that's that is what is it is
a king to its no more heroes since
otherwise I disagree you can disagree
but don't speak for everybody what do
you say this this should never happen if
they should never do it and never never
never do I have to everything I say
needs to start with in my opinion are
you going to under some things your
stance is that no games ever should have
cut suits right yeah except for maybe an
establishing shot you know you can have
an establishing shot okay maybe if
you're good if you're good you can have
a step
come on stupid barbarian oh yes it is it
is my opinion that no game should have
cutscenes everything story-wise should
be dulled out while the player is
playing with a game a lot of cutscenes
I've enjoyed my time I'm sad I'm fine
that'd be sad that never have them yeah
you know I'm sure they were sad when
when the movies got sound because they
really enjoyed reading in between people
talking but that's that's the price of
progress right don't sigh because you
know I'm right where would the Metal
Gear games be you know they're not for
me but with the Metal Gear games be
without cutscenes in a better place
people love those games though Jack I
have their fans yes yeah they have a lot
of families are you telling all of these
fans of the Metal Gear games to fuck off
I'm I'm I'm saying right now we are in a
transitional phase with games and I'm
taking a hard-line approach to get us to
the to get us to the Golden Age I hope
you're wrong to get us to the next
Golden Age and you get a your your your
dictatorship your fascist dictators you
know things have to be done in the way
that was the only way they can be done
well I remember in my day when Jax Jax
gaming dictatorship was that what we're
working towards here that's exactly what
I'm working towards here I'm trying to
move the medium forward rich trying to
move it forward you're trying to move it
in a jack centric direction yes yes well
of course I am like you're the enemy of
freedom of expression okay you know what
I guess that's fair that's fair
this is not the correct way to go this
way yeah you know you are also by the
way free to hate me and is okay that is
your choice some of my favorite times in
gaming have been the No More Heroes
cutscenes yeah yes and you what you want
that not to ever happen because you
don't like it
yeah you pretty much that's terrible
that's not terrible that's terrible I
think this is I think you can't hold on
I think you can't become your own thing
unless you throw off the shackles what
about the cutscenes in Super Meat Boy
it's gonna meet boy oh yeah you know
I'll get rid of those two huh okay and
that would be a shame because they're
they're fun they're fun and cute oh that
would be a shame did you say it'd be a
shame yeah but the testing yeah you know
what they're what you want to get rid of
all cutscenes that's cutscene yeah
here's make up your mind Jack rich make
up your mind Richard what do you want
what do you want
yep rich Evans yeah I can go back and
watch a silent movie
and enjoy it before the time capsule
that it is right uh-huh
just like I can I can look at a cutscene
and and and say oh you know how quaint
back in the day when games had cutscenes
before they were their own unique form
of entertainment
ah you know I can do the same there's a
pattern in not not everything needs to
be the ultimate immersive experience I
agree but you think that's the only way
it should be done yeah yeah I do okay
oh you can't they swipe up when you jump
I do which I do think that's the only
way it should be
fuck cuz that's why that's how I think
and you know like I will net like I
won't automatically discount a game that
has cutscenes that's not what I'm about
your way has led us to hit X to continue
game no the game is emulating a cutscene
no no nose he'd understand that solution
playing through the events that are
happening you may as well just have a
fucking guts ain't rich that's your way
that's your way creeping in that's them
trying to hide your way of cutscenes
that's them trying to hide what they
really are is cuts Easter game game
should not attempt to have any kind of
story at all absolutely not the game
should have story game should have deep
stories that you discover while playing
the game if only we could think of a
current example that we're both playing
right now that's a good job the way
they're doing and I don't give a shit
about the story at all the way they're
doing it yeah whatever
it fills as a story for me for you yes I
haven't hit much more story yes check to
speak for everybody like some people in
this channel you know I think there are
games that have done it correctly I've
talked about those games before things
like um things like half-life things
like Metroid Prime that have
incorporated story into gameplay
seamlessly ed Witten
I know I'm a dumbass but not about this
not about this this is how I feel I will
certainly not apologize for thinking the
way I think
and you know it is it is what it is no
more heroes my favorite games of all
time would not be the same without the
cutscenes and I'm not saying it
shouldn't be you're saying it should the
face I'm not saying it should no that's
all that's a blatant lie you're saying
though there's no games you do it that
way this game I like it doesn't that way
well they shouldn't do it that way is
what you're telling me because you say
no game should do cutscene I'm saying
never going forward yes I would like
that I would like if they did no story
ever you know I would I would like that
and I'm not going to apologize for that
cuz that's how I like to play games
and you will that's the only that
matters of course well for me yeah I
don't give a fuck how you want to play
games why wouldn't that be the only
thing that man okay I'm just just
confirming these things I know
no is it a shock to you that I want that
I want things the way I want them for me
I that you should want that to be the
first wait is for everybody that's
that's ya know that's in this borough
that's wrong there's things I don't but
I don't I don't fault other people for
liking things I don't like I never said
it faulted you it's not for me
that's usually what eyes like metal gear
they don't like did I say I faulted you
you're you're saying you will hope they
never do that again
I do hope they never do that again which
that rich but did I did I say I faulted
you okay
what you like things you like and I like
things you want obvious like here's the
thing rich you want there to be
cutscenes right that's that's how you
want it I don't I don't begrudge you for
that I'm just stating my opinion I don't
understand where your where your hatred
of my opinion comes from
iiiiii your heart I hate your hard line
that it's the only no game should ever
do that ever again should only be the
way that I preferred that that's the
part that kind of annoys me okay that's
just how I feel I mean I guess if you
can't take my opinion like maybe maybe
you're maybe you're the one who has the
problem rich if you can't handle it
someone who has a different opinion than
you my opinion is nobody should ever
make game said Jack would like ever
again and that's the way it should be
we've hit a b-level rich there are bees
terrifying bees are terrifying giant
bees are terrifying putting that out
there that giant bees are terrifying
that's just my opinion now I don't want
you to think that I'm disowning all bees
actually the one who said that you're a
few were a flower you wouldn't like the
sexy beasts are you the one who said
that I said I said if you or flower you
get to fuck all the bees oh my god rich
and I'm the one that said that would be
like poor horrible rich you can fly the
bees okay rich you can fly it on the
bees everything has changed everything
has changed you can find the bees how do
I fly in the bees I was flying on the
bees for a second
jump on the beat is Burnley how you
flying in please I'm assuming the jump
button made you jump off of the beat you
might just want to secure the beat or
let the P take you where you need to go
yeah it's it's I'm not sure what the B
mechanics are because I'm not actually
playing the game and I I - I'm just
figuring it out like what happens and
you just hit up can you just fly him by
holding up no I'm doesn't do anything
what you have to do is like like right
now I can't walk you can't walk left to
right on the beat okay and if you press
jump twice like you can only press jump
once and you can hold it down and he'll
float up okay okay
oh oh and if you hit a flower you get
knocked off oh I get it okay
I understand what's happening well you
sure if it's via not like some kind of
wasp it has a round but not a pointy
button so I think it's okay there honey
bee okay
like wasps usually have that kind of
like like extra almost seemingly extra
body part but I understand the wasp bees
of structural differences if the
cutscene conversation was a pre RepA
sewed anybody who watches the video will
hate jack indefinitely I mean that's
that's quite possibly true I I'm shocked
I'm shocked has to deal with every day
is people hating me I'm sorry I'm sorry
that I'm trying to to further the
artform that we all love so much you're
trying to flirt it in your box Oh Jack
Packard box of game not necessarily the
Jack Packard box I think that it needs
to be it needs to be in its own box and
we keep putting it in the movie box when
it's different
and specially I'm not saying every game
should be cut seemly I'm not saying that
maybe sometimes it works there's this
game and the Cylons think they're going
for the experience they wish to create
maybe it's not the same as the
experience the type of experience
somebody else wants to create sure sure
oh my god the bees are fighting what I
supposed to do they're teamriche maybe
maybe when you get you know to the end
of a strategy game it's it's nice to
have a little cutscene of your guys
storm in the the the enemy planet sure
oh sure no and by the way there are like
there are notable examples that break
even my rule you know review saying
there are no exceptions that's what
you're saying that's that's the only
part of what you're saying that kind of
bothers me ins
nothing should do that ever ever I think
I then I guess to clarify
I think that it should be mindful okay
this is my clarification on it
I feel like goddamn it
stupid flower I'm quite a suit of fifty
one's a game I want to see cutscenes
because I know some crazy amazing
cinematic things are going to happen and
I think that wouldn't have maybe the
same feeling if you were just playing
through the experience mm-hmm this P has
like a red but I want this B I feel like
a lot of game studios rely on cutscenes
where they're unnecessary okay is it
sure that it is hopefully my statement
that is not going to that's that's our
statement there we go
and so I I guess to to uh add a small
caveat to my - to restructure my
argument is if a game is to have a
cutscene I would like it to be mindful I
would like it to be purposeful I know
there's probably there's probably just
enough age difference between us you
probably didn't play the original ninja
gaiden games on the Ness
well I guess even those weren't the
original but oh sure I played those
weren't the cutscenes were elevated
those games into just a standard yet
difficult platformer and something a
little bit different
Oh something interesting oh I don't
remember them that bad well I play this
when I was a kid this is my favorite
fucking games and I like I needed to see
what happened next
like the Tori initiate no notoriously
fucking hard that game because I beat it
when I was seven
just because I wanted to see what
fucking happened and it was extremely
difficult but I did it just I really it
was like that reward you know that
little kiss cheese at the end of the
maze sure
and and I think cutscenes elevated that
experience it was just a stupid
platformer I nothing else I would have
given up on it sure I would have cared
enough to get to the onion you know and
like sure yeah but I mean of course now
you're talking you're now you're talking
classic game any any game
sure like and like I said my my caveat
is that I I feel like it's used too
often and I would like game developers
to be mindful of that what can be
oh it's annoying when they used to cut
scene to illustrate a point you already
know and can figure out I know sure sure
but that's not a story beat that's just
a I don't know what that is the door you
need to go through you know I you know
yeah I guess you don't need a cutscene
just to show you that but do something
fun and narrative of the cutscene that's
great hmm yeah and it's like I would
rather I would rather not leave my
character okay fucking fuck fuck
you know when can they not use cinematic
techniques techniques in a cutscene that
you couldn't use and just everything
happens to you directly to you what do
you mean just editing what not shot
composition just things to to give a
thing that happens emotional flavor
texture rather than you just walk into a
room and people start talking okay yeah
but see this is this is where this is
the problem with with your way of
thinking is is you think the only way to
tell a story is by people that you know
like I'm I'm not saying it's the only
way I'm saying it's a valid one yes
you're not saying the only way but but
this is where you're limiting game story
experiences
I'm not limiting it because I'm saying
if you want if you're you know in your
game if you want to do it another way
that's not that's why right all right
I'm saying one shouldn't be banned
forever because you don't like it and
and I'd never set to be banned forever
and something I dislike that's exactly
what you said you said no game ever will
be better off and no game ever ever got
seen you've said this this is why we're
arguing about it I think you're taking
it too harshly it's a conversation show
in time sure now you know like you're
taking it a little too harshly it's
something that I don't think should be
around a hundred percent okay but
obviously there are those who can handle
it how can be fuckin B's damn it this is
a tough level the be ridin level
fuck you bees you know what bees fuck
you oh I see in half-life Dark Souls and
blood-borne are exactly the kind of
games where I don't care much about the
story because they there are too few
cutscenes that elevate said story I
don't know like and and I am more I
don't care at all about the story in
blood-borne and all oh sure and to me I
care more about the story of blood-borne
then I care about anything else because
I'm so invested in the world god damn it
god damn it and because they do they
dole it out at your pace you know like
you're not you're not forced into any
story element every story element you
find which makes it more precious to me
you know yeah is everything so vague I
don't I don't give a shit
sure does this mean I don't know I don't
care I'm just gonna kill more things
what if that's the lesson rich if they
like use the cutscene and they establish
like a character I cared about and I
cared what happened to them then maybe
I'd care about law but everything's so
vague I don't give a shit this is what
makes us different gamers this is
exactly what makes us different gamers
what and I like that that's actually
that is a good thing as I worry we
agreed too much on record it's it's been
just happenstance somewhere that has
come to be sure no and I definitely have
kept a lot of our back-and-forth yeah
mostly about like the difficulty and
obtuseness of the game like I've kept a
lot of that just because it's our
arguing is is fun mostly you making fun
are you calling me a child yes you
called me a child
and it's rather funny I think it's good
when we can disagree I you know what I
think it's good too
it's more entertaining hopefully I'm
gonna die people just showing up Jack's
playing yes Jack is playing tiny
barbarian mostly because I am bread
socks I am I am I am considering and I
don't know how the chat feels about this
just just doing a No More Heroes no
death run on an off day not a normal
streaming day just cuz all this talk of
No More Heroes get to get warmed up to
play it over here Wow I ever had nowhere
here was on the brain actually since I
started playing killer is dead oh okay
which I played killers dead a little bit
before we start with the viewing
blood-borne so I've been wanting to
revisit No More Heroes
and you know you know no death front or
not I'm thinking about streaming votes
games every like Tuesday or Saturday
remember Tuesday when I'm done goofing
around the studio start streaming
Tuesday they do they do movie dicks in
the chat Oh
so be mindful
come here you stupid bee
obviously if you were streaming it's our
channel you can do whatever then I
wouldn't ask you to call inner a tech
giant something just me trying to play
the game and win I'm gonna do that no
missile stream absolutely yeah are you
trying to do anything funny game
streaming because why not
Ryan but you owe me I don't talk much
the only issue with that sure goodbye B
see this is why it's tiny barbarian by
the way you get to write a B yeah yeah
you don't talk much during your streams
and that's okay I think people know that
people notes and as long as you label it
correctly you know that's what I always
worry about like if I'm doing a Jack
solo stream or whatever it's just like
making sure people know it's just a hack
it's something bad it's just me okay
that's not how to do that you guys do
what you want we will do everyone we
have we have been doing what we want and
so far we're enjoying that just doing
our doing what we want stance well yeah
but I don't I know if I did it people
were complaining that I'm not talking
off you know fuck those people then
those people don't know what's up rich
if it's a rich solo stream you don't
talk much that's just how a rich solo
stream works what I know that so also
Wednesday I'm kind of thinking about
Dead Rising Dead Rising huh yeah okay I
don't care that's that's potentially a
funny Goulbourne it's just cuz that's a
fun game sure I'm down what how many
multiplayer is it
there is no multiplayer okay you know
what what do you what do you got mine
well you got mine
oh no I you know what you said it fun
group stream and so just in my in my
head that meant multiplayer be amazed at
the fun things you can do in the game
sure okay yeah I'm down which Evans eats
mustard says Dead Rising as fun as long
as you're not escorting survivors idiots
I kind of disagree i I am fan of the
Dead rising in the games mmm but I
prefer one even though two technically
is they improve some things technically
they there's like a weird weapon combo
system into you can make goofy weapons
but the survivor AI is like far more
competent in the second game and now
escorting survivors is no longer any
kind of challenge I think it's just kind
of ruined the point but the point place
you're escorting these scared people who
who stop and shit themselves and you
have to yeah you have to you have to
firm them but you're like a sheepherding
game in the second game you just find a
survivor and you run to the safehouse
and they follow you and there's no
problems at all is so challenging that
there's a fun that he had there
Dead Rising one is fun because you
weren't supposed to save everybody and
do everything in one run you could it's
extremely difficult but you're not
really supposed to and you kind of had
to pick and choose what you did and who
you saved and I like that second one's
just kind of like yeah you can do
everything
twenty times plenty of time there's no
time crunch between saving these people
and doing that story mission that's like
take your time
everything's easy oh my god this fucking
girl is gonna steal my girl
get out of here gorilla rich Evans eats
mustard says I see that but man that
shit was frustrating it was supposed to
be because you weren't supposed to save
everybody stakes that's that's what made
it interesting to me sure I'm with your
rich stakes you you you you were looking
at your timer and you know you had like
this little sliver of red gives me all
the timer starts with this long blue bar
and then goes down down turns yellow and
then near the end it turns red and yeah
the choose between escorting that group
survivors you've found the safe house or
going to the next story mission and
continue in stride to do both oh god was
it hard but you can try and do both
I'm concentrating a Michael 87 says the
pressure is the point yeah yeah that's
yeah the pressure is the point exactly
that's what that's what made Dead Rising
one great and what Dead Rising 2 is
lacking also the protagonist is a boring
piece of shit he's got a daughter and
she's he one-liners that are they're not
even fun cheesy one-liners and
generation 2 yeah they just make me
wanna throw a Walter I hate I hate Frank
green or not Frank Reid Chuck green
boring fuck his character is I've got a
daughter hey I want to see him die on
the Sigma oh I mean I want to see him I
want to see him watch his daughter get
eaten by zombies what
no no you crazy talk
I'm running away from a boulder it's
pretty awesome except Friday nope I need
to pay attention so this is all new
levels or is this stuff you've played
through before no this is only I mean
new to me okay I don't know how new this
is to like you know people who have
played this game before but no I haven't
played any of these levels in in-stream
and that's the only time I've ever
played
no chat I have not played Dead Rising 3
i I don't know that I'm excited to it
looks like a a more boring Dead Rising
game oh not paying fit not paying
attention
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu digging on this music
though tiny barbarian music come on
get in there you dig Oh shadow saying
Dead Rising 2 had the best boss battles
I don't know about that that clown is
hard to top from dead rising 1 the
bosses in Dead Rising Jackman are all
just normal people who've gone insane
oh sure under under the strain of trying
to survive these on the apocalypse some
people have lost their mind as I would
imagine many people would
oh my god mr. shy smile says they said
when they made Dead Rising 3 they were
going for the call of duty audience oh
my god I can't think of a more opposite
game than the first couple of dead
risings
then call of duty I can't see how such a
horribly it will conceive marriage of
ideas would possibly work and first of
all like fucking yeah who isn't going
for the Call of Duty audience those
assholes will buy anything that was mean
that was really mean I'm sorry I
apologize to any Call of Duty fans but I
mean I also like Call of Duty makes a
billion dollars like saying I'm going
for the Call of Duty audience is like
saying I'm going for the audience that
spends money you know like that's the
audience everyone
snake
nope nope nope
dammit not fast enough I did bike on
duty you're right
I bought Call of Duty for research I
bought Call of Duty for science so mine
was different I still have it it's still
here
I should just I should return it I mean
never not like trading why why not huh
why not just cuz I haven't thought of it
it's just sitting
it's for its for no specific reason that
I haven't returned it is just I just
haven't had you know what I'm not real
unborn yeah you know what say it again
Richie oh don't know what I'm not
returning what as you shouldn't it was a
good game
I was really happy I'm I really enjoy
something about like steam that I really
enjoy is that it keeps track of like
hours played in games and you know it
doesn't do that like on your PlayStation
but it does do it in blood-borne on your
save file and so I was keep I was seeing
how many hours I've played blood-borne
the header huh how did you not die when
that boulder fell on you I had enough
health oh my god okay sorry so so ours
and blood-borne yeah I have a lot how
many I've about 50 hours pretty happy
with that I don't know if my
reformatting my PlayStation 4 would have
erased that information or if they save
that online somewhere I'm kind of
curious so many hours I've spent yeah
you know like I think that's fun
information that's information that I
usually enjoy seeing because that
usually helps answer the worth it
question for me hours in so about 50
into blood-borne and I and I'm still not
past that stupid spider got a boulder
rich oh my god this is a poison spitting
Boulder
the boulder has poison spitting flowers
on it
now imagine spending 50 hours in the
order this is uh Teddy KX I'd have to
play it ten times Oh God I've never been
more glad a game was short I was it you
didn't like the only like the only good
news to come out of its short length was
that literally we could film the
entirety of us playing yeah we're you
know like a lot of my editing of the
blood-borne episode has just been
gathering footage where it's like rich
and I'll talk about something that we
didn't get in our group playthrough of
it and so then it's just like I'll have
to recreate that you know yeah yeah and
yeah that takes time you know switching
operating systems booting up hard drives
and and one I'm booting up the game you
know if you need footage of something
from the game you can always ask me oh
that's true that's true I get you know
it's for me it's just like I am here I
can do it okay okay but you know what
you are right rich I do need to get
better at what do they call when you
give other people jobs delegating
delegating in general I need to get
better at delegating
I've also made it a just a joke for me
that I don't know if you know this about
blood-borne but you can play the game in
your underpants oh yeah I think yeah if
you unequip all of your outfit yeah you
do play the game in your underpants and
so for all the new footage I've been
gathering I've made sure to play it in
my underpants
that's so wacky no is that so wacky it's
literally just something to keep me
occupied you should have played it in
the doll dress I don't have a belt rez
yet you don't have the doll dress I
can't find the workshop you can get that
pretty early I can't find the there
there are a couple areas that I don't
have keys for and I don't understand how
I don't know where to get the keys it's
not a key the door just kind of opens
after you beat the blood starve beast
but it's the door that was formerly
locked
it's right near one of the lamps I don't
know if you want spoilers the the the
cathedral ward where you where all the
survivors go you go to that lamp but the
door immediately to your right yeah but
then the next door is locked no no no no
no instead of going up the tower ya go
down there's a spot you could fall off
the ledge I can't oh oh by the way I
spent literally 10 hours trying to find
the spot I can fall and I can't find the
spot I can fall it was the most
frustrating thing in the world it's
right down in there I don't know where I
can fall and it hurts my brain there's a
there's a big you go around go around
the tower it's in the back of the tower
yeah oh no no I know I know we're just
jump in the floor yep oh oh once you get
in there you can't find there's a way
down you just fall on top of there's
there's the ledge you got a fall on is
right by it's right at the bottom of
some ropes so you kind of have to walk a
little bit down the that little bridge
platform and then walk towards the ropes
you'll fall right on the right bridge I
and I've tried falling in so many
different spots and it annoys the shit
out of me because I keep dying find a
youtube video I'm sure this video well I
know I want to figure
myself hey yo I've been to that area so
many times and I just cannot like it was
because I found that I saw on one of
those those little weird-looking guys
you can only kill once they got like
some kind of special gem or something
and I'm the spider monster thanks yeah
what Oh spider - I saw him walk off the
ledge but or something down there yeah
no I've been to that area several times
and I spent a good chunk of time just
falling and man did that pista fuck out
of me cuz then it's just like you know
like it's it's that question of like am
I crazy or am i doing it wrong you know
you know like am I am I thinking there's
something here and there's not or am I
just doing it wrong and apparently I've
just been doing it wrong which is
equally
fuck you flower hey fuck you flower
thank you all thank you flounder while
our fuck you flower Oh haven't you ever
heard of the rare B breed of the fuck
you flower
it's not a flower you want to see you
know like this the only man I mean you
know I'm trying wrench trying
fuck you flower you know it's a it's of
honor that that had sex with you
unwanted sex with you it's not as bad as
a rape zombie a rape that I think is the
worst thing imaginable you a rib zombie
umm so it wouldn't kill you is the ID no
no it just rapes you repeatedly with
endless stannum oh because no zombie
okay cuz you know zombie sure is some
point you would just naturally die of
starvation uh yeah I would assume I
would also assume that and last like
unless it's like a super rape zombie
that also like it nourishes you with its
rape but the rape zombie is the the
worst thing that my brain has been able
to conceive uh all right I'm down with
that that's that's a pretty awful fate
that sounds like an awful fate to
Oh troll guy valium monkey bitches
mere little troll guy there's a little
uh gauntlet s control guy yeah and I
gotta love them in any case where were
we rape zombies back back the rapes on
this side right you know what
fuckin right
back to rape zombies isn't there uh get
hi Emma monkey you know what there's
monkeys rich whoa
there's Sui mines - that's one fun is
fun rich do you know that mm-hmm nope
nope I just did a bad thing right by
definition Bonin has to be fun that's
yeah that's kind of what it's that's
kind of a fun is all about kind of all
about having fun
and mandatory fun mandatory fun for all
fun having yeah absolutely
can you make fun mandatory is that
possible no yes yeah
you can make fun mandatory yeah because
all you're dictating is that fun happens
right yes
and so it's like buddy how do you make
somebody have it it's the question like
you like by saying like you have to have
fun and then okay and then they say okay
or in order to have fun I thrown in jail
nobody has fun then and you're just
stressed out yeah then make sure to have
fun but I gotta have fun yeah but if in
I guess in my scenario you get to choose
the fun that you have you know you must
have fun and you say okay in order to
have fun
I need a tub of ice cream and and
ghostbusters on blu-ray and then they
say okay here it is and then you have
fun because it's a totally then the Nazi
says no you'll just get this bench and I
asked some reason I did like a Soviet
thing for my Nazi guy I don't know why
you just get an egg bin I can't
determine you just get this bench
there's some tools on it have fun well
you can't man - you can't have mandatory
fun that way no that way okay okay
I'm saying there is a world in which you
can have mandatory fun yes but not like
that
yet looking like that
the soundtrack is killer
Oh tiny barbarian
Oh tiny barbarian you're great
okay
what am i doing what do I do well you
were you never able to get into that
volgarr the Viking no you know it's just
something about vulgare event it just I
don't know demands perfection
it demands perfection that's true yeah
and maybe that's it maybe I couldn't
deal with like vulgare you see the
problems volgar is funnest mandatory
first of all nice bringing a full circle
right you're bringing a full triangle
and I appreciated that yeah both got
vulgar was a little much yeah something
I was thinking and and I know we can't
which is why I'm bringing up right now
rich and I are deciding what to do for
our next prereq episode and because
technically speaking we don't have to
choose what to do until right when the
new video goes up because that's when I
put the end card on yeah yeah and we
have a couple ideas floating around
something that we could do is shovel
knight as it's about to be re it's about
to be released on the sony platforms
okay okay thank you think I can get down
with that or we could just do a shovel 9
episode and make it one of those
retrospective things I know we've both
we've all played shovel Knight but yeah
newly available I'm gonna say shovelin
not old enough to be a retrospective
yeah yeah
fuck you am I doing this wrong I might
be doing this wrong
left everybody cake says no steambox
discussion we've we've kind of done that
I think I think my opinion on the steam
boxes is yeah
and rich and I more or less agree on the
steam box I'm I think it's going to do
better than rich does in general oh but
our our feelings are pretty much the
same which is that there's not a big
market for it no no I think it I think
it's gonna bomb sure right and I think
it's going to do relatively well I think
I think the controller will do
relatively well I'm just so excited to
get my hands on that controller as I am
a controller person the ratio of
controllers to steam boxes sold would be
something like a thousand to one and
that we can definitely agree on no
matter what yeah how many of you're
looking for a computer it's it's too
expensive if you're looking for a
console well it's - no I think there are
those people out there that understand
that PC gaming is where it's at but
don't have the wherewithal to pick out
or build a computer you you want
something to get that audience who's on
the fence to introduce them to the PC
you want something that's a little bit
more in between yeah and and that's
where I think it's gonna shine in order
to be in order to be accessible in order
to be successful it needed to be a bit
more console flavored and and that's
what it is and if they can get the price
point right if that doesn't if that if
one of the companies can get the price
point right it's gonna go like
gangbusters
sounds like none of them have the price
point right well it sounds like all of
them are expensive because see when once
I know we've done this conversation to
fucking I'm in it now yeah okay when
when when Sony or Microsoft when they
when they launch the new Xbox in the
PlayStation they're perfectly willing to
sell it at a loss in order to get it at
more homes right brain now big ass team
because they're farming out the steam
box
two other separate companies obviously
they don't want to sell it as a loss
because it would just be a loss to them
they get nothing out of that right so
prices are gonna be comic let me hide
the concepts but they have they have
models they have models out and some of
the price points are comparable all
right for one thing the whole different
models thing yeah if you're trying to
woo a console audience I think that's
the wrong approach I I think this I
think the steam box should have been
baby's first PC sure somewhere between a
console on a PC and it kind of is it is
it could but you want you want a uniform
fucking hardware and you want to cheat
that's what you want with a console yes
yeah I don't want to the guessing game
of which one should I get and this one
is 0.6 percent better and this one and
this was not gonna be obsolete in two
years but I like by the way I like that
this one is 0.6 percent better that's
exactly the problem that's exactly the
problem and I do think that the market
will solve a lot of that you know and
that but you have something like that
when people learned the good things
about pcs they have a console that they
can do modding on and they can they can
they can use a mouse if they want to oh
sure but I still think there is that
market so people that don't want to muck
around there's still a market for people
who don't want to muck around with with
PCs yep exactly and have a console that
does what a PC can do yes and eventually
the market will sort out which one you
know which one of these several steam
boxes is the clear choice you know and
so eventually oh come oh god what what
what valve needed was a console that can
do a lot of the things the PC can do
what they have is a a see that could do
what a console can do it's they got it
they got it exactly backwards no no like
the valve
pardon the pun there audience are people
who already own pcs and naturally won't
be interested in this box that's more
expensive and has less functionality
sure but valve is interested in the big
picture here right and so they're
looking to convert console players this
is not going to do that no no this is a
shape before going to do that which
you're thinking small this is not going
to do that what's going to do no no no
you're thinking short how does the steam
box win over a console player who
doesn't have any it's the PC gaming how
not this generation of the steam box
this generation of the steam box will
not the second generation because this
one's gonna fail miserably again PC
gamers aren't gonna want one because
does less console gamers aren't going to
want one because it's expensive and
boodles would have and they want a
console they want the coach like but
here's here's what it'll do is there
will be a few they will sell god damn it
Google Suho they will sell a few to
those people who want PC gaming without
mucking around with a PC they will find
that perfect price point they will fight
you know like Alienware will have you
know their ones and everyone will agree
like oh this is the one you want to get
right all the other ones will go away
it's it's only $2,000 no no no it'll be
it'll be the right price point and
they're all it'll be the right price
point and the right specs
it'll be just in that butter zone right
and the market will figure that out it
needed to be to be uniform it needed to
be cheap and it needed to be able to do
some of the things that only a PC you
can do yes then and that you introduced
that to console players and they they
see the benefits of PC gaming Oh
and therewith but this is the thing
there will be god fucking dammit instead
what they're doing is they're selling
people who already own a PC there's a
kind of console there will fuckin fuck
there will be those early adapters
adopters is the thing I wanted to say
there will be those early identities huh
they they are you know what they're the
beta testers they're the ones who are
gonna figure out which is the right one
and after we all figure out which is the
right one that's when we're gonna start
converting people not this generation I
think I think the chats right I think
this needs to be an episode steam box
steam box yeah alright if we can get one
for under five grand
okay we'll start we'll start saving up
twitch money we had a couple
expenditures recently but we will start
we will start saving up first in box our
options are a steam box or a brand-new
car fucking idiots but see rich don't
you understand by doing an episode god
dammit god dammit will be part of the
problem as far as your doesn't make any
sense well as far as you're concerned
will be part of the problem because
we'll be there talking about it and
which will which will build buzz for the
products which will be giving which will
be giving feedback to the products right
uh-huh and so the next generation it'll
be the right product I did something you
say makes sense and I missed it oh well
I did the thing in the game that I
needed to do
oh that apparently wasn't the right way
to go um yeah well what I said was what
what we'll be doing in our episode is
providing the makers of steam boxes with
valuable feedback while simultaneously
generating buzz for the steam boxes in
general where is rich getting the idea
that steam boxes are insanely expensive
there was an add-on on steams main page
for one a few weeks ago they had a price
range did you know
stupidly there's more than one and the
cheap ones were like $1,200 it cost more
than my PC and I you might be wrong
about the cheap ones I will say that I
believe the cheap ones are in console
range the the Alienware ones were know
that they advertised on Steam the
Alienware ones the cheap ones were like
twelve hundred from 1,200 to 2,500
fucking someone check in on that I want
to say there were cheap ones for like oh
yes there's so many different ones
there's gonna be so many different
hardware configurations yeah there might
be some cheap ones and I'm like crap and
people who buy those they're probably
not gonna be happy in the long run
everything about everything they've done
except for possibly the controller is
stupid yeah this could be a fun episode
this could be a fun episode
oh no and I know I see I seen the chance
someone was saying that the other the
other issue the as far as I'm concerned
the big issue with the steam box is
steam OS runs Linux yeah
so that means steam boxes can only play
Linux games that's you know that's the
one thing I understand though because if
the steam boxes were you know the right
price point and if they ended up being a
popular thing mm-hmm
you would have poor people naturally
developing on Linux just to release
something on the steam box oh you'd want
the steam box to be a desirable thing to
have first but it would be the kind of
situation where new games would have you
know the the Xbox port the PlayStation
port and then the steam but these steam
OS right which is basically the Linux
version
oh sure the only problem is that
severely limits your back catalogue that
severely limits steams catalogue it does
it does work with the back catalogue but
I know why they want to do it because I
know like Windows 8 is there some danger
of Windows no longer being an open
platform and and valve doesn't want to
get fucked over by Microsoft right valve
would like it velvet like very much for
PC development to primarily happen on
Linux and I mean you know it's
completely free and open platform and
yeah I would be better for everybody
I'd support I'd be glad to switch over
to Linux if everyone would start
developing for it that'd be great
I'll tell ya I want people to develop
for Linux because apparently developing
for Linux is very similar to developing
for Mac's and so you'll find out you
like you would find a lot of Linux Mac
games so I'm all for that as well but a
truck trying to encourage Linux
development that's that's that's like
the one bit of strategy they have that
makes any kind of sense to me oh and see
to me like all you're doing is like it
makes sense to me but all you're doing
is is meaning is saying that like all
these games that you love you can't play
them on our box not like you can on your
PC that's actually the one part that
doesn't make sense I mean it makes sense
to me but that's the part that I don't
I'm assuming there would be ports of
many things oh god yeah oh god yeah
janaina chicken I don't know I know with
Windows 8 there's like they work at that
you know they're moving in the direction
of the Windows Store and in the era of
anybody just being able to make a
program for Windows was danger of coming
to an end you know Microsoft they're you
know they're not afraid to do stupid
things
nope they sure ain't you know why
everyone has windows and it will always
be that way forever and ever I know
which is why I would like to see you
switch over to Linux uh yeah I would
like to see that I was hoping that the
steam box would be successful on that I
can install Linux on my my computer
mm-hmm and I have dual boot for a while
sure sure
run whatever old stuff I can on a
Windows I'm no wine
I'm pile-driving Eagles rich I feel
pretty good about that
and I'm dying so much um you know I add
at the end of the day the real thing is
valve can do whatever they want because
they have more money than God and they
can afford valve can afford to make some
failures here and there truck yeah but
you didn't have to have a failure they
didn't have that failure here but what
they needed to do was they needed to
make a console with PC elements not a
not a PCB with console elements that's
what they needed to do hmm
you know I'm not going to be in the
business of telling valve what they need
to do I don't do that I I'm gonna give
them a little bit of the benefit of the
doubt I I will you are in the business
of criticizing what they do though we
are we are in the business but what I'm
doing all right you know what you know
rich that's fair that is that is 100%
fair
piledriver bald eagle I'm pile-driving
bald eagles they needed to market their
own hardware you need to do what I don't
you know loss that and then they can put
their their steamos on it introduce
gamers just you know council game is to
steam you know here's here's my defense
of that is that's that is how it's done
right now right like that's how that's
how is that is how Sony and Microsoft do
it at the time right and what if that is
not the best way its largest market and
that's what they have to try and break
in they you know specifically what if
substance subsidizing consoles in order
to sell games is not the best way
what if you know we don't know everyone
does it that way just because that's the
way that everyone does it right what I'm
talking about is the gaming equivalent
of a transitional cost right there
they're jumping straight to modern man
they're going right to cro-magnon from
the Lemur
from the lemur from the lemur nice yeah
yeah they're doing it they're doing it
nope sorry come on that's alright come
on
fuck fuck
I need another beer
talk to me Lawrence you got God so many
chords right right whores mrs. Jackson
pretty chords skin your fucking beer get
it faster I'm dying out here
