Episode 252
Tiny Barbarian & a Half (Part 2)
May 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4l7l9XKB2E
___________________________________________

hey I've not watched her devil gone over
this I probably should
I might get around to that sooner or
later when I'm not playing blood-borne
I'll watch daredevil how's that sound
we're just gonna piss in her quiet
little jacket back we're gonna see her
quietly
I had a sound of silence sweet sounds
way to meditate yes you if I was
meditating Jack what's what's going on
what what what
what getting a beer was frustrating no
the game the game was how the game it's
good game this is a good game this is a
good fun game it's a good fun game
hi I am Chet I am I am always working on
more stuff for the background that's it
goes slower than I would like what the
background elements for prereq oh yeah
we've been working on stuff we've been
working on stuff I'm excited too to see
more background elements as well I do
love some of the recent improvements
some of the recent improvements but
stuff likely improving these stands
we're using and whatnot so simple stuff
this yeah I haven't been working a lot
on actual new things to put up much yet
like was I was today oh I like what
we've been doing recently with like
mixing and matching yeah the backgrounds
and the characters on them I think
that's really neat I I did I bought us
some lights so we now have our very own
prereq lights and so we will no longer
look like the garbage which I'm really
excited I mean will still look like us
so you know that's a handicap to begin
with but our own lights that can stay
that we never had that we can get right
once and then never have to adjust again
can you imagine wonderful wouldn't
wouldn't it be just the greatest so I'm
really excited about that
I think I need to just focus on making a
bunch of characters and then worry about
appropriate background elements later I
agree yeah I think that's the smart call
Eagle Eagle there's a wine I want every
game to have its own little you know
screenshot tailored to that game but oh
sure the grounds are just terrible
horrible to make that background texture
for Mario of God you don't I'm making
that that same 16 by 16 tile over and
over again like times sure it's like
take me days to do that or I could just
spend the day and get a full character
done you know yeah that's probably the
smaller thing that that's probably how
I'm going to change my approach all
right down I think you're right
how do I actually make them lie I just
take some a foam board or if I need
something larger I'll get like the eat
like 8 8 by 4 wall insulation and I'll
cut that up but then I I draw a grid on
that with a t-square each pixel is is a
3/4 inch cubes I thought I thought that
was the best size not not too small not
too big and then I I drug 3/4 cube grid
and then I mark out where the character
would be in that grid and I cut it out
and then kind of like a paint-by-numbers
like mark we're all different colors
will do and then I've painted it later
yeah by hand rich hand hand draws out
each pixel and hand paints each pixel of
those characters and background elements
yeah and they're fantastic
all of them are fantastic I love them
not up close well that's that's true we
should get a close-up picture of one of
them to tweet out to everyone it's you
know you can basically you can see the
brushstrokes up close yeah and so yeah
it loses a little bit of a magic I still
think they're great fucking snake I
losing my cool rich I'm losing a bit of
my cool I got to get my cool back how do
I get my cool back you have to jump them
freezer forever first of all that's not
funny
you will get your hole back I know go
ahead and get my cool
when will we auction off the set pieces
when prereq is cancelled
oh so next week after Jay sees this next
episode
conceivably like like if like Mario gets
beat up enough I might want to remake it
sure so conceivably if we ever get
character 2.0 then we'll auction off the
old ones yeah sure that makes sense
okay by the way the reason it's just
been old arcade game type stuff or old
nest games it's cuz that kind of 8-bit
stuff is much easier to do then 1660
like the sonic would be an order of
magnitude worse cuz your pixels are
gonna be twice as small it's gonna be
twice as many pixels to paint who's
gonna be what is it how many more colors
are there is a 32-bit yeah instead of
doing like the one blue eye I'm doing
like like eight shades of blue just on
Sonic oh my god that would be a
nightmare it would be a fucking
nightmare and that's that's the reason
you haven't seen like Genesis Sega stuff
or anything like that
practicality
if I'm ever feeling insane ah
III maybe maybe I'll do like a very
early 3d thing when when you know you
could still easily count the polygons
and I'll try and build a 3d something or
other
like like all the red and blue 3d no no
like like quake oh I get it
you mean like doom guy yeah ooh
doom guys fun oh my god that's near
under the same problem with the pixel
size in the colors I loved I'd love to
make doom monsters though oh yeah you
know what would be great though is like
you could do the doom a heads-up display
and like you know just get do guys I
thought about doing that yeah doing that
yeah oh you should do that that'd be
funny because I mean that that can't be
very that can't be very intensive the
dooms heads-up display and then just
like a big-ass like gun him holding up
the barrel of the shotgun and the
heads-up display that would be great I
love it I'm officially commissioning you
to do that that would be hilarious
that would look great
fucking bird
I get me I could get me a burden I'm not
even comfortable so far everything has
been pixel accurate I mean the pixels
themselves are kind of misshapen fucked
up and poorly painted but everything has
been pixel accurate what does that mean
pixel I get your job like every every
pixel corresponds to how I would look in
the game everything I've done
oh okay taking artistic liberties
Mario's 32 bits across and he's you know
X number of bits hi it's that's that's
what the thing I make is oh fucking
birds ain't shit so I have to say about
you I'm not even calling the Eagles
anymore please just fucking Birds to me
birds
this is a good game any kind making it
something that way any game that makes
you cuss and bald eagles I think is
there's a mark of quality
I just gotta play it cool and right now
not necessarily player crawl get there
monkey
I almost ate it I didn't get yet
you know another thing about switching
over to Linux yeah you wouldn't have to
worry about whether or not your shits
gonna run on like the next iteration of
Windows yeah yeah shit shit
sometimes doesn't work at all or
sometimes works weirdly unlike the new
version of Windows something something
made for Windows XP is probably gonna
barrel its hands and disgust at Windows 8
sure and if valve had full control over
their own operating system you could
probably avoid a lot of that yeah yeah I
can see that I fucking did it
that's that's that's the one aspect of a
valve scheme with the steam box that I
would like to see come to pass the steam
OS you know I think I've talked about
big picture mode in general I don't like
it big picture I'm assuming would also
run on regular Linux I don't like big
picture mode either I don't know I just
I just want this shit to work on a free
operating system that's not gonna give
me a headache every time the new version
comes out sure
well I gotta kick that take this shit
out of an elf Mannie
yeah Helpmann um I just like in general
big picture mode is is good for nothing
except for playing it on a couch I don't
know no no it's it's good I hate I
remember I accidentally end up in big
picture bones yes me it's good for
nothing except for picking out what game
you're playing and looking at the store
like if you want to like chat with
people if you want to like check out you
know artwork or screenshots or any any
of the other things you can do in steam
the big picture mode blows that's that's
the downside of using a controller as a
yellowness enough as an input device
absolutely operating system as an input
and you know what I'm gonna agree with
you I'm going to agree with you even
though I'm a controller loving
motherfucker yeah
the other problem though is the steam
defaults a lot of its nope not even
close
steam defaults a lot of its uh bases too
like looking at screenshots and manuals
and stuff to browsers and then it's not
just about using big picture mode it's
about using steams browser in big
picture mode which is a huge pain in the
ass yeah see I never even thought about
I hate big picture mode I never play
around with it enough issue right you
know so oh I accidentally turned that on
oh god how do I get out of here and how
quickly can I do it even even when I do
play on the couch I'm gonna have my
wireless keyboard and mouse nearby you
know oh you know what that's the one
thing I forgot to get thank you for
reminding me oh yeah yeah need a
wireless keyboard I'll get that before
Wednesday
not a big deal oh I know we'll make it
work
oh sure sure sure but it's like it's
like even with a wireless or even with a
mouse and keyboard using big picture
mode you're forced to use steams
browser oh sure no but I mean if if I
were gaming on a couch I wouldn't be
using big picture mode anyway I'd still
be using Morris right yeah everything
sucks yes everything is terrible all the
time
this is the only lesson you must learn
everything is terrible all the time it's
like my goth voice oh it's an acceptable
god voice okay you're Metalocalypse
moisture every there just about
everything is matter of all everything
stops all of that time I miss
Metalocalypse they're doing a final
season our thing are they I think so
I haven't I mean you know see the last
time they did was the fucking cliff
hanger or son assuming there will be
more I just be in general I just haven't
watched it I'm sure it's on Netflix I
don't know everything's on Netflix
if you like something you buy the DVD
and you rip it onto a hard drive this
room you know what that's true
I rarely like things enough to buy them
on DVD for me buying something on
physical media is a big commitment
yeah I want my life to be physical media
free well that's where the ripping part
comes in
yeah but then you don't want DVD because
DVD is you rip it onto a hard drive yeah
but the hard drive is attached to my
computer and then I want to show well
I'll just click on the button icon rich
did you know the DVD watching thinks DVD
is standard definition yeah did you know
that yeah yeah it's not even it's not
even HD I don't freak out about video
quality oh well I do I want my shit to
look nice I see I have a different
philosophy I want quality I mean I want
quantity I want all my shit on the hard
drive and then I basically I've got like
I could just put like a big playlist in
and it's like the rich Evans Channel any
the shows I like I'll just start playing
I'll just have that in the background
all the time
and I like I want both you know I want
to make sure I want a mixture of quality
oh fuck that's not oh my god what was
that I was robbing my breath into the
microphone is your towel fell off
yeah
I'm excited I got I I went out for those
of you who are keeping up with the the
saga that is rich Evans headphones
Rachel why don't you explain your
current headphone microphone situation
well it's just tied onto my head with a
sweatshirt okay I have improved things
since the blanket days but still right
now your gaming headset which you use as
a microphone to talk to me yes is tied
onto your head with a sweatshirt yes
this is a real thing that is happening
in your life right now uh-huh okay and
you know as most of you know because you
know a lot of you are subscribers we we
you lose your twitch money to buy things
to better streams for yourself so I
heard about this problem weeks ago you
know rich is having trouble talking to
me because his headset broke and I said
rich let you know the money comes to me
and I distribute it and so I said rich
you know let me know what kind of gaming
headset you need and I will get you one
I just want one that works to this day
rich has never told me a gaming hank
said the other day I just went out and
bought him one because I figured he
would like that what did you buy it um
oh I forget oh wait is it it should be
I bought that it seems to be perfectly
middle-of-the-road
where it wasn't too expensive had all of
the nice doodads and had a mic uh-huh it
had a good mic there there was a couple
ones that that the guy said would give
us would give you better or sound
quality yeah
but the microphone wasn't as good and I
said no no no it's really important you
know he needs to talk to me we need our
lease early is at least the headset oh
they do nice and big they're not these
little tiny little things that go on
your ear but the big fat headphones
that's my only real preference your
phone out and so I can't hear anything
you're saying okay now I guess that's me
saying okay since you can't hear me
saying okay
and I know like and so Rich's only
stipulation was uh was he wanted can
headphones you know he wanted to the ear
covering headphones right yes and so I
got you
Turtle Beach which you know is that
that's their big yeah yeah they are a
well-known I got you the Turtle Beach
x12 okay amplified this up stereo gaming
headset and it has a little it has a
controller on it that controls volume
and whatnot and big can headphones and a
nice big microphone for it that goes
right in front of your face x12 the x12
it sounds fancy it's it looks it looks
very fancy written they look you know
what that looks just fine yeah I like
that looks great yeah I thought you
would think so
so nice you know like perfectly
middle-of-the-road
earphones they look good I know nothing
about them because I use I use a USB mic
and just my my headphones but you know
the guy the guy who I was talking to
didn't exactly know what he was talking
about he steered me away from a couple
that he said he had heard from people
who were uncomfortable after long
periods of times and it's like oh yeah
no they need to yeah that's why I want
that's why I wanted the cans yeah well
it's like yeah I know we do this
sometimes for four or five hours at a
stretch and it's like no no these need
to feel good on his face
also don't wear them on your favorite
that's that's like in the manual do not
put on face so yeah no they look good
I'm excited for him
I'll give them to you on Wednesday
somebody's asking about gifting us a
game Jack oh it's yours what is there
our steam thingy magic finger thingy
thing if you think if you gift the game
to previously recorded dot r LM at
gmail.com we will we will get that that
is Oh give me back my girlfriend you
dumb monkey that is our prereq Steam
account and we will get that or if
you're friends with either of us on
Steam you can gift it to us but your I
mean if you're asking this you're
probably not because our friend list is
constantly full
and we constantly work to unfold but
doesn't this is the latest it's just the
way it is the way things are we can't
help it we cannot help things so
previously recorded dot R LM at
gmail.com fuck is that gmail dot fuck is
our previously recorded Steam account
both rich and I have access to that and
we will get we will get the game you
send us
and a lot of times we play those games
or we put them in our gift inventory and
if we have like doubles or something
we'll give it away yeah if we do if we
do another giveaway stream which was a
lot of fun sure we should do another
giveaway stream yeah we should try to
find another thing like pictionary was
fun but we should try to find another
another thing did you give away for
because that was our Arbor Day Arbor no
I mean another game instead of
pictionary I mean Arbor Day today is
Thomas Jefferson's birthday did you know
oh no tomorrow I did not tomorrow is
Thomas Jefferson's birthday rich
founding father Thomas Jefferson the man
who literally was so upset with
Christianity that he wrote his own Bible
did you know that about Thomas Jefferson
no he was so upset with people with the
myth of Christianity that he wrote his
own Bible writing out Jesus really him
and just telling everyone to be cool
with each other that can't be true about
what Jesus Jesus are very cool with each
other we live in Jesus land all the
founding fathers were bigger than Jesus
that's not you that's including Benjamin
Franklin who was a notorious whoremonger
gephart yes Jefferson cut all the
bullshit out it wasn't much left listen
yeah oh they're saying he wrote out all
he wrote out all of the miracles and
basically left and just left in all of
the be good to each other stuff I think
that's great and you know what it was
horribly unpopular
what the hell is that
hold on Lisa just sent me a terribly
disturbing text message I think she just
went up to bed and wanted to send me a
disturbing text message to mess with my
mind it was a creepy picture anyway I
was hoping she was right outside my
office dead body it's a creepy doll that
looks to be in someone's attic okay what
is that why did you send that to me what
is that why did you say don't go it
wasn't like a picture of a bloody corpse
on your doorstep no it was a creepy doll
in someone's attic and then she just
poked her head in my office and gave me
it and smiled and it's just like that's
that's creepier
she made it creepier she knows just what
to do to make things creepy I think
getting texted a picture of a corpse in
front your house that that'd be pretty
creepy I mean of course that that would
be supremely creepy or really a corpse
anywhere you knew where it was you know
oh oh oh boss battle boss battle
actually actually you know you know
creepy what back in back when
photography was new when they used to
take God like family portraits of dead
people
yeah of dead people dead people they
want to preserve and the earliest days
of photography want to preserve memories
of the corpse you'll you'll see a family
portrait and you know because she had to
stand in front of the camera for like an
hour for a picture to take right say
you'd like to of the family members
would be a little bit fuzzy and then the
one would just look Chris little clearer
because they were of course oh my god
they would propose but they would pose
with a dead loved one as if they were
still alive isn't that terrible
it's weird as hell also you know I was
like photography was a new people didn't
have their pictures taken on often and
you wanted to remember what yo what your
daughter looked like so she
your dead daughter yeah yeah also right
now I'm Anna I mean I but it's just if
you see an old time you picture it's
like a family portrait and like everyone
except for one person is a little bit
out of focus that's that's why because
the one person wasn't moving at all oh
well that's just creepy
oh yeah but it happened oh no I I
believe it and I think that's great
right now also this this boss battle is
donkey kong inspired inspired not
talking expired it's donkey kong
inspired because we're talking about
people who are expired yeah exactly
but uh this giant gorilla has stolen my
girlfriend and is now throwing barrels
at me and so I have to dodge barrels
nice no I cannot like and I have to
dodge them I cannot hit them with my
sword which is very upsetting for me a
barbarian who likes to use this sword
what if they were in a horrible fire
well then they probably wouldn't take
the picture I mean most but most people
people died of like disease Batman let's
hey let's be reasonable
come on you died of dysentery that's
that's what was the big killer yeah we
don't no one likes to look at ugly
corpses even people back then you you
cut your finger and then bacteria would
kill you biggest he didn't have
penicillin right so you you died of a
paper cut back in the 1800s it was not
it was not a good time to be a lot that
I'm gonna call that an understatement
right nope got a paper cut Mercer make
it out in the will right it's the the
average the life expectancy of a of a
healthy adult male was 35 let's you know
come on
come on
by their barrels early on be smart be
smart about the barrels
monkey but sorry that oh oh Sean of
noise I'm sorry you're allergic to
penicillin but we're also in general
more concerned about bacteria these days
we clean things if ocean is allergic to
penicillin how do you feel about
antibacterial soap you know that's just
something that everyone likes and keeps
everyone out how do you feel about
doctors washing their hands I think I
think we need to cut out antibacterial
soap oh sure it's gotten a little crazy
now well no if it's actively harmful
where this is evolution at work you know
you know if you think evolution doesn't
exist and keep in mind that we're we're
evolving super bacteria with antibiotic
soap because because the the surviving
bacteria is resistant and it's not a
good thing that's not an antibacterial
soap that's antibacterial everything
like wait yeah we've hit it we've hit a
threat oh fuck you barrels we've hit a
threshold of antibacterial we've hit a
cleanliness threshold and so that's it's
not antibacterial soap it's people who
are too clean for their own good yeah we
all know I hate to get depressing on
people we're we're we're in store for
bad times once once that's all once once
the majority of bacteria is resistant to
antibacterial agents it's true it's true
but but really if you want to get really
depressing about it there's stuff
that'll happen away quicker
there isn't an amazing I think I think
I've talked about my love of cgp grey
yeah here before he has an amazing video
about the future of humanity and how
we're basically all doomed to poverty
yeah because of things like self-driving
cars okay one of the biggest employers
in America is the transportation
industry
don't think about it that's how
everything gets everywhere semi-trucks
right yeah once self-driving cars are a
reality which they already are but once
they are prevalent every single truck
driver in America will be replaced
because a computer won't get into car
accidents as often it statistically
proven right huh so what that means is
every is the the majority of people who
are employed in America will be out of a
job
adding to that things like like simple
things like automated checkouts right
which are super great at the grocery
store but that takes for jobs and
replace it with one human job right
because computers do the rest of the
work you just need someone to oversee it
all so all of these low skill jobs are
literally being taken over yeah at an
alarming rate to where we won't have the
resources we won't have a workforce is
basically what's going to have a wheel
right now America is is lacking a
skilled workforce and I'm doing a
terrible injustice to this beautiful
video that he made about artificial
intelligence and automation jacket what
at what point will class warfare turn
into an actual war that's the question
when is that going to happen
right I mean in our lifetimes are we
going to avoid that bass or that's a
good question that's a good question
class warfare
I don't know
that you know what that is that's a
terribly depressing question oh yeah
it's cuz it's gonna happen
of course it's sure sure because of
course it's gonna happen but but and but
by the way it might not matter if
computers take all the truckers jobs
because then everyone will be poor
because that affects everyone if you
take working-class America out of a job
that means there's not people around to
pay for our entertainment you know that
means everyone's out of a job
society would have to do something right
sure sure we would have to do something
but I can't why can't robots just take
all the jobs then program this program
that they have the care of these people
they can that's actually like the the
next part of this video which someone
please link to this wonderful CGP grey
video on automation and how computers
will take over everything he cites like
them taking over legal jobs like lawyers
are one of the highest paying
professions in America right yeah
but lawyers are terribly inefficient at
like finding and sighting precedent
whereas computers are really good at it
so lawyers are gone right the medical
profession is rife with with mistakes
because of human error so guess what
computers will take over that too
coming from so if you want job security
go into prostitution no no if you want
job security you have to go into
computer programming you have to get
into the thing that's going to take over
all the other jobs okay you have to
understand how computers work and the
prob the the big problem is fuck off
that's why you need a guaranteed income
for all citizens I don't know if that'll
work
thank you bit bill Utley I hope that's
the right link thank you for everyone
who's posting today it's a great video
it's a horribly depressing but really
fantastic thought piece on the future of
humanity that's why I'm such a big fan
of that grey he's a good thinker that's
my kind of depressing you know why
because that's right around the corner
like you know the eventual destruction
of the universe that's that's I'm not
gonna see that my children are going to
see that my children's children are
going to see that but in my lifetime the
self-driving cars will take over
truckers jobs and that will have a
drastic impact on my livelihood and
that's one way more depressing have they
done much work on self-driving cars oh
yeah
there there are self-driving cars that
are out now I've seen nothing about this
ever oh my god you got to get up on it
one just made a trip from from San
Francisco to New York unassisted yeah
are not uh necessity it was it was 99%
unassisted San Francisco to New York huh
completely self-driving I'm assuming
they would have some kind of manual
override of course of course they would
we're not feel comfortable completely
putting my life in the hands of the
computer oh god I would I yearn for the
days of self-driving cars I once saw
that oh sorry it's not that one plane I
think was in San Francisco crashed a few
years ago the planes like yeah it was a
plane crash and I think it was
attributed to the the
computer with Allah planned the place no
it thought it was like lower than it was
or something weird and it hit the ground
a little bit too soon a little bit too
hard you know that was that was the same
accident where after the plane accident
one of it one of the girls who survived
the plane was was hit by the emergency
vehicle that was on its way okay yeah
yeah I am all for self-driving cars just
because it means that I could get shit
done while on road trips you know the
idea the idea of someone else driving me
everywhere is a wonderful to me because
I'd you know like I run errands a lot I
Drive around a lot I would love for
someone else to drive me around and in
the next fast in the Furious movie as
Vin Diesel just gonna be taking a nap in
the car the whole movie oh my god oh my
god by the way that would be a great
premise to the next Fast and Furious is
self-driving cars trying to take over
the business of being fast and furious I
honestly have never seen any of those
movies so I have no idea like I don't
even know why they're racing in those
movies
why are they racing than have you seen
any of those movies now why are they
racing in those movies I don't care
street races I don't know because they
enjoy their being fast and are furious
they enjoy that's fine that's fine thing
to enjoy I know
mister I do like Google's self-driving
tech is amazing it's right now like
they're taking over cities with
self-driving cars like self-driving cabs
and stuff it's happening right now rich
and it's I've never so first I've heard
of any of this
oh my god get up on it this is a thing
that is happening right this very moment
and it's great
am I supposed to hit him he's holding my
he's holding my my barbarian lady
so I'm unsure if I'm supposed to hit the
monkey what else you supposed to do
exactly that's oh oh yeah I am okay I'm
supposed to
all right his health went down I I
couldn't see him isself went down is
there always a lady to save of course
there's always every boss battle I mean
I see why isn't the monkey tiny why
isn't to the mutton I thought the whole
gimmick was that you're like like like
an inch tall or something
oh sure so why is the monkey tiny why is
the monkey tiny that's a good question
well maybe this is like just your tiny
world you know but if everything's tiny
that defeats the purpose of having
something big dining something well the
bees aren't tiny you should be the
relatively speaking normal sized
barbarian yeah but that's not a very
catchy title the relatively speaking
proportionately sized barbarian yes I
think that's what I'm gonna try to label
this episode on youtube be relatively
speaking proportionately size bar Perry
and except for the bees they have the
giant bees
I ever monkey at little tiny barrels
yeah tiny barrels
yeah just right no only barrels oh by
the way your hundred percent right which
is why I think it's so funny these
barrels are killing me
Oh these barrels I can hit that's a
little bullshit why because in the rest
of the level I couldn't hit the barrels
like hitting the barrels with my sword
didn't do anything
yeah and so and this was the guy
throwing those barrels to someone in the
chats asking how goes watching Voyager
I'm done yeah yeah kind of a bullshit
and ago
well yes I saw the ending though when
that was new okay after I gave up on the
series that was the one time I remember
tuning back in sending amazing watch
that it's it's such bullshit it's such
bullshit set set something up do a neat
story thing you know it's just it's a
one Episode thing grass it's a terrible
web dump terrible what yeah did you um I
think at the end there is like one of
the worst episodes in television history
which is the Chakotay as the boxer
episode oh I think I stopped paying
attention during that episode I was
started I started doing something else
while that was on AH
oh man you want to have a bad time
watching TV you watch the Chakotay as a
boxer Voyager episode I could watch
Enterprise now it's not now Enterprise
is officially the only Star Trek series
I have not seen its entirety yeah I gave
up better I gave up enterprise after
three episodes I have not watched any
enterprise it was a good pilot it was
interesting because they weren't using
the normal Star Trek technology you know
they didn't have the normal phasers they
didn't have stun they didn't have
transporters and like within two
episodes they had all that shit oh
that's not fun what's the fucking point
of doing a prequel series you know I I
gave up on enterprise like three
episodes and I was like fuck this that
seems like a cop-out
you know I wonder if people were
complaining about the lack of snow
because it was it was too hard to write
around it without lazy transporter
solution how do we get here
transporter I spent well that's why the
transporter it existed in the first
place
villains because they didn't want the
the effects budget little-known or
probably well known the Star Trek effect
fact is the only reason the teleporter
exists is because they didn't want to
write more shuttle shots into the
episodes yeah yeah and so they're like
yeah you know what how about they just
appear on the alien planet that'll be
cheap next show I watch will probably be
daredevil at this point oh god it needs
to be watched daredevil yeah fuck it
fuck enterprise watch daredevil there's
a yeah I couldn't I couldn't bring
myself to start watching enterprise I
after I finish Voyager I like well I got
do this and I put on the pilot episode
and then I got 1/3 of the way through
the pilot I'm like no we're not doing
this we're not doing this
yeah get yourself some daredevil that's
great highly recommend if you like crime
procedurals or if you like dudes beating
the shit out of each other it's both
that's great that's if it's if it's like
The Man Without Fear I'm sure it's great
I know nothing about the man without
fear oh it's great
no it's you know what it is it's intense
good as it was it was it was year one
for daredevil that's what dozen ambled
up river monster
oh okay well then maybe then maybe rich
I think that's where they got the
makeshift costume from I love the
costume from what that's from with
banana not fear oh okay I love the
costume I know well it can't be that cuz
he had that costume in the 70s Hulk show
I think that was just early daredevil
festive I think why Black was early
dared over Gaza didn't he have the same
costume in the 70s all show seventies
show you know daredevil made an
appearance on the 70s Incredible Hulk
show the Lou Ferrigno and he's wearing
it very similar III don't I don't know
about that I don't okay I can do this
guys I can do this and just I just know
in the man without fear he just puts
together a costume with just like like a
sweatshirt yeah what no oh yeah no and
that's all it is and it's wet I love his
makeshift costume
I I love it so much I hope they don't
change it though I know they have to
because that's not you know when did it
become cool to hate Frank Doyle I think
recently cuz like like I said I think
recently he he almost like a dickhead
like he's like a 9/11 truther or
something I don't give a shit I he can
believe whatever crazy things he wants
as long as I enjoy material sure oh sure
oh yeah no like oh oh like I said I
don't remember I just remember there was
a big internet hubbub Allu about him
we're like everyone thought he was a big
dickhead and I was like oh yeah yeah I'm
sure he might be I don't know sometimes
like that colors it for me if you know
someone's a dickhead it's harder to
enjoy their work I think I don't know I
don't know maybe maybe some more
examples all right it's hard to name
examples just because like anybody's a
dick it I need you don't worry about
anymore ah
I think I think they don't have to do
something I found genuinely disturbing
sure
like Invicta if it's ever revealed that
Frank Miller was a child molester
sure okay that might color my opinion
okay it's not I would feel just dirty
reading a frank grillo work at that
point all right all right that's a good
example but just having some weird
fucked-up political views and whatever
listen I know I keep running into the
monkey that hurts you but I have to get
close to him in order to hit him with my
tiny Ford stand next door yes but are
you saying like whether I stand next to
him
you know he hits me with his barrels and
stuff
Chet the chat is bringing up Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise oh sure okay you know what no
Tom Cruise I'm with I'm worth rich on
that I think Tom Cruise is a fine actor
and knowing that he's a big weirdo
does not flower my opinion of him as a
fine actor so okay so I'm gonna be with
return this one wow they're just not
there's a first time right the I don't
know like it'd be it'd be really hard
for me to like I'm trying to vote Chad
what's the thing with Frank Miller why
do people hate Frank Miller now what did
he do what did Frank Miller do to piss
everyone off you know you know what I
did feel a little bit yes when I was
watching Beetlejuice recently because uh
because if what's-his-face trying to
play kind of what no no no the the child
molester that's in the movie the Dietz
Dietz he's a child molester I believe so
yes Oh though not although the other one
Winona Ryder's father no really
yes oh I didn't hear that
the ferris bueller yeah yeah oh I didn't
hear that
oh yeah Thank You Chad
Jeffrey what Debra Jones Jeffrey Jones
was a child molester he's a child
molester wait is he still alive
yes well then yeah that would definitely
color he was convicted or it was just an
accusation
I don't recall okay if that makes a
world of a difference
and I love Beetlejuice I never watched
it like few weeks cause Holy Terror anti
Muslim oh he wrote an anti Muslim book
and he ranted about Occupy Wall Street
that's it is that all he did who
different Frank Miller oh he wrote an
anti Muslim book and he was apparently
anti-wall Street or anti Occupy Wall
Street one of those things I'm
completely fine with I think it's okay
to hate the Muslims ain't no ridges I
don't think you should hate anything you
can disagree with some things but you
know I oh I know I don't and I don't
think it's a terrible religion I'm sorry
every religion terrible yes yes we can't
we can't exclude them I'm not or we
can't we can't we can't uh where's a
single them out for being any more
terrible than anyone else because he's
an extremely nice all who was extremely
big oh okay yeah they're just saying
he's a bigot okay I don't know like I
said I just heard he was dickhead that's
that's the general consensus is that
Frank Miller is a dick it now or always
was but people are paying attention now
I suppose is more accurate
yeah
no like I I definitely like I have
qualms with people who take who take
action against Muslims over over anyone
else well mostly because like there are
people who will be like who would take
actions against Muslims literally just
because they're brown I want to make
something clear
yeah fundamentalism ruins everything and
I think fundamentalist Muslim
fundamentalist Islam is fucking
nightmarish it's a fucking nightmarish
thing and there's plenty of Muslims in
this country and elsewhere who are
moderate and decent people yes they're
here I don't want to send the wrong
message here yes
but it it just take though it just takes
those few fuck terms and and and is the
only fucktards of any religion that ruin
it forever
yes so we are like and I think this is
the the problem with I think I think our
day and age though I think the Muslims
have the highest body count and this day
was so in the time of the Crusades
saying like overall the Christians had
it they might have it overall the
Christians yeah
I think and contemporarily Muslims have
the highest body count contemporarily
that's that's a terrible thing
yes and it's all the fault of
fundamentalist dickheads
yes that's true a question I see to
bring things back to video gaming yeah
have you played Fez rich no okay
I have played Fez Fez is a wonderful
game up until like the hour and a half
mark and then it becomes insufferable
Fez is this beautiful game with a
wonderful mechanic that has like a
unique art style that is achieved
beautifully but then the game initiates
this sort of Metroid esque backtracking
feature which is 100% of ruined by it's
terrible Maps navigating in Fez is a
feat of its own damn it oh no Deniz what
what is happening just to hear somebody
in the middle of a entirely different
conversation just to suddenly go obese
is is amusing okay oh I want I want is
what happened oh god are the bees a
reference to Donkey Kong 3 I don't know
yes have you not seen Donkey Kong 3 I
mean it's probably been ages I played it
it plays like Alexia it's not even Mario
it's some kind of like beekeeper guy
he's at the bottom of the screen with a
bug spray gun and he shoots up at Donkey
Kong and a swarm of bees that he sends
down on you by hitting their beehive oh
that's yeah so in any case Fez is is
this beautiful game that you get a
couple hours of if you can pick up a
copy for like under five bucks you got
yourself the makings but I and I've
tried playing it a couple times because
it recently came - it was on PSN and so
I got to download it for free on my Vita
and I gave it another try cuz I played
it when it first came to like the Xbox
360
oh this is gonna be tough um can I just
oh I can just hold down the button and I
gave it another try and I ran into the
exact same problem which is I love the
beginning of it but it it gets old
fucking fast and then a second you have
to backtrack you have no way of knowing
where you're going the maps are terrible
so that's my that's my official fez
review okay I have not seen I have not
even seen Fez did you ever play um Oh
which which Mario game did it I want to
say one of the Paper Mario games did it
with like perspective shifting where you
could Super Mario Super Paper Mario yes
Super Paper Mario yeah like it that's
the whole game is like you you shift the
perspective but you can do it in four
you know four slots instead of just two
slots like Super Paper Mario okay way
this is sounding maybe I've seen a video
listen here like a little you're like a
little white cube guy and you have a
little red no it sounds familiar it's
it's super it's it's this really neat
art and a really fun idea that gets
wasted by backtracking level design
alright so
why are you so forward in the screen one
should hang back a bit so you see what's
coming because my big priority is not
trying not to run into the other bees
okay okay
and so it's like I'm I I don't run into
the other things as much as I run into
the other bees and so okay okay I agree
and it's like the bees are coming from
the back of the screen and so like my
main priority is really just black is uh
is avoiding them because they move
faster than all the other objects
chicken Thank You chicken oh my god
there's a man with a gun now we are
playing a whole different game Oh might
what these should not exist in a
barbarian game but you're a tiny
barbarian it's true
we are now playing ikuraga a cougar ooga
we're playing a bullet hell game now
okay okay that seems like it would be
annoying this is not what I signed up
for when playing tiny Barbie exactly I
applaud their efforts to to change you
know to change things up to keep it
fresh but I guess if they're going for
just like general you know retro game II
feel
that's the smart thing you dude take
them up take them out
can I think oh I can take out the other
bees - oh that's good to know
I've just made a discovery Ridge look
you can slash your thwart not only guys
slash my sward but my bee has like a
little like stinger drop um so I can
make things much easier yes I can take
out the bees and the shooter oh they're
coming for me
oh I wonder how your beef feels about
taking out his fellow beast though
probably not he's probably not cool with
that or he's a mindless drone and he
does what I say Dayo I'm the Barbarian
here so he's a fundamentalist and you're
his religion that's crazy rich yeah we
just got off at what the fuck is this
level I say what I think Jack say what I
think there's there's no way I can stop
you know that's you know what it's okay
it's okay rich you be fundamentalist be
thank you for subscribing we are very
much appreciated
oh okay apparently if I hang all the way
to the backpack like the guys at the
guns just go away
I think I just did it
oh my god what
I can't believe this this game is still
happening can I sing what never mind you
bet you walk past that
No
I'm out of here monkeys oh my god I'm on
a level that moves by itself now oh my
and there are there like Mega Man esque
like jet booster obstacles this is
getting a little fucked possibly in a
good way
I haven't decided yet what is the rush
fear of her bearing at this point get
his levels forcing him to move forward
right what's the rush or I have to save
my girlfriend my boat what does it was
the motivation for this I have to save
my Barbarian lady no clear motivation
than barbarian ladies
fuck man fuck man what do you want me to
clear motivation the barbarian ladies
and gave her subscribing I was just
gonna talk about something before I give
up barbarian ladies
that's that
monkeys classic games my help
guess what it's gone now I had something
I had something to discuss about hey
y'all don't movies I don't know either
rich I don't know either
it's the magic sometimes oh well you
know what
rocket
get out here spit eat cobra thing it was
probably a Cobra
uh-huh nope can't hit those away nope
gurgi damn it rich Goerke damn it mm-hmm
can I go down here no I can't oh this is
actually really bothersome not because I
had something I wanted to talk about I
think you're in the middle of weight too
much craziness for that oh I know I know
but it's like I had something on my mind
it's like oh I can bring up this this is
poignant it was it was something that
had to do was something we were talking
about which is why it's why it's most
upsetting to me but you know what
nothing I can do about it Oh God pardon
now
is that
I don't know yeah no I like now I forgot
even what I was gonna say well through
the chat have talked about um we're
talking how many times you've died
oh I'm sure several Jack talk about a
good beef stew recipe beef stew
I don't know if or the good beef stew
recipe exists do you think there will
ever be another Star Trek show hmm
that's a good question I they they will
try and fail mmm here's what here's
here's what's gonna happen
it's they're gonna find out it's really
expensive a high quality show the CB CBS
owns the show out right they own trick I
believe so and they're gonna want it on
a network and they're not gonna want
they're not gonna do it low budget and
they're gonna find out it's really
expensive to do that it's not very
cost-effective and it'll last season it
might even be really fucking good but
it'll end there because it's just too
expensive
agreed oh you know bb1 kickass of
whatever and then it'll be gone
yeah that's might have a far cheaper
season - that is very disappointing in
light of the amazing first season or
like a half of a season you know like
instead of 24 episodes it'll get like 12
episodes yeah you know what you're
probably right that's
Oh nope
that was the other thing about the
daredevil show by the way yeah it looked
so nice like if you compare the
daredevil show with like arrow or like I
was talking about that powers show for
that that was on that's on PlayStation
Network
yeah powers and arrow look like cheap
soap operas compared to daredevil
daredevil looks nice it has some talent
behind the camera it's it doesn't not
everything feels like a set like
everything in Aaron I watched the whole
first season of arrow just because in
general I enjoy the superhero genre so
it's like yeah if I can watch it show
about a guy who shoots a bow and arrow
I'll watch Batman with a violin bow and
arrow because I ask because I want
superheroes in my life right yeah
everything in the arrow feels like a
cheap set yeah and then you watch
daredevil and it looks so good I gotta
watch this daredevil now I don't want to
oversell it this is the thing that has
to happen you did does need to happen
you've already sold it it's too late
you've already sold it you've already
oversold it I've already oversold it yep
that's what we're gonna get that outside
I fight I my expectations are through
the roof you know what I completely
through the roof good it's happened it's
happened good you know what
fucking good anticipate something hope
for something maybe you'll be
disappointed maybe you'll be pleasantly
surprised maybe it'll be right in the
middle of where you thought it was gonna
be these are all possibilities that's
the middle of what ought to be that's no
good as my expectations are high the
show has to live up to them in order for
this success to happen uh-huh
you want to enjoy something you need to
keep your expectations low right then
spend occasionally you get surprised but
thanks to chat tonight the daredevil
expectations have gone through the roof
you know what good hope for something
hope for rich make it happen
be the change you want to see other
inspirational phrases you use hope to
torture somebody who's doomed that's
true we're probably not going to stream
Mortal Kombat X rich and I aren't super
fighting game guys I'm totally not
fighting game guy no see here's the
thing I see in the chat someone is
saying Daredevils great TV it's not
great Marvel Cinematic Universe this I
want good drama idea I don't want the
Marvel Cinematic Universe and that's
what makes it so great is it's so
different than anything else in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe
there are cusses there's blood there's
murder there's you know gore effects
yeah my expectations didn't go up until
I heard it was unlike yes
and here's the great thing about that is
something like this that's stylistically
so different can exist in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe this gives us hope
for good projects this gives us hope for
later I want a good gritty origin story
yeah
and you know what I think you're gonna
get that with this alright alright do
the rough do the great
I can't wait I can't wait for Wednesday
you like yes all right
you know I certainly felt okay about it
come on dude come on tiny barbarian we
talked about before yeah Star Trek yeah
that's a gonna have it I do need to kill
Oh Mike what the one other thing I want
to bring up about the future Star Trek
show yeah may or may not happen when
what will its continuity situation be
well it will it be part and personal
with the with the a brave aj abrams
verse or will take place the far future
of the JJ Abrams universe will will it
be a continuation they probably won't do
a continuation of like next gen Deep
Space 9 Trek I don't know imagine
they've gone past that you ask good good
try some thank you thank you because
that's that is the important question
with new Star Trek yeah is whether it's
Abrams go faster faster this yeah I mean
I would I would hope they would continue
next gen lineage just because that's
that's my favorite obviously but we've
they've they've played that universe to
that thing the next gen universe have
they I mean we've with with Deep Space 9
we've seen a torn apart and built back
up and deconstructed and reconstructed
they they need something fresh if
they're gonna do another show I'm gonna
say it should not be a continuation of
from wherever Deep Space nine and
Voyager left off is there is there a
universe for different timeline earlier
timeline or complete reboot or you
ignore any previous continuity that's
see that that's if I were making the
show that would probably be what I would
do
ignore any kind of don't don't worry
about the excuse of time altering things
just make another Star Trek esque show
sure
this time I kind of use the chicken
that's okay for a moment we're all for
speed go for speed just ahead of this
stupid camera but then like do you just
call that Abraham's universe because
it's the new universe okay whatever I'm
saying I'm saying you also have to sell
this to the studio you know yeah yeah
and so like to the studio you say like
oh yeah this is totally in the Abrams
universe but it's you know a whole new
experience the kids are gonna love it
you could technically take place in that
universe and be flavored and completely
differently
yeah do something with the movie
uniforms those are great uniforms they
need to be on a TV show like the the
Wrath of Khan Arab type uniforms and I
think those are my favorite Starfleet
uniforms Wrath of Khan that yeah but
well you know that in general them the
trek that the original cast movies
outside of the motion picture you know
what sure people or people just wore
whatever as long as it was pastel oh
damn it I did
I stopped to take a drink a beer and got
hit by debris because apparently you can
get hit by debris in this fucking
section cut damn it you know I'll fuck
you up game things landing on your head
things are landing on my head oh man
oh I think we've hit Metroid yeah yeah
there are now like little like slime
spewing slugmonsters okay okay we are in
a underground cave like area so we've
got yeah
Donkey Kong - Metroid oh dear God think
I'm okay with this what if I just want a
barbarian themed game I that's that's
the only thing you know I get I get what
they're doing they you know coming I
believe it is what the property right I
want to fight you know skeleton monsters
and what that I died what I did like
fighting the skeleton evil evil wizards
of all that kills you
yeah you know even the monkey was on
theme and and you could homage with your
monkey
you could don't quote me on this but you
could omage with your monkey reckless we
we streamed it once actually have played
volgarr the Viking yeah yeah it's neat
oh I don't know if I know sorry if I
said really I said rich like Oh
with you I wouldn't say I hate it I find
it interesting
I can appreciate I could appreciate it I
don't necessarily enjoy it oh that's a
big distinction it is Oh God
that was kind of cool apparently now we
are in Egypt land we are not in Metroid
we are in Egypt land and of slime mummy
just spewed forth those slime slug
things so I can be down with that this
games setting us ADHD a little bit I
feel like the first adventure had a
little more focus to it that's it that's
what I was going to talk about the focus
rich I got it that's that's excellent I
remember what I was going to talk about
I'm glad about thing I'm really glad
about thing too I was gonna talk about
danger five were you around when we were
talking about Dane the show danger five
no danger five it was is this really
amazing satire TV show that meant that
goes to ape the look of early 70's
italian film and it does so beautifully
all the exterior shots are miniatures
everyone's voice over is overdub all of
the action is a little ridiculous it's
it's great
I really recommended the first season of
the show danger 5 it's very funny
especially if you like old bad cinema
like we so familiar wasn't there a movie
recently that was kind of like a retro
sci-fi movie ok ok retro sci-fi movie I
don't know yeah I was made as a science
fiction movie that was made in 1970
whatever oh I don't I don't know well
you know people would be wearing like
watches in the future it was like you
know yeah no reference of anything like
an Internet right because they didn't
have that in the 70s yeah yeah I mean I
would believe it I don't know what
you're talking about
Jack help us out starship 76 might have
been it that's hardcore in the chat but
in any case danger 5 really funny show
on Netflix and the first season Apes
these you know 70s era Italian films mmm
the second season kind of bills itself
as aping eighties action movies and it
is an incoherent mess really what is
what explain I will
context in details context in details
well listen first I'm giving my thesis
statement oh sure now now we get the
context in details so like I said that
the suspense has worked and I would like
details that's all I'm saying oh great
it was a compliment oh great so like I
was saying with the pitch perfect satire
of 70s movies they they used miniatures
as all the exterior shots right in
season 1 they continued to that trend
with season 2 but that does not mesh
well with satirizing eighties action
movies because an 80s action movie would
never use a miniature as an exterior
right they kept to the overdub gimmick
and like the the big thing with the
first season was the characters were
always trying to kill Hitler it took
place during World War two yeah Hitler
is still the main bad guy in the 80s
movie or in the in the AIDS action movie
series which is very funny
but but none of the satire the the
biggest problem I had with it is none of
the satire is as coherent oh my god I'm
failing we're like they're they did an
episode that was supposed to spoof like
Oh a chicken that was supposed to spoof
like a DS high school stoner movies that
turned into like a murder Freddy Krueger
satire that turned into some other kind
of it's it's it's five different
episodes rolled into one and it's insane
while trying to keep the
characterization of the first season
intact while trying to keep some of the
visual gags of the first season intact
like the the use of miniatures you know
yeah characters died and like the jokes
are far more insane it's it's it was
honestly like painful to watch and I
really enjoyed the first season so
basically what I'm saying is they messed
up their satire that's the biggest yeah
yeah their satire and their jokes went
from like these subtle jabs at
filmmaking to pure insanity
that's the biggest problems
that's the biggest problems be guys you
got be guys rich oh my god I know I
loved it we have so many be guys what
it's midnight already midnight already
me as well but you know press so now
we're gonna see if there's a it's it
seems like there's a boss battle coming
up and it's like I'd like to I don't
know you you just ran into because
there's not yes there's not gonna be one
or two big us yeah probably I think I
think you've got a whole other segment
or two to go before you resemble you run
into anything resembling a boss I guess
I just beat a boss why has the level
still happening if I just beat a boss
that's a normal question what the monkey
yeah this is obviously a different level
set
where did my girlfriend go I beat the
monkey she's got better things to do she
does she doesn't she's my barbarian
girlfriend maybe she found another
barbarian you gotta move on oh my god
she's just not that into you that's the
twist is she found another barbarian
no bitch just you you saved her and that
was fine you know it was convenient for
her yeah but you know some other dude
he's got pretty sword
you know yep yep would were that I was
always worried about the size of my
sword but I mean I am a tiny barbarian
so it's like yeah it seemed it seemed
appropriate for me you know she's only
into big barbarians what well then why
did she let me save her like she seemed
because you were saving her she's not
gonna dump you in the middle of you
saving her she's gonna wait for you to
save her and then the dumping commences
I don't know that seems like mixed
signals
oh thanks that was as real nicely but
but you know we really have to have a
talk oh that bitch you know you don't
wait you know until before you slain the
evil wizard that's trying to sacrifice
her before breaking up she waits until
after that because she's she's not an
idiot
I don't know
I don't like her all right kill more be
guys why aren't you killing more you
guys I'm putting the blue you're letting
them live and they're fucking your ass
they're fucking with you there it's why
I fly at you so I think they need to die
before you can go on to make progress in
in they're just following you around
like like a bad suit I don't know that
doesn't make any sense that doesn't make
any sense
in previous levels it seemed prudent
just to kind of move forward until you
get to the next area it seems like they
have changed this up it seems like they
have changed tactics on me and so that's
when I was trying I was just trying to
move forward in hopes that I could kind
of right you know what I was trying to
do I was trying to bloodborne it gonna
run run fast the enemy to get to the
next level and obviously not working
super well for me
Gilroy max funk says these aren't beasts
they're wasps the you know what some of
the some of the new ones are they have
wasp butts
I think yeah boss four bucks you know
what kill remix Punk you're on the
trolley you are right on that trolley
wasps are assholes
that's true you know bees just want to
fuck flowers and go about their day
wasps though they don't give a fuck
these are like hey baby let's see what
we can do together
what I'm just watching why should you
get old by these wasps not saying I'm
not saying I'd do any better fuck fuck I
did play that one a little slower and I
felt better I didn't get any further but
I did feel out fuck I did feel better
about my performance I'm gonna fall in
spikes and kill myself on purpose
because it's just time to start this
level over I haven't done a very good
job
what okay here we go this is it this is
the run this is the run where it's
happening I can't see anything I'll have
to take your word for it
this is where it's happening right to
adjust my sweatshirt you know what we
need a sweatshirt on my head for four
hours now on Wednesday I need you to
bring your sweatshirt and your old
headset okay we need a picture of your
current setup before we before we can
upgrade before we can upgrade you we
need to know what you are living with in
order to provide us with quality
entertainment I think that's a
reasonable request
not killing it
well killing is this is going on it's
just not you that's doing the killing
that's the problem I'm not killing it
they're killing it
and it is me oh my god right oh this is
this it just means it's time to stop
playing video games I think it's time to
stop playing a video game I think you're
right I think it's been too long I think
my mom yeah okay we're done we're done
don't worry everyone we will get a
picture of rich with his blanket setup
and I will use that as our Twitter
picture for the Wednesday stream we will
stream on Wednesday things are gonna
happen thank you guys for coming out we
really appreciate it thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else who just came out to watch
what we've always played that stupid
bread game fuck that bread game tiny
barbarian it's where it's at any of our
friends fun game fuck that bread game
but thank you anyway all right
