Episode 258
Titan Souls & a Half (Part 3)
May 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9Uc87CQQ84
___________________________________________

all right just beat a couple more bosses
that's nice I think I have to go back to
that night now
I have to go back to that night now
which I'm okay with I think I can handle
you can't trick us
hey Jack rich just joining the chat what
do you guys think about daredevil
particularly kingpin yep yes you're very
you're very funny you're very funny
I give up on everything
you should just everything all the time
just like you should give up on this
game we're talking about I'm every great
them I want to fight that night boss so
you only fight bosses you only fight
bosses that's it what do you what do
they need this open world for them what
is going on in this huge expansive ring
you're wandering around then what do you
do what do you do when you're not
fighting bosses basically walk into the
next boss yeah I think it's just that
miss fear okay a reminder of how small
and insignificant you are how much how
much did the game cost
14:35 look up that's a bit much
yeah what I've seen um and I will I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you I'm
enjoying it I will say that yeah I think
if I could have tried to find this
skeleton guy now like if I could have
gotten it for ten like $9.99 five you
know or four or five that's a lot my I
swear my brain is I'm saying if I could
have gotten it for ten I would be I'd be
happy I'd be happy
5 min 5 would be long
I'm not like at fifteen or fourteen
thirty five or whatever it was
I'm happy with it not a hundred percent
I've got higher standards
slightly understands
Jack and rich how come you guys don't
cite the performance issues in the blood
burn video I know you mentioned the load
times but the framerate and motion blur
are pretty damn horrible what
performance issues
what's wrong with the framerate it's
fine it's fine it's fine no I don't I
don't care you know what if it's if it's
like 58 frames instead of 60 I don't
give a shit this game that's what's
matter what matters is that it's fun the
only before warming issue that bothers
me alone in class yeah and we do we
discuss that and that that's the real
thing I believe blood-borne runs at 30
frames a second spot but it's fine the
game makes up for that
we're not gonna we're not gonna cite
some console more cinematic experience
bullshit none of that the game is good
enough where you don't notice the
framerate that is the honest truth
where you are so into the game you don't
care about the framerate and if if all
you're paying attention to is the
framerate while playing blood-borne then
it's not a game for you if there's
performance issues I haven't noticed and
it hasn't in any way to attract it from
the game so yeah I'm not gonna complain
about it yeah yeah that's the thing
I'd yes neither rich nor I noticed it
and rich more so tonight is an avid avid
PC gamer a spectacular evangelical for
the PC master-race
neither of us noticed so so like there
are a few times where you know where oh
there is like there's a few times when
you're walking through the world and
you'll get you'll get a hiccup you'll
get like a chunk you know where it's
like oh this is this must be where the
world
what is this now this must be where the
world loads or something every once in a
blue moon but now I think you I think
you're crazy
citing performance issues
that's already telling me rich is an
asshole well we all know he's an asshole
we all love him for that all because I I
had eight and a one issue with a series
that I like can't win Jack you can't win
never you never can
okay great I found it rich you never can
if neither of you noticed the thaw the
sub-30 hurts and sometimes ten frames
per second drops I actually questioned
your credibility in reviewing games yeah
cuz that's you know that's what's
important not how fun the game is
absolutely get you get your priorities
straight is what I'm saying because I
know that no matter how fun a game is I
can't enjoy myself unless the specs are
up no fuck that we we play games I'm
still playing blood-borne no I don't I
don't give a shit if it doesn't meet
your sky high technical expectations
right
hmm yes I'm back to this box I can do
this
I can oh oh but I'm back here I got to
find that other save point damn it
that's just looking for crap to complain
about right there
right right what if what if they took
out half the enemies in the game so Oh
would that be preferable yeah yeah you
know what let's let's just take out all
the enemy variety and all the open world
goodness and exploration and then then
it'll run really smooth it'll be just
like the order okay oh yeah wait I'm
Filipino Bruno this is the one who's
complaining it says Jack and Rich don't
get me wrong
in the previous comment I said I love
blood-borne but the unlocks framix makes
the game worse I'm not asking for sixty
you guys have a hard time emphasizing
empathizing with other people well and I
think we've talked about this before it
I am provides plenty just if I think
your complaint is stupid I'm not gonna
care well I'm not not only that but we
can't tell your tone in text and so your
complaints came across a little snide
your complaint came across as because
you said that you in fact no no you at
you literally said that you lack or you
don't believe our credibility when we
don't mention frame rates and I think
that that is silly because again the
game is very fun and so your comment was
snide and so we met your comment with an
equally snide response I'm glad that you
enjoy blood-borne but you you came
accused arted aggressive and rich I met
your aggression
is on is how I'm going to say that if
you think that's accurate
this is something I have not heard many
people complain about here's one
blood-borne
performance issues no I don't know if
I've ever heard anyone yeah is the first
time ever hearing about it yeah
it is for me as well and I you know what
I mean like I said I I don't want to I
don't want to come across as if we're
being mean to you but like I said I was
just me I was meeting your tone and so
you know perhaps choose your you know
choose your words a little nice right
now
I will try my best to also choose my
words
because he says this is the thing em
Filipino Bernese em Filipino Bruno says
well no the credibility comment was
because performance does matter to some
people and if you didn't notice the bad
performance in blood-borne it's shocking
to me it's clear that were my biggest
gripe of the game but that's not what
you said like the this is the problem
with like reading the chat and you
having a small thing to type as we don't
understand your full thing all you said
was you don't listen to us because we
don't believe in frame rates and like if
that's a thing for you
that's fine the reviews the way I see it
is what I think of the game right and if
I don't think it's a problem I'm
probably not gonna complain about it or
mention it right this well this is the
thing and so like if that's a problem
for you that's I mean that's then that's
your thing and that's fine in your
review of the game that would feature
prominently exactly exactly
it's it's Ana territory of what I would
describe is non-issue
right why would you fight you know much
why we didn't talk about the length of
the or cares I don't talk about it's
fine you know it's it's basically it's
all fine if that's something that you
are concerned with I've you know that's
obviously than something you're
concerned with and you know in this is
something that I like I we did mention
like the ragdoll physics right the
ragdoll physics are crazy and they're
comical and I will apply the frame rate
issue along the same lines which is in
any lesser of a game that would be what
we were talking about you know we'd be
talking about frame rates and how like
it didn't meet technical specs because
there's not enough game to talk in any
lesser of a game that's all we would be
talking about is these minor gripes but
because blood-borne is so good
we can look past those things I hope we
can and I hope you can as well because
the when you have a game that good it is
it is fair to say your reviews are not
meant to be objective technical reviews
its editorial and just simply what you
want to talk about exactly Thank You JP
versus the world that's the thing if it
mattered to us a lot and hopefully you
know here in the chat you get to hear
why it doesn't matter switches which is
nice you know you get to have a little
more
you get to have a little more in-depth
conversation and I think that is a nice
thing even though we might disagree
more interactivity little more
interactivity
come on arrow okay arrow okay
Oh Oh he shot his own Oh
did you discover a thing maybe
well is it thing that will change the
world well my problem with his boss is
you seemingly what you have to do is
shoot the magic arrow and then quickly
retrieve your arrow and shoot the boss
which which is a little difficult cause
it takes a while for your arrow to get
to you but if you can time it right
apparently he can shoot his own arrow
and then and then you can just shoot him
so if I can find a way to kind of get
his arrow then then he can choose his
own errand I'll just be free to shoot
him which would be which would be great
if I could get it to work and I probably
can't get it to pizza train you're right
my problem with this boss is that it
kills me that's that's honkies nothing
but honkies I was just gonna say I've
got a little bit of a plan here I agree
with that
xxx MLG 420 legit scope Pro I do wish
blood-borne was out for all system so
everyone could enjoy it yeah that would
be nice you know that would be nice and
I did I did cut that part of the review
only for comedy the the whether or not
it's a console seller I wish some of
that was left in this people thought I
was fully endorsing buying the ps4 just
to buy blood-borne I originally in the
discussion I have a lot more to say it's
a lot more of and but I mean basically
what it boils down to is it should be
and and I thought that was fair
especially just because it was a that
was that felt like the best place to end
it so we're actually rich why don't you
go through whether or not what Lorne is
a console seller if you're on the fence
about maybe buying a next-gen system and
you haven't yet blood-borne is a good
tipping point yes but what if you don't
if you're not really interested in it I
don't know that it's ever worth it to
spend you know what would probably end
up being $400 just to play one game yes
and I'd like to think my rationale for
cutting out a lot of that argument and
there was a lot of back and forth
between tonight yeah my rationale is I'd
like to believe that anyone is smart
enough to figure that out
yeah you don't buy a console for money I
saw some comments that were on me for
that really yep and I then I do
apologize that's because rich did have a
much more nuanced point
that I that I cut for time not for time
for comedy
and I cut for cotton which is the real
comedy is the important how it is the
important thing
like ending it like I knew you say it
should be and I give a funny like that
that seemed like a funny place to end it
gotta figure this out
hopefully hopefully it will get the dark
souls treatment and you guys will will
get a PC port I think that would be
great I think a PC port will be great
because then you can have modders in
there fixing the little glitches that
people seem to have a problem with that
would be nice it would be nice and you
know according to the person at my local
gamestop blood-borne has been a console
seller bTW yeah was it more he sent
something when you went in to buy it
that that implied as much yeah when I
when I went in there to get another ps4
he made mention that and me personally I
think oh he's a good man this is
probably the same guy who left grand
theft auto 5 in my playstation 4 and
like my feelings is not only is
blood-borne a tipping point I think
there's plenty of good games while also
on PC are are are on ps4 that I think
the system is worth it you know like
there are plenty of games you know like
spelunky and binding of issac and this
game and rayman legends it's like oh
listen what I think I'm not I don't I
don't know okay
they are all on PC but also on the ps4
where
there's enough the ps4 has enough game
to be worth it
I don't be I don't know that I would
count your things like your spelunk ease
and your FTL's I mean anything that you
could play on it you know pretty well
whatever those those kind of games
you're just playing any kind of cheap PC
yeah I don't I don't think that could
ever count as a ps4 seller may I
discount stuff like that the question is
well and you discount that like me with
my a thousand hours of binding of issac
disagree with you the the question is
are there enough games were you on the a
system where you will get a use out of
it right it's a moot point though if I
already own a system where I can play
those games you know not an offense then
it's a moot point
for me sure for you blood-borne is the
only way I have it I'm glad because we
happen to do anything so but right right
now it's the only thing on a next-gen
console that I feel is worth owning a
next-gen consoles before yeah yeah you
know a little bit that would that would
change when the new Batman came out if
if that weren't going to be on the PC
but it is so yeah oh and by the way I
totally agree if you already own a
gaming PC there's there's literally no
excuse to get a ps4 right now my ps4
it's a blood-borne machine right it's
it's the deck that dedicated blood-borne
option right right but let's say you
don't have a gaming PC and you're
thinking about getting a consult
I know I got this I can get I can get
this can get us yeah comes at you shoot
it then you can dodge and get your arrow
back and shoot him and kill Jack when
the battle starts and he is charging
that big arrow don't hide behind the
pillar stand in front of him and when
the big air comes at you shoot it I want
to see I tried that already I will give
that another try I will give that
another try
would you say you're having fun yeah oh
yeah I'm enjoying this game you know I'm
getting a little frustrated by this
blood scream start and son were
frustrating than anything else
you know that's how these games work
sometimes that's how these games work
sometimes I'm just trying to figure it
out and I've gotten close to this boss
too which is the extra frustrating part
you know oh yeah where it's like I've
seen it what burnt Beast all over again
yeah the the blood surveys exactly let's
start these you get him down that sliver
of Health in it's like I've seen this
guy in his skeleton form and I'm just
haven't been fast enough fast enough
together I know because I was trying to
listen to the chat the chat said shoot
the arrow right when it shoots me and I
tried that and it didn't work so now I'm
going back to my strategy of hiding
Jack shoot him
yes that's exactly that's exactly what
Stan
I'm gonna get this it's gonna be right
hey everything's in the right fight the
boss face on when he shoots the arrow
with your air will reflect straight back
then you'll fire him quickly no but I
I tried that and it didn't work if you
would like if you would like me to do
that again if the joke is let's make
Jack die a bunch then are you dying a
bunch as it is oh yeah
have you given the other way how many
chances I missed it try try try couple
more might be something to it
might be something to it to it my name
is like baby maybe this is like the
blood-borne repost or you just you need
you need to get the knack and I needed
to get the neck way yeah yeah yeah no
and you're right alright
all right you know what you're right
anyway all right okay I'm gonna go over
here because this gives me the most room
okay I tried again and you're sure it
didn't work
I think the arrow needs to bounce off
something first
that's what I think
you know I think I think I think the
error needs to bounce off of something
of hers I don't think I can hit it
head-on and I think I did hit it head-on
just there and it didn't work
your guess is as good as mine as I have
literally zero experience playing this
game right right I'm going to go back to
my dodging
oh and my dodging is stupid
good I did it I just needed to be a
little faster and I was faster and
everything's great now so you you beat
you beat then I beat man and
everything's great
everything's great
yeah yeah yeah boo yeah that feels
pretty good it feels pretty good cuz I
did it now I can't do the Ric Flair I
can't do the Ric Flair thing yes your oh
that's right they need to pray
slaughtered oh great great
what time is it 11:00 yeah I can stay up
a little bit later I think I can stay up
a little bit later oh you know what's
gonna keep me up I know it's gonna keep
me up I'll be right back
rich yeah Phil time oh god damn it
uh hello how are you doing are y'all mad
at me about the kingpin no even though I
still like there don't I know you're all
mad at me it's not being mad at me it's
fun
what Oh God
see I'm playing blood-borne now and
right now I can't talk cuz I'm fighting
a a group of monsters in a chalice
dungeon horde trying to murder me that's
counterproductive to talking with people
and that was a whole lot of people in
this fucking room and I'm dead and I'm
dead I'm gonna blame Jack cuz I had to
full-time and I'm gonna blame Jack Jack
now I gotta find my way back to this
room with an absurd number of enemies
and somehow get my echoes back Apple
side thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it apples side apple
side mmm like suicide by Apple's maybe
like apple cider
maybe apple cider or or killing an apple
or killing with an apple I think that's
it showing an apple
so how did you three outs right I I
talked about blood one how I was
fighting monsters and blood-borne which
which area are you in now I'm in
dumpster and chalice dungeons oh that's
right that's right that's right so the
thing I got to keep to keep my to keep
my wits about me there's that there's
that beer I like I've talked about a lot
called its ballast point sculpin it's
like a grapefruit juice infused beer
it's very very good it's an IPA very
high alcohol content really beautiful
but they make a habanero beer it is a
beer as an IPA made with with peppers
with hot peppers and it tastes like it
and it's great
Oh Lord Belmont no I don't I don't I do
not have OCD I'm wondering because I've
suffered horribly from others in the
past 14 years and it sucks so much joy
of life no no I know you made that OCD
joke earlier and a lot of people just
say OCD kind of really nearly not
understanding that it's a very real
disease and just liking things to be
organized is not the same as having OCD
and you know so I take no offense to it
to you making an OCD joke apparently you
have it that time I have other things
but but not OCD don't don't you worry
anywhere about don't you worry about it
oh I think I've reached a fire dungeon
thing so it's a habanero beer and it
tastes like jalapenos it tastes like
habaneros it is actually spicy it is a
spicy spicy beer and I kind of loved it
and I kind of hate it okay I'm gonna say
where it's like you take you take a sip
of it and it is hot and the nice part
about that is it makes you drink it slow
and the bad part about that is it makes
you drink it slow I'm nope I am no beer
expert as everybody knows it's it's
crazy
oh no worries Lord at Belmont we you
know there's there similar things like
I've talked about the past before my my
dyslexia and that's another thing where
you know people just kind of say
dyslexic offhandedly and you know it's
nothing I take offense to it's it's
obviously it's a big issue for me but
you know that's it's if that's what
people want to say it's gonna be fine
so hopefully people understand if I'm
and I'm sure I've said that's so OCD
before you know stuff like that we all
have our things
I have no sensitive diseases medicine so
fuck all you guys
Leslie unless they classify being a nerd
as a mental disorder I'm in the clear I
mean may my maybe they should maybe
where the fuck am I now I'm gonna I was
in a fire I was in a fire pit now I'm in
a snow pit not a snow pit
just gonna walk it around everybody
crocodile brain
everyone says dyslexia offhandedly
that's you know oh sorry just being a
little dyslexic when you speak
incorrectly that's just a thing people
say and that's fine oh my god oh my god
that man killed me so fast got my own
I've got my fright oh oh we're all back
that okay
the game seems unfinished without
enemies on the map I mean yeah no yeah I
think I feel the same way
why do you need him it's a lot of real
estate for nothing it's you know it is
what it is
give me someone to talk to him fuck's
sake
yeah you got to find him be it uses you
know that that sounded a risk of rain
when when the when you get to the next
difficulty level that that chime I want
to say this uses the exact same time
we'll do a side-by-side comparison later
I'm sure
it's completely different
oh my god that killed me so fast oh my
see that's a that's what I'm feeling
mister glitch is like were the net were
the many or were the non bosses in Zelda
ever worth fighting or were they more of
an annoyance you know which which non
bosses know they may think if there were
nothing but bosses and Zelda Oh that'd
be terrible
oh jesus H Christ yeah I'm gonna go on
record or saying that would that would
just be awesome you know I think in the
dungeon you need those enemies but in
the overworld its its bounce like it
like for example in blood-borne right
like all of the enemies are wonderful
while you're exploring right like it it
adds it adds real tension while you're
exploring each level but after you found
the boss monster and you just want to
make your way through all those enemies
equally become annoying and because you
just want to get to the boss right yeah
and some this game just cuts that out
just cuts out the exploration I was
solution the solution is to not die on
the boss yes and Isis I will say that
with this game getting exploring in this
game is no fun because you're just one
here because there's nothing to do yeah
and nothing to discover yeah you're
literally just walking away
it just seems depressing okay that's the
maybe that's the point well the world
was large and empty and you will die
alone that's what that tells me but
maybe that's what this game is about I
don't know
yes the great I like that this is the
I'm fighting the great molten testicle
that's exactly what I'm doing
yeah share to the classes you know
didn't have any the shadow of the
classes didn't have any like small
enemies it only had bosses right but I
think so but it would but bosses don't
seem so fun in this though is the
problem
well the bosses are fun yeah it's it's
figuring him out and unfortunately this
boss seems to kill me so fast that I
can't figure about haha if you're if
you're gonna give me a game that's
nothing but boss battles they'd better
be some fun spectacular boss battles
that's the real thing like the boss
battles in shadow the classes were an
event you know yes boss battle I get to
climb all over the boss he had to find
its weak point that it took a while here
it's it's less of an event than just
figuring out the trick and so you know
it's just later
it's different
nope didn't get you you got me the
all-seeing eye of testiclees I like that
I like that testiclees yeah I'd pay 124
for this yeah that'd be you know I'm
sticking with my 10 by 15 like I'm
having a good time and it's like as we
talked about last time this is a
business expense so it's a tax write-off
what if it weren't of tax write-off as a
viewer I'm going like sub 5 sub 5 really
yeah I think as a live open space bosses
that aren't terribly interesting because
I can play it both on the big TV and on
my Vita that means yeah okay that's good
means nothing for me for me I'm sticking
with my with my original assessment at
10 I would have been really happy with
10 15
not a little bit again Oh steams me five
cents one steam sales 75 cents
sit up like even for 15 for this time
and it's like knowing that I can like
save it here on my ps4 and then like
pick up the same game on my Vita later
I'm I'm gonna be okay with 15 I'm not
super psyched for 15 I would have been
super psyched at 10 but I'm gonna be
okay at 15 is what I'm saying
that's what I'm saying
the hard part is that I seem to be
moving forward but I don't think I'd
beat any of the earlier bosses really so
it's like am I gonna have to go back oh
my god this guy's awesome I'm fighting
an awesome boss very happy about this
boss he looks awesome yeah well you'll
see in a second that boss looked really
great
I was really happy with how he looked no
it's not sad it's not sad when when like
$15 makes or break someone I think this
is something that's constantly in
question is like the worth of a game you
know and I think it's an important
question
so are you coming up with like some are
you finding a strategy to beat the boss
you're just getting lucky me yeah
oh uh no I'm finding this right defining
okay I'm finding the strategy like for
example with with the Knights I knew you
know I figured out that you had to shoot
the arrow once and then you just had to
be quick as hell to shoot him in the
body and eventually I just was I was
quicker with yet with the I boss it was
just dodging all of his rolling until
his I was right in the right position
and just waiting waiting them out until
I was in the right position
to get up at this boss I'm I'm trying a
similar maneuver I didn't earlier where
I shot the arrow and called it back to
me because he is a weak spot on me and
on the other side of his body and I
can't seem to get around okay okay so I
am using strategy obviously it's a
little locked because we've got to be
quick
because some of its a little work but I
actually am using strategic I am
figuring out the puzzle that's that's
all all these bosses are as puzzles you
know like you need to do X to make Y
happen to defeat the whole boss
so just gotta figure it out I don't
think my tactic of trying to get I'm
trying to call my arrow back is working
with his family it doesn't seem to me at
least maybe you just need to get lucky
maybe I need to get like here maybe I
just need to get good you know that's
what we talked about earlier you know am
I am i doing it wrong or am I just not
doing it well
can it be both
give agreed leftover beefcake there
needs to be some more button prompts in
this game then I would know then I would
know when to shoot the arrow oh and
you're right where's Phoenix when we
need them that this game now officially
has spikes in it as this enemy has
spikes so what is Phoenix's deal with
some ice what is the fascination does he
Evelyn spike collection at home we have
a whole room filled with rare and exotic
spikes I think I think that she's
ancient Egyptian spikes Mesopotamian
spikes all kinds of spikes Viking spikes
probably a lot of fighting spikes
yes I
no I just think I think in the early
days I mean that was a again another of
the early games we streamed was that
1001 spikes yeah yeah and then we were
playing other games of spikes in it
that's the running game I get that's the
gang that's the gang grid you gotta go
with the gag and now it's a running joke
sometimes sometimes when gags get old
they you know they after that fall you
have to go away to live on the gag farm
the special gag farm special gag from
where we're gonna be save him they'll be
happy though they'll play with all the
other gags and and and there's there's a
farmer there and he he tells the same
jokes every day so the gags are really
happy
what okay that did not work my my plan
to call the arrow back in order to hit
him did not work sorry it's okay what's
what's your new plan I get good I mean
we can try that plan again tried that
plan a lot it hasn't worked
nope it has not worked in my new plane
is I'm just gonna try to furiously get
on the other side of him oh my god I
thought you said you're going to say
furiously master but if they're
furiously my new plan is to furiously
masturbating stream now nothing nothing
that's right rich have you seen that
have you seen the the the the picture of
cartoon mr. Plunkett and the melted
Darth Vader mask that kind of looks like
cartoon mr. blanket no no people are
saying and I kind of agree that the
melted Darth Vader mask looks a whole
bunch like cartoon mr. pointy
oh okay I see I see
here's my problem is that this wasn't
waiting well you know there's there's
there's there's nothing more encouraging
then then if the people who make the new
Star Wars movies are plague effects
right well we know they are that is that
is the most encouraging thing right here
hasn't dig avons talked about seeing the
conquerors Lindelof well but then you
know like their associates that's who it
was Linda lo oh right right the the
point is there is a possibility and this
boss by the way so here's here's my
strategic if you if you dodge enough
this boss spins out of anger
okay yes so you have to wait until he
spins out of anger oh crap no no I got
you spinning
Oh see you have a strategic I have a
strategic I need to get him spinning and
then I can shoot but no language and I
tried pulling the arrow and it didn't
work I have to wait till he spins and
then I can just shoot him
I pulled the arrow and it seemed to hit
him directly in the back and it didn't
work try to hit him directly in the nuts
he doesn't have nuts he has it he has a
jewel on his back
that's his nuts so he's got two balls to
make first
really
it's what I got what I got I mean
it's fine it made no promises of quality
you know what that's true yeah that's
true
jokes are like spaghetti but the time
she's just gonna throw them on the wall
and you see what sticks okay you need to
stop throwing spaghetti on it is making
a horrible mess I've been meaning to
talk to you about your spaghetti
throwing ways
dammit dammit images
and had him spinning just had to run
away it's just part of life
know when to hold em know when to fold
them what a gambler you sitting sluicing
yes that does happen yes this is what's
happening
Matt now what happened like like 30
seconds to go cool it's great
congratulations
walk away know when to run it's their
hands a winner hands losin you don't
like the gambler know what is what is
wrong with you
it's not that I don't care for it I
don't what's what that song is brilliant
I don't even like country thank you I'm
just not it's not my thing
I know rich it's just nothing
just not my thing and that's okay
doesn't need to be like
dammit he's spinning anime
gimme game here
spin-spin-spin
it's been Newhart and son of a bitch
bitch
just wasn't fast enough I got him
spinning in a shadow it's okay that was
me
Ben Ben
in
I'm sure there's something that like
makes him spin I don't necessarily know
that it
damn it I missed again I had two shots I
hmm
gack rich gang Klingon oh right right
I uh I made some really good progress on
spacecraft today for those who don't
know I've been helping Jay with some
screen replacement and some wire removal
and space cut just yeah helping out
where I can I was having a really hard
time with some certain wire removal and
that rich might know about having to do
with a freely honest moving with her
early on in the movie yeah
damn man I was having some difficulty of
removing those damn wires and I finally
figured it out big ups to MOCA for
helping me on
that's what I was doing today was a wire
removal and screen replacement are you
gonna do one jsut leave them in for
comedy purposes if you better know I've
been talking about it
better guy than not I would I would kill
him
yeah I mean you know I would make it
look like literally kill him I would
make it look like an accident
toke therapy once
damn it but would one of them be fucker
would one of them be fucking one of
those words one of the words you said
there would be words with you AJ no yes
there could be people mostly because he
knows I've been yeah I've been doing
wire removal so if all of a sudden he
was like no keep the wires in there
funny
but you you know I've been doing work
and we've had conversations about how
the wire removal has been efficient
because it's big
nope
yes space cop exclusive there is wire
that's my official space cop removal
my official space cop exclusive there
are screen replacements and wire oak can
get you I can do this
nope I can't do this
Jay how is Jay's sanity holding up doing
special effects you know everyone is
gone
oh I was gonna give him a little credit
saying it was ever teetering on a
knife's edge but it might be gone you
know I can only imagine for whatever
movie Jay works on next there will be
exactly zero special-effects yeah
I have to imagine that myself we go you
know what it is tough it's tough and
it's time-consuming special effects are
time-consuming I want to beat this boss
now I just want to beat this boss
because I feel like I can you know yeah
that's that's the some sometimes you
feel like you can know and you really
can't and it's just the game tricking
you yeah if the game making you feel
empowered Jack how long do you have to
stand still to suck the arrow back you
you can only if you're if you are
shooting the arrow or sucking it back
you have to stand still like right now
I'm like pulling on the Arab ready to
fire and I can no longer move my move
button is my aiming and the same if I
shoot it and so then this thing if I'm
sucking it back I have to wait until it
gets to me before I can move that's the
balance
and I said I tried um I've tried sucking
it into his back before and that just
doesn't seem boom there we go I just
need to get the timing right fucking
nailed it
he's dead I win everything's great
how about dynamite boom goes the
dynamite roll because I'm victorious you
just subscribe and I appreciate
I'm all out of out of health files Jack
Oh No
yeah I think I'm fucked oh and you're
doing you're doing chalices yeah oh yeah
so there's no real there's no real good
way to farm yeah I found later on in the
game there is an amazing place to play
what now you you cut up for allegan
later on in the game I found the most
amazing place to farm for both blood
echoes and bloodstone chunks oh yeah
yeah it's amazing Longshanks did you get
long I did not your cheeks would you
like to get Longshanks one thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate it's true we do
it's very true we do three months in a
row
I appreciate that there's like a little
oh there's a little hidden okay I found
a little see here's the thing about this
art style rich you're gonna see this in
a second okay look at this boss I'm
gonna wait till you get there you're
gonna get there right now this boss is
freaking adorable it looks it looks like
a little molten head with like a jewel
pole look at that boss that's adorable
I'm sure I gotta hit that jewel sure I
got it's a girl maybe she spit out a
little thing maybe I have to hit that
it's so adorable now kill it
Oh
nope it's not the other thing okay okay
she spits out little molten fireballs
and then sucks them back in so I can
only assume I'm supposed to shoot the
arrow and she sucks them back in oh I
can only assume that's my strategy for
those asking about my wicked strats oh
oh oh and the things that she spits out
these like nom non-fire chunks and they
explode and when I pull my arrow back I
actually pull her and so I believe my
strategy is to pull her onto that little
chunk that explodes it's gonna be great
I figured out the wicked strats all
right
let's go you you do that thing I did
thanks it moral support deck that's all
I got
thanks rich all I can do all right yeah
yay I also like by the way someone I saw
in the chat someone is saying like these
are all like adorable enemies that are
minding their own business until I go up
to them and shoot them with a now you're
right yeah like like Shadow of the
Colossus yes I'm the bad guy and I'm you
know I'm just gonna be I'm gonna be okay
with that there there might be an
influence there I mean I'm sure
and bit more habanero beer oh it's so
spicy it's really great with pizza
especially like if your pizza doesn't
have any spicy toppings and take a sip
of beer and your tongue is kind of
coated with the spice and then you know
I have the pizza if you like spicy
things of course you know I hate spicy
books y'all do I happen to really enjoy
space
I have no tolerance at all
MC Lucas wants to know what the
character's motivation in the game is
that's a that's an important question
actually you know what Jack that's
actually something I am legitimately
curious Bob
what does that's not know I did
literally literally none like if you
thought there was no story I'm like
little story in blood-borne this has
nothing okay you just start the game and
start fighting monsters there is no text
block there's no like hint at story
there's no nothing
you nice to have something it would be
angry and by the way I agree with
give me give me the vaguest sense of
what
ultimate ps1 game that's a good question
Mega Man Legends those most
underappreciated game on the system
uh yeah I never played that I you know I
I probably played like the most
memorable for me was was Metal Gear
Solid that's probably just what I played
in Louis - yeah not I mean that's a
that's a good answer that's just what
I'm
now I need to find some more helpers
where did you go to where you go to farm
help you know I actually go just to the
oh come on
I go to central yharnam
yep just that first level of like just
run through you know ochres drop a bunch
you said there was a spot you go near
the end of the game I'm just curious
pebbles oh oh not for help files for for
it out for blood echoes and 400 oh yeah
we're okay that's that's later and and
yeah I won't i won't let you but if you
want to farm help files just that first
level you know yeah all those guys drop
health files and all the ogres drop a
ton of files that's all I do is just run
run through that first who you subbed
huh Oh
Oh creep mobile thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and thank you for reminding us when we
miss the subscriber it helps I farm I
don't even want to tell you what it's
called because alright alright because
it's a fun discovery what if I don't
discover then we'll talk about it later
I never will because I didn't nobody
told me about it never would have
thought I never would have thought to
avoid there no yeah I think you have to
find
Oh Oh
but but yet you haven't found the
lecture hall the lecture hall yeah whose
what's the where's that it's it's the
thing you find giant hand grabs you and
takes you though a giant hand yeah the
lecture hall
no I don't think I've been to the
lecture hall all right but I we know
what when the giant are you talking
about the giant invisible hands yeah
that become visible yeah yeah one of
those guys directs you offer I mean I've
been caught but you know what I've never
been killed by being a specific one
drags you there if you have a specific
item in your inventory oh okay then then
definitely no I have not been there okay
because I haven't been dragged anywhere
by the giant of his plants and they're
visible now so maybe I can't go do you
remember the the stream I was doing were
in the forbidden woods that guy told me
to go back miss something
yeah I had to talk to that guy at the
window yeah he gave me the item I have
it then you go into the church she's
talking about and the monster that's in
Merrillville
if you have that item in your inventory
will take you to this whole other area
and what I'm going to assume that is an
optional boss I I don't know apparently
you know is that the mic I use I get it
you got it you got it you're gonna hold
different shells from that boss is that
is that the monster that's hanging right
outside the cathedral ward I'm not that
specific one it's the one in the room
where you wake up in a few
right after you beat those despite the
giant robbing the spider the vacuous
spider
oh there's one there yeah well you see
them cuz you wake up in the room right
after you beat that boss oh you know
what something really weird happened to
me went around the spider yeah so I beat
Rahm the spider yeah while
simultaneously being killed by round the
spider really yes and so after I beat
him you know I had to I got
i respawned at my lantern and went back
and there was just a lady there yeah
yeah well you wake up in a you know like
I look a pan or something an offering
pan after that does that cutscene yes oh
oh that one yeah that's the one that'll
take me to where I need to go okay okay
I know where he is I can get down oh god
is it is it 420 you guys what can I can
I tell you how and everyone here knows
my past with drugs yeah I have just
never ever cared for 4/20
I don't get it I don't understand it
what what just brought all this up in
the first place
so is that I just saw someone today is
4/20 uh or in um in you know 18 minutes
it's 4/20 yeah and it's like on 4/20 all
my friends would be like let's let's get
high and you know it'll be great we'll
just do that it's like that's what we do
no matter what why is today any
different why don't we just hang out you
know it seems like the best time to get
caught doing it cuz they're gonna be
able to look out no it's just you you
laugh that's an accurate statement what
it what it is is it's just some people
are looking for an excuse to do these
things and you know like I'm I I'm
raised Irish Catholic and it's the same
thing with st. Patrick's Day for me
where it's like everyone's like it's a
bad tricks day let's get wasted it's
like why not just do that whenever you
want to because you're an adult you know
you don't need a special day to do that
you could just say like it's Saturday
let's do that you know
so it's like it's it's good for you like
really like if that's what you're doing
today or in in 15 minutes like that's
great
alright saying is that you're an enemy
of fun I'm an I am an enemy of fun 100%
100% enemy it's just it's just one of
those things where don't you don't need
to make it into a thing you could just
say hey look why don't we just hang out
and have fun
it's but and also as an enemy of fun
like drinking games I've never been a
fan of drinking games you know or it's
like okay so here's the game it's like
if you we have a deck of cards and if
you if you flip over a king you have to
do this many shots and if you do this
you have this many shots and that's the
game right this is what people do rich
yeah and it's like why we can just drink
it doesn't have to be like a complicated
thing
I've never understood people's need to
like have an activity to go along with
drinking or getting high that can be the
activity Michaelis I'm assuming it's
just something to something to make it a
little bit more interesting I don't I
don't know sure I mean that's that's
mostly just me like I've never been a
fan of like like uh what am I thinking
oh you know this goes along with my
hatred of like apples and apples oh yeah
I hate that one's worth well it's like
social games like that where it's like
listen either we're playing a game or
we're being social we there's no there's
no room in my world for both if we're
gonna play a game let's play game that's
that's an actual game right right or if
we're just gonna like if we're gonna
like tell stories about each other and
like sit and bullshit let's just do that
we don't need cards to do that I'm with
you on apples to apples okay I got I got
your back there okay and I feel the same
way about cards against humanity'
because that's just like dirty yeah it's
dirty Apple yeah it's you know
it's it's let's say weird things around
yeah I I'm sorry everyone I made you I
do that I do that all the time anyway I
don't need a game that's my that's
exactly my problem with with cards
against humanity' where it's like why
not just hang her out and say awful
things that's more fun
you don't need cards we have a prereq
drinking game every time jack says it's
fine we take a drink well you know what
it's fine just keep you know what let's
see how many people we can kill with
alcohol poisoning just keep saying it's
fine everything's fine all the time
Thanks it's fine it's fine that's fine
it's fine it's fine it's fine
oh it's fine it's fine I can do this for
hours that's fine it's fine it's fine
it's fine it's it's fine rich rich but
really it's fine you don't need to you
don't need to keep saying it's fine
because it's fine what what don't I have
to keep saying it's fine you know what
well and here's the reason you don't
have to keep saying it's fine it's
because it's fine
I think I think that oughta do it
hopefully you're in a real happy place
right now don't think you will be in
about 20 minutes
ah okay so I figured out figured out
what to do with this boss she's a little
tougher tough a little
tie-dye
I think this is gonna be this is gonna
be the last boss for me tonight okay but
it's pattern how many bosses are there
at least a decent number I think there's
20 that's not bad and so far I've only
defeated like maybe eight if even that
no and you know like there's 20 bosses
and they've done they've done the be
normal like you know right now I'm in
molten world and I have a swirl so
there's nothing to do with any of this
world so just seems extra silly
I guess I do think the world is in favor
waistline it is I mean I agree with you
the world is very slight
damnit oh she's tough so I need to she
spits out she spits out fireballs and
then she spits out like a like a boulder
right yeah and the boulder is lower to
the boulder I need to I need to glue her
to the boulder and then her fireballs
explode the boulder and then I need to
get my arrow back in time to shoot her
jewel right okay I just can't no I'm not
fast enough gotta be faster
I gotta get good you could always call
it link I mean I could I still feel bad
about that I still feel bad about
calling it before I beat the blood
starve beast oh yeah yeah cuz I did I
called it now it was too much for me and
it's like God in that particular monster
just just fucked me up so much blood
start feast yeah yeah yeah Oh
that thing had my number and it will not
will not get off her jewel yeah so she
has like a little piece of like like a
crystal in her head jewel
she would hurt you all then I say that
funny instead of just food you said it
exactly the way it was it's her jewel
she's got like a little jewel in her
head
nope nothing
oh it's over here okay damn it
you're so convinced it's a she yeah boy
boys aren't allowed to have pig crystals
stuck in their head first of all it's
purple oh I'm sorry it's violet okay
yeah I wish I knew my colors as good as
Jack yeah yeah she has feminine
qualities about her so I'm going to call
her a female globulus fire she's a
female fighter droplet but like miles or
even seeing a globulus fire thing before
Jack no no I know you don't know
anything about them maybe it's a morph
night like a home or for datin Hamoui
died thank you for subscribing it
changes shape it's a home orphan type
but an actuality Cade Cartwright thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate know you know like she has
eyeliner she has what appears to be
lipstick there are human feminine
qualities about this globulus fireball
that uh that I so I'm going to call her
a her she might not be her but that's
what I will label her as
also I like referring to her as a
globulus fireball
boom
ah you're right rich is a true romantic
it absolutely could be a guy or it could
be just a sexless by lifetime by the way
I'd like y'all to come out and see my
new band sexless ball of fire
I would I would 100% go see a band
called sexless ball of fire all right I
just want to let everyone know that
okay you know what I beat her that's a
win work I feel I did I felt good about
that
I used my strat T jury and it works as
you should always use your strategic
Ridge okay okay so that's it thank you
all for coming out to this stream we
will be streaming Wednesday what we're
doing dead rising right yeah unless
everybody calls in except for me I don't
know yeah fuck if I'm streaming alone
I'll do something up no I well I'm
coming in I'm gonna come in okay
definitely one person you know what I
put it on the calendar so it's gonna
happen so what's a done deal I mean then
that probably means there's something
I'll come up and I might not be sealed
signed and they'll deliver as of right
now I am coming in to just ring so Dead
Rising Wednesday thank you everyone for
coming out thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone else
who watched me play another pixel-art
indie game because i know you guys love
it so much someone does
