Episode 261
Dead Rising aka Farting Around (Part 3)
May 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31mrNgmPHhk
___________________________________________

they're asking if you have seen
daredevil no a nothing there
we're gonna talk about their devil it's
gonna be well let me ask you this
without spoilers should i watch good you
really should you I heard it it's it's
been picked up they're gonna do a second
season new show runners and new cop
Street close to the target they need a
champion the cops came as well I heard
we costume you start swearing at the
very end oh no I think the general
reaction to the costume you don't see
much of the daredevil cast it's ugly as
fuck
and and I think general consensus for
everyone who's watched it is change the
fuckin costume oh yeah 99.9% of the
first season he's basically wearing
black pants a black sweatshirt and it
looks great yeah oh but when he puts on
like the real yeah it looks lame oh my
god it's so lame that it hurts
oh yeah but you never never ever see it
so it's not a oh I have a gun now I
don't want a gun but I do think
adventure oh you can't fight this guy or
you can just if you really don't drink
my juice if you die him though I think
they all gonna make well the you kill
this guy I think they open a door to the
other section of the mall oh great is
Bret no Bradley is my friend yeah dude
do I got a chainsaw
I can kill up where he's up on the Onyx
okay final look boxes here and get up on
there you might be able to fight him
directly oh one swipe kill great yep um
yeah that is I'm going to do my best not
to oversell it
he's one swipe kill I had a chainsaw
holy fuck
I knew chainsaw well it won't be the
next series i watch cuz I signed up for
HBO now oh yeah the month free
trial mm-hmm so I gotta watch true
detective I mean the next thing I watch
I haven't started it yet though sure
sure
now get around to it no get around to
watch secta VIN the Scientology
documentary oh yeah guys we are now 99
oh we did it we did it we cracked a
hundred crack how many people are
watching right now Frank West is it just
a slow time on Twitch it is was it 512
you've had way more than that no we
probably slow night we've probably been
higher up on the ranks too
I mean now I guess no one ever pointed
it out before the way twitch if you look
at the top streamers it's like the top
two are in the hundreds of thousands and
then everybody else and then it's like
it usually tapers off from really
quickly it like but like the top ones
are huge you know usually there's a big
game tournament happening so the point 0
0 1 percenters yes yes very much so your
your touchpad I have no idea how to
navigate this thing properly
I'll just get lost I know I'm curious
no I'm carry somebody probably go up
like twice as much if I left that guy
looks like Doakes from Dexter remember
Dexter
people all right I do remember Dexter by
the way okay top live channels that's
where we see all have channels you win
Frank
so 22,000 is the top twenty thousand
sixteen thousand thirteen thousand eight
thousand seven thousand five thousand
three thousand two thousand I actually
this is a fair number of them in the
thousand this is a pretty decent taper
it's great where are we where are we
keep going down keep going down three
thousand other people keep going down
sure gonna keep going down
Mega Man X to speed on his beating us
right now furtive but you know what
that's a long now for a long oh my god
I'm gonna take a look at what's beating
us right now you're gonna watch another
twitch stream on the twitch stream hey
where are we oh here is Dead Rising
okay so we're being beaten by a lull and
espagnole brawn say it didn't yet rich
is playing now by the way while I
are we talking about there though you
ever seen daredevil we're waiting for
the end of the stream for dude that was
Charlie we're talking about the catcher
talking about the castle Oh God that new
costume sucks they need another cast
oh the showrunners oh yeah the changing
charters the showrunners though were
involved with the first season will they
do were the showrunners of the first
season no but they have new show runners
for this next day yeah that's what I
mean the second season is completely new
show runners but those show runners were
involved in the first season oh okay
and they were also involved in in
earlier productions like into those not
into the ones close the oh my god cabin
in the woods Kevin they're like Drew
Goddard and blue Goddard is a producer
on the first season oh okay
Joshua yes they're all dress weevils
they're all desperate is the moral of
the story and so that's good these are
good things good things are happening
and hopefully they listen to the fans
and get a new suit got it so well they
are getting a suit that's right right
good fucking help and the suit is not a
spoiler because you see it on the
Netflix thumbnail okay look at it even
though it does not come up almost at all
in the series but Jesus Christ is it
ugly
I cannot stay and I'm a fanboy are there
any known actors on the show Oh rosario
Dawson oh she's on it rosario Dawson
officer and she's good was great and and
Vincent di Freneau okay D'Onofrio okay I
always say it didn't offer you
Donofrio yeah I think it's D on off real
bad with names suppose the guy was
private pyle in Full Metal Jacket
that's enough you know okay yeah he
doesn't quite look the same anymore but
that's him the daredevil is kind of a
no-name actor he was he was in like an
episode of Downton Abbey in this very
good foggy his law partner
you might remember as a bash brother
from the Mighty Ducks Oh God
who was also did you see Catching Fire
the latest Hunger Games no a small part
in that did you ever see max
Landis's The Death of Superman YouTube
video I did
okay like if he I wouldn't recognize any
minute oh yeah also yeah he played a
part he played a goofy part in it I
probably recognize the most from the
mighty dogs yes but it would only be
after seeing Eddie by the way if anyone
has not seen max landis is the death of
super explanation of the death of the
Superman is super great super fun web
video expert talking about the how
Superman died in the comic books really
funny with Elijah Wood with the dress
with the dress and umbrella
yes Vincent D'Onofrio is the main
villain in men in black also in yep that
is true like fuck he's also the man and
sinister that explains to even Hawk that
he has a big ol problem
you gotta brought me to know your house
has been invaded by a ghoul he was also
the first he was also on early episodes
of CSI your Law & Order criminal intent
one of those shows and he was great knit
I really enjoy him I enjoy him in
general I don't know if anyone else that
I know is oh my god what's in there an
axe a battle axe fucky-fucky that's
great that's great oh that's right
Vincennes Indiana Frio is also Thor in
adventures and baby sis that's true
really that's great that's back when he
was like your shoes I know we need oh
those are nice yep we need we need
prettier there's like the pee-wee Herman
shoes uh-huh that's right they can't he
puts on when he does tequila
that's better
good Dada Dada Dada Dada da Dada Dada
that's a good movie that pee-wee's big
adventure good can you put on those
shoes those are nice boots that would go
out with her wear the dress or is that a
dress that you can wear come on don't
fight with hangers there might be an
abortion joke in there somewhere but I
can't think of it just changed Oh
Megha do your little dance Oh perfect
knees grunting this is awkward that's
weird
I just think that's weird it's a little
oh he's doing it again like I get it
that they're being like perfect silly is
this is that what they're going for yeah
I think so it just comes across as
creepy Kenna people's guy that's a good
question I don't know I don't know if it
can be both oh it's a CD start I gotta
listen to some CDs bouncing better than
hezron that's probably earlier than
early 2000s right some soul asylum
[Laughter]
that's good stuff
it's good stuff
and the most recent episode of community
there is a they got a band to perform at
the school that was like a big late 90s
early 2000s band called natalie is
freezing and the front runner of the
band was played by Lisa Loeb and so
they're like oh you must be Natalie
she's like why would anyone in the band
be named Natalie we're artists yes there
were just assumed that the lead singer
was Natalie of course she's a good joke
yeah but he then he doesn't you do that
dance every time well put on a dress huh
collective soul that's another one ah
bands remember bands oh can you put on
football clothes that would probably
give you a defense buff oh I think that
makes sense
whichever's let out some air he's rich
purchased deflating okay that's pretty
cool can you ride the skateboard or you
just have to bash zombies oh you can you
can only ride this skateboard you can't
use it as a weapon
so I picked up I've been I've been
slowly and surely getting back into
comic books okay really enjoyed some of
the ones I picked up recently it sounds
like oh new comic books I'm super
excited and I know they're making the
movie and so I decided to pick up that
Captain Marvel I don't know anything
about Captain Marvel neither do i I know
miss I I know the former Miss Marvel
Carol Danvers she's basically she
basically lady Superman okay
strong can fly laser powers right but
they've they've kind of rejiggered her a
bit and now you know she's Captain
Marvel she started out as Miss Marvel
kind of a sidekick - Captain Marvel who
was a guy okay
but now she's Captain Marvel even though
she's later isn't i progressive oh my
god are you shooting a hockey puck
captain yep give unlimited pucks no you
know okay so I read the first trade
paperback the first four comics are kind
of it her new run I really didn't like
him yeah yeah it's space she she like
teams up with the guardians of the
galaxy
so it's space stuff and in comic books I
just don't care about space stuff yeah
yeah really yeah never did it was never
my thing
Jesus Christ why does your still wearing
a dress this would be really creepy it's
a devil mask nice nice rich
is there anyone cast for Captain Marvel
you know I think they got some writers
for it one of the guardians writers is
on it there's only two James Gunn or
whoever helped him write it I think I
think was mostly James Gunn I think
there was a lady helper and if there was
yeah yeah whatever her name is that lady
helper is one of the two that are
writing it okay the weirdest thing about
Captain Marvel is when she's in space
she can fly around in space and she
wears like a helmet thing okay
but the helmet thing it gives her a
mohawk well she has normal hair but then
she puts on the helmet thing and it
covers up most of her head except for
the top of it and her hair comes out in
a mohawk only when she's wearing the
helmet that's a little weird and it
looks ridiculous
it looks I think about a thousand space
I would want to wear a helmet but like
closes off my entire head yeah it
doesn't have a mohawk slant it doesn't
it has the Mohawks lat and it doesn't
cover her mouth oh so she can just
breathe in space apparently okay that's
fine she oh she got her superpowers
because she was infused with alien
superpower so she doesn't really need
the helmet at all other than for
aesthetic reasons right right and it and
it looks weird oh my god they just push
around the shop hey she was just pushing
around the shopping cart when she wasn't
hurt anyone
I'm not mohawk shaming I guess I maybe I
am because I'm mohawk shaming hashtag I
am I die we don't need them we don't
need Mohawks anymore
kind of books we got we got past that
phase yeah Mohawks we are no longer in
the 90s when moja went every superhero
had a mohawk
is that true I remember I don't think it
was a mohawk but I think it reminded me
of a mohawk was remember Savage Dragon
oh I love the dragon did he have a
mohawk pretty nice outfit yeah that was
a mark okay everybody had a mohawk not
spawn Google spawn with a mohawk and I
bet no I bet someone drew him at one
point with him ah : spawn with another
thing in the nineties Mohawk some comic
book characters
late 80s early night is everybody fuckin
had a mohawk I hated it I don't like the
way they look I'm a superhero's you hate
everything I didn't give it a chance
Mohawks on the thuggish and that's how
you know they're thugs
I'm the punks yeah oh yeah it came up
with storm when storm had a mohawk
of course he's never had a mohawk
late eighties early man I'm thick she
had a mohawk in the nineties uh you know
I don't know beige times people places
they'll elude me at all points in any
case it was kind of a boring story
there's a space story and she had a
mohawk and I was like yeah I'm not
interested
I didn't know much about her to begin
with and so like I came in fairly fresh
like she's an Avenger okay she's a new
Avenger rushers in space
well that's the thing as an Avenger they
the Avengers felt that they needed a
presence in space is that hot iron man
without space Iron Man's in space now is
that her man in space now I heard he was
on me I heard he was on the guardians of
the galaxy oh well that's where yeah
that's what Carol went that's where mr.
Captain Marvel mine she went she went to
join the Guardians so maybe Iron Man
once I do
wow I don't know nothing about nothing
everyone is an Avenger you're right that
is the thing every single person is an
Avenger right now what what's in the
microwave what's in the microwave what
did you put in the microwave oh that's
great can you put bombs in there bombs
okay yeah me and Captain Marvel me and
Carol we know each other we do we get it
now it's a golden pizza nice yes
mayonnaise was an Avenger at one point
Thank You mr. Caswell mr. Chad smile
just shared some information on the new
battlefront versus the old Star Wars
Battlefront - yeah yeah so the new one
does not have space battles only eight
maps while the original came with 33 is
not moddable has no campaign lone has no
galactic conquest mode has idea about
that Star Wars yeah that sounds fun
because I have to love everything ever
rich you're not giving it as chance it's
great it's great I can't wait to play
that game
it's got star wars and and and Star Wars
vilnis you know it says Star Wars the
only playable areas are from classic
Star Wars not prequel and I will say
this well that's that's commendable
mhm battlefront or battlefront one and
two you could play as like the drone
army and that was really fun yeah like
being those weird robots with the wheels
and shooting misses and stuff it's kind
of fun kind of fun I agree that sound
I better preorder don't you fucking dare
pre-order we don't pre-order and this is
why the Star Wars the new battlefront is
exactly why we don't pre-order anything
because it's Oh dick punch oh my god
what hold his guts out yes that's great
a dick punch gut pole rich is much
better at this game I say as he gets his
face bitten off so in reading the
Captain Marvel yeah
have you get any sense of like a
personality of the character like you
could see them casting and
you know she if they do a movie they're
going to do the Muslim Miss Marvel
version no no she's what's popular right
now no the captain Marvel's different
yeah captain no but I mean if they don't
movies there's gonna be any kind of
Captain Marvel it's gonna be no that's
Miss Marvel they're gonna make one of
those two people a character
yeah we're making a Captain Marvel man
they're making a Captain Marvel movie
yeah they have said that it is not miss
Martin Oh miss Marvel is a new character
the new Miss Marvel is the teenage
mother moon which I really enjoyed the
first train of that yeah she was really
fun for the first train damn it got
weird hmm but really good art style fun
story very spider-man ass you know
struggling with everyday things well
becoming a superhero okay I don't
understand why she's called Miss Marvel
what's confusing that there's a Miss
Marvel and a Captain Marvel yeah
especially because there was a Miss
Marvel before Miss Marvel turned into
Captain Marvel but there was a Captain
Marvel before but the old Captain Marvel
is gone now
what a mess it's pretty much am I don't
think these people know what they're
doing
you see this frying pan yeah
that's great that's really funny that's
what you know that's a really good
question
today her character yeah I read I read
the first four issues of her comic I'm
trying to remember what her and by the
way I read it last night
she's comic book character I'm trying to
get a sense of her character characters
that you know what I'd prefer my
characters with a character yes
what was she I love that it lets you
wear whatever outfit you're wearing
during the cutscene yes yeah I think
that's my favorite part of the game
because we did this cutscene and I was
in a dress and now you're in the devil
mask she she does not have a character
okay that's really upsetting to me I
guess not because I didn't enjoy it and
maybe that's part that's part of the
reason why I didn't enjoy it yeah you
want some personality in the characters
I'm complimenting cutscenes not for
being cutscenes people are just for I
guess I'm complements Oh is she princess
and she kind of is princess Amidala
where it's like they they talk a little
bit about like her being like restless
and that's part of the reason why she
just like fights crime and she wants she
like she wants to go in space but she
gets there right away so it's not a
really a big deal yeah oh that's too bad
she's blonde
[Laughter]
no like who are the hot actresses right
now hey I'd have to see what Captain
Marvel even looks like so to gauge like
considering trying to think of like
popular movies at the moment emily
Blunt's is being talked about with a lot
of extra movies after edge of tomorrow
oh yeah yeah she would be blunt it will
probably end up in one of these movies
at some point yeah she could be a good
Captain Marvel okay only because she
does action Stefan as a blonde lady I
guess well sometimes she's blonde she's
not blonde an engine isn't you know
that's the time cruise yeah she hasn't
been blonde and stuff I like that Emily
boy she was good in that I ride like
that that edge of tomorrow motorcycle or
motorcycle always fiction we're gonna
fight the Jeep yeah oh oh well you
didn't say your yeah yeah yeah
use me that
I suppose you need to get that gap
how nice of the game to give you this
like the hallway filled with zombies
after you oh yeah oh there's a whole
underground tunnel that's jam-packed
with zombies who need the car today
oh that's great
and then it gets a little tough driving
through water
oh you're right Dame Judi Dench would be
great if Depp tomorrow Helen Mirren
Helen man a telomere
Oh use your frying pan driving oh look
at the driver glitched through the
bottom pizza train riches playing now I
don't know how many minutes see as long
as we get back to them don't you want
that can't you take the Jeep down yeah
as there there hasn't been a female
Marvel movie yet right
I mean evl a black widow but she hasn't
had her own movie no there has not been
a female lead Marvel anything yet oh
we're not in your comic book thing
really is there
we're not caring about the story Channel
that's that's been through all the
window oh that was wrong at the window I
mean you know Supergirl
well I'm sure about the recent wave of
come yeah there is nothing let's think
about that I mean Wonder Woman's going
to be in Batman vs Superman along with
every single other right here here how
big of a role she's going to play it'll
probably be like a cameo yes and then
they'll give her a room she will show up
in one scene and then they will talk
about giving her her own movie and they
won't
can we talk about that Batman vs
Superman trailer sure it just looks so
depressing like later not a moment of
joy like a picture like Oh Batman and
Superman in the same like this has never
happened before
yeah you know and it's like Batman's
like I'm gonna beat the shit out of you
and like that's the trailer yep which by
the way he's totally justified in doing
because Superman killed a whole bunch of
people in his last movie yes it's true
Superman is a psychopath yes Superman
mindlessly murdered an entire city so
that means like I should stop him which
I guess makes no I you know and I love
the the subtleness of the the statute it
says false
got on it because the the god stuff in
the medicine your movie wasn't just
wasn't subtle enough ha ha ha well well
Jay why use visual metaphor when you can
just write down the thing isn't that
much easier for people through that's
true other people might use like like
you know what do I want to say the art
of film to tell do you think it's
actively they're showing they're showing
a statue they're showing words I think
that I think that's just telling with
reading so that doesn't that doesn't
count
oh you can just jump over those yes I
just stopped was like I guess I can't go
on that area that's yep oh my god is
this I gonna face the gun guy that's
brilliant right that is just brilliant
out that way I do think it's an
interesting idea like and and this is
based on a bad idea for Man of Steel
which is having Superman destroy the
entire city it would be lying like bad
idea
but that's happened so now we have like
oh people are scared of Superman yes
that makes sense in what they've set up
yeah what they've set up is bad I don't
know no I mean you absolutely have the
part of the fun of the Batman Superman
team-up is their different personalities
okay Superman is usually the Boy Scout
you know like all he wants to do is good
all the time Batman is the dark brooding
right now everybody's brooding and now I
mean we don't know a Batman this is a
new Batman I guess so
he he asked him if he could bleed and
then he said I'm going to make you bleed
I'm going out on a limb and saying he's
brewing and before he says I'm gonna
make you bleed all we see is Ben Affleck
Brown yes true so brooding
[Laughter]
that's your problem
it's definitely not gonna let stay gonna
hide behind it
well again still be there becoming
Oh rich Sophie Sophie's dead Sophie
chose poorly
Oh so yeah it's basically the trailer
confirmed what we all knew which is it's
going to be the movie we all thought it
was going to see I don't know if we can
I just don't know like after the last
movie there is so much destruction yeah
I can't top that are they knock that
maybe they're gonna try and scale it
back that's probably not the case but
blow-up gothic the Mogao so it's gonna
be it's gonna be a punch fest and if if
they're going the route of the the
normal Justice League get-together story
is which is what this kind of is right
right it's like a setup for Justice
League dawn of Justice oh yeah don't
abysus right so the normal story is an
alien is is kind of a what do they call
that when the Martians come what's that
what's the invasion it's an alien
invasion but very uh what's the the book
in the movie when the Martians gone
where in the world or the world
it's very War of the Worlds pot big pods
common it's unstoppable
alien force comes and no one superhero
can handle it okay and so my my guess is
the way they're going to play it is the
aliens come and Batman thinks that
Superman is part of the aliens and so
it's quite possible that we don't Lex
Luthor is right yeah like so if there's
in it yeah and so then Batman Superman
are gonna punch in the first part of the
movie and then work together okay that's
that's what it's probably going to be if
it's if it's dumb and schlocky and
everything
than everyone expects to happen Mars
Attacks I know it's no War of the Worlds
I don't remember things or names or
places or times or events hockey
so I'll just drink this milk that's been
sitting in this empty store I'm sure
that's and Batman in the robot suit
thing yeah with the robot voice well I
don't buy the voice but the suit thing
that's right out of the Frank Miller
miserable
there's no way Superman shouldn't just
rip apart whatever suit Batman is
wearing the the the Superman that
they've established Batman is not a
threat in any way Man of Steel Superman
right Batman
in a robot suit is not a threat right no
I don't ask to see how they'll get
around that no matter how strong a robot
so you have Superman will tear it apart
unless you say kryptonite infused robots
which I was thinking about that they
didn't even introduce kryptonite has
being a weakness and Man of Steel right
that wasn't in there anywhere was it I
don't remember it that right there's a
good quick I know I don't think it was
they might be getting rid of that
altogether because it's too silly it is
like that's basically like that's why
Superman is the worst superhero because
anyone can beat them at any time come up
and singing off of them just like a
Gucci nose without the straps in the
camera oh sure people are confirming
that there is no kryptonite in Man of
Steel okay I didn't I didn't remember it
yeah but then again I've tried to block
most of that movie from my brain
yep yeah it just it just doesn't matter
it's gonna be a mess it's gonna be so
much punching who's writing it is it the
same whoever wrote Man of Steel I think
David Goyer Oh Man of Steel sir no food
here anywhere
I am googling it right now
Danah Cletus keep some food behind your
collar oh my god five writer credits oh
that's always a good sign
Chris Terrio David Goyer okay Jerry
Siegel and Joe Shuster
so Terry oh and gore okay
so gory obviously movie Batman Begins
David Burns written some ok stuff but
Anna steel I don't know what happened
oh boy I rode demonic to leave the full
moon pictures back in the 90s like his
first thing oh my god he also wrote call
of duty black ops yeah video apparently
rights video games screenplay for
jumpers plays the TV series well no
that's probably characters by because I
think he wrote those movies oh okay well
maybe you wrote the series I don't know
cuz he didn't invent the characters
overcoming the character uh you know
what for one of the episodes he has he's
listed as creator and writer okay so so
man you know there was a blade TV show
writer who are go and Affleck coming in
I mean like look we got to make this
somewhat classy yeah bring him my Argo
guy bring in my Argo guy and that's all
really just one thing well he he wrote a
short called book of kings a movie
called the heights additional screenplay
material he is credited as then our
dough and then Batman versus Superman
dawn of Justice okay so yeah that's Ben
Affleck classing it up so maybe maybe
there's a hope maybe there's a hope I
don't know 8:8 hope he's single it's the
single oh the single hope I like the
look of the the Batsuit yeah I like it
yeah it's closer to the Frank Miller
Batsuit sure I don't know about the
robot I mean I mean I love it it's gonna
be great and it is great oh you can't
pray that I love everything melon you
know I haven't seen the movie yet I
can't say anything at all negative
that's true it's great it's just as
my I mean there's so many problems with
Man of Steel
one of the problems is is unmotivated
action sequences action sequences that
go on for so long you you stop caring
what they were about initially and just
editing scenes in any order yeah it
doesn't matter
yeah what kept him as a kid here then
he's an adult again there's no rhyme or
reason of know any of it no but you know
like I I like action movies so I can I
can forgive a lot of sloppy story if
there's good action but get me back my
chainsaw just punching is not good
action we need we need something we need
someplace endless destruction and yes
endless destruction uh when they first
start destroying Smallville like would
the lead-up to the the big and action
stuff is like oh my god you know they've
completely destroyed Smallville they
destroy the eye of Na VI huh
and I don't know how much of that is the
screenplay and how much of that was Zack
Snyder's influence I blame Zack
marijuana because I listened to some of
the commentary for Watchmen okay and
every creative decision he had was he
did it because he thought it looked cool
yeah like he says that multiple times
yeah I had to stop listening to the
commentary is like Jesus Christ because
I kind of like Watchmen uh-huh
but it's when you realize that the guy
at the helm doesn't care about anything
but it looking cool yeah he and the the
real problem with that the the super
problem with that is that everything
that really really looks cool
is a direct rip from the comic book
Jerry and so it wasn't even an original
cool he just went to his cinematographer
and he said make that this see this
thing that another person drew can you
put that through the video I've still
never seen 300 he basically did that
with 300 yes every striking visual from
the movie 300 besides of course the
time-warped slow-motion actions oh sure
which of course is now famous but she
seems to have gotten away with fraud I
don't think that happens a man steal
yeah no it wasn't watchman it happens in
300 no time warp
but yes every every striking visual is a
direct pull from the comic book and so
he doesn't even have that is my problem
yeah
who has more craft Michael Bay or Zack
Snyder
Oh ma'am babe I'm gonna say the baby I'm
tempted to say Michael babe
because at one point they made while
schlock understandable schlock yeah not
so much anymore but that's I think
that's more the fault of the design of
the Transformers yeah it's just like
chaos and you can't tell who's fighting
who but if you look at his own like the
rock and movies like that like you know
what's happening at all time yeah so Bay
hasn't more together and he's slowly
going insane with age power women money
[Music]
coke i I don't know what Bay is doing to
slowly lose his mind or maybe he's just
stopped caring no I think he cared
that's the weird thing about Michael Bay
is that he seems to really be into what
he's doing yeah
and he cares about it it's just that
he's a big dummy the rock is great I
haven't seen the rock since high school
I remember liking it which is kind of
crazy yeah I'd have to really watch it
but I hate it Armageddon that was like
that movie was huge and I was like it's
so boring right that guy looks like
Michael Rooker you can't tell me
yeah I just remember the second half of
Armageddon
once there like out in space or whatever
like oh no we got a problem okay we
fixed it
oh no there's another problem okay we
took care of it oh no another problem
it got so repetitive
[Laughter]
[Music]
and you're just there and you're like
swimming suit me like listen sir there
are weirder things Wow Jesus did you say
that or did he rich he's gonna gouge out
your eyeballs you know he doesn't give a
fuck he doesn't give a fuck about
nothing he doesn't that's my kind of I
am actually I really almost want to see
pain and gain some people really like
feigning game that shocked me because I
thought it was a nightmare but but
that's his that was like a passion
project yeah yeah yeah it was
and so it's like and that's commendable
to a certain extent where it's like you
know he's made these big Transformers
movies he wants to do his version of a
smuggler all right
which is still overblown and and
headache-inducing but I think that's the
fascinating part he's willing to try
something like that yeah so there's
something to be said I don't think Zack
Snyder has a painting game in him you
don't think I don't think so
[Laughter]
Zach Snyder
I hate the way his movies look I wrote
like and I remember the 300 300
whatever is now 300 300 300 was so
striking because nothing looked like
that at the time was that before or
after Sin City because that's another
one that was super stylized comic cookie
I know they were a writer on the same I
will pen all winners first I will
consult some the Internet
300 was 2006 2005 okay I know they were
right around the same time but very
striking visually and then you know
Watchmen was a little more toned down
but still like me a high contrast like
dark deep shadows there's fine but but
then you see Man of Steel and and it's
the same icky it's just like great yeah
everything's ugly everything's like
muted colors high contrast dark shadows
and it's like that's not that doesn't
mesh with the character yeah well it
meshes with that version of the
character I guess I don't know I guess
you know it's it's great it's really
great no rich you saw that you can
complain but wait did you see Banias -
yeah because you saw okay that's the
rules if there are rules and that's my a
that's the the the biggest issue I have
visually about the trailers the Batman
vs Superman trailers just how gross it
looks yeah you don't know what I really
love them Star Wars because you know it
says Star Wars uh-huh do you like it
when it's in Star Wars other things
anything good sister yeah yeah that's
great
even the prequels have been good horse
this many nice visuals you know not work
went into bed CGI it's great it's great
you're having a been based on Michael
Rooker that looks just like absolutely
lost it I like how you're having your
emotional moment I wonder if they tried
to get him to do a voice like a we can't
get him and we'll be victory early
two-thousands they probably could have
gotten him he wasn't doing a whole lot
at that point
that's and by the way mister glitch
makes it a good point about like
Superman as a character in general which
is he's too powerful to be dark and
brooding I don't know if I understand
that if there's like nothing's a threat
so he has nothing to be concerned with
so he has nothing well so one he has
nothing to be dark and brooding about
and you you can be dark and brooding
about not being able to hug Lois Lane
without accidentally crushing her to
death you can do that from the people I
love because I'm so weird and different
you can do that kind of brochure do you
think they did that in Man of Steel no
I'm just saying you could in theory do
this with Superman sure but then you'd
have to like spend time to develop his
character and that would mean you have
to take time away from punching that
seems like a silly you know the first
half of that movie is developing a
character it's not Superman but it's a
character it's that movies perverted
version of Superman I'm trying to even
remember like cuz what was he what was
he upset about these people and I'm
giving each of them a shotgun have some
fun maybe know like what you know cuz he
well he allows his dad to get sucked
into the tornado right I remember that
yeah which was his dad's choice yeah his
dad was saying don't show your powers
because people won't understand it yeah
so he watched his dad get sucked into a
tornado so watch his dad die yeah that
sucks because his dad went back to save
the dog is that what happened did he go
back to save a dog no I think they might
have been thinking there's something to
hope soon as a kid he goes back to his
truck I just remember lad not the I mean
they wouldn't go back to the dog that we
go
I bet people love their dogs yeah but
you people would do that dog lovers
would go back to their dog yeah that's
stupid I think it was better no lovers
would do this he was a kid I don't
remember going back to the truck
oh my god it was a dog it was a dog okay
fucking hell that's so dumb
well you can't go back for the kids in
the kid we could kill the vitória no
like he helped the kid out of the truck
and then he gets like this
okay here's the question does the dog
live does he save the dog but he still
died I'm assuming he does they take that
because they won't kill the dog in the
movie either that's true more so than a
kid how does it so that my I have stove
a Gremory zuv this movie at this point
but so then like he saved the dog within
his like got caught or something the dog
he's a good runner
so he's upset that his dad died
and then but like why is he says that it
is that way cuz you know like I think
the the bulk of it is said just he feels
so like alienated and he has to hide
these powers that he has he was just
isolated yeah this is all guessing
because all I remember about that movie
is punching a lot of punching yes Dave
an idiot oh my god
don't knife him well rather than him
getting eaten by zombies
sure hurry up wait for you super yeah I
don't know I don't know if I could
handle rewatching Man of Steel just to
try to understand the character more I
mean how about you don't do that thing
you don't want to do yeah I've been I've
been seriously reconsidering watching
app like daredevil Kenny but oh yeah I
saw that in the theater yeah I remember
like it's not good but I remember not
like thinking it was the worst comic
book movie ever it might be I don't
remember very well I didn't remember
think any of these like it's really
cheesy I think that's sort of Emery
being cheesy but I don't remember it
being like painful to sit through I
remember seeing it in the theater and I
remember having the same experience that
you have it's like oh this is all right
we then bought it on DVD and watch it
again Lisa and I'm Oh see I would never
have any interest in rewatching it so
well you know we like superheroes and
everything okay and and oh my god it was
like why did we buy this the really fun
part though is on the DVD in the
commentary track and on the
behind-the-scenes featurette all it is
is the filmmakers talking about how much
they fucked up oh really yeah see that's
interesting to me when there's it even
you like that where they admit yeah
that's something didn't work like they
talk about all of the things that are
cheesy they take a lot out like everyone
they spent the bulk of the budget trying
to do practical stunts okay and they
want to be big grand practical stunts
like for example when he's jumping from
building to building and today they
spent like days shooting this wire rig
and what and it never looks good so I
was like fuck it do CD just do CG fuck
it do CG here oh really
yeah that's
oh you guys want to watch Ben Affleck
daredevil on movie dicks next Tuesday
you know what I'm down I'm down you said
mr. fat smelly yes get to the door
before Josh fucking dies Scott fucking
Josh oh and you can't say oh oh you just
say my gonna go do it might have just
been too late nope but it's like I'm I'm
probably going to see dawn of justice
not in the theaters I don't want to give
money to the theaters but I will
probably see it Avenger I'll be seeing
it yeah I don't envy you but you know
for the conversation I will probably see
it just so I can have a conversation I'm
not looking forward to it I seem to
recall back when Man of Steel came out
cuz we saw it for the show yeah and you
say it like talking about like being
slightly even though he told you how
terrible it was slightly curious to see
it yeah just like no yep like you will
not get anything out of it
flatout doe yeah yeah and and by the way
I 100% agree with you the only thing I
got out of it was the ability to talk
about it that's true which is worth
something I guess I mean that's the
reason we see stuff like paul blart mall
cop - you got something to talk about
now yeah yeah entire movies a commercial
for a resort
[Laughter]
yes Grinchy Man of Steel was that man
apparently on movie dicks they watched
possession oh the movie and notice the
best movie ever none of us is saying
anymore that's great I thought you only
watched bad movies on this thing I think
they just watch whatever the fuck they
want well that's great and I'm glad yeah
I'm glad people have seen possession and
chat about it in the twitch chat
it's great I hope it wasn't a shitty
YouTube version it's it's it's it's just
great I know there's a person on YouTube
that's just like 4x3 like a shitty VHS
copies I hope you guys did not watch
that cuz it's a good-looking movie
obongo Doug yes you're here thank you I
am I mean I didn't see you earlier bago
Doug sent me some beer and I've been
drinking not the urban chestnut brewing
companies still IPA India Pale Ale and
loving this shit out of it by the way
this is really amazing beer Thank You
bono Doug I look forward to drinking
every single one of them there was one
that I wanted to try but I thought that
it might kill rich Evans because not
only is it beer but it's beer brewed
with chestnuts oh it's like I'm sitting
next to rich he doesn't like beer he's
definitely allergic to nuts care of
other people drink beer though yeah but
what if just smelling it got you sick
it's possible it's possible in any case
I'm really enjoying it thank you very
much
oh I just had another sip it's such a
smooth IPA mmm it's so great
haven't I been confirmed for a hipster
before someone just said I was confirmed
for a hipster for liking a beer for
liking a beer and if I apparently cuz
that's all I was talking about all right
now oh the boyfriend's been bit Oh
kill
kill me she can pop that shirt off
Jack it's not that kind of game
oh sorry I'm sorry
[Music]
well that's a good question the the
newest half in the bag I only got a
chance to watch the what's the horror
movie called paul blart mall cop - Paul
bought Margo
unfriended I only got a chance to watch
the unfriended segments but I noticed
you're doing something different while
showing trailers oh yeah that's that's
you YouTube has horrible Content ID
robots okay
that's smart YouTube has automated
algorithms yes to detects annoying if a
video or sound is copy written and they
will blanket just take down something
yes even though of course we're very
used to be damned right he wants it done
don't give him a gun or give him a gun
and kill him
I'm sorry all right
that's really great that's really great
so apparently hello Draco says one of my
friends is the gun
