Episode 266
Necrodancer - Half & a Hack (Part 1)
May 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOFmitXqY
___________________________________________

in case there are horrible echoes /
delays I'm about to listen to the stream
and if it sounds really terrible I'm
gonna hang up and this will become a
rich solo stream but I'll still be in
the chaps and if it sounds acceptable
then we'll keep going that's kind of
that's the plan and listen to us now
yeah by the way this is becoming a rich
solo stream is it that bad it's I think
you're exaggerating
check take take a vote chat is is the
echo acceptable level would you rather
have a relatively quiet rich solo stream
or would you rather have rich and Jack
with echo what is preferred the echo I
can only imagine will get incredibly
frustrating it isn't bad exaggerating
what are you talking about this is
terrible
we'll deal with the echo echo we'll deal
with the echo Jack we're gonna deal with
the echo we're gonna deal with the echo
oh my god you guys this echo is terrible
I know you all say it's fine with the
echo I don't I don't know if I'm fine
with the echo it's up to you Jack I
can't I can't I just have I switched off
my targeting computer no I have not
switched off my targeting computer
that's my problem
I don't I mean rich if you could hear
the stream right now it's yeah I heard
the preview I made and then it was
noticeable but it wasn't it wasn't the
worst yet but now saying ever pay
attention to a conversation that we're
having and then you know two seconds
after I say everything or call for booth
but it's a very quiet Rover Rover roof I
think it's too much I don't know you can
you can you can quit any time jack I
could I could
you could just say something like
everyone sure oh they say it's barely
audible now what does that mean
did you change anything did you change
anything no I did not change anything
all right yeah I'll just you know what
I'll just try to refrain from talking so
much what happens I mean if you got
other things to do it's not it's not my
headphone screw I'm wearing earbuds so
it's definitely not my headphones and we
tried turning down the volume of Rich's
headphones and that didn't seem to work
and we also tried configuring the
outputs for his headphones and the
inputs on OBS and none of that seemed to
work but you get nice they're saying the
game music is covering the echo now so
we'll just listen you guys you guys have
asked for it you guys have asked for
this and so this is just what's gonna
happen why not you know why not
clem a Fandango thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
there's one other but I'll check our a
new special program maybe I'm too grave
cake that's great I did you know what
because it's not in front of me I forgot
about it so that's that's a good on you
rich yeah if you want to catch them as
they con to we can do both great
otherwise they're we're talking it's
fine
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time
just what he chose the sword yeah
sure sure I was farting around the
internet a little bit today looking for
some assets because I'm editing our next
couple of episodes for prereq and I on a
whim I ended up on Wikipedia and I
decided to look into what Suicide Squad
was because none of us knew and here's
the thing it sounds like a really cool
premise basically to be certain
criminals are deemed expendable assets
by the US government and are used on
black ops missions okay and so it's just
this group of inmates you know Harlequin
Deadshot or whatever his name is and the
Joker and stuff like that and they're
all used on on secret op missions as
expendable agents to kill people or do
stuff or whatever right and it was
actually made partially as a joke as a
an excuse of why they get out of Arkham
Asylum so often they're broken out by
the US government to do a mission and
then they just continue their life of
crime yeah so that's finite now I'm
officially down with the premise of
Suicide Squad I don't know you know that
says nothing about the movie or the
comics but I dig the premise
so anyway we are playing crypt of the
necrodancer which if you don't know it
is it is now done it's no longer in
early access so we might actually see it
we'd better see an ending of the game
tonight I've already done it once you
are I'm a necro pro
you are indeed rich I'm excited I I have
not played it since the full release
came out look at look at all of the
extra tiles they edit like look at that
cross what not the vines
that's all Newberry I don't want oh oh
yeah yeah that's nice no I already see
some new items oh sorry the items I'm
familiar how could you speak as you
haven't played in a while left in my
office I know
oh no not your stupid cat my great cat
who you're not allergic to your stupid
cat can you can't do math my cat what I
can't because not to kill you does that
count
I could I could I could in theory I
could choke while eating your cat so
your cat could kill me it's not very
likely tootin you know what rich Touche
you're right got to think outside the
box - you're absolutely 100% right yeah
and I think it's great the so that yeah
crypt of the necrodancer got a full
release
invisible ink is getting a full release
soon and of faith and a DLC pack
blood-borne got an update think you know
things are happening quite thankful and
most likely going to happen yellow start
to give us an excuse to to play these
games again I can't get back up there
traps you're scrappy by the tracks
well the traps are keep were keeping me
from getting back up here but I've found
a way around at all
you kind of oh there's nothing up
there's nothing up there I didn't really
need to bother trying long way to go
way to go rich you big jerk first boss
you're there already easy-peasy
this is happening
now you don't you're fine Oh anywhere
else I survived I'm always off oh my god
I'm watching you haven't gotten there
yet
cutscenes how strange short ones in
between every zone still it feels it
feels strange it's true
does you hate them that's very true
about me and cutscenes rich I hate them
I hate them all
[Laughter]
good I mean you know then you know cuz
that's usually an awkward conversation
about me and cutscene so just get that
out of the way looks good that's true
read my letter I have no power over the
cutscenes tonight but also crypt of the
necrodancer is cute enough where I would
I would like to see the cutscenes I
don't know what kind of boots yeah maybe
not
helmet helmet I don't care much fat
black oh no I didn't want to do that one
damn it first of all stop being so
stupid ooh last job fuck No
damnit
fucked everything up
well way to go you did it rich you
fucked everything up I did greed got my
goose yeah I suppose you're right
binding Isaac does have kind of little
cutscenes between between levels I like
to think of those more as loading
screens even though you can skip past
them no and yeah binding of issac also
you know has the the opening cinematic
you know just just because I just like
cutscenes doesn't mean that you know
like I don't put up with some because
they're in my favorite games just
because I feel like I need the grind in
games doesn't mean writing that's the
thing
get it together everybody it won't what
we're saying basically he gets pooped
down there great I know they're fun
they're fun and they do they do add to
the story they add to the atmosphere
yeah very super meatboy asking like tiny
little tiny little cut scenes between
worlds and it's all fine you put up with
them because the game is so good
oh are you enjoying are you enjoy you
what you can't even conceive oh you know
it's just it's not it's it's difficult
for me especially like those games in
particular those are light games you
know that's not story focus and so I
don't even think about those as
cutscenes because the story is so
unimportant in those Gables you know I'm
not you are not meant to be invested in
the world of Super Meat Boy and so to me
that's just a whole nother level where
they don't care
and because they don't care I don't have
to care either does that make sense
am I just rationalizing because they're
games I enjoy it maybe I I don't care
about the story in blood-borne this not
that's it's so vague sure oh sure that's
similar and like also like they're they
they don't care that you don't care you
know they just want you to get the blood
as long as you get the blood that's all
that matters
I should have transmogrified oh sure
anything is better than what I have
which is well it's near the stock shovel
stock shovel can't cut shit rich yeah
we're going what we got
Oh what we got better the W no better
the devil you know yep
you know what rich all right Vanessa we
can find another sheriff I like that
holster you should still love this game
the mastered 20,000 this is I still I
still look back fondly on this game I
haven't played it since the review just
because we've been playing other stuff I
imagine you're oh yes I will 100%
revisited because it's done now I am
still holding out hope for a mobile
version of this game I would love this
game to be on a mobile device yeah I
still play this regular that's great
yeah well regular probably more
regularly than anything else really
we've shot game because you didn't even
know about it before we started it
wasn't even on your radar before or we I
suggested it for the review isn't that
funny
that's great yeah I've got about 105
hours in this game I since I've been
playing one more and I kind of stopped
but for the most part I think I've
played at least one stage day that's
amazing rich congratulations I don't
know how I'm supposed to react to this
but I mean I'm excited
for you and crypt of the necrodancer
broadsword along
I mean broadsword I like that three
suite you know hitting enemies on an
angle
keep the broadsword and I'll take this
fucking spear for my second one there
you go that's the both worlds right
there best of both worlds we need start
we ain't talking star Trak best of both
worlds I just had this Star Trek game
ever oh right the Riker episode the best
of both worlds also right the other
thing we didn't do so remember when we
were messing around with OBS and
profiles games the other thing we didn't
do your mic right now is on a delays to
sync up with the game but my audio is
coming through the computer and so
people are hearing me answer before you
ask a question a certain easy way we can
fix that or think we'd have to stop the
stream the way I do it to give people an
idea though my workaround for that is I
actually am talking with rich through
Skype through my laptop I plug my laptop
audio out into my zoom so then both rich
and I are going through my zoom to my
other computer so there's no lag between
us when when he Skype sin with me that's
what I do rich does not have that option
right now so it's just gonna be out it's
either it's either I'm going to be off
or rich and the game are gonna be
all that should have been flawless
bullshit oh I haven't seen this boss
before is this a new boss oh nice yeah
know what the update before this no I
have not played it since the reveal
I'm letting it that's where the echo is
coming from Jack I don't think so cuz
then why would the echo come from the
delay why do you have so many audio
issues I don't know why we have so many
audio issues it's because we're doing
things that normal streamers don't do
this is the real thing
normal streamers are one person with one
microphone and their headphones
we are skyping and apparently that's no
good plus we always seem to end up with
your well anything to like sometimes
sometimes you're skyping in sometimes
we're all the same take advantage of
those OBS profiles and so then what we
need to do is create a profile for Skype
and and you know dial in all all of the
all of the specs just for Skype to make
sure that we're both in sync to make
sure that everything sounds great and
that's the prereqs Skype profile right
and then we make another profile for
when we are all in studio and that's the
prereqs to do profile and then it's and
then it's an easy swap
it's it sounds like a mini jack is
mocking the stream yeah yeah I think
that's funny
and we did try
what have we try before we tried mumble
and for some reason why couldn't we get
mumble to work I don't I don't recall
that was long we had to like type in
like my IP address into the special
thing to remember that no I don't
remember that but we've tried a lot of
things the best audio quality we got was
through mumble but that had a whole slew
of different problems so yeah you have
nothing either that'll be them with the
death of me world 4 is not easy
I wouldn't even want to contemplate
doing it without having some nice Jack
rich it would be cool if you've got in
contact with Danny barren house key
I'm stream with you sure I don't know
who that is but yeah why not I have no
idea I just this is me having literally
no idea I'm about to copy that name
cannot be and I'm gonna Google up right
now and Google Darrin bear now ski
oh oh oh great oh he did the music for
crypt of the necrodancer he did a great
job is he willing it seems new crypt of
the necrodancer he did The Binding of
Isaac he did super meatboy he did
gravity hook Canabalt that's a good
soundtrack - oh my god this guy's this
yeah that sounds great
but Jesus Christ desktop dungeons
yeah that sounds great we let me let me
tell you how many contacts rich and I
have in the video game industry hold on
let me get let me get out my rolodex
okay here here's my rolodex now and I'm
gonna flip to the the part with Oliver
Chennai's contacts in the video game
industry oh it's it's none what about
top
what about top from from straight-up oh
yeah yeah mostly joking we like we know
Tom we talked with James it who knows
people I know that Edmund McMillen is a
is a fan of red letter media but there
are people via reticle II who we could
reach out to but we we don't have any
like we are not in with the video game
people so it's like anyone you want to
like be on stream with us we don't know
how to get ahold of them is I guess I
don't bring that up unless you have like
a month you are that person and want to
call it that's the only like if you are
Danny and you're like hey I'll talk to
you guys that's great beyond that it's
not gonna help us much just as a general
heads-up
just cuz we don't you know we live in
Milwaukee and we don't know anybody we
don't know nothing about nothing
oh why did you do that then because I
accidentally hit ters at the same time
rich
oh that's right we also know Kevin's
from fire axes that's right okay we
officially have four contacts in the
video game industry that's not they're
wrong terrible
from fire axis for exes are exes
I think it's Fire axis that's our farad
slow the stir axis yeah maybe I'm wrong
okay maybe I'm wrong and I don't care
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo maybe I'm
wrong and I don't care do you do to do
now my voice is so pretty rich what what
your voice is super I'd literally have
no idea what I'm saying here's what I
can tell you I can tell you something
very real something that really upset me
today I turn I turn on my ps4 right yeah
and yeah Jack quick question for you
what do you prefer city under for
titanium yeah because that has more
attack and obsidian and I I get off
beautiful I want the static number ID
but that's a theorist you might you
might be a better necrodancer than I am
okay I'm running with titanium so I turn
down the PS board today and I see
there's a couple you know like update
things and I'm looking through the
different things and I go to the
blood-borne 100 died United I dyed it so
I go to the blood-borne tab of the of
the ps4 and there's a new there's a new
little slot in there that says other
titles you might enjoy so if you play
blood-borne rich if you play blood-borne
what are some other ps4 titles you might
enjoy sure sure like Dark Souls 2 is on
the ps4 right so you would think they
would they would output that do you
would you like to take a guess at the
game they suggested to me the order 1886
act opposite of blood-borne is the thing
they recommended to me and I laughed so
it's just it's ridiculous it has nothing
to do with blood-borne but there it is
play these other titles you might enjoy
because you enjoyed blood-borne
terrible terrible what that means is
they don't have any sort of algorithm
you know it's not like we've compiled
all of the genres that you've played in
ranks and you know it's essentially a
fraud these are the units we need to
move exactly no no it's so let's put
them on our front page she's a fraud
because like it says like other titles
you may enjoy that that has a that has a
connotation that like we know what you
will enjoy doesn't it yep yep go fuck
yourself
PlayStation 4 how dare you suggest that
how dare you
Brian I got four blood-borne right what
points just the best
[Laughter]
it's the the the savior of this console
generations the only thing worth plot
really true
[Music]
did I hear about DC's trouble
behind-the-scenes planning their films
there their attempts to mimic what
Marvel's doing without in any way sure
they're understanding it DC has started
their official spin of why they don't
have a cohesive universe which is they
unlike other franchises they are
director and driven films so you know
like Marvel is a studio studio driven
right they've they've in fact like fired
notable directors because directors
don't want to listen to Marvel Studios
where as DC's then we we're gonna be a
director driven film studio with ours
and so that might mean that we won't
advocate cohesive universe but we still
want to call it a cohesive the universe
it's utter utter bullshit and of course
they've already like they've already
fired a director because she wasn't like
the director for the supposed Wonder
Woman movie didn't want to like play by
their rules and so it's like it's 100%
bullshit but it's like them trying to
start the spin I love it if they were
you know if never the case there
wouldn't be this this working towards
Justice League business I think what
they wouldn't be to pull that this is
this is the difference what were we
talking about during the the shuffle
night review the difference between a a
clone and a no Maj right and so all all
DC sees is like shared universe right
Cinematic Universe and I don't see why
it works well and so they're like okay
we just need a cinematic universe we can
do that but they have they have
the the fourth on the planning to make
the cohesion work and so it's just a
clone and I love it I love their failure
only because of a Marvel fan boy I would
feel really bad and I do feel really bad
for any like person who grew up loving
DC because man they're screwing the
pooch cinematic wise I'm not taking a
Marvel or DC side I like DC characters I
like some Marvel characters but as a
whole I'd like the Marvel Universe more
than yeah oh yeah as much as I love like
Batman I actually do like Superman some
people think he's boring
I like Superman I think like the the
Superman that I that I fell in love with
was the The Adventures of Superman
cartoon that's when like that's the only
Superman I really knew The Adventures of
Batman and Superman 90s cartoon yeah and
I mean I've seen like fine story movies
but like Superman comics I could never I
could never get into those because it
always just turned into bigger stronger
aliens and punching doomsday come on
come on
dude yes that was they wanted to kill a
Superman off for publicity and they
couldn't think of creative way to do it
so this guy's just gonna start punching
him a new guy that has that no one's
invested with he's got dog he's that guy
he's he's strong but not like and that
like regular strong like a really strong
it's pretty good it's pretty cool right
you like you like doomsday yeah yeah
yeah they just feel like that also that
90's Justice League animated show I like
that I watched that that was fun
thought that was fun I gotta catch up on
me it's good it's you know it's it's the
same Batman and Superman that you like
from that era and some other people you
know fine I gotta be honest though I
just been guarding it for Batman of
course no and you know they have the you
know they have those episodes that are
like Green Lantern and or a Hawkgirl
centric and like guy yeah I don't I just
don't care about your backstory and then
every Wonder Woman backstory is like a
god thing and you're like really
come on she does not gods right that's
her whole shtick what else you in
talking about Wonder Woman busy lose
your footing no I just I wasted a bomb
someone stores sell an item no I don't
want to sell any of this waste fucking
waste of my fucking time thanks thanks
got me a fucking bomb thanks someone was
saying tired and sad says Joss Whedon
was right that Batman is really a Marvel
character in the wrong
you know why I don't see it
Batman know what you know what I'm gonna
say but Batman he belongs to the
universe Batman Batman thrives on you
know the rule of cool and being a badass
and always knowing what to do and then
you throw him in a universe that has
people like Superman and an order for
Batman to still be the cool guy he needs
to find ways to beat these people yeah
and it just it gets absurd and Batman
would work much better if he existed
within his own universe that that didn't
have an eternally powerful beings he had
to compete we know to be cool what
Batman's not as useful escalation Batman
explain vaccination works the best when
he's dealing with small-time thugs you
know like when it when he's dealing with
the Mafia when he has to be a detective
that is when Batman is at his best and
brightest but then all of a sudden you
throw him in a situation with a super
villain right and he has to use all of
his powers to defeat the all-powerful
super villain but then he has to be
defeat Superman so he needs more powers
and then he has to defeat a guy who has
a green ring and that guy you know that
you can make anything appear it's the
the problem with with Batman is he's a
he Batman is street-level but because
he's such a big name but in order in
order to be Batman he still has to beat
the guy in serene regimes Batman cannot
scale up is what I'm saying
oh but he does he's a recognizable names
yes that's why he'd be better off not in
a hundred percent if if we are to use
Marvel's terms Batman that would work
fantastic on street-level Batman
daredevil is a great Batman show
cuz yeah I've said this before but I
mean if like Batman's gonna beat up
solomon grundy and and and and people
like that why the fuck should you care
when he goes up against the pain he
beats up patello a Superman villain
how is batman gonna handle the penguin
matter all these it devalue does not
deal with escalation well because
because that's the thing he fights and
wins against gods but then he needs to
like fight sammy to fist see I think the
problem with it is that they have him
deal with escalation well yeah yeah he
needs to Batman needs to be a smaller
Batman needs to be a smaller part of his
world and he's not because only because
of his marketing by the way there is no
other reason for Batman to be in these
situations other than he's one of the
most recognizable superheroes on the
planet
what you know what the spider-man could
well we've talked about this beforehand
spider-man could 100% beat up Batman all
of the time you know why
spider-man's super-strong somewhat
somewhat controversially when either
descendant during my solo stream or when
you went to the restroom or something
during one of her other strings I said
that snake eyes from GI Joe could take
that man not all of the time but at
least some of the time
I think snake eyes would come out on top
because snake eyes I don't know the GI
Joe universe that well that's fine jack
you don't know what you're talking about
Batman is essentially the good guy
version of Lex Luthor the problem is his
normal villains aren't super mad like
because normal villains yes are mobsters
and it's fun using you know watching him
use those detective skills two best
mobsters but when he can take on
Superman Lex Luthor that that all
becomes devalued that's the point like I
I agree with Batman fighting above his
weight class should be sometimes let's
see that's the that's the thing it
really can't be as sometimes trees which
is the the problem with his escalation
because it is a sometimes tree when he
goes back it's it's it hurts
he needs to be lower-class oh but you're
not understanding the point what we're
saying with him being street level like
I'm not saying he should be poor or like
not be Batman I'm saying he needs to
deal with lesser villains like he cannot
fight gods that's not his job
daredevil is fighting the kingpin
daredevil is not fighting Loki that is
not his job you know you don't send home
that right
everyone should have a place and
everyone this should have like Batman
has a great gallery of villains already
you know and all of Batman's villains
are fairly appropriate to Batman poison
ivy
controls plants like cannot poison ivy
cannot say devour a planet she controls
plants it's a minor villains in the
grand scheme of comic books right you
sure this is what I'm saying it's judged
against all other comic book characters
poison ivy not the most powerful and
that's why she's a Batman villain the
penguin I think is a great example
you know the penguin is is mobster he's
just a guy he has no powers he has
umbrellas great Batman villain the the
thing that hurt Batman the most was just
a guy who was really strong that's it
like Bane right he was just really
strong and kind of smart so he beat
Batman
[Music]
and that's the thing like in Avengers
yeah the people who actually fight Loki
our Thor and Hulk where as Captain
America Hawkeye and black widow are
literally literally street-level
like they are taking care of the minion
bad guys they are helping civilians in
Avengers the first Avengers I haven't
seen Avengers 2 yet obviously but like
they are not at toe-to-toe with Loki
because that is Thor's job and that is
Hulk's job that is Iron Man is kind of
flying all over the place but like he's
Iron Man's the kind of a leader so
that's fine but they have specific jobs
and understanding that was and this is
the problem this is the overall problem
with DC is they listen to their
marketing team not their creative team
they have no understanding of what makes
their heroes work which is why by the
way I'm a little excited about Suicide
Squad because they do have an
understanding of why they're villains
work because you don't need to worry
about any sort of the like character
drama with villains they're just bad
guys we just get to see cool shit
explode
okay great camp may not be God level but
he is higher than street level he's the
top street level Captain America is the
leader of the street level thing Captain
America is his I mean if if we were I
mean I mean I I wonder what the classes
in between God level and street level
there is I mean there has to be a class
in between yeah what is he saying what
are you yeah well he's right he's right
in between but whatever I'll give
mid-tier okay with myth you yeah captain
is mid-tier then like able able to
handle street-level stuff and even even
swing with some gods but no no I'm like
you know there they have a different
butter zone
city world
okay yes bike 13 introduces city world
comic or cosmic I like that I like that
yeah so captain would be world level
spider-man is like I'm right in between
city world level depending on on who's
riding him it's time
yes Jack no cap America is elevated by
the fact that he is a genuinely good guy
and the best leader ever there are
relevant powers beyond has muscles ish
yes a ruse
there are relevant powers beyond has
muscles all of those relevant powers get
negated when you face a thunder god
these aren't about their skillset or
their power level this is just about
like who they face I agree it's not
about it's it's not all about muscles
but it's about the butter zone who who's
the most challenging is the most fun to
fight I think it's about if you don't
want to make Batman's rogues gallery
irrelevant he shouldn't be beating up
super-powered piano all the time yeah
absolutely
Batman does not fight super-powered
people or should not fight super-powered
people he does that's the problem it
should be a sometime Street Captain
America will fight super-powered people
because he's super-powered but he should
not fight cosmic people all the time
cosmic
Steve Rogers well if what the universe I
were talking about in the comics yes he
has picked up me on the shore
he has picked up Thor's hammer because
he is all good he is 100% good you know
should good has anything to do with it
that's what it has all to do it yeah
baby worthy being worthy Thor is a
Viking war god
all right worthy should mean loving
slaughtering villages that should make
you worthy to wield Thor's hammer let's
be a little more correct here
I think Captain America is too decent to
wield Thor's hammer
Captain America he just he wants you
know no but you can Justice he doesn't
want you can battle a Miss it or for the
people that made him a god right if Thor
might be all good but the Vikings
weren't but they still chose him as
their God so we can't blame Thor before
the Vikings the Vikings Vikings soft
according to Marvel Nicko's the Vikings
saw four and chose him as their God
because he was strong so okay I died I
literally know almost nothing about Thor
[Laughter]
that's all I know
nothing I guess we need to know jack I
don't know if Odin can pick who's worthy
he was a womanizer and had been and had
a bad father right
no Odin doesn't pick the hammer picks
your knee or no burden you're on your
own
I pronounce it it sounds like you guys
expect more thought to be put into these
characters when they're being written
but the fact is the comic book medium
has never been particularly deep or
meaningful says das Rhine I think you're
incorrect I think there have been great
stories in the books that have that have
done these characters justice and made
these characters deep and you might not
you know maybe you're not a comic book
guy and I that's fine I don't know
I think they are I think there's there's
good deep characters and comic books but
I'm a comic book person so
[Music]
can be and the thing they always are
who's writing I mean also like remember
we're talking we're talking about
decades worth of characterization you
know did you get hate yeah that's fair
yeah well you have the bow and arrow now
did you just get the crossbow oh I have
the holster so I just put it in the
other slot everything's fine
everything's fine all of the time so so
that's the real thing is like you know
spider-man has been around for 50 years
this is just a thing that's real right
so we get to kind of remember all the
good stuff and put away all the bad
stuff and take the the parts that we
like about his character and idolize
those and kind of move aside parts that
we don't like because he's been around
for five decades and and that's actually
the part that gets most of setting is
like comics have been around for so long
and they're still fucking up simple
things like characterizations in movies
when they have like a world of resources
and reference to look back on that's
what upsets me it obsessed me when I've
seen it done right before and it has
well maybe not right when I've seen it
emotionally resonate with me before and
then they do it differently and it
doesn't work as well as far as I'm
concerned
whatever you know I know okay
yeah I I haven't you know you know I
haven't cared much from recently I know
what the comic books comics comics still
have a place for me it's this yeah it's
it's the only time that you can you know
read a storyboard it's it's this weird
mash of art and story like art art you
know drawing art and story in I like it
it plays on my imagination well comic
books
[Music]
[Applause]
yes yes cracker man whatever rich Evans
Matt fractions Hawkeye run all right I'm
down with them they like there are
certain books like you read certain
books and you just understand a
character differently after that you
know and then that like reading reading
one book will shape how you feel about a
character through several universes I
remember when I was reading ultimate
x-men which I really enjoyed in the
beginning and the way the writer handled
Cyclops was so unique like handling him
you know sure like as a boy scout but as
a conflicted leader and someone who's
trying to do the best for their team
like the way he wrote Cyclops made me
appreciate Cyclops across all comic
books even though other writers didn't
have them you know oh shit did you die
not a big you know I just and so that's
the thing is like just one panel of a
comic book can can color how you feel
about a character across universes and
that's something that's that's something
unique
what was the name what was the name of
that hawk I thought comic fraction
or is that Matt Fraction but check oh
I'm watching this I'm watching right now
going to zone 4 baby
yeah we're they said baby right now I
just Google so I will I will look into
that to see if I can get to trade or
something
Matt of fractioned hold on I'm on I'm
about to see zone 4 I think alright it's
weird
so we go we go from like caves it's a
jungle to hell - I'm about to see it
right now
oh it's purple I don't know how to deal
with those guys yeah
these four peer guys I have no idea I
can't figure it out but he parries you
that's weird
so why did you just leave him everywhere
now and then they lunch so do you
last time I had like a thousand bombs I
just bombed the fuck on him I don't have
any bombs right now how do you make him
lunch I don't know and you can't get
behind him anybody have a chat
you can play with a dance pad in his
release you could play with a dance pad
in me in the pre-release bud
but yes this is the full release of
crypt of the necrodancer it is now 100%
ready to go what is this yeah I love it
I love it rich
I don't get where you are in relation to
everything else cuz even you know like
what is this world it's kind of
disconnect a connects to them then they
lunge and you counter yeah yes we hacked
well next to them then they lunge
oh fuck
between Iron Man and Batman who do you
enjoy more as a character and I will say
in the mood well in the movie universes
the answers Iron Man and and in any
other universe the answer is Batman the
both the the comic and and animated
series which I know which obviously
which is a big fan of Batman is a much
better character but in the movie
universe Iron Man is a much better
character 100% especially after we've
had the discussion of my love and even
jealous sizing of Iron Man 3 what's up
oh my god you're at half a heart I do
have a full oh sure he'll potion Seuss
why or I can use that meat
alright I'll get those parents okay
that's great Iron Man 3 is perfect is it
a perfect action movie Iron Man 3 ISM is
a movie that should be taught to people
who want to make action movies I we did
it I had this whole breakdown in the
stream a while back so I won't get into
it now but it's great Iron Man 3 bad
that Shane Black knows what he's doing
but but yeah in the movies Batman
I mean what's what's his arc you know
like what what does Batman do as a
character in the movies you know he Fox
Fox or I'm sure he fucks someone
[Laughter]
I think I've talked about this and you
guys have disagree with me a lot about
Bryan Singer's x-men universe it
obviously helped bring along the current
state of comic book movies so I'm
forever grateful for that I think x2 is
a fine movie but overall I I don't much
care for it and I really did not like
Days of Future past I write very real
problems with it and and I hope and I
think he also he has a problem did you
die no sorry what happened oh my god I'm
watching it now I see that just getting
that rate Jesus Christ
I suppose this is level four
serenity now we're gonna do now
it's like the the first x-men movie was
right right at the tail end of the
awkward years of comic book movies and
it was it was trying it you know it's
got a lot of the characterization well
but it wasn't quite there yet with the
with the action and you know if you're
making a superhero movie you need action
that's just the thing that's why we read
superhero comics we like to see the guy
punching the other guy and it didn't
happen
x2 had the nice balance of
characterization and action it was the
Wolverine show but that's fun because
they handle it appropriately handled it
appropriately and then we don't talk
about x3 obviously and Days of Future
past I really thought was mediocre and
handled a lot of things poorly and had
too many had too many world breaking
moments that I couldn't enjoy I just
could not enjoy it but so overall I rank
Singers x-men universe probably above
you're not going did you get to the boss
though oh I did the wrong I hit the
wrong thing I meant to hit I meant to
eat the food and I I tried to you know
this I accidentally used one of the
skulls oh so I died no I'm sorry I died
God so Florida's a bitch
