Episode 274
Lego Marvel Super Karen & Rich (Part 2)
June 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI7m9qy0yOo
___________________________________________

wherever he goes yeah Karen confirmed
for what yes Karen is white as far as
she knows although she would be
perfectly fine with being something else
- I can't say something else instead
because I'm pale as heck
there's definitely got to be some white
in there but maybe something else that
would make life more interesting
no few people are as pale as you are
without having some albinism coloring
yeah next to you a little Sun I know you
can call me I'll bite over with a little
Sun I can't read and you've got brown
hair it's kind of precludes the albinism
but but nevertheless you're just tough
you're a skin cancer farmer it's a crop
that takes a while you got to give it a
lot of fun and of course it needs water
and food for a few decades but slowly
but surely here you're incubating a crop
of tumors and still nah I'll die okay
it's inevitable start getting cut off
they're like oh this looks suspicious
let's cut that off
oops that was your penis sorry that's
all right you all miss it it was just a
little right am I just I just I just
solved the puzzle huh
you're gonna cut off your penis that I
said I I said that they're gonna maybe
like oh whoops that was just a little
thing never mind
whoops that with your penis I said I was
just in here you know these people
taking anything you say you know T's
right I know you are they don't care
they'll think I'm huge you ever see
those shirts yes no never seen those
shirts yeah they sure know I haven't sam
hugeinjapan oh I get it
via a reference to dick size or height
it's Jenna oh sure especially all people
that figured it was yeah I'm average in
Japan I'm not too terribly tall person
silence sorry rich yeah well it's okay
I'm playing game hide and I'm good and
I'm not I just take doing a half-ass job
sucked out Erin's jerks just like it
sure could be a pro oh no momento you
you take you take your break
I guess that we're here for eight hours
now it's just me now you know you guys
are back to awkward silence how do you
like this awkward silence and then great
integrate when I don't know what to say
I forgot Captain America can walk
through fire what do you think in the
Lego game this is my amazing hey did I
tell you that rich hey dad did I tell
you that my mom's friend had her Westie
puppy over yesterday
this dog is we did the math this dog is
like a 30th the size of our dog they
were so cute together
yeah you you have a big goofy dog not
the puppy that got along great
yeah well your giant dog is one of those
fucking dogs that's totally
mild-mannered he's about as domesticated
it's just a good thing because if he was
mean he would be impossible because it's
large you can't have a big dog was me
yeah do we have a dog no I have a dog
yeah no it doesn't happen I'd call him
keV I'm sorry does he love scaring you
not actually technically my dog well I
think a richest cat allergy I guess it
matches up with my own cat allergy No
yeah I'm not as allergic to cats as he
is but about few people yeah yeah I like
cats though they're they're nice
critters but we're both allergic to them
so that pretty much
what's SNP snps of the way does it a
wiener dog it's not a wiener dog it's
not a dachshund dogs dogs into that's
better
[Music]
dr. Mario and Tetris I I guess we'll go
for adventures where it's like a
role-playing game where you attack the
other animals Oh such Scottish national
powers with a stands for where you
attack creatures by spelling really long
words like 11 12 letter words and then
it instead of just going you know
excellent it feels like more often the
worm turns and they're like a wrecking
ball and the screen turns white and
different colors and the enemies explode
and it's delightful yes I
I considered streaming that but you're
too good you would spend you want to
spend like an hour trying to look
staring at the board to come up with one
amazing word and like yeah I don't think
it would be good entertain probably not
oh the weak like group play it we could
all tag-teaming me and you and everybody
in the chat thing first somebody would
probably yeah no you know I can't you
know we can't do that game would cheek
osteoporosis would be a perfectly lovely
word for that game but you know you
gotta use the letters on the board and
they're not always there it's a lot of
ease and old losing well not you might
not get plus it plus like P and R and
stuff those aren't really yes that adds
another thing that would be great but I
don't think it's word so it's got to be
in the dictionary and have weird exotic
letters
mm-hmm yeah that that I like
rollercoaster tycoon and The Sims
especially like the I for some reason
the old one frog fresh but yeah I love
rollercoaster tycoon and some of those
you know sandbox can usually build stuff
I like some of the some of the games I
like my kind of kid games admittedly I
like know what your girls like Animal
Crossing and I I used to be into a game
called
exact Lego Marvel Super Heroes let's
what game it is I used to be into a game
called dogs 5 where you could read
letters of virtual dogs and they had
like had their own genetics and you can
play with the puppies and dress them off
and take them on vacation yeah yeah I
yeah and you know Nintendogs and whatnot
yeah yeah I agree Animal Crossing is
honey but it could be better I think
they could
what are you open to classic like softy
original Super Mario Brothers and the
you know like that DS versions and
whatnot yeah I like a lot of the classic
8-bit games I know what one of these
days we're gonna have to stream me
playing monster party it's a game that
was originally supposed to be full of
horror monster characters like licensed
characters and they they couldn't get
the rights of whatnot and so they made
all they change the pixels and turned
all the characters and they're like
stuff based on Japanese fairy tales so
here and in other weird stuff so you're
fighting like tempura shrimp and wishing
wells throwing coins etching and it's
it's just and every time you eat a pill
you turn into a dragon it's a really
strange
my favorite video game system dan yes I
love the annulus oh wow you know I kind
of like my uh my Android tablet now to
another world world that's better is
that animal crossing I'm not familiar
with I'm not familiar with that one is
that no wait oh and dance on this world
I don't know what game that dances for
uh space channel 5 that was fun game set
if you like that you'd probably like
something like a dance dance revelution
have the power pant I use like wait how
could you how could you like space
channel 5 and not dance dance revelution
that is so good you have to be really
fast it pounding underneath okay oh not
sure what video game Laura's the power
glove oh god everything worse than the
power glove is the you force I never
actually had a power glove but I used
him the you force was terrible never try
to just wishful you look like a laptop
or like an open laptop and and it had
sensors and you waved your hand in front
of the sensor but like you're trying to
wave your hand in front of this sensor
for a and wave your hand in front of
that sensor for me and or up or down or
whatever it was just like he was like
trying to rub your belly and pat your
hand it was just the whole thing was
just like why why why don't I just use a
controller it's just like it's like it
was supposed to be like a new immersive
experience but it was like trying to use
a controller that sucked
it worked for punch-out yeah I guess I
can see that it might work for punching
at least there's something intuitive
about that you know other other games I
like to see over underrated games
adventures
punch out I think requires
lightning-fast reflexes I wouldn't want
a plug punch out or anything other than
a regular controller you need you need
good reflexes from that game very few
people head to you for somebody said
that's probably for the best
[Laughter]
I might have mine somewhere you want it
oh god oh and then they had remember the
rocker at the rock and roller whatever I
never try that Hellena yeah it was less
material it was like a laser I do some
kind of thing that you stood up and like
swivel your hips to control that I guess
the d-pad yeah oh my god
so many gimmicks so many gimmicks
oh my any gimmicks the only ones that
were ever any good I mean the the the
what was the advantage or whatever it
was the the contribute the enjoy
joystick was good for games that work
with joysticks there was one I think was
called the max which had a slider things
for once once I got my hands in a
gamepad I never looked back to the
adjacent yeah yeah well there were no
games I used to play with a joystick
that after I hadn't been intended for a
while every my parents got me an NES
later he used to get me a Super Nintendo
because they said that then I wouldn't
play my NES games so I didn't get a
Super NES or anything beyond an 8-bit
NES until I was much older and I bought
my own weekend at which point it was
a song because it was you know two
systems ago or something but yeah I've
never played with the AI toy I've never
played with the what's the motion one
that they got now for the P for the PS
yeah the one on the Xbox that came back
but I had a as far as the NES I also had
what was supposed to be a trackball but
it didn't actually spin so it was like
you just held the ball and moved it that
thing kind of sucked so so I'm trying to
remember that I'm trying to remember how
to beat Doctor Octopus it's been a while
trying to think I had that I had the
power pad the power pad the power pad
was great for a explode which was kind
of like a whack-a-mole
kind of game it was all right for track
and field but really I'd rather just
play track but filled with Mike with my
hands heat shadows hey so any other chat
asked if you'd like support um do you
like swords ball I like baseball
what's a little hockey now and then rich
and I used to totally geek out about
minor league Frontier League baseball
like especially like yep you see yeah
yeah like you know geeking out about
stuff like the history of the frontier
league and teams that are no longer
teams that are now defunct and I noticed
that there's a college college summer
league team in their inaugural year was
last year we missed it but in Kenosha
now and then so I definitely want to go
see them this summer they probably
should be starting up in a couple of
weeks yeah because I know you know we we
actually were the kind of geeks who like
found where the Kenosha man is used to
play and just like certain of the old
thing let me tell you no stadium because
it was a place where one of the original
founding Frontier League teams of play
Kenosha it like sound like we're up
there just for that what were year is
deployed right what are the conditions
around going to different my two league
ballparks and minor league ballpark then
do a lot it for you early arts we've
been that we've been this party why not
one enough it's fun stuff let's see
which ones have we been doing we were at
the Kenosha Kings they're defunct now
gateway gateway Grizzlies in their minor
league baseball park or they're actually
their Little League baseball park they
have a four foot outfield fence they
joined Northern League and then they
came back its northerly folded the
Joliet jackhammers both when they were
in the we get very soon
we're working on but that yeah the
Joliet jackhammers and the those
Schaumburg Flyers who have different
name now and so do the jackhammers and
the Slammers now yeah their new theme
they just they just they just what I
like Louis Louis commonly a fan of the
fighting Whitey's because if we if we
can name all of our teams after for a
Native American players basketball team
who name themselves because there are so
many sports teams that are like oh the
Indians like mascot even worse Redskins
and you know but there are crazy sure
chief wampum wampum yeah yeah exactly so
they had all that stuff and so the
Native American team they came up with
the fighting Whitey's as their mascot
which was
terrific why not
it's a parody it's a parody that points
out the absurdity you the other one but
uh mm-hmm
yes it's richest fiance rich you should
have made that the title except the I
like you said just in case the stream
didn't work but this is a kid you
weren't gonna show up someone for some
reason and I didn't want to I'm good
yeah chief wahoo is way worse chief
wahoo was well like somebody said if
somebody did like I dressed as a priest
and did some kind of weird parody of a
Catholic Mass I would people like love
to see like a Catholic priest mascot who
ran around with like throw it you know
those guns the kids have only it would
shoot like communion wafers into the
stands Kerry you're dying out again very
quiet
I haven't even moved you came back okay
yes I did
so wait there's a woman yeah last time I
checked but uh but yeah we went to that
we went to the Grizzlies and went uh no
no that what was the one that the
Wildcats or whatever they're forgetting
the the several minor minors Mike well
butters entire reason for existence is
we need a team in our historic Park
their Park is like a year younger than
really Greg Lee historic bussy field
were they feeling parts of a league of
their own and they don't know they have
a team there but mostly the draws the
field we're rich and I were joking that
they would have like a a commercial for
it where they would just sub in the name
of the team like do it
later evansville utters where you can
get family and you start it's yeah we we
went and saw the we wouldn't saw the the
Thundercats play them down there
Thundercats Wrigley Field Wrigley Field
is hey you know I'm sure I'll make enemy
it just builds kind of falling apart
it's its historic which is all fine and
dandy but that's about all it's got
going for it well don't they finally
just start your animation to it really
pissed off the people who who had the
rooftop seedings I guess they're hurting
the review or something fuck them
but yeah I've been in regulating at
Wrigley Scotland I just it's a story
to say I really like where the Brewers
play and then that they can close the
roof if it's cold I mean yes I guess you
know you're a hardcore love the baseball
loving person you should sit out the
cold and freeze your ass off for the
team but you know what it's really nice
when they can just close that don't turn
your not shivering just enjoy the game I
have nothing against the Brewers I don't
I don't have any great love for them but
I don't ya know I mean I'm a Sox fan I'm
a like White Sox fan but the Brewers do
have the not the one they have now but
that's 70s logo that MB ball MIT thing
is the best look yeah why would you ever
give away any of that I love their old
logo they should totally go back to it I
guess like the team owners daughter
doesn't like it or something my dad
study
the problem is but my goodness it's
genius it's it's legibly
and it's clearly a ball and a mint and
it's great so you know people I have
yeah it's the best go go like an old
ship scholar Brewers hands and because I
love with that logo because I love that
logo so much and people will be like oh
you're a big Brewers fan and it's like
whoa I like them well enough I got
nothing against him but really I'm just
a really big fan of this logo correct
yeah they've got a real nice part Saks
Park is all right it's not as nice as a
Brewers park yeah I really will give it
to the Brewers they have a very nice
Park it's a Miller Park right no yeah
bushes where the Cardinals play I get
confused which beer named Park is which
and which cellphone company is which the
old that was one with the like a ship's
wheel wasn't it I get with my eyelets he
ILO TN oh oh oh I don't know if it's a
one I what I think it was it was pretty
nice I just know what the pirates I
missed their old hat pirates oh yeah
that weird during the weird flight yeah
we have to hand in the stripes around
especially the black version with the
yellow stripes I know I need that was a
nice hat I don't know why they went away
from it and he was different from
anything anybody else had do you think
the Blackhawks are gonna win it all I
guess the odds are against it but you
never know somebody's gotta win I mean
shoot the Evansville adders one do you
remember that for the year after that's
thick Jim's going over with nobody
I don't know they took the top two teams
from each division and they won the
whole series but uh because they were at
a really shitty division and so the team
that won the they're kind of
independent league championship actually
had a losing record but uh yeah you know
as far as the Hawks I mean somebody's
got it when they're down to what 14 is
now or a real retention don't be there
soon the Hawks won their series but I
think although you helps the parade so
yeah both people whether we went down we
went down for the parade and then and
then there was it was a nice hot sunny
day we went went out over by the river
and had lunch and it was a kind of
perfect day where it's a blue sky with
little fluffy clouds and I took all
kinds of nice pictures of the clouds
reflected in the buildings and it was a
great day it was a wonderful day so so
yeah even if the Hawks don't win we need
to make an excuse to to drive down to
Chicago and on a nice sunny day walk
around and go to that little cafe on the
Riverside
you know just actually to everybody you
watch the little did you watch the
Little League World Series rich no
was an amazing night I saw some of the
games my schedule is weird so I didn't
see as many as I'd like they had they
had some interesting characters so they
had that Michelle they had a young woman
who was like the best pitcher in the
league probably which is you know a
little bit unusual date to see a girl
playing as a pitcher in baseball as
opposed to softball for a change let me
know you know let me know just the
Jennie Finch but it's kind of neat Ricky
your Packers yeah well you are not
asking me that I know there's this
there's like they're fucking with me
basically when they ask that I know but
okay
fucking Packers fucking the fudge
Packers yeah but um oh where was I
I don't even remember what we're talking
about
yeah I'm not playing baseball pitching
then there was there was also that would
you think of that jackie robinson teen i
felt bad
this is nice it's a nice you know the
identity but i don't think you know
what's the kid the kids might not have
understood i feel what was going on
relative there might have been might
have known that they were playing from
different districts i don't know can't
blame them either way but i know they're
playing for that they weren't playing
from the right district they like two
kids from a wide a larger area than then
they should have to get better turn you
got you got a you got a wonder
occasionally i mean these kids small
swimsuit pretty arm well you got to
wonder some of these kids what do they
feed them you see the kids in the Little
League World Series and some of these
kids are like 6 feet tall they're
supposed to be 12 I'm like Oh bigger
these guys gonna be I mean maybe they're
gonna be 7 feet tall I don't know
there's a guy work was almost seven feet
tall I guess maybe he was six foot tall
when he was twelve who knows but still
whilst twelve-year-old boys I know are
like five foot two ninety pounds so I
had to pay mild attention to that puzzle
that was going on
for the most part of this lego game and
diverse forget things you just come
right back to life yo for small children
I'm playing a games Medford for babies
basically yeah sure but it's got spider
internet so I'm kind of a kind of a
casual gamer i like i like my plants
versus zombies and I like my trivia
crack and and words with friends and
used to be big into the farmville but it
got to the point where you couldn't do
anything without them wanting to you to
spend actual money as a screw it
the chat does not like the plant versus
our people have to I like you probably
enough for any two people what is this
Jan oh that's a hologram I was wondering
whether was a giant Lego man there no
yeah he is kind of big yeah farm villa
and silk are engineered to get you to
spend money after a while like it's
annoying it's gotten I'm so glad I'm so
glad you're not under that anymore
beautiful you you were before they let
you have multiple firms she used to use
my facebook so yeah and I made an
account named after my dog and then I
got a favorite dinosaur movie starring
Whoopi Goldberg is there a dinosaur
movie look at Goldberg Theodore Rex
they're asking because it's bad I think
that's funny
is it like good bad like a bad bad I
always kind of lame my handle bad that
it's it's not even that good it's not
even that interesting we we watch it
together yeah yeah I've seen it you
thought you thought it was like walking
with the dinosaurs she's gonna be so
disappointed
are you mean there it's like one minute
they're in the tundra and the next
minute they're in a jungle and then all
of a sudden William a mister building
the Great Pyramids and it's like what
Harvest Moon I've never really played
too much I know rich is a huge fan I
used to be the newer games suck but I
think that VV the earlier ones the one
for like the PlayStation and whatnot
just kind of a fun farming so yeah so
you guys had no on the PlayStation
grabbing fun farming simulator little
yeah historical dramas so much
historical dramas well we why'd we like
Rome that's been a few dinners we really
enjoyed Rome I need to watch that I need
to watch in its second season because I
don't know I don't know why I haven't
watched it yet we have books and
remember you bought it yeah we used to
be really into watching house which is
not historical anything okay I'm sorry I
had to figure out how to open a thing
but ender is amazing as fuck season 2 is
not as good as season 1 but like that
that big ball did you did you watch
season 2 without me basically because
you got sick of waiting for me let's
fight it's been a while do I like Star
Wars okay you know yes I'm not crazy
about it I mean it you know I'm sure
I'll make enemies but it seems kind of
over right they know they know what they
know how I feel about it so Star Wars
prequels to be honest I've only seen one
of them the other ones didn't really
look especially feeling house m.d. yes
but I think the fact that you didn't
want to see the other ones is telling
well nobody had anything good to say
about it Karen hit and you know have you
good no good start open star wars I know
anything good to say about it and and
you know I mean these were people whose
opinions I valued reasonably well and
there's just so much I mean with with
Netflix and and all the books I have
around and whatnot it's it's not I'm
never bored you know it's like I've got
more stuff more media to consume that I
could ever actually consume you know I I
mean like you know psycho zombie
apocalypse and I'm in the supermarket
and I've got a day to live you know and
I can't eat all the food so it just
seems like like a waste of time to watch
him they're probably horrible
and the original ones so yeah they were
kind of cute I liked him well enough why
when I saw him when I was a kid and I've
seen some of them again effect I
probably seen all of them again since
then at one time or another but hey
they're not my favorite so if I want to
watch Harrison Ford movie you said I'd
rather and yes I guess that's calling it
Harrison Ford movie and now to Mark
Hamill movie I think it's a Harrison
Ford movie star wars but I'd rather
watch the Indy movies I like those yeah
Indiana Jones is great all except for
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Indiana
Jones all right
did you ever see I know I know we've
never watched it together but you
remember the young Gideon is adventures
watch when they were years ago and what
I remember I wanted to like him and they
weren't hideous but they weren't that
good either I was amazed that they found
a way to make Indiana Jones boring like
it takes work to make Indiana and
fucking Jones boring
what do you think of Indiana Jones as an
archaeologist as a plunderer do you
think that's thief he's definitely a
plunderer
the morality of like stealing the
ancient cultural artifacts of other
cultures they didn't know they didn't
know better back then I would think yeah
I I don't think if you have if you have
one then I must have the same one fine
you know obviously we have some kind of
accident any I don't think of you as
talking badly than I do
just curious well whoever said think
that they're digging mind Midwestern
accent thank you I do my best
so
she talked like somebody from Fargo I
don't work Fargo was at North Dakota or
something like North I think like normal
don't you know we have a different
accent and I really can't do it very
much Chicago yeah then from the Chicago
area and so is rich yeah yeah no suburbs
far south suburbs yeah not to be
confused with the south side of Chicago
which people historically think of as
being gobbles job fair view I've met in
my lifetime approximately one person who
talked like that
of course he was well the thing is like
the doubles the Bears thing was like the
south side and the south side you know
third for decades now is belittling
black people and Latinos and now yet
some of its starting to gentrify that
whole group of people who were like you
know polish and German descended people
who had the de Barras accent they just
burst a long time ago they're red and
you know far and white and the suburbs
and out and and they moved to Florida to
retire I difference between the Chicago
area accent and a and a Milwaukee accent
but I hear I know they like the same
bubbler instead of water fountain which
is the weirdest fucking thing I've ever
heard my entire life but they do it and
they see nothing weird I've heard of
called water fountains and drinking
gallons but not bubblers no I haven't
seen
bump bubbler they called the bother I've
never heard anybody say that I know that
big III know that there's like we say
pop and people and people in a lot of
places say soda people get uptight about
that even they just it's not just they
don't do it I think they get every when
you see pop I I knew this guy from New
York
my ex-boyfriend he came out this way
fifteen years ago no yeah long time
gonna probably more than fifteen yeah
more than fifteen nineteen new year's
time around 98 99 but he was from New
York exceed was from Long Island I
remember his mother was telling Rutger
Hauer was on Rutger Hauer and he sounds
like a drawing time yeah he was grateful
but huh oh yeah I guess at the time I
probably would've been happier if I got
to dump him but you know I'm glad that's
over with he wasn't sure he was kind of
crazy too but I'm not a good way but um
anyway he came over here and he went to
we went to Cub Foods because that was
when Cub Foods was still around here in
the Chicago area and they have the Isle
of the carbonated beverages and it said
pop on the sign any picture of it rich
is plain weird
yeah and I'm apparently stuck in here
not sure how to get out it just kind
hearted rich is good to be kinda scary
animals yeah and large animals and human
animals yeah yeah I'm kind of multiple
types of enemies solid popping can
though good
yeah do it I think the one I think is
funny is it like in places like Texas
they call it coke even if it's clear mmm
wait it was clear I'll have a call what
kind would you like we have 7up Orange
Crush yeah I mean here it you might say
coke but if you could say coke you mean
brown something brown
you mean Coke Pepsi RC you know I'll
have a coke is Pepsi okay not I'll have
a coke
would you like a 7up and Orange Crush
Orange Crush is that coke coke is brown
what what annoys me though is when I go
to our restaurant and I asked for a coke
and they say well it's Pepsi okay
and I just want to I just want to say
whatever and they'll still ask me yeah
like I love a diet I don't care which
one I don't care if it's coke I don't
care I don't care right
or you know some other species well she
she legitimately gets uptight about what
you like weirdest fucking thing okay so
we definitely have to make sure that if
she comes over here nothing sexy yeah I
[Laughter]
[Music]
love my sister but now she's nuts what
you're saying she's the second sainted
sister she's the middle sister yeah
she's a nice girl she's just oh yeah but
she is some extreme I he's the one who
remember than interrogating yep I just
meant to bring them up you tell the
story yeah I'll start I don't know if I
remember it exactly right but we were
talking about all of the Nintendo patent
their patent expired after 20 years or
seven years and whatever it is their
hardware patent I mean it's different
from the whole copyright thing on their
software in games the hardware patents
expect right the patent expires anybody
and their mother are perfectly free to
make more of them you know so you can
see around you know in video game shops
or whatnot you can find hardware that
will play nes game well because because
as a society we have decided that you
know after X amount of time you know
that these things shouldn't be eternal
and at some point everybody should is
society - but thanks to the Mickey Mouse
Preservation Act it's like the
corporation it's like a hundred 25 years
their wisest like the life of the author
Plus 70 years or 90 years or something
but anyway you can make Nintendo
hardware there's nothing illegal about
it you can buy units that will play NES
cartridges all over the place and rich
and I were talking about about some of
these things some a little play Nintendo
games and Super Nintendo games yeah NES
on a chip exactly it's wonderful and and
we said something about it and his
sisters like well that's illegal
we said no it's not because the patent
expired on the hardware and she's like
it's not illegal well it should be
remember this is this is a woman who
white choice became a Mormon by choice
this is quite as bad
there's David Cassidy wait scooby-doo
does somebody see scooby-doo is coming
to Lego oh my god I would is it gonna be
a is it gonna be a Lego game cuz then
lose your shit I would totally lose my
shit not only would I have to buy the
game but I would have to buy the
merchandise and the clothes and maybe
the soundtrack here
oh dear God as you as you as you ship
the ocean the Book of Mormon I kind of
wonder about it it was like like his
special glasses and the angel
translating and stuff do they put that
to music they they taste the route of
what's the name of the city in Illinois
it's got a weird name oh they tore out
of that that town in Illinois and they
chase them out of a lot of towns this is
what I ended up in Utah it's a weird
town in Illinois did they chase them out
of there set to music
do they like kill Joseph Smith and bring
him younger whatever set to music and
then lose a Salt Lake set to music the
Book of Mormon the music will or is it
just about like like Jesus and Indians
hanging out or something Nauvoo Illinois
I didn't while there I knew it was in my
head somewhere yeah I have no idea what
the Book of Mormon Mormon play is all
about
you hate Illinois Nazis are there like
and there might be some in southern
Illinois
I'm sure there's some oh that's nuts oh
brother seems just like a saying that
you know people will know we're not
seasoned this
it's a navoo I think actually I think
it's a vu with a V and a vo it's where
they somebody is making a reference to
some kind of accessories set but now I'm
making a reference to a place where they
Mormons originally settled in Illinois
and where they have developed a temple
in recent decades
people because people know that I am an
atheist but just to clarify you do go to
church correct yeah so I don't I don't
hate on everyone whose religious other
may disagree with me but I I think it
shows a somewhat of a lack of faith in
God when you think it's entirely up to
you to convert everybody else I think
God's got it I I say I think God can if
God wants to convert the rich she's
perfectly capable of doing it before or
after his death give your best shot it's
a good barometer for my sobriety whether
or not I I'm willing to let people pull
me into discussions of religious
conversion and stuff but I'm you know
I'm open-minded I've got friends who are
Christian and friends who are Jewish
political II correct way of people say
they figure there's elephant people
that's if they say agnostic there's a
day I don't know rather than saying I'm
pretty sure there isn't because they
don't want ya know I'm and I you know
I've known people who are behind kind of
little known will be a Catholic wedding
technically I am yeah I had no choice
the it came like confirmation time and I
got into like a three-day long argument
with the family about it I didn't want
anything to do with it I I wasn't a
believer I knew I wasn't a believer and
you know you think that's the ultimate
thing that really should be your even
that's the whole point of the ceremony
you choose to be yeah I believe yes I
believe right
and it was like a three-day argument
eventually I relented because I swear to
God I thought my grandmother was going
to have a heart attack
there's a guy fine rich so it was a
complete college it is a shotgun
confirmation other pictures that also
against my will how does signed up for
that right I don't know
this practice like address right like a
little girls dress bra which your altar
boy costume rock that koala frog
practice of undergarment particular well
okay anyway yeah I want to see you and
your little altar boy attire hey I'll
ask my brother if he has old photos I
don't even know of any old photos exist
but if they do you were usually hope
you're kind of a funny lucky baby and
that one bit funny funny-looking baby
cute kid no ugly ass adult oh god yeah
okay you get I don't think he was a sexy
altar boy he was like a cute little
innocent altar boy and as far as Rich's
afterlife I don't believe it's not what
the son of the father said that's not
you right
so you know what then we're talking
about my atheism but apparently
apparently I am a true believer it's
true believer in what I I got enough
coins in Lego Marvel oh it's a Stan Lee
thing if you're gonna know if you get if
you get a set amount of coins you you
get it says true believer and then your
coin thing flashes and you you you it's
like it's like it's like getting over
par and in golf or under par okay how do
i what am I supposed to do next there's
the thing I'm obviously there's
something I'm supposed to do this thing
for any other sport besides golf where
you you want to get the lowest score
possible
Scottie
I'm not sure what that would be though
yeah I don't know either
that's a good question no sucker you
want a high score you want to score
goals are you sure you think they almost
never do I'm assuming they don't wants
to sarcasm first of all you're digging
at me I played soccer in high school I
think it was a four word dissipate in
that sort of thing
scoring so all right what am I supposed
to do
sorry Ken I'm kind of internet impasse
in the game was there something I can
build here darts you try to get try to
get more points of darts you get it's
like a set number of them I don't
necessarily know that it's a low score
it's like you what you don't you want to
get as close to but you don't want to go
under or over X amount of points
everybody's saying that yeah you know
okay
motorsport I I don't know how they score
that yeah who know is a good example
Russian Roulette yeah it's only one
point you have we don't want to get it
you have to get zero
the Stanley I don't know it's it's hard
to explain it's it's a game but it's
more of an experience than a game you
have to get zero under I'll show you
I'll show you some time I'd stream it
but honestly everybody the Stanley
parable is something you should probably
just experience on your own you don't
want to watch the stream and spoil it
see if I talk about the Stanley parable
okay we'll just spoil shit and it's a
game you don't want that for if you go
to steam
there is a free demo
for the Stanley parable check it out
it'll give you an idea of what the
Stanley parable about a shower do nine
months well I get it I get it I mean I
don't yet it goes around and that
amniotic fluid but it's not like they
change that stuff out every day what
types of music do I like I like classic
rock I like them that what would be
called Americana I like me some John
Prine and had some some Gillian Welch
and and you know the usual classic rock
stuff but they play on the usual Clear
Channel stations I like the you know the
90s alternative stuff that I grew up
listening to I like old country but not
so much the more recent stuff I don't
know what I'm doing here this is bad I
like some reggae now and again Rock City
completely stuck in this game I don't
know I hate I hate bebop and Rocksteady
yeah and you don't like Bob Marley
either it's somebody did that somebody
did I somebody leaked me yesterday oh I
like Johnny Cash rich even like Johnny
Cash hurt like hurt I want some of the
stuff I don't know everything I made has
ever done is he making yep cuz he old
that that's good a big night ourselves
ways or way more like like you you know
you can easily believe that Johnny Cash
has been hurt
whereas Trent Reznor he was like what 24
I heard myself what do you have a point
about you're a rich boy star it's just
it's just it just annoys me
yeah but yeah I don't know what happens
to do isn't like I'm starting a fire
though the one that everybody jokes is
supposed to be a preparation age
commercial jingle for sure well I don't
think that's a joke I think his widow
had to stop talking happening after he
died they wanted he is that's what I've
heard
no though the Ring of Fire preparation-h
boy named Sue has a special meaning for
me my grandfather's nickname was Suzie
he was a big fan of that song hello dad
before before my mom's always talked
about it oh speaking of Bob Marley and
yeah he isn't the I'm sure he's not the
best ringer he's the best known I like
his legend album I don't like everything
he's done but I like some of it and the
the anyway somebody leaked me recently I
haven't had a chance to listen to the
whole thing but it's a reggae version of
Radiohead's Ok Computer
I love radio on it and it that's fuckin
genius did his wife die first
I don't know Johnny Cash's why I think
she did like June Carter Cash whatever
name was he did three albums after he
died well it's just sure I'm sure Bob
Marley's had many more than three albums
after he's died Kurt Kurt Cobain's put
out a couple to
don't know what I'm missing here oh wait
there we go I thought I jumped on that
already in any case I think I figured
out what I need you to present a live
album the live unplugged album is the
best album devon has done yes I think I
think we've even talked about that
before yes I like your other albums -
but unplugged as the legend is a
compilation so what's so what's the
other one oh I'm natural mystic that's
when I was trying to think of it's got
that song time will tell on it that's
just beautiful the ones got the lyrics
you think you're in heaven but you're
living in hell it's so pretty you you
know far more about music than I can and
I have a good mind filler because
somebody says that her vinyl I think
nirvana is unbearable unless they were
saying that that the other ones they had
the uh so had the the muddy banks of the
wish Co which wasn't as good it's also a
live woman yeah incest aside is not the
best album I like their meat puppet or
not meat puppets they have Vaseline
covers on there the Vaseline is album
actually this is font - and so is the
meat now it's album that not that album
not not me folks - that's my favorite
lyric I can't think right now there are
a lot of songs that I love I really love
jerk and Thom Yorke's song I've seen it
all you know with part where she's she's
just world weary and he goes in it to do
I hadn't even have you ever been to
Niagara Falls she goes I've seen water
its water that's all I did you know like
standed don'ti a song or something
you know uh songs with good lyrics I
like John Prine John Prine lyrics rattle
i-i'll of the song angel from Montgomery
so good I'm just gonna I'm gonna update
people who weren't here earlier the
voice you're hearing is will find rich
Evans I think most people here know that
the other voice is my fiancee is carrot
[Laughter]
now didn't you see Marilyn Manson where
they were starting to be a thing when
they were on their Antichrist they were
just starting it wasn't before cuz I
remember when you when I glad they were
as light in case you mean they were like
medium sized venues I saw him two nights
in a row in Chicago and Milwaukee and
that was that was for their Antichrist
Superstar tour and you know they put out
it right but I think tiny or isn't it
you know I mean maybe a thousand people
opacity you know they would think they
were small venues this was back in oh
goodness
mid-90s and mhm they put on a really
good show you know I mean they just had
you know good stage craft it just it was
fun I liked it
I remember I remember you were playing
was really loud my ears were ringing
like vault eyes my ears were ringing all
night long I really probably should have
wear ear plugs
do I like Weird Al Yankovic hell yes
rich and I saw him in concert the friend
of ours at yeah there was a Navy Pier
and he put on a great show he had on a
fat suit and all kinds of stuff you know
oh god yeah it wasn't young actor but
every fucking song was a costume change
I thought the man was gonna die when he
danced to the fact he didn't help not
though it's too bad about his parents
how - he heard about that right they
both died of fire
yeah few years that wasn't that like I
know he he he before him like they're
like the day after because he felt
obligated something weird to your story
you know if it makes you feel better to
keep on keepin on than keep on keepin on
but I think
will understand if you cancel them or
their parents died of fire but yeah yeah
oh my god I like I was a hopes how long
and after I don't know
he died from co2 co2 is carbon dioxide
you kind of like steel carbon monoxide
that's usually where people die oh well
something like that yeah it was probably
carbon monoxide which is not co2 @co
not to be a pain in the ass you can die
for these Co is is the one it's all
toxic yeah carbon monoxide yeah see oh
we weren't going off that whole time but
I've known Karen since we have a joke we
weren't a couple bad guys I don't know
use no pain actually the first time I
met her was a gym class sophomore here
this is this little I'm agree I remember
you heavy well the way I'm sure I saw
you alone we live here in high school we
weren't friends but our friends we were
we just didn't have any more answers
together friends were our friendships we
really should have been closer and known
each other better than we did our
friends overlapped extensively but we
never really had any classes so we never
really got to know each other that much
until after high school but we were like
you know orbiting you the same yeah yeah
whatever we did hang out oh yeah library
yeah I was just a Jane of all trade I
liked everything I was done that it was
in the newspaper and I played soccer and
I did multicultural Club and this that
yeah I tried to stuff it all in
I liked high school I hated the school
before I split but I enjoyed high school
one out yeah
a lot of people might feel that now we
weren't highschool sweethearts who would
have made good sweethearts but yeah they
were so sweet friends or friends ago are
all friends well you know we've always
got along well with each other's friends
you know rich rich and I are similar
kind of people we were both kind of
bleeding hearts soft touch people you
know we were both we both the said the
same thing is I think we're each the
same as people yeah yeah we both have
friends who are work said church than we
are for sure but all of her friends are
nice people we get along with each
other's friends we like we both like
geeky things we don't like all of the
same kinky things but there's definitely
overlap that all the red letter media
noted the same is good enough yeah I
mean me and Mike dick J&J; grew up and
Rockford yeah but I spent his whole
childhood in Rockville but I know
Rockford yeah I assume he's from around
here original doesn't he certainly
doesn't have any kind of accent that
would suggest that he just moved here
from Texas or something he right he's
been there the whole time I've bought
him
Jax confirm crazy somebody's let's Jack
seem standing up to me I think so is my
yeah and so is Jack well certainly
certainly out of everybody we knew in
high school yeah everyone we knew in
high school yeah they're all nice people
by the way I decide to talk about
anybody from high school yeah change
names I've made that up I've made that a
point if I'm talking about somebody
who's not been on camera yet I like my
other ex ex ex Jay are like your friend
Linda who's who's very neurotic and and
had that friend Betty who stole her her
boyfriend yeah the worst thing that a
friend of Mines friend who was never my
friend
we're get into that in a second Betty
what Betty had was having a romantic
issue with her online boyfriend and and
so Linda decided that she would play
relationship counselor and next thing
you know Linda has stolen Betty's man
and is telling Betty about their sex
life but how good it is yes Oh your
boyfriend by the way he's a good leg
dude to get out she could teach you
friends with the ship I have no idea
where she goes small window her
self-esteem present Betty well Jeff
Manorville the offended party had no saw
a party later went to the other ones
wedding with a different man actually
and the offended parties mother was like
oh you going to the wedding and I said
nah and I'm always really nice but I
just said no I don't like her
she was she was horrible remember you
remember we're playing Trivial Pursuit
and I was teamed up with a bitch and you
were teamed up with with Linda whatever
and she wouldn't listen to any of my
answers and they were always right no
remember that well I think I think the
answer is such-and-such and then she
would she would answer something else
something I was right and it happened
over and over and over again and even
though I was technically losing I was
smiling on the inside her father was
like a teacher or something and I think
she thought that she was like always
gonna be in every case the smartest
person in the room and it's like you
know you're pretty smart hey you know
you were at least her equal and I think
she just couldn't grasp that you know
hey she's a smart girl but she's not the
smartest girl in the entire world
certainly doesn't know everything and
she was just totally unwilling to to
take any suggestions from anybody else
the idea that other people might know
things she didn't know you know that
necessarily more or less but different
things yeah okay I just remembered she
was saying that she was playing some
game with somebody and like they had
never played it before she showed no
mercy oh that was weird playing Settlers
of Catan for the first time is you me
and it was you me and Betty and Linda
and I was I was winning and and
she was just like manipulating you to so
she could win against me I guess you two
weren't that familiar with the game and
she was she was she was mid Shaney she
was definitely being Shady
I didn't know high school Mike high
school Mike I'm sure he was your typical
16 year old boy I didn't really know
they were buddies they used to they used
to make movies with with like talking
fruit and stuff for our class those rich
was an art class nerd
I took art senior year I don't know why
I didn't take it more I mean I loved
that class but I finally took it I
shouldn't take it for 4 years I mean the
weather was nice they just let us go
outside and draw oh what's that - like I
know worst thing in the morning and I
would just hang out and draw and you
know I'm not a terrific artist but I'm
good enough that I don't embarrass
myself you know certainly above the 50th
percentile and the ability to just draw
things realistically so it was fun
I really should've taken it more and
riches rich isn't very good visual
artist but I would see you certainly but
the game is not letting me build the
thing I need to build up or when when
you were I was not about anyway when you
were you're very creative you've got a
warped sense of humor and with your
intent when you're in practice you're
probably probably
oh there's a scent of a cabbage
population and ability to draw
realistically would you agree with that
that that when you're when you were in
practice that you were probably in the
top 10% of people even skill for drawing
realistically I mean not not the top
thousandth or you know let's have 1% or
something but you know you're they're
pretty good yeah drawing people drought
you do have you did a drawing when
tested for a class that was like half
moose and a half Amur that I was just in
love with to answer a question in the
chat see if it's the same Betty and
Linda from the pizza story and actually
for that story you have to reverse
Finland actually Betty wasn't involved
as Linda the one who was the wounded
party and another white friend story it
was kind of was kind of the edge and a
pizza story yes Rory was you know with
if you ever have a bunch of people over
and you're getting pizza and people are
talking about what ingredients they want
just the Chiefs everybody will eat
cheese because the otherwise it's like
trying to do some kind of weird
mathematical equation yeah we'd like one
that's
there's pepperoni and sausage 118th
pineapple and sausage one girl said I
just want cheese and we said okay we'll
order some that's just cheese and then
another girl was like well you know I'm
gonna die if I don't have somebody
that's hey about it so we ordered some
with ham ID for her and she won get to
Sam it was pineapple she won eight the
key is that she had to have ham and the
other girl said please I just don't want
anything out and and she she didn't even
touch the one she wanted cheese and the
other girl said you know what I just
want cheese so you know if you ever have
a bunch of people over my advice is that
Jack sounds different Jack had a sex
change and a name change now Dexter you
have Warner oh sorry I thought you were
like shocked oh my god but uh yeah
so but yeah you know if you ever have a
bunch of people over I like pineapple on
pizza and I like mushrooms on pizza and
I got a plug in my tablet
kro care like battery juice let me plug
in okay let me plug it in over there
sometimes it doesn't like the other
charger air all right now it's plugged
in London
