Episode 275
Lego Marvel Super Karen & Rich (Part 3)
June 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRcSZgdC09Q
___________________________________________

if ever can you say just say it's true
we really just it's true we really do
okay that I don't think I have no idea
what I'm free
no no I that's fine that's fine
laughs I didn't just say I you know I
eat babies or I know sacrifice kittens
to the spaghetti monster or something
okay you know what the black part of
this game is run why that game is being
halted little Lego Ironman here the best
part of that game is smooth being Hulk
and smashing things and they fall apart
into a big shower Lego bricks but I'm
flying
yeah those lots of games where you fly
how many games do you get to base
Incredible Hulk smashing things and
turning them into Lego brick this this
is a pretty good flying actually I'm
gonna say all said and done this game
does superhero flying justice it's it's
a flight suit
do you have what did you decide to do
about your axes like remember you were
talking about how you're used to punting
mm-hmm Oh flipping I flipped I flipped
to what most people consider maman
explain to them what you're talking
about because they're probably confused
they probably think that you'd like went
gay or straight or something but no
think they know they don't they used to
play it like in real accumulating no
dial up is down why yeah
you Karen say oh my oh my nothing to
gether you got doing like oh I should be
ashamed because that wasn't as high
pitched as I am when I do it
Thank You Elvis tells us he says we're
great together or wonderful well yeah
we're totally awesome together we're
total nerds together yeah and we we
agree and agree to disagree on religion
we see eye to eye on politics
we're both Sox fans because you know
around the Chicago area people do people
who aren't from here may not realize
that Sox fan to Cubs fans it's like a
red state blue state thing it's like a
mixed nerve there's no coexistence no no
both nobody cares is both we went to a
Brewers Cubs game and rooted for the
Brewers anywhere like a wave of way from
Chicago as soon as they hear we're from
Chicago they go Cubs suck and we're like
we know so now I'm gonna from anywhere
that's not near Chicago I make sure that
I wear Saxton
because everybody is like oh you know
you're from Chicago you must be a Cubs
fan know this the Statue of Liberty just
like matter didn't use me Michael those
minifigs are they've got some awesome
ones wait which one's what they've
they've made some odd think they have
her they've got a lot of awesome many
things now like you know the collectible
ones I mean Hulu
Oh awesome okay you know what's the
singing the maestro it's name is
saluting me because I'm trying to think
about it I think like something a
Hawaiian like a hula hoop but no dancer
I've actually never read any of you know
what I'm guessing a lot of people having
just a lot of what I'm guessing a lot of
haven't it's like I got a turn in my
geek card solo that would be awesome
I would love a clue lobe you have like
its head on one end or the whole thing's
green and has tentacles coming off of it
but those would stick things and you
could call it a Cthulhu whoo and an old
wad butter it old wand you didn't play
this game much no I did did you ever get
that flick free run around the city in
the hole what's that black and white
things I'm just wanting to know no it's
I saw a thing on Facebook where it said
Beetlejuice - is that just something
somebody made or they actually make a
month Photoshop are they actually making
a sequel and if they are does it have
Michael Keaton well they couldn't do one
without Michael Keaton I further talked
about making one I don't know what your
sequel thing coming out
I don't care I don't care at all it's
not a Ghostbusters movie it doesn't have
Harold Ramis dan Aykroyd and Bill Murray
in it it's not a Ghostbusters movie I'm
still curious about it hmm that's fine I
don't know that I don't know if that's
anywhere near being done but I totally
don't care we're gonna name I don't know
what you get 8 yeah like I just hope
picks up a thing he's like some kind of
big build up yeah I know I know I know
these hopes on a rampage it's great also
do ya yes I think they made another lego
indiana jones to italy pocket everyone
he pisses to i played through the first
one
have you played Incredible Hulk ultimate
destruction rich long time ago I mean my
time video game as much no chance is
relatively limited I mean I do know not
to be some kind of gender stereotype but
yeah I'm not a huge gamer I like you
know some of the old 8-bit games I like
casual games I like sandbox games you
know imagine imagine Grand Theft Auto
with the Hulk and you can destroy any
building if that's what you want to do
they need to make another Crazy Taxi do
they I mean they've kind of they've kind
of done what Nate everything they can
with crazies and the best they could do
is no but they could make it you know
like you can kind of go underwater and
you can kind of go in the subway they
need to have like more places where you
could explore and pick people up maybe
cross at the sound
okay that sounds insane this crazy taxi
zombies yeah try to rescue people from
zombie you can pick them up before the
zombies can get on I don't I don't know
I know a lot of people complain about
zombies being played yeah yeah thank ya
are you still watching The Walking Dead
oh I don't mean to sound like a wimp but
I stopped watching it because it gave me
bad dreams yeah really
I see me I got tired of always dreaming
about most of the work like nightmare
nightmares exactly maybe they were more
sad like I dream that you were infected
with zombie germs and stuff you know
it's like the pace of ego that's so much
that I was terribly afraid that zombies
we're gonna get me right now but like
you know yeah
so I kind of stopped watching plus it
got like so violent it's not that I
think that you know violence in movies
is gonna ruin us all or something but it
was like to the point where you know
like you watch them like 50 zombies
gonna get a pike through the eye socket
each episode and it just gets kind of
that's it wait well you you know you
could certainly watch it I've seen the
first three seasons incomplete for I
think it was three in their entirety I
can't tell you why I haven't watched
past the first few episodes I like
zombies I like the show some reason I
haven't watched more than the first few
dates you know it's okay I haven't seen
Breaking Bad everybody tells me it's
great I think you ain't told me it's
great I just haven't done it yet
I want to know I wanted to start
watching it won't happen to us I'm like
everybody says this is what are we
watching time one less less time we went
out of watching bin it was we watched
like all of Gotham that was none current
yeah yeah well I can sit there and binge
watch something all day you can't do
that you can't you can't do more than
like two episodes at a time know what
That's not me at all I can sit there I
can sit there and watch I know
stop I don't even know why half the time
like I still haven't seen all the weeds
but I haven't Oliver laughs yes
sometimes you I don't you why not show
and I I I keep thinking I well one of
these days I'm gonna watch it I just
never do probably gonna die with all
this stuff I meant to watch it
hmm I watched a few episode of war just
a new black I thought it was decent I
haven't really watched anymore yeah I
have to see you near that we had heard
mixed reviews yeah mixed white you heard
all that or but where have you heard
somebody where have you heard somebody
say anything bad about that shot I'm the
only one I know that said I still liked
the show but I'm the only one I know who
said anything negative about that show
people hate so this is my online geek
Lily friends or much bigger geeks than I
am yeah I mean I'm a small time geek
what do they say bad I'm curious what
their complaints were I don't remember
parent contrast but I know it wasn't all
positive I didn't really paid that much
attention or understand exactly what
their references to things were because
I hadn't seen any of them how about if
you want Asian Peggy Carter no I like
that her name is they call it agent
Peggy Carter not just agent a harder
harder yeah but her name is tank okay
okay she's the one she's the the old
timey Captain America I love it I beg
you right now as a Second World War
late forties yes okay
she has a cameo on The Avengers 2 yeah
did you see that CD yet I I heard I
heard a number I didn't say I refused by
and I heard one review that said you
shouldn't watch it sober
which I assume was a bad review my final
opinion is fine I didn't love it more
than anything that was entertaining the
kind of thing that if my goodness is one
if one of my girlfriend's wants to go
see it I'm cool with that otherwise I
can also wait until it comes out you
know red box or something - it's
something I got to see admittedly is you
know I really want to see that picture
it makes suck but I really want to see
that Pixar movie I'm really looking
forward to that with the girls emotions
I think you're allowed to like Pixar
movies I don't think anybody walked it I
mean that one it seems like a cheesy
concept but I'll bet it's cute well it's
Pixar though hey lately they've they've
kind of lost in touch oh I'm the bay
backs
I'd say well it's a Pixar movie but that
I don't think there is the same way to
do big hero six five years ago but up
was fantastic yeah that was that was a
long time yeah I had to pull up my
mother I was talking about you know
squirrel my name is Doug do you know and
I've just met you and I love you and she
didn't get the reference I haven't you
seen off and she said no and I'm like
you need to see off I pulled that video
of course she thought dog was cute
because Doug is adorable I think they
they they captured the essence of
dogness there the way they captured the
essence of see Goldust and Nemo right
Frank right all of their Louie's are not
for me but yeah generally I still when I
see that it's Pixar I generally have a
positive and there's opinion of
something maybe we can forget it it's
it's still a brand that I think is
positive Association
they're not perfect but they think they
had Wally Wally was great
that was relatively recent I mean yeah
I'm probably like five years ago now or
something
hmm yeah exactly how did the smack
that's not that's not a recent what was
the what was the last good Pixar movie
up what movies have different since then
big big hero six brave is fine was all
right they did musters amplitude they
did have cars to was there other sequels
and they had like twenty or eighty six
and a half so sorry three I think
towards three three - for making an
Incredibles gonna do yeah I'll go see
yes because I love the animals one so
much I'm just saying I think Pixar's in
the fourth a bit of a slump but they've
got enough you know they have had enough
hits and they've had some hits
recently enough it's the movies that
weren't bad recently enough that I what
I see that there's a Pixar movie coming
out that I want to see it you know
unless I hear from horrible things about
it you know right when it comes out I'm
probably gonna see it in the air exert
versus DreamWorks you thinking I'm so
bad at remembering who does what Shrek
I don't know a bunch of shit Shrek it'll
go Coraline Coraline was great was it on
you saying it with Leica doesn't like
the ones that did what was that kid
ParaNorman her at home it was great
I love yeah I think so
and I love that that book who didn't
also like moving with the with the like
the mexican day of the dead people now
it came out last year around Halloween
I look it up but that that was quality
really liked it music composed by yadda
yadda yeah
it's a page
come on Rotten Tomatoes today what the
run Tomatoes page so I'll probably tell
me who it is
shadow saying book of why yeah oh here
we go I am DP that probably has it
directors writers stars animation
adventure well how did they tell you
they made it cast crew technical specs
release States box office business how
hard is it to find out what animation
studio made it very
Guillermo del Toro
is that that but who's the animation
studio who's the enemy Olivia who did
who did maybe maybe it was something new
was that by Warner Brothers animation
that was watching it was artistic genius
that's the best Pixar place really you
couldn't have gone before we left
it wasn't even The Incredibles
no it wasn't even ParaNorman which is
fucking awesome the way I said wasn't
even makes it something like The
Incredibles is lesser I don't mean it to
sound like that without containing any
licensed superhero it's also a good
James Bond you know still I think one of
my you want to talk about up animated
movies like I guess not really CGI
movies I think Roger Rabbit might be one
of my favorite of all time
oh yeah Roger Rabbit is existence
tonight so bad with names the Haskins
Robert Roger Robert Haskins Bob Haskins
whatever it was death by Bob Hoskins
husband's I mean he was from England
they had an English accent when they
interviewed most most famous for playing
murder for the Roger Rabbit role just
Bob Hoskins yeah I have so much respect
for somebody who can play that off like
he's interacting with another character
and he's you know there is no rabbit
they had it added later
well that's every more yeah Aaron let's
you can have two marbles human Biggs
Katherine the odds are one of them's
gonna be CGI for ya thank you I should
be a tool you know it's got a little bit
better but for a long time it was like
let's see how many schools we can have
no and it's like what about storing them
I mean you get when you get excessive
and you do things just because you can
it's a horrible remake of flight of the
Phoenix oh my god
why haven't since I haven't even
bothered with the remake because it
looks like there's a shootout babies are
like workers most of them work as plays
it's all about the character the
dialogue do you want do you want to well
do you want to sell the chat on the the
the Jimmy Stewart's I think Ernest
Borgnine that's hardy Hardy yeah you can
explain that Rudy these people because I
don't think crash in a small place right
and I think it's what the Gobi Desert
they're in the desert yeah there's great
and the one guy he has some knowledge of
and I'm not gonna spoil how he does how
he knows this or what not but he's he's
German and he's he's a very cold
calculating intellectual kind of guy got
glasses he's an asshole
he doesn't have basically people skills
but he knows the clash and they're
talking it they're like they're like you
know people are I don't want to spoil it
but he's calculating for how many people
if the planes gonna need to hold and
he's not even counting the people he
thinks they're gonna die oh well they're
gonna die anyway and stuff I mean he's
just you know we think I think this many
people will still be alive when I
finished this plane and we're gonna
build this plane and and and and then
there's Jimmy Stewart who was like the
let's go the emotional end of
and he's we're talking about flight of
the Phoenix yeah he's from Germany and
he's a German stereotype and and it's a
great movie it is just just great
yes it sings great hey man you shouldn't
see the remake because the remake sucks
because they just thought oh we'll stick
some CGI in it it's like it's like
they're gonna go and remake Arsenic and
Old Lace and put explosions in it just
because no this needs this drama needs
yeah I've seen which flight of the
Phoenix the flight of the Phoenix that
came out in like the 50s with Jimmy
Stewart and Hardy Kruger and the it's
original classic was one I'm pretty sure
this board nine comes up a lot for some
reason have you seen ours to make an Old
Lace rich yes that's it it's a movie
yeah what's the guy's name
the crazy guy he's our Laurie Peter
Lorre is a plastic raisi
yeah Mark Hudson right wasn't my cousin
in there but anyway it's a this guy goes
to his crazy aunts house and there's the
whole family is crazy and and the uncle
he's down in the basement he thinks he's
a Theodore Roosevelt digging the Panama
Canal and the ants are poisoners and the
and the cousin is a criminal who's got
Peter Lori's character to do plastic
surgery on them all the time a dr.
Strangelove remake I don't know I don't
want to know let me let me live in my
ignorance rich oh yeah yeah
matrix seems like a pleasant enough
place to live it's not perfect I mean
yes they had to make it a certain level
of sake they talked about that but you
know it's better than the level I'm
sucky when they're into the whole
reality thing so yeah let me have my
matrix
I'll explain this again because I think
I think I've talked about this before if
I was given the the red bill red pill
blue pill choice right which was told a
wish I think anyway I would take the
pill I think the red pill was the one
that made you see reality as it was and
the blue pill was where he woke up and
he you know was back in his normal life
okay I would have I would have taken the
red pill then I would have gotten to
Zion saw the this the slum with the The
Rave going on and I would have I would
have instantly regretted my choice and I
would regret it for the rest of my life
I would I would want the blue pill so
bad I would be I would be
what's-his-face who tried to sell me
I'll be back in the matrix yeah yeah I
mean yes it would be nifty if you could
I don't think you can take both holes at
work so I don't think it works that way
but you know you know it'd be nifty that
you can download kung-fu into your brain
in 15 seconds but not work
you'd rather have agent agent Smith run
your world a tinsmith that the actor he
did a good job mr. Anderson
I liked that yeah yeah but yeah I would
not wanna if the world is as fucked up
as it is in the matrix I don't want to
know about it if it's fuck if it isn't
as funny know if it's fucked up in the
same way that it is in the matrix then
the world's fucked up in such a bleak
aliens are enough I don't want to know
don't want to know
I'm like half paying attention again I'm
doing bad because I see we've become
gained circle we're talking about spoons
made of gallium and now we've gotten in
the matrix
now we're talking those pores yes I mean
you know there I guess there is no spoon
in real life I mean matter is a really
strange thing it's all weird energy
fields and attraction and repulsion and
every time they find a different
subatomic particle there's more
subatomic particles inside of that one
and maybe the whole universe is 2d maybe
the whole universe is inside of a black
hole so reality is pretty strange but
you know it's not even that's not even
touching string theory it's all very
strange so I guess there is no spoon but
it's convenient to agree that we're all
gonna pretend that there's a spoon
because otherwise they probably need to
lock up you know if you can't function
if you can't if you can't all agree to
pretend the same things about the spoon
then society kind of falls apart
Robert Rhoades and stuff
I think I showed you it before there's
up there's a scale of the universe thing
floating around with the were they gonna
do like the earth relative to this and
then the Sun relative the bigger stars
this this one was even more in depth
this one had like a some kind of flash
kind of program where you could control
it yourself you actually zoomed in and
out yourself and it started with a plank
link and then I went to you know the
good quark quark size of things and then
atoms and then it went all the way up to
the entire known universe and there is
so much space between the the the the
protons and the neutrons inside of your
atom which are so far apart from the
electrons which are so far apart there's
the Overlander it's amazing it's all
better yes yes there's almost nothing in
the universe yeah
and then you have like the distances
between the stars Jim but I was gonna
ask you do i I think I showed you that
once before I've linked to it my
facebook or something you know what that
program is exactly called where you can
find it because it's it's not not right
offhand and at the moment I'm actually
watching the internet on a Chromebook
which doesn't do Gotha so it might not
be it could probably do flash but it
might not might or might not be able to
but you at least remember what I'm
talking about
it was cool and yes the universe is full
of infinitely large and infinitely small
I mean you know we think we're
normal-sized and G blue whales are Big
Valley ants are small and ants think
we're big and whales think we're small
but it's so much beyond that I mean like
the nearest stars light travels at
186,000 miles a second through a vacuum
and spaces in your vacuum and and in the
nearest the nearest stars like you know
four light years away that's the nearest
one and there's like billions of them
yes oh that that book that are reading
you know disappearing spoon it was also
describing how atoms are built in the
Sun I guess like they were saying that
like you know how the Sun builds hide
hydrogen and helium you know in fusion
that's what makes the Sun do it yeah
thing I guess it makes it hot nuclear
fusion because because the gravity it's
not so big that it's fusing atoms of
hydrogen together so it's like a
constant balancing act between the be
desired the heat is it has to do I guess
with a the constant tension between the
heat and making the Sun want to expand
and the gravity making it want to get
smaller well I guess when when stars
yeah different stars depending on their
on their mass stop at different points
but the really big stars they build
hydrogen and helium and then they start
building things into lithium I guess
which is number three I think and they
keep going until they get to iron by the
time you know how like hydrogen and
helium it's it's like I guess it's I
guess would be called like an extra
thermic reaction it like gives off heat
well yeah I guess after iron there are
further reactions but
they lose heat they lose energy and so
so once again it gets to the point where
it's building anything other than iron
at some point the the outside force of
heat falls apart and and and the gravity
of the star it's just like very quickly
at thousands of miles an hour collapses
yeah and and that's where the heavy
realms get get built and then right
after it collapses it explodes super
supernova and there is how all of the
heavier atoms get dispersed which is
pretty cool so I mean yes we're made out
of start us and stars you may have
recycled old stars but I just thought
that was cool because I knew I knew that
you know all this stuff was built in
stars but they were trying to describe
you know how it works
I know science is great and there are
some great science podcast how do you
feel about the heat - right well on one
hand it sucks but on the other hand I'm
not gonna be here to witness it I mean I
guess I'm a little sad about it there
either way up sad about dinosaurs going
extinct
yeah you know I don't worry about it too
much
the way I don't lose a whole lot of
sleep over the fact that that the Sun is
probably someday going to scorch the
earth turn into a brown whatever I mean
I'm not very likely to be alive for any
of that I mean they keep trying to come
up with ways to extend life but even
with good extensions I'm not filthy rich
i-i-i would be extremely unlikely to
live to be 150 and nor likely i'm
probably gonna die when i'm 70 or 80 so
I'm not gonna be around that well what
what about what about this is just just
in theory here what about uploading your
brain into a computer would that work or
would it just like drive your brain
insane because it wasn't getting the
normal sensory inputs would that make
you go crazy because they you know I
don't know you know like when they put
the upper vation tanks and they start
hallucinating and shit would that happen
if you didn't have about
yeah well I'm assuming they they would
try to give you some way to expand
eunuch eight with the world you know
sound and stuff but there's a hun if you
can simulate a brain I'm assuming you
could simulate sight and sound whether
or not different philosophical argument
is whether or not that's actually yeah
whether or not you're a Saturn or
whether or not you're a ghost in the
machine
yeah yeah let's say they let's say they
can do that and you do you do live that
long you do live to see the Sun explode
would you still be you we're would it be
like the Star Trek transporter question
of you like like would you you might
still be you to external observers but
subjective what what was subjectively
you wouldn't have died and are you a
ghost in the machine or are you an
emergent pattern and what does that mean
so yeah I mean it's a good questions and
yes I suppose I might be worried about
the heat death of the universe if I had
achieved near immortality but I think I
was talking to you the other day about
our teacher was talking about activation
energy and potential energy and kinetic
energy and she was describing the
transformation notes of potential energy
is being a ball of top of the stairs and
the activation energy was pushing the
ball off the stairs and kinetic energy
with his rolling down the stairs and I
was like well I don't know the ball is
gonna end up at the bottom of the stairs
I mean yeah it's a depressing thought a
universe that's cold in life that's so
dark and still assuming there's only one
universe and that this isn't one little
universe inside of a black hole inside
of another universe but you know I mean
it's I'm not gonna be here somebody in
the chance somebody in the chat is
saying a copy is still still real yeah
copy is still real but is it still what
you think mean to be you that's that's
the question what again what is you and
it is none other than you care that it's
not your does anyone other than you know
that it's not you if somebody made a
copy of you in a transporter yeah I know
it horrifies me to digital random
do you even know do you
like they can see of you the the
emerging pattern or whatever review the
pattern as the wave has been broken or
something I don't know it's these are
you know good questions and I don't know
yeah the brain imagines itself is
something different from that yeah and
yes I mean our brains we are arguably
our brains and and what we think of as
our consciousness is possibly our brain
confabulating other processes that go on
that we're not conscious of I mean yes
but still the death of the universe and
it's very interesting to think about and
it's a little depressing but I don't
worry about too much because I'm not
going to be here or if I'm here I heard
a new a new theoretical variation and
the heat death of the universe yeah the
other day I remember exactly how it goes
but it's it's it's similar to heat death
he does this you know you're entropy
kind of takes all the energy in the the
atoms eventually decay this other thing
I heard I had more to do with space
expansion like space is expanding right
and it's it's it's not slowing down it's
getting faster right maybe some of them
have some theories about why but it's it
seems counterintuitive that it should be
speeding up and not remaining at the
same speed as as one would expect from
Newtonian physics well I've heard
another take on the quote end of the
universe where space speeds up faster
and faster and space starts expanding so
fast that eventually like gravity ends
up becoming meaningless because space is
expanding faster than gravity can hold
things together so first you know
because the galaxies are already flying
apart and if in theory space could have
started spending so fast that the stars
inside of the galaxy could start flying
apart so the galaxies all break up you
just got a bunch of individual stars and
then things get faster and faster
dimensionally even like the solar
systems start flying apart and then at
the very end uses universes expanding so
fast
the molecules and atoms than themselves
fly apart from each other faster than
the speed of light and you have an
entire universe full of just isolated
atoms or subatomic particles or yeah and
you know I mean as a general rule I
think straight out dirt pocket
see I don't I don't know you're educated
if they can't if you can't handle
straight-up nerd back - you know I like
science and I'm geeky but I'm not you
know I don't have a degree in a hard
science I'm not hardcore I mean you know
what I don't have the citations to back
everything up and whatnot but where were
we the atoms and - oh yeah as a
generalization the universe's are
flutter the galaxies are flying apart
from each other but you know like our
our Sun is orbiting a galaxy I mean
there's some orbits going on and no DMT
he's in podcast I'm completely sober but
you know like thank the earth the Milky
Way galaxy is supposed to collide with
the Andromeda galaxy but supposedly is
supposed to result in little or no star
collisions because they're that far
apart from each other you know but it'd
just be exciting look at the sky during
that shit really Yeah right like you
know it's like molecules of sand borne
on the wind you know they just zip past
each other la-dee-da but his life of
loose nation who knows or we have
butterfly dreaming we're Lao Tzu or
something but uh do i do psychedelics no
I do not
I've thought about trying it but I
worried I would like have a panic attack
plus you know I don't really know
anybody who peddles them and don't
necessarily want to
by any so yeah no no Elysee or anything
like that but um it's not bad
indifference
there's something something something
else a i-i've heard recently and I've
talked about this before in the chat too
but how many how many universes do we
know of what ok how many simulated
universes like like computers are
getting better and better
wait what if but you say what our
universe is a simulation and somebody
else is there if you could if you could
simulate a reasonable facsimile of our
universe
how many simulated universes would there
be a bunch right more than the one level
universe one one one who would be bored
than the real universe yeah one real
universe sure no we know but computers
get fast enough and you can make a
reasonable simulation of a universe
there would there could be multiple
simulated universes so are the odds that
you're living in the real universe or
one of the simulations you would have no
way of knowing I mean I was you would
have no way of knowing but here's the
thing what are the odds
haha how do you calculate that you don't
know hard time doing it
I what are the I was just reading about
this lately Lander simulation and some
some smart person or other wrote a paper
speculating that we might be in a in the
matrix only there is no there is no
physical body hooked up to the matrix
you were just they were just no computer
like like that like like magic 2.0 did
we talk about the hello you're cutting
out I can't hear you
yes yeah I can pass out if you're
testing testing Basti take take it from
simulator universe magic 2.0 yep yeah
the books are mother they're written by
Scott Meyer and they suggest that that
these hackers at various times
independently have found it found out
that the
world as as they know what is actually a
program being run out of computer
no this isn't Rich's mom is a program
being ret being run on a computer and
they figured out how to hack it and they
all independently end up deciding that
they want to go to a limited number of
historical places and meeting up with
each other and it's humor and I probably
not doing it justice they're fun books
what's fun I mean we're talking the same
as the concept behind those books though
well reality is a a computer simulation
of reality oh I'm thinking I have not
read ready player one I've been meaning
to read play ready player one of course
if you know me I've I will probably die
next to a giant stack of books that are
leading the raid while I'm busy screwing
around the internet instead of what is
what is ready player one I remember
reading the the synopsis I actually got
it in my loot crate couple months ago so
I have a hard copy it's in paperback
format oh and I wanted to say by the way
disenchanted if anybody's interested in
that just get back to that it's
available right now on Amazon for 399
and if you own it in Kindle format right
now the audiobook is only two bucks and
it's like one of the better audio book
readings I've ever read heard whatever
yeah yeah okay that's that's the that's
the book cuz people people they haven't
been your certificate that's the book
about the king who who dies and he he
well he doesn't like under Denny was
right the afterlife until he lets go of
the sword and he can't let go of his
sword because it's cursed and he's
trying to find out how good okay lift
the curse but it's you
yes here's the ready player one here's
the synopsis in the Year 2044 realities
an ugly place
the only time teenage Wade watts really
feels alive is when he's jacked into the
virtual utopia known as the oasis
Wayne's devoted his life to studying the
puzzles hidden within this world's
digital confines puzzles that are based
on their creators obsession with the pop
culture of decades past and that
promised massive power and torch and
whoever can unlock them but when Wade
stumbles upon the first clue he finds
himself beset by players willing to kill
him to take the ultimate prize the race
is on and if Wade's going to survive
he'll have to win and confront the real
world he's always been so desperate to
escape so I mean I as far as I know I
think it's got like a lot of nerdy video
game 80s and 90s references which sounds
fuck right there mm-hmm
and it you know didn't pretty
well-received people like it sounds like
fun and I have it I just haven't ready
it I'm trying to go home
