Episode 276
Lego Marvel Super Karen & Rich (Part 4)
June 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubjckyB0uxI
___________________________________________

bunch of other oh fuck oh god oh shit
is it green you know we didn't literally
take a shit I mean he fucked up
something that was exceedingly simple he
had to throw a rock at somebody and he
missed by like a merrily don't be the
brightest fellow when he's both he's
kind of well technically in the comic
book soul has been sparked a number of
times I'm sure that I never I never
argued that a whole slew the smarter I
know that I'm a scholar or an expert at
much of anything a little knowledge is a
dangerous thing and I know a little bit
about a lot of things so I'm probably
dangerous elves
let's RPO somebody just he said the
probably only view our P I'm not sure
the great hearts are smart bet they may
be true I said I don't know I've never
actually read an Incredible Hulk comic
book it's not that I'm opposed to it
it's just that I
there are so many things that I should
read someday there's plenty of things
that I have read yeah
sorry with them focusing on the game
more than I should right now because I'm
trying to do this already just as lon
it might a modicum of concentrate any
player if he sounds interesting okay
or potentially hideous why aren't you
two in the same place Karen you need
help say zucchini is that like a magic
word in some movie no idea
pervert reference I have no idea I had
no idea what that is
and girls are come on a Planet Hulk
movie oh do you really do a whole movie
about Hulk too much I mean the dawn is
good well planet hoax like a weird thing
though Planet Hulk is see that the
heroes of the Marvel Universe decided
that the Hulk was too dangerous to keep
around so they trick him onto a
spaceship and they blast the bulk into
space and the Hulk ends up on an alien
planet where they forced him to fight in
their gladiatorial arenas and the whole
kid just kicks a whole bunch of ass and
then he becomes the alien king oh and
then because he's because he's mad at
the superheroes for sending him into
space the hope comes back to earth with
an alien army wanting to kick like Iron
Man's ass Oh
Kari takes over he takes over New York
might be good it doesn't sound
especially honest
I mean you know they have a lot of
explosions and those are entertaining
for about 10 minutes but I don't know if
I can watch two and a half hours of it
yeah yeah I'm not gonna diss it because
I haven't seen it but it doesn't sound
that good do I think Batman is going to
make Superman bleed I mean really care
that's that's the appropriate answer to
that question I mean yes sir man's got
more magic powers you know and stuff I
bet they can probably afford kryptonite
but you know because he's rich but
God Hulk your aim is terrible yeah New
York is always the target of an alien
invasion of Chicago is really jealous no
you know what they can keep the alien
invasions I can deal without that yeah I
think that's a plus like metropolis
last place I'd want to one the one the
one in Illinois no they were the one in
the comic books I would want to live in
Metropolis if I lived in if I lived in
Gotham I'd never know when the the Joker
was gonna just like gas the whole
goddamn City oh yeah sure I didn't get
transformers 3 which I haven't cargo got
turned in webs 3 I haven't seen her
oh that's yeah I don't know buddy hey I
haven't seen the movie and I eBay or
something I thought they put a motel
most of in the Lake Ontario or something
okay yeah
Theriot Vancouver Canada Vancouver you
got much better whether that's your
Texan know like Ontario is kind of like
us but Vancouver with that with the
ocean currents and whatnot they tend to
have much milder winters I'd rather you
know weather weather wise I'd rather
live in Vancouver to do stuff in
Vancouver let's get all candor this
great place
oh I got no problems in Canada I think
the United States is incredibly blessed
that we've got friendly neighbors to
both the north and south yeah
Gotham is part of Castlevania ah yes I
remember the good old NES Castlevania
games why is Gotham a part of
Castlevania yeah I uses me but I do like
gets paid whenever I hear the name
Vancouver I think of Mount st. Helens
did you listen Frank did you listen
Castlevania no but I do enjoying that I
don't know that you did
did you mention megaload mention Metroid
Metroid is nice okay I know you like I
know you like Metroid I know you haven't
played any other recent ones to these
games you know you know that you know
that makespan is like Cameron look at
you get motion you get motion sick yeah
which that sounds awful
Mario 64 did that to me at first
somebody saying that that it that
they're doing this that people are doing
stuff in Canada because of the favorable
exchange rates and that did make it
through yeah I know it's cost-effective
and then you know Canadians speak
English they're they're fine with
Americans coming over and stuff Anders
but also perfectly good reasons to have
stuff of candidate and Coover sounds
like a lovely place but yeah I do kind
of you know does Chicago does be revenue
with the stuff - yeah okay
not that I actually live in Chicago but
I orbit the greater nine million person
metropolis the Metropolitan yeah I know
I know there's probably a ton of people
confused about arrangements when I came
up here to Wisconsin to be more involved
in red letter media it wasn't it wasn't
at all sure that this would work out so
character doesn't come up here with me
she's still down within a family and
whatnot in the Chicagoland area so then
we were we were living together for like
ages eight years nine years something a
while enough and have plans to do it
again yeah hey you I saw the work I got
a I know I know
punch it more like this I'm really
punching that's like flogging I don't
know they're like taking one guy the
flogging other guys with it or something
[Laughter]
Civil War infinity Wars I have no idea
faced with video games don't I know that
there's you know you got to realize
Karen's a very recent kind of book
convert and I think you you probably
read more DC so no I I think it's cool
that there's I know you don't care about
the DC universes and there their whole
continuities and their whole everything
exist in the same universe is neat I'm
not well-versed in any of it nor do I am
I willing it is time to put in the kind
of time and energy other than like a
quick Wikipedia summary of all the
intricacies of how it all plays together
I I read like Batman 66 I read Squirrel
Girl
I read Saga and part of what I like
about those is they don't penalize me
heavily for being massively ignorant of
stuff that went out in other books
ten years ago I'm not against that stuff
I think that stuff it's cool that that
stuff exists but I'm not well-versed in
it and I know that there's you know
prices of infant something called crisis
of infinite universes I I don't really
know what that is I think it's what
they're gonna kill all the people in the
whole universe or something well that's
what DC did that a long time ago were
they they killed a whole bunch of
different universes so gonna be one DC
universe but then there ended up being a
bunch of ice universes anyway and then
there's another crisis reboot and then
they reboot is then after that then
every five weeks now DC add to the
universe and now Marvel is just about to
start doing that with Secret Wars so
this this past interconnected history an
injection one issue of Sandman it
sounded a triggy when I read the
description but it's on the long list of
to be read some days and I'm like
squirrel I'm easily you know things
easily jump in fact I'm very bad about
starting to read things and not
finishing them I'm always reading
something I'm not always finishing every
single thing I read and sometimes I'm
too busy screwing around on the internet
reading articles so right yeah but but
yeah I crisis of yeah I I don't really
have an opinion about it
all rights you know whatever whatever
floats everybody's boat I'm sure some
people love it some people hate it but I
the the books that I like most don't
really exist too strongly in that
universe they you know like the you can
read Batman 66 and just kind of over the
TV show from your childhood pretty much
got it and it's fun the kind of count
books lost me
for that I mean I was I was sliding out
of it for a while I guess but they lost
me for good with one more day which is
where spider-man
made a deal with the devil to end his
marriage because the editors didn't like
the fact that he was married and that
was the only reason it happened my
favorite rug sorry guys and that was
okay no my love of comic books began and
ended with spider-man and I I think
spider-man is cool but he's never been I
wouldn't you're not obligated to I mean
my childhood hero was scooby-doo I
wanted to marry boys and girls in very
rural and then people are going to marry
squirrels you know they make those kind
of arguments so it's like well I wanted
to marry scooby-doo what I was a
champion so I'm Way ahead of you there
you can do better you'd be dead right
now Great Danes don't live very long I
know you're gonna marry me but still the
dog in the talk is anything but uh yeah
and the Scooby Doo team upwards DC
characters and scooby-doo is actually
pretty well written and a whole lot of
fun if you're a fan of Scooby Doo it's
it's more its self conscious you know it
makes fun of itself and it's it's good
this could be do intelligent enough for
consent I never got the impression that
he was I think somebody is intelligent
does scooby-doo could get marry okay I'm
gonna say yes to a person you know one
of the arguments about like you know
people say like well you know we have
laws against say incest because we're
worried that the kids will be screwed up
if you marry a dog you really don't have
to worry about that because humans and
dogs are not genetically happy yes yes
you know people that other people have
argued well marriage is for procreation
but of course nobody stops people who
are infertile from getting married
so but you know what if somebody wants
to marry their cousin I got it assuming
I'm going to assume that worth we're at
the point where they could make
figure out if the child in the womb was
gonna have problems and then if they
were just having abortion I'm going to
assume science you know you probably
could get away with marrying dozen and
you wouldn't you probably wouldn't even
have to worry about the genetic problems
without assistive reproductive
technology I think that that while the
risk is higher you're talking about a
single mating between two close super
lated things one generation I think it's
the odds are actually in your favor that
the kid will be normal I think like when
you talk about like the Hapsburgs and
stuff you're talking about multiple
generations of close relatives you know
interbreeding which tends to make things
worse but I write back to scooby-doo I
mean what is the lowest IQ you think a
human being can get away with it before
they can't know the what if what if what
if somebody who's mentally mentally
handicapped because we can't say
retarded no we say but I guess that word
has offensive connotations for people
but yes people have intellectual
disabilities they get married if they
can get married somebody had gotten
better to get married documentary were a
couple of people with Down syndrome and
of course people with Down syndrome vary
greatly in their intelligence some of
them you know are are you know pretty
moderately handicapped and some of them
are you know kind of normal it's legal
for my q70 I'm sure that probably
probably varies with state yeah
seventy is considered that the cutoff
between normal and handicapped but yeah
I think you know if their Guardians get
permission or whatnot I think they
probably can to do get married and as
far as whether or not people let them
have kids or they're allowed to make
their own decisions about that a lot of
the majority of cases they don't even
know why people have that and I think
Down syndrome people tend to be suffered
or exactly
did whatever people who have it tend to
be infertile so I know I don't know I'm
certainly not against anybody's
happiness I have a very important
question here what what the fuck is
spike I'm just wondering the same thing
myself
those are like a likely Kalika to cloud
from super mario brothers it's following
him around
there's gotta be I think is these web
ads of those little projections that are
sort of amusing little Lego ropes that
Lego asks I cook people doing they have
assets I don't know I think Lego people
aren't they kind of like the way his
legs are going right now I think his ass
is like in the middle of where scratch
should be just don't know
I think I think it was in the first
issue of Howard the Duck where
spider-man has guest appearance and and
and if there's like the action took
place somewhere offshore at the end
spider-man swung back the shore on on a
convenient convenient helicopter
a convenient actually call that a
convenient helicopter that it's a space
tether maybe it's you know like like a
space elevator kind of thing like maybe
his web his web space something that's
in like near or earth like in
geosynchronous orbit at asteroid him
asteroid M that's some comic geekery for
you don't don't worry about it it's just
that's some severe comic degree going on
you need to read the Squirrel Girl it
was that the said word Galactus showed
up and and and she's talking to Galactus
and then her and Galactus go to a planet
full of nuts does she beat the running
the running joke with Squirrel Girl is
that she beats kind of reduce yeah
actually goes oh you were trying to beat
me up I thought you were shining my
shoes okay she she'd beat up she beat up
Doctor Doom and she beat up Bob Thanos
Thanos
I love Squirrel Girl I love the way she
like tucks her tail in her pants and
she's all proud of her big fat body
totally ADHD and totally unselfconscious
and totally goofy and totally
unapologetic I love her yeah I know I
knew you would that's why I recommended
it Squirrel Girl and MS Marvel though
they're two very modern people I love I
love them both
what about Great Lakes adventures did
you just read the those four okay
I read baby's good before that were
available on Marvel unlimited at the
time yeah I enjoyed it okay can I can
you hear me
yeah yeah I mean you're all hearing is
normal I didn't hear you for a second
but yeah yeah I enjoyed it but I there
were only like foresters that were
available on Marvel in the minute and I
didn't choose to purchase any additional
ones can't buy everything I'm interested
in them and really I've got other stuff
that I have that I haven't read like you
know Swamp Thing so well yeah yeah it
was okay and the Marvel unlimited thing
is nice in theory I just have like two
problems with it when it's just Marvel
and - it doesn't play very well on my
tablet and so you know it's a name-brand
Android tablet but it just I heard the
the iOS version of it runs a little
smoother but I'm not gonna buy an iOS
just so I can i OS device just so I can
watch the read Marvel unlimited things
Carville needs to get on this button
make its Android app work better and
actually we need to have an app that
will for one price will work with DC and
and W an image and so forth
the Ellen Moir run swampthing some
interesting stuff Alan Morrison is the
new 52
I enjoyed the Teen Titans one they only
ran about six issues but that was fun I
really liked the think of his name right
now leave the underwater kid if you will
t hunt Teen Titan guy I'm looking right
now but he's yes
Aqualad he was the best character and it
I thought 52 times really so something
if they can make aqua yeah he's just
kind of weird and quirky and I was
reading comics on tablets I like it I
like I have comixology and Aqualad is is
the the water guy from Teen Titans the
what's the name of those I'm blanking
out right now no what's the name of
regular reporter DC yeah he's like a
teenage Aquaman except that Aquaman
as teenagers how could you know Aqualad
and not know Aquaman because I'm Karen
wholesome talk but no I'm comic salad a
is is is and there are other ways but
you can you can also you know download
the PDFs Humble Bundle has a lot of
comic book deals where you can get PDF
versions image files of comic books drm
free you could buy them from amazon and
whatnot but but and for the Nook and
whatnot but you buy usually buy a
digital comic book and you can click on
each panel and it'll pop up a little bit
larger and it makes it easier to see
especially if you're you know using a
7-inch tablet or even a phone and you
just swipe and it goes to the next panel
and you know the colors look really
bright and vibrant and comic books are
printed on you know reasonably nice
paper and whatnot but when you're
looking at amount of backlit LCD screen
it's really pretty and really colorful
and really saturated and really smooth
and I like it I enjoy reading comic
books more so I think than on paper a
books you know when it comes to ebooks
there are things I like better about
ebooks and there are things I like
better about physical books but PDFs of
comic books yeah that you have to like
kind of pan to see different parts
unless you're looking at on a really big
screen
but yeah I mean they're in there there
are certainly advantages to trades and
the regular ones a no deathrun for a
videogame yes I have Super Mario
Brothers III try try those on
occasionally on I've the only game I've
ever done it with the original Super
Mario Brothers but I did warp I did use
the works I've never done it all the way
through all the five worlds in the
seventh worlds five whatever world seven
whatever some of those are really
freaking hard and I can just walk pass
it why would you want to walk past 90% I
really don't like I played in some
what's the point but it's like then that
means you don't like the game that's
that's the majority of no understand
what I was did you want to beat the game
okay that's that's understandable I'd
like if I ever saw it though taking a
warp zone and they weren't just
specifically going for a no death run I
would just feel I would feel so ashamed
for them okay and I really like Super
Mario Brothers 3 - by the way I think
they did that very well everyone my
screen yeah
do you like three old sorry yeah we're
pretty damn I like that you think three
is better and and the the one for the D
ass is really most
yeah yeah the new super marvelous well
no the one for the DS that's super
brother I think it's for the week this
is a Super Mario Brothers DSi think it's
just called I get I gotta find an excuse
to buy a Wii U however the show but
Nintendo does weird things with
copyright now it's it's it's hard to
it's hard to stream their stuff about
them having a finger yeah are they doing
that shit we're the only like release
some of the stuff and everything else is
downloadable content games stop
exclusive Oh every every game does that
know what I miss first like you can't do
like a YouTube video on a Nintendo game
without them having a 53 is a better
game world is more fun I I don't know I
you know I'm this stuff I'm old I'm
nostalgic for you know the Super Mario
Brothers was the first game that I ever
played for NES the first video game I
ever fell in love with and three I
remember when it came out just yeah it
was beautiful it was colorful and it was
fun and it dad you know just a fantasy
element to it
yeah like here's like a goofy dream I
wasn't trying to be realistic it was
like a cartoon that you could move
around it and to us you know doki doki
panick to us it's kind of fun it's not
really a Super Mario Brothers game
as I think I think calling it kind of
bums go ahead a bit far I enjoy it I
don't know as much the other yeah okay
okay now yeah the Japanese version of
Super Mario Brothers the the one that's
the Lost Levels so called you know
that's pretty hard
yeah look up look up something called
Super Mario frustration which i think is
something it's a yes those are made yeah
yes this is the word you would use what
would you call it
comical think it's it's it's the kind of
game for I don't know for Rain Man type
people to impress each other playing
speaking of which I watched a case
recently about Kim Kim no you don't know
the real rain brother the real peach
okay
you know documentary about the real
merry man he's an interesting fellow
he's you know he's got to get a yeah
rare brain abnormality he's actually
it's it's uh the features are autism
like I mean I think autism might be a
functional diagnosis and caused by more
than one thing potentially I don't I
don't think you have to have a
particular abnormality to be considered
autistic but he has a particular
abnormality that isn't shared by most
autistics a brain abnormality and I had
but an interesting fellow
unlike most of us he knew a lot about a
lot of things
ya know corpus callosum but uh you know
split plain brain patients don't have
that and he was rather remarkable new
person supposedly he could like read two
different things with both eyes and
stuff at the same time but he you know
he had like serious coordination
problems did his father's helped address
some F G syndrome yes it brings and his
father took care of them and his
father's biggest fear or father was in
his ad if his father's biggest fear was
that his father was then he was going to
outlive his father but actually Kim had
a heart attack and I you know I have to
say you know it was kind of an answered
prayer I mean what was he going to do
without his father alien alien hand
syndrome yeah freaks me the fuck out
where basically we're basically two
people in one head it just the illusion
of being one person just because to be
the corpus callosum well it's more than
that I mean they've suggested that that
when you think that you're making
decisions to do things your brain
decides these things self-consciously
and then the forward parts of your brain
go around trying to explain what you
just did that your brain is an expert
confabulate er that freaks me though
yeah it's the brain is a strange strange
place
I don't want to know more I like science
I don't want to know any more about the
brain okay
it was evidence it scares me what scares
me is the name of the book I was
listening to a an audio book about that
I'll find it but but it was pretty
fascinating about how the brain works my
audio book library your big place in a
small space he's saying the brain is
like a TARDIS really yelled at not that
long ago because I said there's
something that I just used the term you
know kind of clinically talking about
people who earn it who are
intellectually handicapped and I said
mentally retarded and somebody was like
oh my god it's the R word and I was like
I'm not trying to offend anybody I
didn't mean this I wasn't calling
anybody you know I wasn't criticizing
anybody I was just talking about the you
know the condition of you know having
limited intellectual capacity such that
it's a handicap or differently-abled or
something but you know let's face it any
pauses it limits people's you know thank
you I'm I'm not a super fan I'm not a
super big fan of making words off limits
it's that feels so 1980 Forrest and you
know they keep they go through the the
they all they go in and out each you
know they'll come up with another word
and then that word people will start to
you know people who start to criticize
people by saying they're developmentally
delayed you know oh you're stupid you're
developmentally delayed and then that
word will be off-limits and they all
mean the same thing and not having a
word you have to have a word for it and
I mean I'm good
many of these people are wonderful
people and love better look but they do
that live what you're doing
all right hello I can hear you can hear
me can anybody else oh my god yeah I can
hear you can you hear me fine I can't
hear you just fine Andy right now yes
yes I don't know what the weather it's
on you hey don't just this things happen
these things happen it's it's fine it's
not anybody's fault
don't worry about it it's not like it's
not like you did a bad thing because
your internet cut out a little bit and
the quality went down you should feel
ashamed that's not it doesn't work that
way everything's fine but you should
feel ashamed because you're oh really
interview the book loving girl has a lot
of audiobooks I never would have assumed
that they keep putting them on sale
really but I'm looking at some of them
when I'm like some of these I haven't
listened to you're finished
[Music]
well I listen to a book you might like
called the two little piles by Neil
deGrasse Tyson where they're talking
about I probably would that I love yield
about I see desired that Pluto it
doesn't get considered a planet not some
people trained I still won't give it up
they're trying to bring it back again
yeah that's going on out what's their
what's their excuse I don't know I mean
they're saying the argument that that
Tyson makes which is perfectly
reasonable is is that in order to be
considered a planet it has to be you
know made round by its own gravity
you know big enough to be round and
Pluto is big enough to be round and it
has to clear its orbit of you know most
I mean earth is orbited by a bunch of
little tiny pieces of this and that but
a pretty much clear de sorbets of you
know a good portion of the detritus an
earth is done so and right on down the
list you know the other seven have done
so but Buddha was not Pluto and Charon
and love that name by the way and you
know the other the other stuff over
there they have not cleared their orbits
see I I would take it further because
you look at mercury you look at Venus
and the earth and mars this those
planets are absolutely nothing like
Jupiter Saturn Neptune no and he
actually was talking about they should
they should be preserved
he was on two different categories that
you can you could are you could yeah
separate the beyond the solar system
what does it have it has a Sun it has
four rocky planets it has an asteroid
belt it has four gaseous giants and it
has a Kuiper belt you know right and
yeah and the what the Oort cloud or
whatever you know and you can break it
into districts sections regions orbits
and yeah that's it perfectly perfectly
valid
well you're breaking things up are you
great but if you're going to you know
and yes I mean the earth has here
there's nothing like Jupiter but if
you're going to if you're going to have
something called a planets he makes the
argument that perfectly good definition
for both within our solar system and
within other solar systems which aren't
necessarily just like us you know that
then in order to be a planet you have to
be ground and you have to have cleared
substantially cleared not a hundred
percent but you've cleared most of the
detritus out of your orbit and Pluto is
round but it hasn't cleared itself the
largest asteroid isn't even round you
know although the light of the largest
asteroid was originally trying to think
I can't think in a very nice where I'm
gonna
series it it was originally thought of
you know when they first discovered
they're like oh it's another planet yeah
hey yeah so it's not as big as per night
it's big it's not round and in a row is
it round
yeah it is which is the one that's the
big one that's like egg shaped all of
them the earth is the earth is close to
round because of its orbited olders a
little at the equator and the gravity
because of the distance relative to the
core of the earth and you weigh slightly
less at the equator but it's not a big
difference you look at the earth then
it's pretty Bala Sh
yeah I think I think series in the same
category was pretty bullish balling it's
about that that I was meant to talk
about is a book called who's in charge
by Michael as she and I will not talk
about it in any more detail because I
will depress you oh no no go ahead
go ahead we're all along depression here
let me see if I can find the description
like I said it's it's it makes the among
other things it makes the supposition
the proof positive something it tries to
suggest that that much of what's going
on in your brain is below your primary
level of consciousness and that you you
think that you are an a prime actor
prime mover kind of thing that you're
trying trying to do things and you the
question is whether you actually have
free will or whether your brain is kind
of subconsciously doing shit and you're
busy explaining why because they've done
tests on people like split brain
patients and other things where they do
things and they don't know why they're
doing them and they've always got an
explanation
they make up an ex parte of their brain
that explains shit makes up an
explanation even if there's no if it's
not plausible or there's no way that
they could you know know why they did
something like like say like the left
the left hand is doing something in the
right brain you know that controls the
left hand you can't talk so you know the
left hand is doing something to left I
saw something and you know they'll ask
the people a question and they're there
they're left brain which is on the
rights you know is the left side of
their head which is the right hand their
left brain you know which had no
knowledge what was going on will start
making up lies to explain why they did
something even though it has no freaking
clue because it couldn't see that
because they didn't have a corpus
callosum to transfer stuff back and
forth
I noticed something weird let last night
actually right I was kind of like
humming well I really happens like you
know you know I click with my tongue and
I make noises kind of making music that
way
that kind of thing yeah I know you think
it's a night I was doing it last night I
was doing that I don't like the right
side of my mouth some kind of song I
forgot what sort of West but then I
started doing it
this is my tongue it's like your tongue
and I started doing it on the other side
my mouth and it sounded like weird and
different and off so we released a new
like what when you talk on the phone
what you're do you put the phone up to
listen it sound weird we do on the left
it's like for me it's harder for me to
process all Isis when I have the phone
on my left ear but if I'm listening to
music and I only have one earbud in I'll
always put in the left because I hear
the other sounds better okay here's the
here's the the top review on Amazon we
humans love our dualisms good or evil
hot or cold for your determine who's in
charge a book extrapolated from the
author's gilfer lectures blah blah blah
it appears that our brain something is
something like a collection of modules
performing different functions without
the central command module that is
supposed to approximate free well
moreover that feeling we have a unified
conscious experience is most likely the
result not of a central command module
but a module appropriately referred to
as the interpreter whose role is to
construct somewhat post hoc explanations
of why we did what we did as if we were
really conscious of doing it here get
Gaza Nika draws on each of split
research of split brain patients whose
corpus callosum were severed disallowing
their left and right brain hemispheres
to talk to each other studies show that
when the right hemisphere is told to do
something say the left eye is shown a
word and the patient is asked to grab
the object that they saw shown from an
array of objects the left hemisphere
where the interpreter is well often can
just the left hemisphere okay
we'll construct a rationale for why the
patient grabbed the object that has
nothing to do with the instructions to
the right hemisphere for a simpler
example of the interpreter in action
think about when you hit your thumb with
a hammer our pulling away of our thumb
is automatic before any pain is
consciously felt but when asked people
say and often think that they pulled
away their thumb because of the pain but
they actually it went straight that goes
straight from your when those kind of
things go straight from your brain your
spinal cord
it's from your excuse me for thumb to
your spinal cord before your brain even
knows what's going on and then your
brain says well I pull my thumb away
because of hurt but actually you pulled
your thumb away reflexively because your
spinal cord and your thumb we're talking
it didn't hurt yeah that's when you
pulled it away your brain didn't even
know it but just you know suggesting
that there is no you know that we're
just it's interesting I we're not even
we're not even the ghost in the machine
are we we're just illusion that's all we
are that you're my favorite illusion
there's there's nobody home oh that they
Kurtz was even wrong what he said I
think therefore I am
he even he was wrong he should have said
I think I am I think I think I am I
think I think I am i all right think I
think I am what a depressing whole you
know example I can think about an
example I get them I've got you know
pretty good reflexes and I will stop you
know like when I see somebody coming how
stop and then I'll realize you know I
like to stop and my first thought is why
did I stop I stopped because somebody
was coming yeah but it happened
yeah I didn't think somebody's coming
I'm gonna stop I stop and then I go oh
why did I just stop Oh somebody's coming
stop which look in the corridor you know
if I'm shopping at the end of the aisle
you know oh
I remember back in school I was used to
be under walking from class to class
autopilot I would you know end up
stopping at my locker and go to my next
class and I just like I'd suddenly
realized I was that the next class I was
lost in thought you don't even form a
memory of it yeah cuz it's so automated
stopping my brain was kind of half
paying attention to the game or at least
my brain thinks that I was half paying
attention to the game maybe I just
convinced myself that's what I was doing
I don't know but yeah I heard you
talking about stopping I thought you're
talking about sniffing a card actually
if it just kind of just kind of drinking
my iced lemonade just because it's here
certainly not because I'm thirsty
because I'm like up to the eyeballs I'm
liquid at this point so I'm gonna take
another Pocky stop okay what we're gonna
take break I said we're gonna take break
for the benefit of people listening
quietly damn it do you want me that you
see yammering on now for techyv
technical difference mice you you go you
just blow the best
[Laughter]
MC Lucas and caesarian fart thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
are you guys hey you guys liking this
this excessively science nerdy chat here
today is this is this enjoyable is this
a good stream
yeah I don't care in this awesome that's
why that's why I put a ring on her
finger
what the fuck
and also microfiber militia thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
here yeah once can you say huh okay
anyway I was I to get back to can you
can you say it's true
we really do it's true we really do all
right okay
hola sit talk talking talking about
brains and cars or money because it's
kind of reminded me of something and how
even even memory is kind of a fuzzy
weird thing like I I'm just reminded of
uh I don't know if you remember me
telling you about this but back in her
old place together I was driving down
the street and the other one and I won
independence and you know that's that's
that's a residential section but most
most people don't drive the speed limit
on the residential sections I remember
I'm weird
well I'll get to well so we'll see we'll
see
i-i've like a grandma and it's a good
thing I do because I'm driving down the
street right and off to my left I see
this I'm assuming it was this little
girl's father his father and like his
six-year-old girl they're walking down
the street and I was with cars and
children I'm just paranoid so I'm I'm
driving down the street I was probably
going a little bit over the speed limit
but I wasn't super speeding but I saw
the father and the kid and I just had
like a funny feeling I didn't I didn't
hit the brakes but I did I did take my
foot off the gas and the classic the
classic drivers had this situation
happened you know with a ball of this
crest Street the kid goes running I
didn't I didn't even get the ball right
it's father in the girl are walking down
the street and right in front me for no
good reason that I could see this little
girl starts dashing across the street
right in front of my fucking car I mean
she just takes out in a full-on sprint
she is paying no attention to anything
going on around her and because because
I'm a super good a driver you know I was
i I was ready I started screeching on
the brakes and I just barely did not
kill this kid right and why how this
ties into memory is I could not tell you
what the father looked like like I don't
remember his face I think he may have
had brown hair like if you fi had to
sketch him I couldn't do it I don't
remember what his face looked like yet
for some reason I still clearly remember
the look of utter horror on his face I
mean this guy you know he saw his
daughter dart across the street he saw
me with my car and he thought for sure
that he was looking at his six year old
girl about to be murdered until I
successfully stopped the car and then
instantly I remember his face going to
release and what I remember his facial
expression I can't - after that his face
was what and the light rage at the kid
like oh my god but I mean it was just
he went from utter complete horror to
total relief and I remember that yet I
still couldn't tell you what his face
looked like it's a strange thing memory
of course we all have did he yell at me
no I mean the default was all his
daughters she just took off across the
street I think I think he was relieved
that I was able to stop my car in time
this is his old his one thought was oh
my God thank God my kids okay oh my god
oh my god better oh my god thank God my
kids okay
and how are you doing what happened a
little girl no you didn't Oh back to
that completely jumping subjects here
for a second we're gonna if you watched
the rest of the cosmos things know to
rest right uh yeah you saw mom yeah
matter what not but just the idea of of
that we live inside of our universes
inside of a black hole you know which
might have other black holes inside of
it with other universes like some kind
of crazy zooming in and out thing just
like your your you know mm-hmm it's
crazy but I you need person to the man
yes I think you could probably be just a
little bit more polite to Christians at
some point he's got like no he doesn't
pull any punches but uh I like it's he's
not he's not super rude to Christians is
he I know he's an atheist from when he
while he's eating he says he's as
agnostic but either way I've never ever
seen him be rude
when did he you think I'd have Duncan's
do I enjoy board games cuz he doesn't
give a shit who he offense no call he'll
call he'll call someone an idiot and I'm
fine with that
i I think you could be a little more
democratic I don't think I think you can
disagree with people without being a
jerk
okay
but I've never heard Neil deGrasse Tyson
be rude I use polite about it but III
think he could just you know say that
that he doesn't know because he doesn't
know but uh cosmos is definitely fun to
watch both of them but the the the the
more recent one it's quality stuff I
think it's got it's written for a
general audience and it's it's not a
stupid question Karen's Rich's fiancee
but uh what's some character which is me
but um yeah yeah it's it's it's written
for a general audience and it's hi I so
should have touch at rich and fiancee
and it's it's Sagan would be Pro well
and it's right it's written in a way
that's that's your you know director
produce whatever in a way that's good
for a general audience and that would be
great for to show parts are all of to
you know high school or even junior high
school students it's very accessible
it doesn't assume that you have a strong
background and in some particular kind
of science so what next
I don't know what the time is uh 9:45
I'm getting kind of all ready to call
that night I might I might finish this
this Iron Man video call it still doing
the technolon difficulty screen hit
refresh playing hey Bryce quit it like I
said I'm on a Chromebook which you know
yeah so I got I got I got I got I got a
window open to keep my eye on these
things and it looks it looks like it's
definitely sick explain to me oh there
we go
yep and then the crumb could be just a
tiny bit weird at times but you know I
got it amazon has them stuff I've seen
it I guess I had to lean back amazon has
these like great little flash deals and
I got my Chromebook for 59 bucks so hey
you know is it worth 200 yeah probably
not you could probably get a full laptop
for that but for 59 bucks it's a nice
little but mostly I'm assuming you're
keeping your eye on the chip I'm not
like religiously if that's fine if you
have any more questions for Karen this
is this the time for um as soon as I I
finish the stage our stream is at an end
yeah it is it was a killer deal and
people were like oh you know it's not
real oh it really is real but yeah I
think it actually sold out in three
seconds I was actually waiting for the
deal to go live and throw in my shopping
cart I don't I don't know how many they
had but you know you really can get it
some of their good deals but yes it's
the luck of the draw but I've got other
ones that I
mmm what's my opinion on an r and she
sounds like a jerk I hear she was like
sleeping with sleeping with this other
guy or woman or something and her
husband was she was she was involved
with a married person and you don't you
don't need to go into her personal I
realized that she was kind of a weirdo
what up guys she was all right
why somebody was and and he was like
drinking themselves to death there's
something I've just heard things that
are just depressing and think and I
don't think we'll be live-streaming our
wedding but we do appreciate the
interest we're flattered
I vote for Hillary Clinton depends on
who she's running against it depends uh
you know I mean I wouldn't vote for
Bernie in these doors seems to be
running did you know the rich the
birdies running how weird Bernie Sanders
Bernie Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders jog
my memory
he's one of phony Sanders he tells it
like it is and he's kind of very liberal
look up Hillary food right said some
kind of joke or meme or something he's
he is it was smoke definitely a parody
he's he's got political ads he's an
right who's honest about being dishonest
I'll do anything I'll even change my
mind I'll even change my name you vote
for me why call me or what what what
doesn't build in my mouth I'm the one
who yeah I'm the one actually you said
that to you what are you okay okay yeah
it's pretty fun yeah look up look up a
little bit Bernie Sanders Fulbright a
socialist but I'm okay with that
pardon me look up Gil Fulbright I
already I've already done it before
yeah I send it I know that's a little
bit yes I'm assuming assuming other
people heaven burn
it's lemon sprayed I realized Bernie is
not for everyone
you're neither Silla and neither is Jeb
or whoever else ends up getting the
nomination or Rand Paul or whoever
Howard for the coffee or that is Bernie
literally a Socialist Party number I'm
not sure is that the Democratic
Socialist Party have to look that up I
don't know bernie is anti gun control I
disagree with him there if that's in
fact true and I don't expect any
candidate to be there I don't know why
socialism was a such a dirty word i I'm
not certainly not against private
ownership but I do think we do move in
the direction of socializing profits and
possibly the means of production
there are a lot of things that we
already have that are socialistic like
Social Security okay it's usually best
just to avoid public six okay when we do
this
somebody's we get a lot of people to
views someone's gonna get bent out of
shape I was right to believe in all
different kinds of things politics
religion are things that people feel
very passionately about I can't steer
the conversation back to the heat death
of the universe the brain regular books
movies Legos love Legos by the way I
wish they would get back into the town
sense the the cute little villages and
the pizza parlors and things you know
they're doing all these movie related
things which are all well and good but
they really need to get back to the cute
little houses and things and they are
doing some of that but definitely yes
when in doubt talk about EDA absolutely
yeah yeah nothing say for the same dead
of the English we would rather talk
about a death and depression than
politics it's a safer it's a death and
depression it's a much safer topic
that's been depressed 2016 death for
America sounds good
so I feel bad about denying the other
women in the world the glory that is
hurt no she feels quite satisfied to the
glory glory time capitalism um
I think people should stick to this
mixed case I believe that typing in all
caps is about it oh oh that's not what
you think about my book that's good the
people that will rock that that that's
anybody who does run in politics you
know you got to be a special kind of
person and it's like the people that I
like best probably would ever run like
you never run
then I don't know so yeah so you got a
pic from whoever's out there but uh oh
no I'm capable of yammering out of four
hours at some point I run out of things
you talk about more books
oh we're I'm I'm gonna be done for the
night I wanna I wanna pack up go home
and sit down take a nice hot bath my my
weird old man back you really just about
he death Party of America
absolutely I want to thank everybody for
showing up oh it's but I hope you
enjoyed the stream it's been spent a
lovely stream for me it it it has there
would you it has been a good night
always a pleasure I'm sure I'll be back
at some point yes oh uh Karen you know
you know you haven't you haven't seen me
in some we've spent a couple because
because you're stone stone yeah I've
been more in a couple did you know
