Episode 284
Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 1)
June 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rElDEKd-fe8
___________________________________________

I tweeted oh my lord so motherfucking on
top of this rich I tweeted I googled a
little image of the police questi I made
a funny title yeah police quest request
for more police which i think is a very
fun the question for beating up people
Oh
sometimes hell Oh everybody yes we
wanted to do we were thinking about
doing the Star Trek again but we're
gonna give we're gonna get police quest
to try because I know rich is more of a
text adventure gamer and I've never
played this so we're going to play it
together we're here we're here together
we just recorded the the broken age
episode yep so we're here at the studio
together everything's wonderful
hello no no the gist
Justin big in the screen there okay and
Jay is not here this is the important
part this is the important part of me
not losing interest in the game when
Jays here we should know better
I get chatty and I had that little bit
of a head cold and Jay was here so it
was like chatty Jeff yeah yeah now we're
here we're ready for just the game
Oh what I hear I hear us coming through
is easier us coming through what mean
what do you have us do you have a stream
flying right now on your computer oh you
know what I might at that
yeah where is it oh my hold up hold up
yes this is made by the same people who
made Sierra games the same people who
made Space Quest they also made a series
of games called the quest for glory and
King's Quest the helical feed is it
there is it that window over there I
already did it huh are we throwing them
oh great you turn it down why I muted
8000 great stream so it should take care
of all problems any all problems I like
there when you take care of all problems
some swimming I'm going to man the
keyboard you're gonna man the keyboard
I'll make a chat but I'm here alright
first before we get started what I just
want to take a quick listen we did you
know we did a record if invest but it's
always I think it's always good listen
to this purple space bazooka thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true
I I will feed Ronald that's that's going
to happen
okay we are good to go let's let's get
moving all right
theme music stops playing that was a
little much okay oh oh man look at that
Oh Rick you need to make a cut out of
that guy can you do that oh I can I
would be delighted to make cutouts of
some of the old Sierra characters look
at this screen this is this is art look
at that make that see that turn it to
the side right there
yeah make that yeah I would love that
look at some Roger Wilco from Space
Quest do that I would love it we need
some new sets and that is that is a
picture of Ronald Reagan in the back Oh
got a look around rich look around that
is always number one Ron the hallway is
a keyboard table holding a radio the
table holding radio extenders photograph
on the far wall and a barred window to
the evidence room oh we should look at
the photograph right this is the most
recent photograph of Linton's Chief of
Police
Randolph brown nose Whipple stick
claimant appointed to the department
only ten years ago old BN rapidly
manipulated his way to the top
great get radio radio extender you pick
up a squelchy noisy but workable
extender right and there's keys on the
wall ya get key golf course of course
gift to you
Oh leftover beefcake we're body camera
are you look in the evidence room where
but how can you do that just like real
police work
oh wait look Evan oh oh the evidence
home sorry the I'm sorry rich trolley Oh
as a man there Russ the keeper of the
evidence lockup says howdy Sonny haven't
seen anything with your name on it come
in lately okay top two men how do you do
officer
welcome to the linton pd pharmaceutical
and weaponry lockup great he won't give
me drugs
where where where to now
uh uh yeah no no I mean go to where you
were going before I suppose no matter to
me look at it oh my gosh
these fucking leaves I love I love how
this looks
briefing at 13 o clock Oh plants bag of
weed that needs to be a prompt liquor
since you're dead what happened tell you
what
I did something wrong you died I don't
know what happened I what all right
let's try that again you walked into a
table and died
oh no he's reaching for my gun
what the fuck did you take too long
briefing should be starting soon okay I
don't know what happened
cher what happened I wasn't looking at
the screen for like a second and then I
was dead mm-hmm bill says it maybe it
was a glitch weird yeah so yeah so much
for the no death row that's it for
tonight guys thanks for coming out we
really appreciate it thank you lovely
yeah new subscribers I get it I gave
everybody who stuck around our show last
night
yeah damn it yeah we were glorious just
before we started streaming we were
watching I was watching the end of
Rich's glorious hand and a half hour
Dead Rising no death Rock
watching him literally spit a man to
death that's so crazy so crazy I loved
it I loved the glow yes a glorious
stream rich anytime you want to do a
surprise no death or end stream as long
as you win god damn it I can't guarantee
all ten and a half hours yes rich stream
not straight you took a break not really
the stream broke I had to fix the stream
the stream broke and your xbox broke at
one point the Xbox broke twice Oh God
was that these favor Xbox broke twice
yep oh jesus fuck the Xbox right please
release Dead Rising on another system
Capcom they put it on PC
contains a single podium and for report
writing tables on the far wall are eight
pigeon holes on the front wall there is
a blackboard okay
look at the table
great there's a newspaper lying on the
table dum-dum get newspaper pick up the
mornings edition of the little tribune
ooh don't pin the city we what was what
was up from the movie
we need more dope pushers and pimps need
mom pushes a bit recruit recruit love
tips maybe recruit more tips we did more
dope in the city recruit one pushes and
pimps ones beautiful peaceful quiet city
with few major crime problems is now
experiencing rapid growth and prosperity
but along with growth has come an alarm
innate increase in crime rate that is
what see page two oh okay wait smug
Ville USA president
Pecola was in smug Ville yesterday
evening observing the annual migration
oh right see don't feed oh you see that
I special see page two
oh okay there you go let's see here of
the writ Oh
let's switch sides for no good reason
that's really weird
learning a piece of Lytton police
sergeant john Dooley states that
dangerous drugs are showing up on the
streets and in our schools the homicide
rate on thee and prostitution oh I
thought the homicides prostitute
homicide rate and prostitution are at
level the city has never seen the
Tribune has learned from huh look
Burge continued from page one right of
the red-bellied swamp coddlers the
president who has been a bird lover
since childhood rich the baiting dance
of the cuddler as being as spectacular
as the golden crown scumsucker the
president can lee admitted that he was
skipped the geneva arms convention to
watch some old cobblers mate
the president says of bill is presently
before the Senate for cramming
proclaiming national cod lured a
reliable source that a big-time drug
deal with a street name of death angel
may be responsible for the drug traffic
oh that sounds like plot well so and
this is called police quest in pursuit
of the death a yes I'm assuming we need
to pursue the death angel
it's weird like as already there's a
comedic tone to the game yeah but we're
also pursuing street drugs named pusher
named FAA let's see how they totaled the
line they're gonna ride that line and
you wanna remind us you should read the
rest of this shit we should we should
let's see here I'll do escaped okay look
in the city jail reported the escape of
a female prison inmate last night oh
right
the officer of the Year nominees Litton
PD chief Whipple stick has nominated
Sonny bombs and Joe Florine foot Florine
flustered that's low that's the other
one I see a skimpy one oh Jesus bonds
and Walters Walters 4l PD officer of the
year war due to outstanding
effort and commitment and crime and
crime prevention and we're bonds right
we're some bonds yeah yeah yeah fucker
Lureen flustered flora Paxton flew the
coop by hiding beneath a pile of soil
prison laundry and a hand push basket
kingdom of Daventry I'll god they're
putting in a King's Quest reference you
know this quest game is now under siege
by a renegade three head and trackin one
identified gnome stated the kingdom is
in a state of emergency so what you're
saying is the quest games are in a
shared continuity universe
they shouldn't be they are they
shouldn't be but apparently they are
this this was well before the marvel
cinematic you a there's an easter egg in
space quest for your escape pod can
crash into king's quest that's great
hopefully we're the one hopefully were
the one with the glasses and mustache
that's what I'm hoping
cuz that guy is badass doesn't look like
we have glasses or almost just I want a
moustache I got here put down pepper
nose is your in that thought
Oh briefing is about oh we're here is it
you don't have time to relax take place
I don't eat it all right
I'll just find an empty chair see that's
got to be the guy with the moustache
they go this is yours oh hey what do you
know that you did it rich you did you
figured it out without even knowing oh
so that's the guy who's he's also up for
a nomination I'm going to assume as much
yeah he looks like he has guys is that a
mustache
that's a weird question from Hong Kong
rich how do you view world building in
games that's great what like that can
you be more specific on what you mean
very weird question yeah like it's good
when a game builds a world thief thief
built a great world yeah
the order well that they tried they had
a lot of good ideas their world wasn't
very fun I think we kind of dabbled on
that during the blood-borne episode was
just like just let us soak in the world
on our own you know yeah in police quest
we already kind of know it's gone
there's this president there's some
drugs there's a death angel I'm into
this world
alright alright Sergeant John Dooley
briefs the thirteen hundred shift
beginning with the latest hot sheet of
stolen rides yeah dog welcome back run
so sergeant Chantilly I hope you enjoyed
the long way round nice nice well what's
up he Burks we're looking for a black
1983 Cadillac I'm glad he's in 1983
cattle a license number LP one two three
eight GI n oh yeah you know what could
you get your handy dandy notebook of
doom the guy on C 0 3 4 5 6 - 1 8
they'll remember those numbers because I
said you will reported stolen last week
try hard to find it so I can get that
Malcolm Washington character off my back
for a change is C is that a 0 C 0 yeah
yeah there's a line across I'm assuming
that's a 0 the lop one is definitely old
because there's no line across 0 3 4 5 6
- 1 8 got it the little T's Eyre this
last night three teenagers were arrested
in three separate arrests each for drunk
driving two of the three were in
possession of cocaine
all three attend Jefferson High School
that should tell you something boys and
girls sure write down Jefferson the
high-school drug drought and I probably
won't come on but uh but they were on
possession of cocaine
oh we are going to be in search of the
death angel who I'm assuming sells
cocaine maybe we should just check out
Jefferson High at some point I don't
remember I mean almost any of the
solutions in this game go so I made a
note of Jefferson High School I'm
something of a blank slate
sure well that's it for today watch your
Bucs kids we don't want old chief
Whipple stick lying about our industrial
injury injury stats going up again
Sonny bombs your call number will be 83
- 32 83 - I'm telling you specifically
even though the whole room is full of
people goodbye yeah my briefings over ah
Red Dog Gold team ah wants to know if we
like hidden meanings in movies or do you
prefer the film to lay out its meaning
slash attention for you but I felt fine
choices I think is a dumb question I'll
judge these things I guess in a case by
case basis I don't know right it's
always fun to kind of discuss the head
meetings and movies and you know if
they're clever about it it doesn't
really matter but yeah movie that's a
cubbyhole right they called it something
pigeon pigeon hole ooh
Sonny how's about at 1198 on 1198 at
carols caffeine castle later in the
shift oh wait we have to look up the
manual here
they had different cult members for some
for some a 1198 it's like coffee break
or something sure what is it 1198 I have
the manual in front oh come here okay
1198 is a meeting okay 1198 Carole's
coffee castle
Carroll's coffee castle got it okay rich
you have a strict worldview you're more
of a shoot from the chip kind of doofus
I having a dog ma so I guess I'm shoot
from there we all do what we can
yeah we all do we can the important
thing you know even if you have a strong
worldview is to be open to new ideas and
change them when new evidence is
presented Pluto is no younger planet
yeah
and that's an okay thing oh now now
we're in the chief sauce oh shit get out
of there
uh What did he say he said get out of
here well yeah if I can get out of there
all right saving this very important say
I always save same game yeah we're
playing we're not paying a ton of
attention to chat mum Tim Tom Smith what
are you saying Tom Smith
hold on I'm looking what
oh yeah sort of quick sync
okay can you kiss the chief on head Oh
each / I got a name it name it properly
whatever you're not making this easy
Oh dos dos box box emulates the C Drive
right I don't remember I think I think
you need to just tell it see that's
what's throwing it for a loop
oh you know what I don't think I could
just space this either
no no spaces remove / oh there you go
thank you Thank You Jett windows
system32 your game here dot sci-fi you
get out of here we know things about
computers
maybe nope oh that yeah there's a solid
brownness yeah okay boy shot you never
know you never know
it's very middle to them they're never
to be game and mic sound is not synced
up is it not probably not
it usually isn't the game's always on a
slight delay yeah oh my god there's a
computer oh my god it's adorable
use the computer is it gonna be like a
nice box computer we'll find out this is
LP Dee's computer room complete with an
outdated terminal just packed with
valuable information whoo
what's a big use terminal use come cue
tour oh we're gonna later oh that's
beautiful
good morning we have not tased anyone
yet no right death angel wanted for
murder
drug involvement prostitution last scene
area of Chicago Illinois Oh Don Todd uh
anything else you wanna search for the
quest for not the quest for death angel
this is called um in pursuit of the
Death Angel police quest in pursuit of
the dead angel we squash one yeah
basically it's please curse one yeah
Jefferson High School
Jefferson is that something a little
sure all right
I'm assuming we'll need to use this
later of course they did give us any
other names they give us a call number
and they gave us the license and
BRR ya know what kind of car was that oh
I don't remember the make and model do
you think we need to remember that will
read the plates may be fun it'll be fun
hi everybody
police quest was a night of that work
Jackie Chan movie that was um hero cop
was the Jackie Chan movie I don't
remember
police squad no it's yeah sure yes that
was it what do you think of love and
monsters doctor who would ship I don't
know which episode that was if it was
any if it was a recent episode I haven't
seen it as I stopped watching Doctor Who
I have not seen any of the new Doctor
Who with the new doctor because the last
season before that was so terrible she
had a saint police story my story thank
you black Ketty yeah yeah that sounds
right black caddy 1983 alright right I'm
putting that in our notes 1983
there's things shouldn't we be out on
patrol last Laura yeah we should be
narcotics detective Laura Watts says
sunny you'd better not let lieutenant
Morgan or sergeant Dooley catch you
killing time in here
oh my god here get out of here and tell
me what to do ah the narcotics office
were undercover cops roam there are two
desks a filing cabinet against the rear
wall and a bookcase in the far right
corner those keys he's hanging on the
keyboard are for the narcotics
departments unmarked cars below the
keyboard hangs a clipboard
a compliment her Redskin wait a minute
food there's another one
1983 cat toys so these are these are
cars that have been stolen yeah I'm
assuming we might see them in our quest
for greaseless sure and a quest for
please is okay what's the other one is a
1985 Yamaha oh it's a motorcycle
Wow 750 cc I could just be flavoring
though I imagine if that was important
they would have brought it up in the
briefing I'm writing it down let's see
here L or license m 6m six seven five
seven eight nine five seven eight a
Yamaha so yeah my momma yeah momma
hahaha
of course you can't tell jokes at a
crime drama okay great all right oh just
put the clipboard down oh yeah mama's so
fat she rides around the house that's
funny yo mama Ma's okay is that the joke
yeah my momma stop reading I don't know
how to put down this board with my
type-check help me help me put down exit
walk away are you holding it or just
looking at it I thought I grabbed it
walk I said get no why did I say it I
said read stop reading no no Jesus walk
away let's do it
oh oh oh my god there's more I'm sorry
what
burglary 57 pair of ladies silk panties
were stolen blue wins emptor crush
someone from fancy pants lingerie
employee ha ha ha remember a lot of us
is just jokes sir hog and dog food -
2,400 pounds taken from fat Fred's fat
and feed farms Jesus nine largemouth
belly busting stink bass from chicks
cast and catch it bay-buh
dog three inches with this wedding ring
one isn't a joke I wonder Jesse the
jeweler wedding ring hey Erin okay dog
three inches or 3 feet hundred forty
five pounds black and white spots named
Buffy aka the consumer right down Buffy
and the consumer find a dog sure we
might call its name maybe
consumer if we see a doggie like eating
yeah written down we're making notes
just like you do we we can't figure out
how to leave the clipboard why do that
oh really then why do you get awful
fucking specific for what that was I
think you're right the dog stole the
panties case closed
yes captain mythic I've realized my
three-inch mistake I'm sorry
Oh 3-inch dog not be your own death
right well it's a three inch dog 145
five or said three-foot dog yeah I
understand that yeah pretty much a
disease it's fine it's fine
you settle the fuck down for like five
fucking seconds proposition Laura for
blowjob I don't think that will work
oh my god you never know you try ask for
a blowjob
yeah ask politely for blowjob hey
politely
what's a blowjob oh honey say oh honey
he does not know how to ask politely
what's a blowjob come on get out of here
what is politely wait what's that
picture right there uh dad this the
court justice I know this is uncertain
Larry but it's a we're trying here boo
them set a map of the city to Morgan's
office Oh
oh shit oh he's gonna fire your ass
that's fine
I saved oh yeah ten-eye Morgan since
Sonny I am extremely busy busy right now
besides uniformed cops don't belong in
Narcotics Division
would you please hit the road and write
some tickets yep what oh what a filthy
mind you have asked for blowjob no ha ha
ha he seems to know we're showing
there's one room I didn't check out I
think it's I don't know anything I need
in there she Knicks I'm gonna go out on
a limb here I know this is very
important to you I'm gonna say there are
no spikes in this video game I think
it's a fair assumption we probably need
a gunman
I mean we do inventory as keys the
newspaper and the radio extender and
what assume guns are needed yeah we good
take off pants shit oh I'm not reading
that oh oh say foo back out of here just
to shade you getting close enough to
dance with and Lord all the knows I did
enough dancing last night is that Allah
is that a lady or man uh men okay it's a
men's locker room okay
listen man listen hey fool big I got it
here just a shade you getting close
enough to dance with and load on the
nose
I did not dancing last night you're
right that's that's the voice that's the
voice oh look there's somebody in the
can we'll talk to him hmm open door oh
my god a Michelle I don't know if that's
casual racism or just stereo I like
stereotyping yeah it necessarily racism
obviously they made a stereotypical
character I'm just going along with with
the theme the Luton PD locker room has 2
rows of full-size double stack lockers
with a bench between them two showers
and three toilet stalls where's my
locker
Oh Oh God
all right personal gear you see your
weapon in your gun belt there is a speed
loader of ammunition on the shelf
great your briefcase rest on the bottom
of the Locker great keys your Corvette
are hanging on a hook how do you pop a
word on that world the take your we're
gotta be on the tape we know that's
great that mean if you were have to take
and then you got like you got to choose
what bribe you took from what mobster if
we're a cop writing please simulator
yeah
yeah we are we are on someone's payroll
that's not the delay met dee dee get gun
belt
yep it's be loader yeah 20 G's take gun
pull back hammer shy get the brief shoot
self and head you suppose there's
anything I need in the briefcase maybe
look in briefcase phase vams okay I will
oh shit there you go I'm going to assume
I don't need the Corvette's
press X to accept cash bribe absolutely
by the way if we get offered a bribe a
fucker taken and I got a Corvette papers
loaned gun alright weapon is loaded whoa
that may have come did bite us later we
pull out our gun and click click click
yeah but what if someone takes their gun
what if someone steals our gun if it's
loaded hey no I think most cops don't
carry briefcases when they're out on
patrol but also we're not carrying a
briefcase now because it's a video game
I'm AB denied oh shit how could you do
it no we're not committing suicide today
that's right be cool about firearm
safety but I'll so you know we need to
make sure our gun is loaded right I hope
I don't have to like equip the belt or
something I think I hope it's okay just
in my inventory I put bailed on their
wear belt I'm gonna assume it
automatically yes now this is this is a
puzzle I remember you have to inspect
your vehicle before you get into it
you're through inspected all sides
yeah if you don't you drive you you pull
out and then car like explodes game over
do you find a bomb no it's just you have
to check the car before you go out I
wonder if that's in the manual your mark
patrol car features a powerful v8 engine
choked down with the very latest in smog
devices and purchased from the lowest
bidder it is capable of attaining speeds
of up to 87 or motton or more miles per
hour
Wow so you can kind of can go back in
time in it that's quicker yeah well no
you can't right because if they go 88
miles per hour or over but apparently
the low is 87 Oh 87 or bucks which one
is mine
there's like six cars which one is mine
let's see here
handcuff procedures personal hygiene
Percy I'm reading the manual right now
yeah I'm seeing if there's something
about inspecting your car check car
there's got to be that killed me as a
kid I needed to use this year our
helpline to solve that one because they
actually had an 800 number you called
yeah yeah that's great
there's an automated thing what part are
you stuck at for solutions on how to get
past or add a dial to hahaha oh yeah
you're caught in a real jam if you've
tried every oh my gosh we try calling
the number
yeah go ahead the support line is you
know it's still listed here let's see
here if you tried every possible trick
in the book and still can't get more
don't panic even the best cops sometimes
get caught hints can also be received by
calling the Sierra customer support line
do-do-do-do-do calling oh this way to
speed up everywhere it is what I did the
safety inspection
oh I mean I have to check the tires
individually wait
Oh for fuck's sake
like made a kid all over again
that was weird
I'll said it was please leave your
message for all right so according to
chat I need to walk around the car till
a message pops up saying I've inspected
it oh well there you go let's see here
there's another number here
oh is that hello please state your name
after the tone and Google Voice we'll
try to connect you probably not see her
anymore
mm-hmm all right check car the sides
look okay
check tires oh oh okay there you go
fucking CRO I would say you have to do
that every time - I don't recall that
that's what they're yeah I'm saying you
don't need to say anything just do a lap
all right I don't need to say anything
but I say who knows that nightstick
holder okay we got the nightstick I'm
good to go
yeah all right
save that shit we're in the car what do
i press the speed up what do you mean
there's there's the car has different
controls oh you can go faster and you
can turn your lights on does it say in
the manual oh oh oh radio codes
okay login
be observant will freak out if I bring a
red light I mean let's see here
okay you can't run a red light without
lights on I just wanted to check uh-oh
Sierra did this it does not tell me
anything about driving the car there's
got to be controls at five four speed
off route or something like that find
out F five because ofa it's fast
I don't want restore or fade that's F
nine personal hygiene you know uniform
I'm gonna slow down slow down slow down
whoa how do you stop you have to type
words Oh hero driving codes oh there is
by the way the vehicle safety inspection
look carefully at all sides of your
vehicle before leaving the station yard
that is in the guide here yep this you
got this there's lights there's all
kinds of things does it tell you
I've care if we're in and out of the car
okay f6 f8 + f10 ok oh my god there's a
radio dispatch oh my god yeah worst of
the worst the lights siren ooh
buttermilk biscuits it's I can only
assume this game is available on GOG oh
yeah that's where I got this from ok so
yes this police quests I can only assume
the whole series is available on GOG
that's what I did with Space Quest I got
like Space Quest 1 2 & 3 off of GOG for
like 8 bucks
what's the controls oh you stopped yeah
oh you know how to do that figuring out
controls that's what I'm oh no I crashed
oh my god oh no
is ahead w
we'll try that yeah we are oh they are
nope w doesn't do it anything that's
control w nope you seem to be driving at
normal speeds though now so that's good
okay ah
neat that's green go you're driving on
the wrong side of the road but I think
that's fine
were you supposed to be going oh
actually put my lights on how are did
you that I got I do that how did I do
that I don't know Oh God what is your
breath what is you press what is oh it's
just it's just the highest speed
automatically put some out Oh rich
you're the word oh Jesus or am I the
best cos I mean you're doing you're
doing great haven't you do fantastic
alright see you soon you have a map ah
no let's go to that 1198 what's 1198 the
coffee the the the meeting ok that's
that uh it's somewhere carols coffee
castle yeah many carols coffee castle oh
oh yeah the map the map yes yes the map
the map here it is
please quest map oh Jesus
the map the map zoom in map see police
station that guy's got a pool settle out
hotel court jail
where's Carol's coffee castle is that we
were supposed to go next I'm that's
where I want to go next I don't know if
we're supposed okay all the way up oh
you're over the way all the way up yeah
and it is over okay and oh okay it is
one two is three over from that one with
the base of one two then one more over
don't crash into that blue car thank you
it's in there okay it's oh you're
dispatch wait wait wait wait wait wait
dispatch squawks eighty-three 3283
thirty to respond to 1183 southwest
corner of fig and fourth what's not
eleven eighty three and then we need
figured fourth okay okay okay okay I'm
on this bridge mmm I am fucking on this
11 283 is a traffic collision no details
fig and forth Oh fourth is the fourth is
back back fourth is back that way
well now I'm bed wait where are you
okay that intersection right in the
middle and down it's right there is that
it that green thing right there yeah yep
Oh upon your arrival at the scene of the
accident teamwork fucking TV what look
great you observe a group of bystanders
gawking at a green sedan that attempted
to carve its own door in the side of a
brick building okay alright get out of
the car
oh my god oh this is exciting this is
great why they're crash percent Oh like
procedures we need to do oh yeah there
are crash procedures hold on hold on oh
wow I love this game a lot of manual
looking up here driving codes
intoxicated driver procedures felony
traffic stop procedures routine traffic
stop producers when a violation has been
witnesses stop the violator as quickly
as possible so no there's nothing about
crash procedures it says detect possible
intoxication by observing erratic
driving you know being a highly trained
observer you immediately notice a
smashed coupe on the sidewalk in a crowd
of rubber necker's milling around nearby
the crowd includes one particularly
anxious young man oh look at car this
man slumped over the steering wheel look
at man okay closer you take in you take
a deep breath look in the car and see a
male slump motionless over the steering
wheel
oh no a closer look reveals a bloody
injury to the left side of his head
and a gaping hole in his lower right jaw
oh God we we have a possible homicide
oh and I don't want the death either the
building no I'm not exactly what I want
look a face hole
that's a job for the corner
well they said one of the men of letter
was anxious yep get over there
Jesus Christ this is exciting this is
great rich you sure you don't want to be
in the controls no no I like you at the
controls or else everyone's gonna make
fun of my typing again little old lady
in the crowd cries out officer do
something that man is hurt bad to help
him okay Dwight's gonna use a radio to :
oh um let's see here radio codes use
radio you have nothing to report
investigate the accident scene see if
you can discover something oh okay um
talk to men a little old lady in the
crowd just like yeah yeah yeah ray the
the there's a Cody 1141 for an ambulance
that's not gonna do much good now oh
shoot matted leg right look at young man
which one is the young man sighs only
bright like I don't yeah he's balding he
can't be young the blonde one
I'm assuming when I say man it goes
automatically to be yeah the guy in the
car
fuck you what does it say look around
you immediately notice the smashed coupe
on the sidewalk and a crowd of rubber
necker's milling around nearby the crowd
includes one particularly anxious young
man Todd talk what about talk to young
man lowly come on now you're the jerk
gets to there you go Oh
first of all it's a nightstick oh yeah
that's right
no no I'm good I merged it with billy
club get um get I think you'd like now
that you're right in front of them say
talk to young man you're kind of in
front of that lady so
nope all right maybe I have to do more
at the car first
did it say something about the
windshield yeah well I can see it looks
like this hole yeah
just below the broken glass of the
driver's window has a strange pattern
for a car wreck it appears to be a
bullet hole dum-dum dawn GW and examine
glass see nothing special examine hole
and then it's just the day yeah yeah oh
yeah you're right take off pants I think
that would help in this situation the
man's dead with a gunshot wound right
yeah it's a pole stuff fuck is there the
bricks won't have uh
oh yeah maybe look for bullet all right
all right well it's probably in his head
sure that's uh but that's a hometown
markup that was thank you for that
suggestion uh okay so we shouldn't take
suggestions because they know they need
the game the guides and spoilers
oh but by the way you're looking at your
own gun oh so I think that was a genuine
thought okay well that's good then I'm
sorry for accusing you of things that
you didn't do because that's a horrible
thing maybe can you like check the crowd
for like a gun bulge ask about accidents
how can you do that
and you can't radio for an ambulance
well you probably have to find that
fucking old lady's to shut up we want to
talk to the young man how do we talk to
the young man each radio nothing to
report
I have gunshot to report how's that some
people are suggesting you check the
trunk I was just actually just about to
do that okay and other people are
suggesting you you look in your
briefcase oh that's not a bad suggestion
now okay which a briefcase yes I don't
know later the yeah mister glitch as you
see we've been trying to look at our
briefcase and it's not letting us do
that once some I saw someone say like
can we try to radio for help as soon as
it says that's a job for the corner like
maybe like the corner is is the trigger
hey alright alright it's probably more
we need to do the body yes and real no
pulse no breathing no vital signs there
is a bullet hole driver's window this is
not your normal traffic a normal
everyday traffic accident in your
opinion this man was murdered
yes okay well we know that's new text
and rail means rail no no spoilers don't
help us out we're trying to figure this
out on our own which I know could be
frustrating for you guys sometimes but
this is the fun of the game okay window
now can you call for backup that was a
new text okay there you go
ten-four yeah we can't be 1a 7pc
homicide okay we advise one homicide
unit is on route and then the coroner's
office has been notified continue
investigation all right now maybe we can
talk to the crowd now that yeah I just
want to see you've investigated the
shooting for sure now now that okay lady
can shut up because we got help coming
right yeah I'm assuming where we go okay
officer he says I saw what happened I
saw everything
Sabina wait he's a young man rich you go
for it I was buying a paper to newsstand
across the street when I heard like the
scream of tires yeah he tells you I
looked down his Creed and here comes his
car and a light blue late-model Cadillac
racing down the street side by side
notes
oh no it's light blue late-model caddy
okay okay when they got closer I heard
bang I thought one of them how to blow
out man but right after that this car
here lost control and crashed light blue
caddy just kept on jamming he finishes
breathlessly okay nice work nice work
nobody else oh oh all I know is says the
witness well he's your witness oh sure
oh uh is this a different now look some
same guy okay all I know is says the
witness I think I saw like part of his
license plate number
it was l9 6-4 6-4 okay
nice yes nice yeah got it
yeah you know this is fucking police
work continued investigation let me go
great
you notify dispatch of the vehicle
information dispatch this is 83 32 be
advised description of suspect vehicle
is late-model light blue Cadillac
ten-four 83 32 we copy
light blue Cadillac our show license
plate l96 4 that's fucking police work
all right
crowd talking is done do I have to wait
for the corner or could we just leave I
mean if we're using about hey how about
that wait for backup I always wait for
backup
homicide detective Oscar Hamilton
arrives with sergeant Dooley great no
Dooley tells you bonds detective
Hamilton will handle the investigation
from here because you're just a fucking
useless traffic cop all right hit the
streets try to find the rat responsibles
as sergeant Dooley I'll be I'll
introduce the witness to Hamilton great
good you fuckin clean up the mess suck
my dick wait Alton's that oh okay
remember some just talk to man
generically all right think I better go
yeah he's getting serious yeah yeah the
real cops are here
get lost rookie oh wait
oh yeah safe yeah wait for what
yeah safe yeah I'm saving yeah how do I
have to wait for well you I said wait
and then you hit the same book oh you
are asking me to save ya walk around the
car hopefully I'm a good girl dad not
convinced I have to do this every time
but I'm going to
I think the instruction I think just
said when you were leaving
vehicle safety inspection look carefully
at all sides of your vehicle before
leaving the station yard so I don't
think you have to do it now okay okay
well so we should check for sponges
you're totally right
rage doesn't like the spikes running
kick but I think is really funny it's
it's it's on death's door I that's so
old waves it goes again so it was like
to the first running gag of previously
recorded live okay do you wanna um go
dad coffee yeah may as well okay I don't
I don't think we can't plant evidence
ingress something else doesn't happen
before then I love that you have to wait
for the green light yeah or
just like just like being a real cop yep
you ever see a cop do that oh yeah all
the time
they got places to be oh fuck I love
that love that oh did you even crash
into the curb I crashed into the
sidewalk
your car's a piece of shit Oh rich did
you remember to feed Ronald oh yes I did
okay that's time we're good with that oh
thank you oh that's the coffee shop
right there
Carol's caffeine castle oh and why no
Willy man this is way better than GTA
this is like actual police procedures
doot doot doot doot doot I love the way
they walk in these games it's so like
it's so old a dick do any everyone like
when they walk so I decided to have this
like strut about them yeah maybe it's
not time for the meeting yet doesn't
look like this anywhere sit ah maybe not
patrol right oh maybe we should patrol
around to look for a light blue car yeah
I guess all right we'll go on patrol
yeah
chat thank you for my finicky for the
dead rising nah no death run
congratulations
preciate it I was very excited to hear
that this morning yeah when I woke up
this morning I quickly logged on to
Twitter to see if people were were were
either mourning your loss or
congratulations oh fuck Christ rich okay
we are looking for a light blue car seat
green I see a pink I see a white I'll
fuck jack but I had the car fuck fucking
fucking hit the curb I can't drive well
don't worry about the coffee place
anymore and I just look around oh I see
a light blue okay go check out that our
way oh oh he's coming right towards him
oh not act
he's not act oh no he's not acting
suspicious tail
man maybe he'll do something funny if I
get into a fiery car crash let's find
out I'm not doing a police quest no
death drama huh I'll tell you that I get
another beer what the fuck
okay I'm back what happened did you
grass again nothing that I have him
nothing have a chance at rich crash
again oh are you are you telling that
same car no I highly suspect it's just a
random car sure oh sure but I think this
is what you're some way that makes sense
let's see here your mom I'm looking at
the guides right now looking at the
guides the guides no oh no not like a
walkthrough guy oh oh the manual the
manual and it says you know like if from
routine traffic stop procedures what a
violation has been witnessed stopped the
violator as quickly as possible to
mazuma minimize the hazard of high-speed
driving you must have good reason to
believe a film felony has been committed
in order to do a felony traffic stop and
then you call the radio dispatch for
backup unit
no nothing so far Oh part me everyone no
no I won't you won't pardon all right
your pardon I'm just you know I'm just
getting over this head cold thing all
the oh here we go here we go oh there
well I guess that was the next thing I
guess I guess you no stopping this guy
who shot at the car is not as important
as going for coffee course not
yep donuts I mean I'm sure they don't oh
that's good guy with you goods
gobbledygook says he played this game as
a kid on an Amiga and his parents were
cops this brings back many memories of
late-night basement-dwelling so far
these old Sierra text adventure games
I'm having so much fun with oh yeah I
love the Sierra games so much
time for donuts yeah say how safe I
always say always be saving ABS oh
matically go first thing look around
alright see OOP really not even a tween
like not a screen animation just boom
say is where it is hey Sonny it's good
to see you
really
Oh
whip whip it out boy you earned your
coffee after that mess but mess accident
oh you don't have a coffee okay men that
murder makes a guy wonder what's going
on around this town salesman yes both
rich and I have played axe to a broken
age it's the next episode we just shot
the discussion today it should be out
next week ish yeah probably Carroll set
your coffee down and says here you go
big boy one caffeine IV we will save any
conversation of broken age until the
discussion comes up I don't know if
those people are smoking or if that's
like smoke coming off the griddle I do
what I do wonder you slam back the
entire mug of Jamaican Java
your eyeballs roll back in your head ah
now what Oh
what's that phone are you the gamer said
that sounds too good for anything in the
Sierra game isn't you shit Carol's
answering the phone yeah Carol yells at
you from across the room officer bonds
its sect of Hamilton on the phone phone
oh there you go that's funny
oh my god my knee just use the cell
phone oh you take the phone in here
bonds I need to take the phone here
bonds this is detective Hamilton we're
identified the 180 sentence the other
guy yeah we identified the 187 victim
and the COS naughty West local
small-time drug dealer believe it or not
he's the second small-time to get his
ticket punched in the last two weeks I'm
done
uh-uh write down Ronnie West small-time
drug dealer
Lonny West I just want you to know about
the I just wanted you to know about Wes
since you worked the scene gotta run got
another call waiting don't spend the
whole day drinking coffee Dawn's
whoa wow I must be really urgent from to
call me at the coffee shop on the pay
phone right I would like the highfalutin
detectives call the lowly Tripucka
well you work with me you just let you
know sure sure
so this everything Steven gonna say
anything else
yeah why are you meeting Steve for
coffee he hasn't been very like
forthcoming I don't know if I'm waiting
for something else freshh just go look
lovingly into Steve's eyes what's the
lovingly what's a blowjob what's a
lovingly does this game know nothing
Oh Steve says well guess it's time to
get back to the business of crime
fighting yeah so like all me Larry's
gonna come here is to get that phone
call stare at Steve oh I think he's
trying to prod me into leaving he wants
to be alone now
yeah he called me for the beating now
he's trying to get rid of me in his own
way are you paying for coffees that way
yeah come join me for a cup of yeah get
out of here you know what I'm trying you
yeah I can't do anything myself I need
to do it through you game oh wait
somebody said something and miss what
was what I don't know I accidentally say
something and I missed a window that
popped up get up get down hope