Episode 291
Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 5)
June 20, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=176_PRmYP2E
___________________________________________

hated I got because all the people
around me know I enjoy beer one year for
Christmas or something someone gave me
like a super simple home brew kit you
know like one of those things that you
get at Bed Bath & Beyond something
something like that
and I started reading the instructions
on how to make your own beer and decided
it would be better for the world if I
just bought other people's beer it
seemed like way too much work yeah it
was you Oh bother I was as I was looking
I was looking at your picture of your
homebrew that looks complicated
okay yeah we're on our way back to the
station oh shit
case closed so there we go it looks like
it looks like Laura's waiting for you
you wonder what's up she's gonna be all
up on their nuts cuz you kept us Ellie
in jail
hold on Sonny we've got work to do the
shit right we do girl get in the
backseat baby wait pay for it
wait for what we're going to Quiznos
Sonny one of my informants just told me
if a drug deal is going down soon in
Linnton City Park
lieutenant Morgan wants us to stake it
out so we could do well cowboy let's
roll oh I had a right word cowboy now
shit yet Oh ask politely for oracles
always pays to be polite all right
Morgan Park oh shit right back to the
mess back to the mask back to the map
the masked man I think there's a
park-like thing over here I'm headed
this way and you can tell me to go
differently if you think you different
my head up up maybe up City Park I
thought you just said Morgan it's some
kind of park the only Park I see here is
is way to the left is the thing way I'm
not tired I'm something that's what she
said I hope that's what she said the
lesson here pay more attention
well she said Morgan Park and on the
map on the official map the only Park I
see is city park so whopper them down
there Morgan Drive no huh it was it's a
little up from the police station up
okay level up from the police station
yeah I'm losing it a little bit but it's
fine everything's gonna be fine there's
like there's a little parking area so I
assume yeah there is no reason to stop
at this location okay that's not it then
no I just wasn't up furnace oh okay
there you go this is the Oh
oh we're bringing back some dick neutral
she got into the backseat of my car I
said the front seat is safer it has an
airbag I may be wrong about this because
she's not gotten out of the car Tommy
okay hold on let me look I'm checking
the map again there's knowing I could be
totally wrong where where she said to go
when I feel bad now oh she said Morgan
Park didn't you I could be wrong yeah
where did she say to go oh shit oh shit
I was so thrilled with my victory wait
your extender crackles this is 83 nor 10
notifying when you are in position
Oh what is position what are we doing
once think we're on a stakeout things
have gone horribly wrong I'm gonna hide
behind these bushes and all right Oh Oh
II did the right thing and did the right
thing I got in the bushes you you get a
homer you did the right thing by
accident
okay you can see yourself in the bushes
with a clear view of the table table
get out of here okay
so now we radio
Yukie your extender and notify a
detective what's that year in a
concealed position she responds to your
transmission ten-four will maintain
radio silence until I hear from you now
son you hear hey hey y'all Shh what you
do and I think about Kahn kissing donut
I know supposed to maintain radio
silence I don't care I'm bored well fuck
you too man
I'm out of here you can't handle this
this much this much woman
something better happen I'm gonna get
bored it's this tape it's the stakeout
this is Oh Oh who's that
yep oh my god it's happening you you
quietly watch a man into the pic-a-nic
area do you think he has a pic-a-nic
basket he cautiously nears the picnic
table
attendant apparently looking for gay sex
the man do you know they do it in the
park it's where they all meet their
little perverted sessions of hide a ball
hide a ball you don't know how gay sex
works do you
the man slowly unzips his pants I mean
are you supposed to the young man is
wearing dark clothes are you supposed to
apprehend it soon if somebody else will
show up don't say yeah okay nope Oh
we're not going nobody's going to do
anything illegal with you hanging around
I think I lost damnit I was gonna try to
shoot do something fun but it won't
thanks for playing Belize glist
so even just drawing your gun gets you
out of cover so you know I started
walking over oh okay drunk on though
we're gonna have that ready just in case
absolutely now that I know I can nope
were you about to shoot him yeah another
figure carefully approaches the picnic
table could it be another figure
carefully approaches the picnic table
can abyss drug contact excuse me sir do
you have directions
hey Vick who you followed that's perfect
they let that little Pesci Hey and the
way it's cool man
I'm school yeah you got the stuff did
you bring the cash oh yeah that's right
here yeah yeah Oh slides the Kish once
this one suspect hands what appears to
be an envelope to the other suspect no
wait Oh erase shoot to you we don't want
to shoot him the second suspect returns
a small plastic bag containing a white
substance so get him till the freeze get
out of there freaks oh you shut police
help you shut police officer just kick
it give us the fuzz I'm out of here
don't you officer man I give up where's
our backup well you caught yourself a
nice little fish now you got yourself a
nice little fish but you let the shark
get away
next time try following prepper to these
procedures oh god damn it I'm assuming
we have to call for backup to come in oh
you're totally right motherfucker where
is my proper police procedures
felony arrest procedures okay dragon
yeah all right try again this time just
shoot them all know who followed you
we followed who are you I don't even
know what's that envelope I'll take it a
guy gasps no big deal
you're right
he likes V we need to radio our sassy
sidekick yeah yes that's what's gonna
happen that's what's gonna happen
although I'm looking up felony arrest
procedures backup unit must be staked
out in close proximity oh I'm gonna wait
till they actually make the exchange
absolutely all right
he took it all right radio you quietly
quietly Beck on radio Laura I'm moving
in you hook up quietly you quietly ready
alert I'm moving in you hook up anybody
trying to take football football
whatever takes shift then shift any
cradles that can buy your way trying to
discover in the booth what trying to
take foot bail - what is that's perfect
for my Sonny bombs huh yeah I'm moving
in you hook up anybody trying to take
foot bath and she's like uh what's
football the hall I'm a girl I don't get
sports references I kind of been like
like bailing somebody out jail that kind
of foot bill what do you think I meant
but that doesn't make any sense even in
sports that's the worst okay oh hell
police officer freeze you scumbags gigas
the fuzz shouts the pusher I'm out of
here
I'm pussy
all right hands up currently we're not
bothering with anything else now no no
on the ground I don't know about this I
don't know about this I don't like this
at all this is not following me ever
safe okay
all right you did it move it dickhead Oh
son of a what do you think I meant by
talk to him oh is it too late yep too
late by the way the first ring finger
part about that is the game told you not
to follow all the other yeah exactly
exactly
the game was leading you down a path of
not following police procedures right
good god damn it
this pissed-off mofo says while this
game blows we've had more fun with this
than we have it a lot of games recently
I don't know what the fuck you're
talking about we're figuring out puzzles
we have funny voices going on
this shit's great but what else do you
want we have funny voices what else
could you possibly want this is how we
do it
this is how we do it it's fun here but
playing this by yourself would be
depressing okay you know no it's
different so much is that's depressing
so what fine
suppressing no no I think there's a
charm to it look keep walking like that
I love it okay
holster weapon cuff him read more read
writes carefully admonish your suspect
of his despised Miranda rights you have
the right to remain silent what you say
may be used against you in a court of
law you have the right to an attorney
you cannot afford an attorney one will
be appointed to represent you before
questioning if you wish all right get
down to the ground scumbag now bite that
curb tsums is reluctant but cooperative
you learn he has been selling to kids in
Jefferson High School including officer
Cobbs daughter Cathy dog don't know not
my Cathy search man which feels nothing
except for school ID card this said she
feels nothing except for this bug school
ID card and the small bag tin a white
powdery substance
you watched him get from the butcher
this dickhead kid been pushing drugs at
the local high school off so glad let's
kick his ass
time to bite the curb and stomp down on
at American History X style get out of
here fellow Sims to the patrol guy
whereas what what took you so long hot
rod I picked up this loose in trying to
take foot bail on you what is he this is
not a real thing
mumble under your breath yeah shit you
probably didn't grab the first white man
you good fun he was bailing out on foot
I know but foot bail seems like a weird
term you could just say he was bailing
or he was footing it you know like foot
bail seems weird
Oh apparently foot bail is specific
slang just for running from the cops oh
okay bye from a guy named Jose Martinez
but then Martinez introduced me to Don
Colby here some says I haven't seen
Martinez sense oh how can you do that
hello look some my Tina's I don't know I
don't know nothing about no Martinez I
don't know what you're talking about
okay you have to go over to Don is there
anything else we need to do go over to
bum I can't move
okay
let's see Laura comments lieutenant
Morgan will be real happy with this bust
I'm real happy with your bus sweetheart
I'm filing a sexual harassment lawsuit
understand inappropriate but you're a
woman but you're a woman
what's right what's the problem you want
me to sex your ass sex your ass mint I
don't understand I don't do it there's
missionary only eyes closed over time
one hip movement out of you and you get
the back of my hand
what do you think you're doing a hippie
Kama Sutra you stand still I'll do the
same just like my grandparents fucking
red light are you just you're just
waiting I love that that I love the most
about this game is it just makes you
wait for the where's my car
where are my dragon what's what's going
here under the thing oh you going to
jail yeah do you need to like radio or
anything I'm not the jail grants I don't
know if you had to do that the quest
subject check on Don Colby Charles Ocean
Lincoln boy yellow what this is a lot of
words and I only know what one of them
means ocean Lincoln boy yellow what
dispatch responds any three nor ten
possible hit Paul D Colby served 18
months in state penitentiary for assault
on police officer and possession and
sale of a controlled substance
three-year probation
still active oh there you go we just did
cap stuff no I've never heard of the 7th
guest have you heard of the 7th guest
game I don't know if it's
point-and-click or a regular one or what
they're saying we would like it oh
that's a CD I think it's a CD full
motion video 100k full motion other than
that I don't think I could tell you
anything I could be wrong about what I
think I know Oh was that what they were
doing they were they were doing be like
the call signs for Colby you know comma
Oh libido Bongo yep see Banco yet see
baited dolphin yeah thank you
it was the first cd-rom game I don't
know everything
the first cd-rom game I just googled the
first cd-rom game
get out you filthy hippies
first of all in an incredible fit of
irony I just googled the first cd-rom
game and I get a game called the manhole
it's Jay's favorite game really irony in
a credible coincidence and we're kind of
coincidence unrelated joke and the may
remind you of an unrelated in joke
that's not irony what are you a lot us
Morissette the it's manhole man Oh
the manhole a children's adventure game
was the first game produced on a cd-rom
distributed on a cd-rom made oh so we
got I got I got that shit I like that
spend a lot of time at this jail
well that's your job your job is to put
people in jail slam dunk Donnie yells
for the fence hey baby
you boys play basketball hey baby you
boys made basketball by any chance do
you boys play basketball um excuse me
mates but - do any of you play sports
ball of the basketball sense of the best
it's a sports ball of the basket sense
Sonny that's fine it's all Sonny I'll
wait here while you complete the booking
we reach you with a friendly Oh No here
comes more paperwork oh no man this is
certainly a fine-looking group you got
this time Sonny look look
drugs fucking pimps pushes what do you
charge this what are you charging these
dudes with drugs who falls for a bag
type in pushers see what happens okay a
drugs it will be fill out the booking
slip and give me his property yeah
Lord Belmont the 7th guest was not the
first cd-rom game Oh the manhole was the
first cd-rom game distributed in 1992 80
and 89 and 88 on floppy disk it's
already been through ad that's probably
not the the German one yeah yeah I'm
gonna sue you for making them cups too
tight flatfoot threatens your prisoner
threatens yep prisoner yeah we'll see
about that
see about that I think you boys know
where to go it was on floppy disk n
cd-rom but it was the first on cd-rom I
hope you moisturize because we don't
provide Vaseline Oh God
up yours Dick Tracy you'll never make
this stick
hey bombs I'll wait for you in the car
my brother waiting I'm either way way
there right now I'm gonna be I'm gonna
be literally right behind you
this is incredibly rude of you smell
chicken are you checking your tweets
what are you doing in the car all right
here we go
looks like you'll be a valued addition
and narcotics bounce valued addition
also to my vagina I suppose not
necessarily an addition so much as a
welcome gift and we're after the motel
happens where we going I feel so lost
accident we're doing we're doing all the
work go back to the police station I
suppose we're done with our shift
he's a tampon right yeah yeah you know
it was a sex it was a sex joke Sonny
I'll go right up this arrest mm-hmm good
because you're a woman that's all you're
good for
I'm gonna go do mad things I'll bet jack
is I bet jack is over at that blue room
why don't you go tell him we nailed the
rat who was dealing dope at Jefferson
High that's right you could do women's
work I'm gonna be at the bar ha ha ha
doing man's work like drinking whiskey
smoking unfiltered No here's the
question we just stopped off at the
police station do I have to get out and
check the car I'm gonna do it just in
case
well now you get into your own car right
yeah drive the undercover car to the bar
I'll do it I what the real question is
do you have to like shower and stuff but
I guess you're already in street clothes
some habits okay you're driving the
undercover car yeah Jesus Christ why not
I don't give a shit it's a perk it's a
perk
that's a perk all right I think you're
gonna get shit for that you saved
did you save yeah I did okay Oh God too
many white cars which ones you where is
the damn place not not there well I'm
the one that blew off because I'm always
the one that blows up right the place is
is off you were head in the right
direction generally we get the map let
me get the map back right in front of me
literally just it just turned directly
in front of me there's nothing I could
do
so you want a head to your right oh my
god another car turned right in front of
me so go up and right yeah good hey you
yielded I want to go around so I don't
get stopped at that fucking red light
sure down down down and then uh and then
take as soon as you can go right again
yeah that right Oh for fuck's sake
and yes favorite customer this game
right here police quest is another ps4
exclusive we're really enjoying the
graphical fidelity it has the makeups
but definitely tough to do all the
typing using the ps4 controller rich has
gotten pretty good at it no now you're
here don't crash don't crash just tell
crash
this is one of the better Sierra games I
think I think this is fun
I love the quest for glory games but
there's some this is a grinding I love
it they like merged an adventure game
with a role-playing game
really so there's combat oh that's no
that's not why you play adventure game
yeah there's multiple solutions and you
can play as either a thief a magician or
like a warrior oh and every puzzle
there's like a thief II solution a
wizardly solution than a violent
solution that seems awesome yeah that
seems awesome very fond of that series
yet in the Blue Room Sajak seated at the
table he appears to be quite intoxicated
good it better not be a duty I've had so
much to drink I just don't know I don't
know what to do with my life oh my my
daughter and my and my wife trying to
Jed Jack you tell her about the victors
Sims arrests and how he was responsible
for selling dope at that high school
Sonny I really do appreciate you nailing
that filthy scumbag pusher but but I'm
afraid it might be too late although did
she OD g OD know my daughter Kathy is in
the intensive care ward over at little
General Hospital she's in a coma from a
drunk OD this is a light-hearted game
rich this does this write that line yeah
yeah this rides and inserts that line
there's nothing I can do that's you Oh
Sonny this there's nothing anyone can do
Sonny does not know how to deal with
human emotion
he's not good at that kind of thing he's
a hard edge copy
he's got no ruin his life for emotion
this game was directed by Christopher
Nolan bartender says for your
information sunny I have a cab on the
way for Jack okay good good I was gonna
say don't drive home drunk yeah I was
gonna say that I would sure love to
stretch the neck and then Sarah don't
pushing skub sucker that hurt your
little girl they save ya know but he's
drunk is he gonna go to the go to do
prison how can you how can you do that
don't ask about the drug daughter drugs
that's not as appropriate okay
cab driver shuts out a gold for the deck
see over here that's it for me Sonny
I'll see you later
woman get control of your emotions Maddy
can sit right this way buddy boy don't
fall down I can't do okay
oh man this is boy in bed shape oh sure
sure noble kinsman says quick call
hoochie-coochie Hanna she's the only one
that can make him feel better my god
people keep coming into this bar here
there's Keith you did I don't remember
how I did Keith I'm sorry to have to
tell you this Sonny but I have some bad
news for you
keith is a radio announcer that's fine
lieutenant Morgan sent me over here to
advise you that your boy to celli has
escaped from jail I know that no-good
dirty good-for-nothing
I was useless I must have left the door
open yeah
never just doing Weinke I try to bring
in the stuff from the streets and you
just kept complaining this is what
happens
losing the voice that's bad the voice -
Sallie jumped a guard then made it to
the exercise ward where he escaped by
climbing over the fence and possibly
that African American basketball player
at least kill that fucking Jenny there
is a citywide dragnet out for him right
now
Morgan wants to see you back in his
office ASAP it's ASAP it's an egg I just
read the line see you later
Sonny I have business to take care of
apparently yeah Keith is game show host
this is the game hyped-up is that scene
in the movie where you play that song I
just want to want to dance it out tell
your boyfriend yeah yeah no tell you a
girlfriend that's it that was long he
listened to a lot of Robin lately you
know Robin Batman and Robin no just
Robin call your girlfriend
tell her you met someone new she's great
alright get back there save save save
new that one oh god it's a long way out
of the way to go only a fucking
stoplight the police station which ones
oh you're that one I shouldn't feel like
stopping at that fuckin red light again
there's pure laziness at work
I don't think I don't think there's a
record for baldest man alive
the Rising Sun I'm sure other people
have naturally less hair than me but I
also shave and I'm sure people have less
body hair than me - I have somebody here
alopecia what's the no hair disease yeah
yeah no there
what's this or there's people who can't
even grow eyebrows right right
or what about albino folk I think they
have trouble growing hair too so there
there are many Boulder folk than me yeah
everyone here is talking about the
yellow peaches I know they chromatid my
head out when we were on the best of the
worst set it happens it happens
ooh Lord Belmont did you give us a steam
gift of the seventh Tower
I'm opening steam now Sonny come over my
about my desk
now you work hard trying to keep that
punk off from an exam oh what a shame it
was all for naught frustrating my man
does the best job and doing some dummy
just screws it up I mean that Taylor oh
what an idiot I wouldn't want to trust
that tower guard girl water fountain why
the fuck is he our guard you know you
know to review all the Hoffman file why
are they close look at that what book
that was impounded along this Cadillac
get it from Ross in the evidence lockup
that's a good idea
check it out and get back to me I I have
some other releases investigating we
next meet laughter no idea I like you
Jimmy Stewart police chief my Jimmy
Stewart has lost some of its its shine I
used to do a much better team Stewart
yeah Jimmy Stewart you should be able to
do that voice really good no smoke
nobody used to be oh yeah sorry sorry to
all many apologies to all wait hold on
whoa yeah okay hold on he wanted me to
grab the book and bring it back right
yeah I just want a look here
he's ghost meat gutless wonder initiate
plan three right of course played three
poker with JB that's been done there's
an X there right evaluation of drug
saturation plan that's been done has
been done cash profit total phone east
coast
meet gutless wonder right initiate plan
three okay me setup HD gambling that's
gambling in high definition
initiate plan for dealer are oh oh that
was the guy we just brought in I think
right didn't he have like a something
that was done Cindy $100
was there another LW meet NW boss
Ronnie worst and Laura watts just a
partner is the other girls love you mo
lunch with the Robert and W boss is
gonna be something yeah Robert G
Rossiter RG what's another $2,000
collect our G from Curt oh yeah yeah
lunch with Robert G discipline amazing
amazing
I'll return it to evidence I needed to
keep that for been yeah we need to we
can just take it but borrow book
checkout book so anything about evidence
lockers in the manual I'm on it
okay let's see here handcuffing
procedures driving codes of a one arrest
uniform personal hygiene
check out notebook how can you do that
how can you do that there's no like take
notebook can you type like take notebook
I don't know
wait a minute there's not there's
nothing in here about that okay okay
yeah we know he's new whatever
oh yeah I hear your little sweetheart is
in the can
what so yeah I think your friend sweet
cheeks maybe may be able to help us out
oh sweet paid for a few times worth
every penny I don't have sex with her I
just hold her and cry kind of Lysol with
you know got I hear that thing out oh I
have a peculiar fetish I make her fart
on my feet it seems our drug problem is
emanating from the hotel Del foreo that
they think it's a fighter feet take it
too far
loafer current state of affairs I bet
Sweet Cheeks mikata ass would be willing
to help you establish your cover at the
hotel go over to the jail and see if
she'll help you out with the hotel
operation when you get back hold a
briefing on the operation I'll call the
jail and arrange everything for you oh
great
Escobar doesn't get you far in this
particular game no no a lot of Sierra
games I use that all the time sure sure
you gonna like get like elaboration on
things oh okay not here
nope oh no they want you to figure it
out it for your damn self follow the
manual follow that damn manual
why am i driving the shitty undercover
car she was driving my Corvette
really you have your Corvette I don't
know why you're not it doesn't make any
sense to me
but hey that's I mean that's your call
you know that's your call that's your
call
sorry I've been trying to log into steam
for like the past 10 minutes huh oh yeah
someone because someone sent me a gift
none of the jail an awful lot in this
game you're a cop I can only assume cops
spend time at the jail
you're a cap when you're a cap you're in
jail I mean what that doesn't make any
sense
you are goofballs many goofballs
I'm unlike so many goofballs okay all
right
why are we at the at the gym sweet
cheeks sweet cheeks
she got good hook good old sweet cheeks
talk to that basketball guy be like hey
that hurts some dickhead pushed you down
kind of sucks to be you hmm hmm yes I am
steam gift Oh activation finally that's
a longish game what it's a lot longer
than Space Quest this yeah oh yeah
that's not a complaint just oh no and I
was saying finally because I finally
received the I don't I don't know if
we're gonna get through it
tonight ah the seventh the seventh
guests and the eleventh hour these are
games on our list of games to play we
have them now thank you thank you thank
you thank you okay oh my god well it's
about time bonds exclaims the jailer
that gal and cell one has been whining
like a lonely puppy for you do your best
to calm the girl down will yes Sonny I
don't get paid enough to listen crap
apparently you don't get paid enough to
keep criminals in jail either you're
gonna pay enough lousy you're giving a
job Lord Brahma yes thank you ooh as you
approach this sell one Sweet Cheeks
pacio and says she says Oh precious I'm
so happy to see you I don't know if you
want to do it come here and talk to me I
need your help Sonny yeah I'm sorry
Sonny but I got picked up by operation
trick trap I just knew you had a penis
oh wait I thought that was operation
trap trick my bed trap brick I know you
warned me but I thought that operation
was over I'll do anything to get out you
love to do anything for 20 bucks that's
kind of what got you in here that first
place how much will that cost me well
sweet lips you exclaim was that how to
what because I don't know bad shit I
have know a sec Mac yes this is the
woman from earlier in the game who we
got information from I am sorry precious
I just I couldn't resist you do that all
the time
it's my manliness the other good man
left in this town the town of hippies
type in Mary hooker what we marry the
hooker Mary the hooker snip allure alert
I think it happens off-camera so it's
not really a spoiler yeah oh man that's
hilarious
well please get me out of this place
please please
unzip pants big deal big deal on your
pants I don't
okay I'm suffering adventure game
fatigue what do we do how do we freeze
this well we came down here to get her
to help us right ask for help
sure or just help oh please tell me what
to do
she needs to Hotel something she needs
to take us to the hotel how can you do
that oh you're supposed to let her out
right you're supposed to take her to the
hotel get over there I'll open the door
get over there is that what he said I
got her opened door get over there I'll
open the door I agree Colonel rich
Colonel rich mustard you cannot ask or
tell open door you cannot ask or tell
you cannot ask ask
give me something tell me what to do
tell tell girl what to do
open cell door unlocked door give me a
this place you need to she needs to help
you because they're at the hotel yeah
she's part of the hotel operation I I
don't know those nose are 42 we're not
gonna open the pod bay doors unzip pants
I let's see here okay too much new key
says type help me with the hotel
operation
nope Oh Sonny I'll help you do anything
thank you so much you have any trunks
also cuz I could use I need really good
do you have heroin cuz I'm addicted to
heroin that's the thing Krieger seven
Krieger 73 says this is where these
games break down sometimes there is very
specific logic like the gamer lies yeah
yeah yeah
embarassed you feel as though all the
blood in your body has rushed to your
face that's not exactly what happens it
rushed somewhere you explain the you
know you explain the arrangement of
Sweet Cheeks immediate-release to Sweet
Cheeks as soon as you're released I want
you to go to the police station for a
meeting with the tenant Morgan got that
okay he's Sonny
it says the jailer and a loud voice
you've been messing with my female
prisoners or did you start wearing
lipstick today oh I get it yeah yeah
yeah because you kissed you were kissing
kissing ladies Morgan just called sent a
car over for Sweet Cheeks me and would
you know about lipstick that you've
never seen a woman my mom used to put it
on me when I was younger I don't know
why made me feel funny
honey are you still in the jail talking
to you have you ever eaten this music
amusing you know sometimes you have to
commit to the bit rich yeah Thank You
Ricardo have incite I was good you know
a little quieter it was appropriate for
me to not respond yeah you know wasn't
the funniest bit but I went with it your
radio crackles your radio crackles 83
neuro 10 respond to captain Cove
officers on scene need ID of 187 victim
where's cotton Cove jack we called 187
on a motherfuckin cop all right hold on
respond to cotton Cove cotton Cove going
to the map cotton cotton
what's cotton Cove
it's a place it's gotta be something a
park I'm assuming it's a different Park
but I'm not sure
that's not the Parker that we're at
wasn't it I don't know I mean I'm
assuming it's somewhere different but I
could be wrong
there's no um there's no like cotton
street and I don't see any buildings
named cotton Cove I see a building named
hotel and I see a building named Carlos
castle is there anything else that
sounds or looks like a park we can go to
it's a park I don't I don't know like a
cotton code sounds like a park to me it
could be wrong
I have I just okay that's okay that's
okay unless it's the hotel no that was
that had a different name serve with a D
sure is there a beach in this game on
yeah cotton Cove sounds like it's a
waterfront place River Road is on the
bottom so maybe cotton Cove is down
there I have no idea it's not there oh
okay well there's a beach Parkway Drive
oh it's on Park wager no no that's where
I am now
yeah okay no you're on poem well now I
am before when i radioed in it was not
it was turned I turn to the car you see
oh okay
that's the thing you can do that is the
thing you can do that's the hotel down
there I'm assuming oh yeah that was the
hotel that doesn't look like a cotton
cove is cotton Cove motel that's the
coffee shop
it's at the bottom they're saying it's
at the bottom of the screen sinnerman
says it's at the bottom screen
cinnamon we're trusting you not like we
know anything better Oh also save
they're saying I think I did I'll do it
again yeah fuckin on it oh you have to
redo them back oh it did it just say
where Oh if you radio back it would tell
you where to go that dickhead okay idea
buddy
you would go oh man not this guy jacks
up bummer
look at him looking fucking jack oh he
is tweaked to shit good to see you Sonny
he says he got a ripe one here but no ID
since it did you arrested since you're
the guy who booked him welp you can
identify him
well sign is this Steve is this Jason to
selling or not easy way to find out
to mark Boudreau because the emergency
lights flashing and the Kevin body and
the clearing clouds the natural beauty
of gotten cold the body is covered by a
blanket which you can clearly see with
your own damn eyes and you didn't need
to type that in to search and look
around at that because it's just you can
see it's right there kind of detective
ice you lift the white blanket and
examine the swollen body it resembles
Jason to sully whoever you can't be sure
remove shirt yeah to the soggy shit piss
slowly from his chest but his left
nipple you spot the flower tattoo which
confirms your identification nice are
you doing that's it man are you going to
inform dispatch as Steve that's a good
idea Steve gonna do that cat I know what
cops do I am one so shut up and keep
your opinions to yourself you keep the
radio dispatch this is 83 door at 10
and by the way Nora's a girlie name we
need to change them report positive ID
on body of one Jason to sully 10 a cat
and cold your radio crackles Ted 483
Nora 10 that's an awful lot of numbers I
just said
dispatch copies 1022 APB Jason too silly
thanks honey
I am SETI I'm talking to myself now
thanks City
advice corners and road 10:19 her
lieutenant Morgan I said to myself it
really should have been young job well
handcuffed Jack he did it questions are
we required to wait for the coroner well
talked to Jack now he's sitting there on
googly-eyed look at Jack look at Jack
alright doctor talk to him you'll have a
great conversation I'm sure he doesn't
he doesn't look like much meat talks
thanks for your help City this is Steve
I was talking to Jack Steve Oh Steve's
in cahoots seen the wax out of your ears
Steve's in cahoots he's covering for
Jack I'll ruin a man's talking to you in
that well maybe turn to Jack talk to him
no seddie Steve that's not gonna be
Steve you're not the guy had tried to
duck - what's wrong with you what's
wrong with your face
Steve Steve what's your last name
buttinsky
Steve had problems big problems
jumpin river how can you do it
wha-what gun casings are what I would
even look for evidence right wat walk
slowly into River drowning yourself that
was the best animation that's great yeah
that's and by the way that's just how
the story ends
that's how the game ends is that how the
night ends right I mean we gonna top
that is it only 10:30 and there's a
chunk of game left and I'm I'm kind of
I'm kind of adventure game doubt that's
a great place and yeah
you dying in the river it's a great
place to ended now everyone understands
my text games rules absolutely Oh bother
that little his little drowning ovation
just look at it again
that's just great okay oh that's great
all right we'll finish this next time
yeah yeah but uh but thank you thank you
ever oh wait we have some new
subscribers
yeah that's right shadow feline Jack and
Keith were just like well that was the
choice he made now he has to deal with
it read reread some no big deal no Quinn
some niak Harry Fed Ex men's side no I
read that one oh okay so week three you
got you got rethink this is fine that's
fine
it's really not a big deal Marc Besson
lone Breton lumber Hyundai can't be
right hello any are Parkin LUN loader
are gone puffy the air bag bear thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we've really - oh and jumpin
Deer River thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers and thanks to everyone
else who just came out we really
appreciated this is a really fun game
and I hope you enjoyed us playing well
we'll be back on Wednesday hopefully
with either
some more this or some more something
else well do something simple do
something I don't I know Karen's gonna
be in town and the first week of June
okay we're at flame monster party
monster party yeah
all right probably some other nest games
- all right at the very least some
monster party and a Karen episode all
right that sounds great all right good
night everyone
why are we not we're not doing a
fake-out