Episode 292
Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 6)
June 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVT-tgORh8M
___________________________________________

mallamma ding donged so you know who
I've been really into lately who Robin
not like Robin like Batman Batman Robin
okay Robin the singer
she has this song called call your
girlfriend which is totally my jam right
now it's about her being like the side
chick and being like I'm ready to step
up so you have to call your girlfriend
to break up with her because I'm here
and it's awesome Wow
sounds like a horrible person yeah but
it's like that kind of like horrible pop
musician that you're totally down with I
mean that horrible musician I mean she
sounds like a horrible person yeah oh I
got me yeah but I still think it's fun
hi everybody
no no best of the worst if anyone saw a
little bit of best of the worst there
was an issue with the export it'll be
back up a little bit time we render and
everything re render it out and then
re-upload it to YouTube it'll take a
little bit but you'll get it we didn't
watch it first but I don't know what
went wrong
did you watch it through final cut is
Jay what he did what happened you you
probably were watching it like in the
editing software and then he set it to
export because it takes a while to
export I am Not sure and then he didn't
watch it which you know you don't watch
everyone all the time but you're sipping
your supposed to watch the full video we
watch it in HD and I don't know I know
there's a game here it's basically Jay
and Mike are to blame this is basically
what we're saying so so let's blame Jay
because it's more fun that way okay
I'm all fine with blaming someone other
than myself saved row thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
saved row appreciate sa a ve D ro so
saved
so maybe it's SAF drones Saavedra I know
it's not frosty snooze what zeros
instead of O's cuz that's that's leet
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do for both of you
thank you
alright learn my game where's my game
where we left off we're drowning in a
river oh my god here's gonna be the real
hard thing about today's stream rich is
we need to remember all the wacky voices
I have one that matters only one that
matters what's that that's funny
oh that's right oh do you remember
Sunday into the streets yeah I'm gonna
walk in this river again why not
did you walk in the river sunny sunny oh
crap I messed up my tweet alright so is
there anything else we need to do we
identified the body is that is that in
search body look look at body
looking wound somebody got shot
sure are there any police procedures in
the manual about a dead body uh I will
know in just one moment I messed up my
tweet you still tweeting I stopped my
tweet so I had to retweet collecting
data and solid baked thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do we appreciate it all right
let's see here what we have is levels of
enforcement physical arrest procedures
handcuffing procedures driving codes
Jack I typed in eat body this is that
popped up once you taste today you
wouldn't want it oh god that's wrong
somebody program that in figuring that
somebody like me yeah we're trying to
eat the body they thought of that in
that great better that's great you don't
get that with the fucking point and
clicks there is no bottle of body
handing handling yes I did I did
activated that thingy that records the
subscribers just figured you know wasn't
much going on and may as well thank the
people who were already subscribed it's
true that's true okay so we identified
the body as who do you remember who that
was this is the first guy we met the
first guy we were first guy we arrested
was the drunk there's the guy with the
tattoo this is the guy with the nipple
tattoo yes who was who busted out of
jail mm-hmm and someone killed him yeah
okay assuming we're done here
so that's adjacent to cellie yeah okay
thanks for your help
great thanks for your help save so Steve
yeah I forget which one Steve was seems
the blonde jack oh yes oh and Steve the
blonde was the radio show announcer and
then Jack was the was the elderly Jewish
man following me to my car
why are you following me what's going on
oh that's strange
oh he's stuck weird that is weird you
know what that is weird now he's
standing right in front of the card
suppose when I Drive away
we'll just mold this guy down just drive
right over my hope Thanks
I hope you don't I really want to
re-watch Mad Max by the way yeah me too
really max is so fucking good and we
talked about how much we love the new
Mad Max I think in general we have we
won't get into any specifics cuz you
know we don't want to spoil anything yet
and we should probably wait until like
Jays here and then we can just me if
idiots haven't seen it yet go fucking
sicko fuckin see it it's Mad Max give
the money they made great movie then
they make a money action movie they
finally made their money back finally
made the money well okay
it took him it took him like a week to
make their money man look here's what
disappointed me with all the practical
effects cuz I want where I'm mostly one
it's for practical effects to catch back
on ok
and I don't think just making their
money back is gonna be enough to have a
revitalization in the industry for
practical effects this movie wouldn't
even gain Buster's it's for that to
happen and it hasn't well now everything
else is now everything's profit
it's basically and this doesn't count
DVD sales video on-demand sales like
it's gonna make money its profit now as
V V V the tape decreases exactly been in
the theatre for two weeks exactly but
it's not it's not gonna be gang Buster
is not gonna be gangbusters so they will
not make shitload of movies with good
practical effects brother well
everything was for not only George
Miller we did get one good movie out of
it we did and here's the thing George
Miller
he's only 70 he's still gonna may he has
like 1012 more films in him he's gonna
be fine what are we what are we doing
what's on the docket
well we got so now I guess head back to
the station
oh with her Murray and the operation
Sweet Cheeks
3
the operation oh that's right the whole
duration hotel so do we need to head to
the hotel oh I'm sure we need to go to
the police station probably taking ready
for operation hotel yeah and see you
know what I think pray Lord Belmont says
I like practical effects but I wish more
movies would be shot on film and I don't
care what movies are shot on film
digital as long as it looks good I don't
care
yeah and practical effects always look
better than digit yes this movie is
proof of that and I'm okay with digital
effects I'm not as hardcore as some
others here at red letter media are
about digital effects I'm okay with
digital effects but like the film shot
on film shot on digital thing does not
bother me my least favorite thing in
masked man Mad Max was the one thing
that was obviously CGI the the storm
that they do show on the trailers all
that stores so cool there yeah but you
know it's like the storm isn't like the
focal point it's just there yeah except
on the one card does get sucked into it
but you also see in the trailers exactly
that's right that's right perfect our
capture the light in the best way
possible that's the thing and you know
those are those red cameras look really
pretty those Alexis look really pretty
and they're a ton easier to use in the
field then film cameras are and so if we
can get better looking stuff quicker
turnaround time yeah someone's saying it
needs to make 300 million to break even
150 million yeah but that the production
budget is not counting advertising yeah
and usually you estimated advertisers
are really hot or heavy million hours
for the advertising that's been done on
this movie it could be oh my god okay it
could be that's a fair estimation I've
heard I've read reports that we should
really estimate it's about 50 million
worth of advertising because it wasn't
total saturation unlike Jurassic world
Jurassic world is fucking everywhere
yeah yeah and I'm absolutely zero
interest right so their advertising is
projection well no they're there
actually hurt I hear hybrid dinosaur I'm
like I'll fuck off the report just came
out today that they are expecting a huge
opening weekend yeah I don't know why
why are people hyped about it I have no
idea just because they love the
franchise and here's the thing last two
are black people don't love the
franchise people love the first movie
when you step over to my gosh okay okay
I've devised a plan to infiltrate their
their Grambling Sheena the Hotel del
Floria
what's that Morgan we get the time
Morgan begins truck honey hi I want you
to check into the hotel under the name
of Jimmy Lane brakes 10 I read that that
there was something they planned it to
be Stein but they forgot the other yeah
thanks toons a weird name
yeah he continues Mitch sweet chicks in
the hotel cocktail lounge okay
Sybil sweet cheeks that you're right up
again the operation by ordering a drink
she'll pretend to recognize you as
whitey her old friend who we recently
released from prisons
she'll introduce you to the bartender
Whitney Roberts whom we believe was the
contract ran for the rap room hustle
nice nice so whitey whitey it took four
notes well we're we're Jimmy Lee
Bankston aka whitey yeah baby
great enter the bartender is woody
Roberts who she's going to introduce us
to he's the guy for the knees the
contact man for the back room hustle
hustle back room man gotcha he's the
back door mayor how do we feel about the
new Terminator movie and do you think
there's any chance it will be good I
don't think there's any chance that will
be good though it might be deliciously
convoluted Lee bad but III think there's
zero chance for quality because it's it
looks like the exact opposite of
everything I liked about the first Tomb
Raider which my simple perfect
story quality quality storytelling and
this just looks like a clusterfuck
quality storytelling with a with a hi
premise yeah right yeah
killer robot sent from the future yeah
now what's the cost refer now it's a
clusterfuck it well and more so it's a
clusterfuck banking on brand recognition
the only reason this movie exists in its
cluster fuckity form is because of the
Terminator franchise yeah you'll be
carrying a large sum of money out and
Mark those of course and it'll turn to
behavior for action nice
lieutenant Morgan Clues so flora develop
your disguise I'll let her fill you want
out of the details great which ones
Laura she's the blonde sunny she's the
one you're doing kind of something for
ya
sunny I've picked out a white suit for
you Laura says and by the way we've
decided your hair must be bleached my
hair because you gotta you gotta look
different you're an undercover cop now
you'll walk with the aid of this special
cane its handle is really a detachable
22 caliber Magnum Magnum derringer
suddenly were James fuckin Bond fuck you
sweet when the need arises you will
carry a voice transmitter disguised as a
plain looking ballpoint pen totally
James blonde yeah later
I picked up these supplies at the beauty
shop take this bottle of bleach cream
activator into the shower and bleach
your hair also I need you to shave your
balls
that's not further mission that's for
later
that's all I that's all I have concludes
Laura sweet cheeks do you have anything
to add an excited voice sweet cheeks
Oh sunny so happy we get to work with
you oh why
it's almost brings a tear to my eye I'm
looking forward to spending tonight
working with you at the hotel
I know y'all gone I used to do it so
good that was devolved into the
transformation is complete oh I wish it
who's that Julie Julie Julie
sergeant Dooley his voice cracking
interrupts the meeting oh he's the
crankies Arjun my regretful duty to
inform you that I've just received a
phone call from Jack calm his daughter
Cathy just died without ever regaining
consciousness enjoy her lighthearted
game kiddies what was she supposed to
die oh did we lose because she died
that's it
No that's fucking crazy rectum
immediately jack is on extended family
leave Jack's taking this really hard his
brother's staying with him and he
requests no visitors
I'm sure sympathy goes out to Jack
there's climb a need oh my god so Jack
totally killed that guy might not like
it
my guess is Jack is the one that Wells
up inside you you vowed revenge for
Cathy's senseless death by tracking down
the dope world animals responsible I
love your sunny inner monologue great
yeah ed Witten
the the the chief of police is now
Mickey Mouse because rich lost his my
Jimmy Stewart is gone yeah oh did you
tell you took the sunny you've been
wiping dope from the lockup Oh Sonny you
been swiping dope from the lockup or are
you just trying to walk over me just cuz
you wants to
did you take the activator and hair dye
and whatnot no I'm assuming this stuff
is in the locker right
I thought they handed it oh did they say
it was in your locker I thought they
handed it to you there is maybe that's
it that's a mandatory okay I'm gonna
take a shower
now I'm not gonna just dump bleach on my
hair well you have to do it in your
shower yeah I just wanted to make sure
you had it on your person oh okay I'm
with you I'm assuming you need to be in
the shower for the hair bleach yeah oh I
agree no I just wanted to make sure you
had it on your person or if you forgot
it in the office you know like if you
forgot to pick it up always always have
your towel I don't know what you're tell
us yeah yeah Daunte doomsday says if
previously recorded just becomes YouTube
playing text-based video games and doing
weird voices I'll be happy and
completely finally we do enjoy this we
do obviously we will do this regularly
just not all the time we'll get back to
you know the real games soon the
shooters with the FPS is of 60 at least
60 definitely but the bleach on your
head not what's active a use activate or
know what scrub hair bleach hair use
activator oh oh there's an activator
yeah you pay more attention than I did
I'm on it
what I guess maybe rub it hair please
done where's your activator you stubbed
the hair blue I guess rub your hair
again I thought there was an activator
what's a rub right look at bottle or
bleach
there's probably instructions sure
you're right
Oh mins hair green
with great anticipation you carefully
rinse the bleach from your hair yep
filthy hair don't feel like the street
does he like the streets
oh the streets of the scum and last
you'll finally find out if blondes
really have much but you know that's the
thing like the humour of the game mixed
with you by the way Jack's daughter
Cathy just died I'm a drama drug
overdose in the hospital she never
regained consciousness and never had a
chance to say goodbye to her family but
now I'm gonna find out if blondes really
do have more fun just riding that line
so how do I have muck fun with blondes
it's a Razors Edge Ridge razor's edge
Jesus now shaved balls do you think I
had a girly man shave what do you think
I am Cuban what you think I'm a Japanese
is something right I'm I'm sorry
something do Japanese shave their balls
shut up anybody knows they do that well
no effect initiate manscaping right
you tried to bleach my balls no don't
try to place your balls because even if
you can you don't want to I don't know
what kind of day you're going on tonight
but maybe your asshole just like make
sure it's shiny clean ah one or both of
these is yours oh cool what is it okay
they're not gonna let me drive the
Corvette for this this undercover
mission I don't get the drive the vet oh
yes take your undercover bullshit oh my
god
I still have no idea what this is it's
some sort of I'm holding a MOLLE a large
bottle of mystic sissone renaud from
Chelsea Massachusetts someone in the
chat may have sent this it looks like a
pilsner malt sus hops
looks like a giant bottle of beer that
I'm very very excited to drink chug it
Nellie one bottle so Jane do you wanna
talk about litigate what happened with
the wheel the wheel itself destroyed the
episode do you wanna you wanna come and
sit and chat oh I will get you a
microphone ready Oh wonderful 15 years
of service have come to this wearing a
pimp suit to meet a hooker now that's
professional advancement wouldn't my
money be proud what if this is a weird
game oh my god
now you pimp Larkin Bowie look at what
you've got there Masterson
look he's what you've got there
that's the Brad yes that's what he said
wait where's my pen huh they were
supposed to give me a pen right and the
radio pen oh yeah you do need your radio
pen I need to get a radio pen you get on
it man yeah how much be saver
okay okay
get your fucking do you have your cane -
yeah oh good that's in my hands I can't
put can't put down my pimp cane oh I
didn't see Colonel Sanders yeah oh yeah
I'm undercover as some kind of pimp I
think you have - Colonel Sanders we have
to break up a drug and prostitution ring
it's very important here
Jackie mind if I have one of your IPA
you may have one of my ideas in fact I
insist
okay
lorises oh I need a microphone boy
hello sunny Laura what's greasy
lieutenant Morgan is waiting for you
you'd better get over there
how's it hanging big boy oh she's just
she's cracking wise she's cracking wise
cuz you're pimping crack-a-lackin' I
don't give a shit
thank you did you adjust the level as I
said that I did because my mouth was
right on the micro did it oh then you
might be a little quiet Mickey Mouse
yeah Mickey Mouse's are is our police
chief okay if you love type you will get
on your duties at the hotel
contact me I'll send over a team of
detectives serve your pebbles $10,000
and you sure hit funny mr. big oh that
is the first mention of mr. big yep I
mean you could say don't forget that we
want mr. bigger oh by the way we're
looking for mr. bacon just in the office
intercom mulches come on look out a warm
homicide detective officer Howell photos
all on the line for you wait you wait
patiently about Morgan grumbles on the
phone when the conversation ends Morgan
Morgan relates Hamilton's comments on
the floater found this morning and
gotten go
Morgan says okay so J yes while we have
a moment in between characters but if we
get introduced to a new character you
will have to do a voice would you like
to explain what happened with the the
glittering victim very simple
wouldn't realize until we upload it we
always you know we'll watch the episode
like my geta to this one so I hadn't
seen it so we'll watch it you know
straight through before we upload it but
we watched the HD version we didn't
watch the web version so we did not
double check the web version so you
export to different versions we export
of just a full HD one just to have it
yeah and then we export a web version oh
okay interesting yeah we do and that's
the completely uncompressed HD sure and
then we do an HD web one which is a much
smaller file of course so we didn't we
didn't watch that one out of time watch
the full one instead and so there's a
problem but now I have all this
wonderful material to make in an
experimental music video with I think I
have to do something with that as some
of it was really weird people are
posting screenshots and stuff I saw like
they were tweeting at us yeah that's the
thing is I don't know if the full motion
is as weird and creepy as some of the
stills they might do a combination of
both mmm but I want to make some sort of
music that's great but it's funny
because it's like the first part we
spend so much time talking about the
let's sing and dance yeah like that's
like like over the first half of the
video we're gonna blow up I fucked up
didn't check the car oh whoa yep nope
there we go
you lost the game yeah cuz it did you
didn't check your pimp check minute
check them car that's it good you saved
yeah okay so yeah this is it it wasn't
just a matter of re-uploading the
episode like we have to react sport it
which for anyone not familiar takes a
long fucking time for an hour video at
1080 quality oh god it takes hours yeah
like that's why I came back here check
to see how far along the export is
because I started hours ago and it's
like a quarter of the way done oh geez I
mean yeah it does rain in final cut
anyway it ramps up after a while yeah it
was quicker but it's slow going for the
first few hours geez
final cutter do you go take it to
compressor uh we use final cut usually
right although the last couple videos
have actually exported from premiere
trying trying different things but I
were you were you exporting right from
premiere did you send it over to media
encoder right from Perth next time send
it over to Media encoder because then
you can keep using premiere oh sure but
I only meant usually what I'm exporting
I'm not planning to do anything else
anyway oh sure recruit more RAM yes we
need more RAM we don't have what's the
super powerful Mac the pro I guess the
funnel the pop I used to have the power
mac way back in the day Oh super slow
now yeah they don't even have towers
anymore it's like a little canister
looking this isn't a beautiful-looking
it apparently funnels air for better
cooling okay but yeah I would probably
export quicker with the head yeah we
don't have that you would also export
quicker with something like premier
because Final Cut only takes care of
about it only uses about half of your
available ram what you're saying is you
need to stop using your your I watch I'm
exporting the the the episode on my iPad
oh really
yep will be ready in three weeks the
episode
you know doohickey there are those of us
who really like the Mac operating system
and yeah I'm one of those people there I
hate PCs I hate working with them yeah
especially with what we do
Mac's are quality with straight
nightmare they work very well with
editing software I've I've heard many a
horror stories of people working on pcs
I've experienced horror stories of
editing on PC yeah the reason I switched
over to Mac yeah I was my sole reason
for switching over to Mac years and
years ago was for video editing ah and I
suppose yeah you're right we were pcs
just mean personal computers we're
talking about Windows machines are we
don't much care for them this is not an
important debate to be having no settle
down everyone we could build the
hackintosh that's true but part of the
thing that makes Apple so do you know
where the hotel is
yeah okay oh yeah we went by it we went
by an earlier is you know because Apple
is kind of in charge of all the software
that gets onto the Mac they can kind of
specially build their hardware and
software to work together is the rumor
at least I don't know if it's true but
oh man this is a swanky hotel yeah good
thing you got your pimp clothes on they
won't let you in without pimp clothes
hahahaha equip pimp clothes promptly can
you can you hand man five dollar bill
change you might be the doorman no okay
oh how does maybe the door by the way
the door mate open the door for you slip
in my little fibers thank you man I can
play one character you should know this
by now I can play myself anything we've
ever done I'm playing myself cuz I can't
act yourself can be the doorman this is
what I hear you say something I guess
may I open the door for you yay
oh yeah thank you oh yeah
Oscar rule okay now slip in the Benjy No
- I can't type how can you do that well
let me dip them in oh then you are not
hi I'm Ella no I'm not a high-rolling
pimp you start with pimp yes you have to
be a high-rolling pimp if they're gonna
believe your story now where were
supposed to meet like a bar or something
we're supposed to well first looks like
a ballad a you should ring it are you
sure I don't know yeah I don't know what
you're doing do it ring bell this is
dusk you can ask where the bar goes
straight to something this isn't one
door it's gotta be the bar one freakin
door yeah we go I found the bar my own
didn't need the damn desk for that oh
hey there's that sweet cheeks
I'm gonna save it in case I didn't drink
at all look at her cans
look at her pixel cans the cans of beer
II mean that around the bar there yeah
yeah absolutely pick them sweet sweet
pixel cans we're not interested sir
who said that oh I think Sweet Cheeks
said that I suppose worse yeah usually
remember you're supposed to order a
drink and then she comes up to you are
old friends
get it together rich well sorry
we're why we're vodka what so this is
the worst bartender ever what am i baby
drink what kind of drink you dickhead
nice sweet sweet chicks pretentious just
noticed you what why it is that you see
shucks why a whitey is so good to see
you tried some before strung out if we
can dismiss sick time long time strung
out not at which I don't know it's been
such a such a long time usually guess
I'm a little bit desperate oh come on
cheeks say let's sit at that table over
there sit your gams down it kind of
looks like you have a boner there I know
that's your pimp cane in quotes leave
courts open that's your pimp cane here
comes the bartender Oh Mario's coming
over you leave Mario out of this you
mean Italian jumping man he goes sir
that'll be on that house that's you oh
no well uh how about it sweet cheeks
are you gonna introduce me to your new
friend I'd like you to meet Jimmy Jimmy
Lee bang Stein but everyone I know it
cause of a whitey so sweet cheeks
ladies - dear old friend that I haven't
seen for over here oh god I need some
crack few minutes well let me check his
balls
excuse yourself to powder her already
heavily powdered nose oh I get it like
she does cocaine yeah both vixen hook
this off oh yeah
let's see here what do you what'd he do
for living
oh come on I present the unemployed just
take it easy
no enjoying life looking for a good time
you tell him hi what if it huh good time
give it up time you know I mean no I'm
talking about you get the drift of my I
want it any action you'll show me where
the action is right and then please
carefully explain what the action is
into my pen which is not a microphone
and in a bed did you get your pen I
don't know I might not I might not have
maybe we all fucked it maybe this is one
big fuck up it's yours I just finished
doing a little bit of time for the crime
for a crime doesn't lead and I have
another chance to learn a job yet you
tell you tell woody acting surprised at
your slip you lower your voice and say
badge appreciate your keeping that
information under your hat okay that
buddy look what do you shoes me that I
can trust him
oh Jesus Christ those pixel tits that's
her name now pixel pixel that's what I
started by her legs the weird way she
was oh yeah alien cheeks pretends even
after the drinks and your conversation
with the bartender what he Roberts his
side lift about any backroom gambling we
have to crack this nut man hey sweet
cheeks
I say loudly how'd you like to go to
Vegas with me for the weekend
you know Vegas where they gamble cuz I'd
really liked it is some debiting and i
just don't know where to find any
gambling around here but but I'm such a
gambler such a horrible gambler as an
addiction I spend so much money on
gambling that's why I had to do that
embezzlement earlier that's how I landed
up in jail because of my gambling
addiction by horrible horrible addiction
to gambling I don't understand what
you're talking about mr. Sweet Cheeks
acts quite excited as she accepts my
offer
Oh guys I think I think Jackie likes to
gamble huh that's so weird wonder what I
should do about that well I guess I'll
just go pour more milk you know looking
at milk is that all milk and it's are
they're all glasses a mellow what were
specialty milk bar so we got goat's milk
cows milk cats milk sweet cheeks squeals
this is so exciting Sonny
I mean whitey no it's falling apart
shoot shoot Sweet Cheeks right there
with your cane I really I just said up
big so did Kevin Dame
what do we do now something we have to
do something well why don't we try going
into one of those other chain Merck
money you don't have the pin maybe
that's why you can't get in yet shit
where were you supposed to get the pen
from from southerner that pen I don't
have it now son of a bitch this could be
bad
you better go back and get that pen how
can we do that I don't know you spender
you don't have it I'm desperate get out
of there get the pen how can you do that
have a pen in your wallet what are you
thinking I'm looking for the pin go back
to the police station you get your
family then nobody would give me a pen
I trained well rich is searching first
Ben J how many times have you seen Mad
Max now I've only seen it once so I want
to see it 20 more times but I've only
seen it once right I'm gonna talk her
into saying it
you shouldn't have to talk very hard
it's awesome everybody loves it go see
it okay oh yeah
I've heard that's good from literally
everyone what what I want to know from
literally everyone before we go on
before we have to redo all this it's
depends something I actually missed or
something gonna hand me a pen as we go
on I'm looking at the chat now just cuz
I don't want to waste time if somebody
in the chat wants to spoil us and by the
way everyone in the chat I appreciate
all of your pen15 Club jokes I think
those are very appropriate I don't know
what they mean the pen15 Club what is
that remember you write pen 15 on
someone's 400 you just like you just
explain that to me recently that came
out having nothing to do with the chat I
just talked about pen15 Club with Jay
this is weird what were we talking about
some prank conversation talking about
pranks we were drinking it doesn't
matter okay let's see here zhu-li have
interested in getting spontoon I think
gonna get by doing just to play him I
don't see any I don't think anyone knows
okay okay hmm you have to go it's in the
it's got to be in the police station do
you know where it might be
well no just before living the cocktail
lines us Sweet Cheeks to remain at the
table well you try to get woody to open
up Oh with my fist oh well maybe you go
this route I guess but you don't have
the pen well it'd be ten I want to
gamble you slip the bartender in 20 and
then it happens in a suddenly sup voice
the budtender asks lady exactly what are
you looking for in the way of a good
time
cuz I'll do a no I'll do reach-arounds
I'll do deep throat Oh gambling just
about anything I tell him but women
gambling and money and women are at the
top of my list and also women because
I'm a man those are drugs oh I like
drugs and gambling and women any drugs
you want to give me tell me all of the
illegal things please speak into this
pen that I don't have well why dear
there is a little card game in our back
room that is available by invitation
only is the pretty serious it'll cost
you 200 just to get into the game if you
think you can handle it come back a
little later with the 200 and I'll see
what I can do for ya with you had
betting you are through I offer it my
decks and it sure I might be right back
after I finished with pixel tits
you did good honey
real good almost blow and I give it back
there when you snubbed me by my real
name Sonny I mean I mean waiting oh god
I hope the bartender wasn't listening
when I
submit and the bartender is like I think
I should restock the milk sweet cheeks
smiles she says oh this is fun but it'd
be a little bit more fun if I had some
crack this is this is getting my
adrenaline pumping it's almost like a
drug but it's not as good as drugs let's
get some drugs you know girls like they
bounce when she walks that's weird right
save this yeah probably got to redo all
this because I don't have a pen the pen
with the microphone in it
what'll it be
hey man come back after you ditch the
broad and I'll see what I can do hey did
you need any more milk it makes a body
good my strong buddy I like strong
buddies you've been on the customer in
the last eight months well develop
strong bodies but I'm not secretly a
homosexual I just like strong muscular
well-built bodies with good healthy
bones his cuffs are of crack okay
someone is saying you get the pen later
oh good good okay now you can ring that
Bell
good day sir
let's see here hell may I help you
hey Francesca choice you like the French
I've led my goddamn room that's for
goddamn room how can you do that get
room we have a vacancy in a rumty of
horror on the second floor all of our
rooms are very clean and nicely
furnished with telephones queen-size
beds that there will be a 100 American
dollars please pay man you had to click
$100 100 smackeroonies he asked you to
fill out the registration card you do
under the name of Jimmy Lee Bankston the
American name I think you very much sir
here are your keys I hope you enjoy
yesterday yeah you're gonna stay in boot
it down yeah I know what you do with the
girl yeah I don't I had an accident
I'm not being this they got cut off it's
not a big deal like I live a normal life
mostly I see it when I pee
you make me sick yeah I am also under
many drugs I'm not fresh actually I'm
just my face is now formed from all the
drugs their bare lives okay I go
anything out of accent long periods wait
don't remember anything I think I killed
a man last month button after you fill
out the register the desk clerk says
what uh just there take the elevator
door to the second floor
your room is to the right through the
door I arrived is the drugs I hope you
get your money's worth buddy
as we three things
Renai pixel dear to remember no more to
jello in the bathtub okay okay Sealy
they're hard I'm a teacher in Spanish
they're fine fine
oh my god that's an elevator yeah
there's a fireplace that's what I love
to read well in the elevator is four
buttons Mac one two three and Thor what
could they possibly do these numbers
mean my superior detective skills and
figure out would you push the button to
open the elevator and then you push the
floor you want it just worse you just
have to type the morgue and say push
first - apparently it's some
voice-activated elevators oh okay
- so this games from the future you're
saying yes I can tell by - the graphics
come on pixel didn't do it for speaking
of voice activation from the future we
were over at my sister-in-law's house
over Memorial Day weekend and my boys
were so excited because they have an
Xbox with the like voice command Xbox
and so they wanted to watch some Netflix
and we said sure go ahead and yeah they
couldn't find the remote and so my my
brother-in-law says Xbox on did he say
it like that
he said just like that and he like waved
his hand like a Jedi in front of the TV
Oh Mike I'm the Xbox and the TV turned
on and my boys were shocked they were
like what and then they everytime they
said a voice commands who they would
like point their hand at the TV it was
amazing and they were like can we get
one and I said no no we cannot it was
great you can talk to Suri on my phone
they want to exactly
Oh breath we're face
you're trying to look at her face and
talk to her says you're not close enough
you got to be probably looking into her
face I'm like I was done I was doing
that before wasn't working oh hey
doesn't matter
maybe it come up from behind a know what
I'm saying you get my bed in the bed oh
no yes just do that yourself
Oh we'll get him the first man has ever
been rejected by a prostitute loan Oh
should we get away to get rid of her and
go back downstairs are they gonna do up
here or need to do I wonder jump out the
window
I'm sick of my life how can you do that
open window the window ACS lengthy
everything so we're expecting you break
wind okay
damn it I can't kill myself pleasure
pixel tits Oh what do we have a phone
number now we have swimming weight we do
have a phone number that's an old one
that was that's an old one though I'm
just from the girl we pulled over oh
that's right
okay maybe she wants to come over you
know a little menage yeah Little Nicky
Minaj oh he gonna have a threesome if
you want your crack established in this
game but she's addicted to crack or is
that just she's a prostitute so the odds
are she's addicted to crack that's very
uh that's very really close I know it
have you rich
oh well I'm gonna drawers the dresser
and as expected you find nothing
you should dial 555 pens good token I
said
the bathroom use toilets you enter a
sigh of relief as you expel the 18 cups
like nothing than have been wreaking
havoc on your bladder
oh you think muck clearly no that's good
that's nice I have to use the bathroom
now that you've gone to the bathroom you
can you can pleasure Sweet Cheeks get
back in the room that is not gonna work
no again damn it sweet cheeks women you
crack whore sprinkle crack on bed and
then quick run out and lock the door she
just goes right for that bed she's a
professional oh did you care where its
bartender precious not with you or else
do you have enough money to carry to
gambling sessions PA what yes thank you
what a polite hooker what a weird puzzle
is that what you had to do yeah I must
have missed that