Episode 297
Mario Bros. - The Karen/Echo Stream (Part 2)
July 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGr0j1fD8xs
___________________________________________

have we never played Super Metroid on
the stream right no oh my god we will we
will absolutely rectify that I love
super metroid I played a I played axiom
verge on Sunday that was basically
metroid kick make sure this is dino
wrecked rocky reco Ricky welcome I care
i'm hitting you here we I'm handing you
the control stick control stick is yours
the control stick alright alright having
that shit again indeed having that shit
again there's your meal here's your
beverage thank you I'm average sticker
saturday stream I'll have some space
stick Lords rich says that saturday
stream I'll have some space cop text
adventure for you to give me some
feedback on its modeled on police quests
ok well send us a message no it's a text
adventure stick Lord send us a message
when when you do the thing and the stuff
and and we will give you feedback on it
absolutely just like it Oh big nose the
caveman I remember that that was Genesis
I think Oh fuck's sake rich you need to
start playing the game you know how the
Haunted controller works this is
insanity absolutely or something what
what is this game Ventures of Dino Ricky
this looks interesting oh wait is this
the the bullet hell game yes okay I'm
with you I didn't I didn't expect it
looking dat cartoony
it's cute it's got like dinosaurs and
stuffing and you're a little caveman
it's nothing like big nose the caveman
somebody somebody just posted about that
I remember that game big nose the
caveman there's a cute game I think it
was probably a cave first but there's
also on the Genesis not even close to
bullet-hell well Lee and it's it's the
basic idea it gets worse it's the gray
idiots right oh fuck sake it stopped
again what is wrong with this odd did
you did you try taking out the cartridge
and blowing on it thank you Karen I got
a laugh out of Karen I don't care about
you rich oh yes rich is saving any sort
of excitement about XCOM 2 until he sees
some gameplay in general though rich
like XCOM is a game I mean how many
hours do you think you have an ex-con oh
I've got a whole lot a comical you have
a comical amount of X come and we can
only assume the same group of people are
working on ExComm to done that get you a
little excited shot by these things
either there was that a duck is that is
it slightly more bullet hellish for you
jack uh oh yeah I'm getting there now oh
hey karen is ritas rich playing right
now yeah can you do me a favor and take
them take the mouse and move the cursor
off of the screen oh it's over by him
the cursor is right in the middle of the
game
it is done thank you this controls awful
this kid Oh awful I hate it so much I
love you but I hate this so much this is
this is um you know very uh what am I
thinking what's the what's the airplane
game 1942 yeah yeah very 1942 very
granny asst mean you know it's my
birthday I get to pick you know like my
choice of two games but they've got to
be cheap games and then they're the only
games i have for a few months right oh
you know you learned to deal with what
you got if the game isn't completely
worthless you play it that's the thing
about nostalgia is is oh is that jump
yeah I want to change the game I don't
know that back in the day this is all
this is all we had we had one maybe two
games this is bad it's not supposed to
be this bed to control real or if you
just remember it wrong i think is d beds
like lousy riches d-pad is lousy I
images control okay I also think the
game might be playing you want to bring
your own d-pad next time wear your own
d-pad next time damn I'll look and see
if I get one of those adapters to plug
in an absolute classic you know real
vintage oh wait rich you have one would
you be comfortable using the keyboard no
rich Larry's in there is an NES us be at
the studio where at in the in the set
yeah I I brought it I brought it there
for the for the half of the bank said so
there is an NS there's an NES USB
controller back there somewhere in there
is a look exactly like an old this one
what color is this thing yeah it is
exactly like an old NES one but with a
USB stick all right Karen you you you
you and Jack have to hold
check while I go look for this thing
okay then you so hey apparently tell me
riches deep dark secrets of what he does
in Milwaukee that I don't know about
spill the beans while he's gone well he
he keeps saying that he goes to the
strip clubs for quote unquote research
for space comp okay because that's
something that the character space cop
would do oh okay um anthropological
study right and but but so the only
problem is he's spending a lot of time
at the strip clubs we're starting to get
a little worried about him oh well these
are the boys or the girls that were
strip clubbing it well that's see this
is the really problem is they're neither
boys and nor girls he goes there every
Thursday afternoon in which they they
feature middle-aged businessmen and they
don't really take off their clothes they
just kind of dance in their shoddy suits
pull off their time kind of wave around
exactly but they stay fully clothed yeah
are they like are they good ties or they
like like stupid novelty ties that their
families both of her father's day like
they're good ties but but then they just
hold like idle conversations with you
you know they talk about the weather
they talk about sports teams and so it's
it's a very it's very strange I'm not
ready to call it an addiction on Rich's
part but you know it's a very strange
lifestyle choice that he's making sort
of a compulsion yeah okay look there's
like dinosaur skeletons that climb out
of the ground and whatever and he turns
into steroid Reiki oh my god i just saw
that like I just see him as the super
buff caveman oh I think that is a good
question what uh Karen what do you think
about rich's beard i I'm getting used to
it I really looks it's a little it's a
little bit prickly to kiss but I'm
getting used to
I think it you know and not being the
person who has to kiss Richard space I
like the looks of it I'll tell you what
I do it's got kind of a you know a
scruffy Indiana Jones kind of vibe and
always tried to grow it before and he
never liked how it filled in on the
cheeks but you know I guess as you get
older you get Harrier you know it fills
in better than it used to for sure I I
think it works on this is red beard he
he had told me about it before I came up
and then when I saw it I went holy crap
because it's like I remember him saying
about it but i forgot about and I look
and I'm like whoa cuz it's just it's
different look what I could shave it off
and I'm like now you don't have to it's
fine no I mean I its kind of oh my
goodness that really is like vintage
retro yeah it's even like got like a
yellowish cast to it oh yeah that's I
bought that for the sole reason of
playing shovel knight I'm not I'm not
joking you know I was like it was like a
buck 50 on amazon and I got to play a
shovel knight with an NES controller and
it was perfect and wonderful a major
problem what am I Mel school is it
working can you play the game you well
that's the thing I gotta set up I need
any emotion okay thank you rich for
grabbing this controller for me that was
very rich for going to set it up for me
it's very nice of urine I'm just trying
to be helpful i was thinking logic by
even trollers YP by disparaging me for
dropping the mouse I'm just saying I
think it fell before see guess we fight
like this all the time hit up we've been
doing it for years get up up okay I'm
glad you know I'm glad I wasn't there
for that that would have been awkward
and I've been in the middle of that
horrible i don't i don't know if it's
even recognizing buttons
right was there was there any drivers to
install once you plugged it in nothing
nothing happened once I got plugged in
um no head start exactly captain epic I
don't know there's a mountain this is
the new any things that people fight
about is like where the mouse went
what's the netflix password you know
that's gonna be the new okay no just not
worry jack your fancy controllers not
doing anything why is my fancy
controller doing anything I don't know
you probably have to download a driver
or something oh I don't know how it
works I plugged it into my computer and
it worked that's all I know you know you
know what I know what do you know bill
ted lace hometown Markab don got lee
ryan crew dr. Talos smelter wedge in all
of us child bride spooky duty he luck
his strikes lucky strikes when I rmt for
Christ's crow usque CRO I escaped scoot
mehul gun roar gotten roar buttermilk
biscuits ahhhhh looks and and oz mike
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we very much do
all right um yeah let me try plugging
into a different port we'll see if it
recognizes it
this is nothing 111 huge disaster after
the other yes that's kind of that's
that's kind of our thing rich right I
heard of book ooh that's that's uh which
is promising that's promising those that
the bump means something happens
installed successfully good boom boom
it's happening we're doing it alright
hit up really did you hit up shit left
you know I'm gonna close this program
inside the program ran that's great yes
zool tonight jack is coming to you from
a haunted house we don't know why jack
is coming to you from a haunted house
warehouse a haunted warehouse well I was
told it was a I was told it was a
haunted warehouse full of whores but as
it turns out it was a haunted house full
of we're whores so how does that explain
your echo then if you're not know where
house jack you just you just ruined the
whole bed it's oh well it's square
richest European it rich it's still a
very large house oh okay the bits on
life support the bit the bit was never
good to begin with but I like the turn I
like the turn of phrase and so we're
keeping it going all right now head up
why don't it okay if somebody wants to
send them illustrations of what he
wanted where whorehouse looks like
please do please send us illustrations
of lay a a haunted house full of where
horrors what's a what would a where
horror look like what you like you're
very hairy or Wilson here's because
because here's the the fun part is like
horror
is not necessarily gender specific so
these could just be like regular dudes
right but then in the full moon they
turn into they turn into you know dude
whores well you know being being a
werewolf it's got to be bad for your
career you know it's like every 30 days
you know you just randomly miss work you
know and if however they werewolves her
every night for a week or is it only on
the night of the full moon I believe
it's only on the night of the full moon
but i but the full moon was I think it
would turn into a male prostitute jack
well I'm just thinking just that you
know whoring has flexible hours and you
know if your werewolf this is
interfering with your ability to hold
down a job you know it might be a good
job for werewolves okay all right all
right I'm with you I'm getting I'm
getting with you you don't you know what
I think what money this is somebody's
first and last stream hey all right you
think they tried to play a video game
that didn't work then the kempei I just
kept on talking about sexy to do nothing
else is working then nothing on let it
stop working yeah immediately after and
it's like I've watched rlm before and I
enjoy their movie discussions and I've
watched prereq before and I like their
video game discussions but then they
just kept talking about dudes note to
self get better emulator and window or
you spend hours being flexible indeed
you do I would imagine I can only
imagine the only prerequisite to
becoming a horror is Luna losing any
source any sense of standards well
obviously I mean you've got some
standards you're only gonna put out for
people who pay you right I spoke maybe
that's it maybe you're right maybe
you're right like a whore is not
necessarily the quality of people you're
with it's just the quantity well it's
the nature of the relationship you're
being you're being paid as opposed to
doing it for fun or do we get out of
obligation
sure but if you're being well I guess
then that goes back to my first point
which is like if you're being paid you
can't necessarily like choose your
clientele you're just like you know
that's capitalism okay so how are you
feeling about Jack's hipster control
many games my hipster controller you
used to play this a lot decades ago yes
I think I think that that that's part of
it I used to play this a lot when I was
like 12 are you 12 anymore I don't think
so I mean I was that was like that was
like eight years ago d wow he's a lot of
time to forget how to play a game you
got super mario brothers i want to test
it on that because that's a game but yes
I'm glad Louise in fact I have every
game ever made wats how funny lady died
then we'll switch them all then we'll
play Super Mario Brothers and wait for
Nintendo's lawyers to come after us you
have jump in the water do you have a
game audio on huh get to go around the
water you have to jump on with a little
rubber bands officially one I could turn
the sound on the game up oh I just
didn't know if you had I just didn't
know if you had it on I had it
deliberately turned down oh right so
much for your jumping comes in yeah
Nintendo's lawyers now might not shove
down our throat for nes games with no
sound here let's are you done with this
okay
oh I know what the problem is those
things make you walk really fast ah
there's one good mine what's happening
judge is going lip I'm just going what
right I think that's a great idea let's
go at it but I'm like I know what's
going on this game oh yeah that's what
you gotta do ouo you got the boots yeah
those but those boots we've all I mean
we've all heard about those boots okay
okay okay classic super mario brothers
classic super mario brothers what not
three not three not doki doki panick not
the Lost Levels numero uno okay rich
ready Super Mario Brothers no death run
go I can do that you think yeah that's
probably gonna happen tonight that
should be a thing we do Mario take so
long to play she's called us and beat
well super others duck on one word just
fine okay ready duck hunt no death Ron
go physic these are good these are good
jobs because he's don't die in that gun
that's why the dick joke is no your dog
just laughs at you you just landed you
good job that dog to says her joke and
that anti-air joke you're getting choked
how's controller
can you can I talk about the controller
and you called it my hip stick
controller I'm sorry jack but you bought
a controller looks identical to an old
NES controller it isn't all NES
controller just with the USB plate and
shaina on the back and there's no
Nintendo trademark information on here
at all it's a knockoff well sure the
plastic is are like yellowy yeah that
made it look as much like a good as an
old s controller but it's really not oh
no no but it'sit's it plays like an old
NES controller i like i like it to
riches and all is an angry old man you
say it was only a buck or two there's on
amazon it's only it was like a buck 50
on amazon it was great this is how you
play better thank you Karen rich you can
suck it yeah yeah I probably can well
good you got ya you know what you know
what's up then has everybody feel about
those Blackhawks what happened with the
blanket I don't know they're the first
game of the Stanley Cup Finals today I
don't know if they won or lost or if the
games even over yet good streaming
basically rich is asking for information
oh yeah yeah your control works fine
I think it's just been so long since i
played those other games yeah that's the
thing about those kudos classics they're
a lot harder than you remember me every
single one of them talks 1221 yay oh
shit but here are hipster you know I
yeah I guess I have some hipsterish
tendencies and I'm um I'm comfortable
with them but you're not like Portlandia
levels of hamster you know I can't
imagine no I can't imagine people that
are well chad is saying they scored two
goals and the final six bets nice
congratulations then black ops they
wondered they won the last Stanley Cup
against the Boston by scoring twice in
the last 20 seconds wow I didn't even
know they were down by one then they
scored and Boston was like ah shit we're
going to overtime and then Blackrock
scored again it's over for them they
went from the Boston went from thinking
they were going to win to thinking I'll
fuck now we got to go to overtime to be
big dog that's great that's great known
for those asking about my hipster his
tendencies I mean there are people that
are worse i live in a pretty hipsterish
neighborhood there is a man on my block
who currently is training himself to
ride a unicycle operating a manual
typewriter while he does it right right
for the record I was just giving jack
shit that wasn't an accusation oh no
actually you kind of a cute controller I
i I'm not I was just using that as a
jumping off point to talk about this man
who's trying learning to ride a unicycle
okay absolutely indistinguishable from a
classic
eight buttons on the controller well I
mean the key is the the information on
the back which isn't there just is it
just as a large print made in china
right and they don't give it they don't
give no fucks of our copyright shut up
listen I got it for a buck fifty there I
don't give no fucks about how it was
made or I made it or it's probably full
of like awful plastic that'll give you
cancer but that's fine everything's fine
everything's fine I'll mote most of the
time everything's going so Karen when's
the last time you played the original
Super Mario Brothers this is the real
question and rut relatively classic
style hardware and everything no I mean
just in general lie or and and not just
like like he picked up an emulator on
your phone and played a level or two
like ones the last time he played it for
realsies ok these I I i had an emulator
running on my intent of d/s actually mmm
and you know it was fairly true to the
original sure sure so but as far as
playing it on the autumn are green
playing all the way through or even just
playing it on the DS but like playing it
with with heart you know like playing it
to beat it not just to fuck around for a
little bit and what are your impressions
it never changes that's the great thing
is our way to change the application
well the original was that right wow
it's not compressed at all she used to
you're used to widescreen yeah the
borders which nobody in the chat can see
our light blue like the sky which is
weird that is weird you've grown
accustomed to fall by three I was raised
by it on from it that's a that's a quote
from star wars episode 1 the Phantom
Menace I don't know what your favorite
pokemon is I'm so old that I was
probably out of high school I don't know
if we were out we might have been we
were definitely you know if Pokemon is
aimed at and children may be very early
teens we were older than that Jack
wondered when did pokemons become a
thing Jack no it's old enough to have
coconuts out I know that well textin you
know the the original pokemon game was a
ridge inul game boy game yeah I and the
original game boy came out in 81 so I'm
gonna assume it oh yeah I'm sorry was
that was there 91 nes came out maybe one
my know about guiding won the Super NES
came out very well no came out 84 yeah
the Sterling was not a gameboy before
there was a nest
the game boy might be like 89 yeah 89 I
think maybe 90 these could all be true I
really thought so one of them came out
in 81 no heck man heck man came out lady
whack man came on anyone possibly eight
Atari maybe oh that's like 79 2600 hmm
all right okay so um original Pokemon
came out in 1995 Oh God we were
graduating high school yeah we were
graduating high school we depending on
the month we may have already been out
yeah okay so we were like college age
that's why we don't really have norton
anthology there's no poking memories
going on Coco good there's no no will
find us we were old enough to realize
that it was a shameless ploy to get you
to buy hundreds of little figures
bankrupt your parents number we were the
care bears and cabbage patch kids age it
was demographic for that yourself yeah
okay the American hero baby and I was
like when when the first Pokemon game
came out if that's 95 then I was in
eighth grade okay so you were more the
demographic maybe a little bit of your i
was i was told her and I didn't find
Pokemon until after high school oh and i
love the ever-loving crap out of pokemon
pokemons fantastic games sounds dreadful
like edgy cards or something like RPGs
well there is a card game I've never
played the card game i've only played
the video games
and then the video games are fantastic
it's a light you know turn-based RPG and
you get to collect adorable little
monsters that turn into horrific
fighting moms that like turn into
fighting beasts you know but they start
off as cute little monsters so no I
grumbles they're ripping off gremlins is
what you're telling me um yes one
hundred percent ok now it's great
pokemons great uh it's great as many
fans I've I have played it every single
pokemon game up until the current
generation played in beat every single
punk c'mon game up until the current
generation is among people your age
better known as a video game franchise I
thought it was mostly about either
collecting cards or collecting like
plastic toys or something I just for I
mean for me it's always been a video
game franchise but I know I know some
people who only know the card game and
some people who only know the TV show
but you know for me gotta spend a ton
you know yeah but oh sure knowing and
like that's part of it like part of the
charm of the game is the the wealth of
Pokemon you know and you everyone knows
the basic premise you know you collect
Pokemon and fight you train them to
fight for you right and they're
basically your woody country thank you
very very slaves but what if dog
fighting or cock fighting for the junior
set one like that is there like it
doesn't Peter like look out for Pokemon
I'm sure I'm sure PETA has looked at for
Pokemon no well what do you call it in
in an RPG when you have your crew I
can't think of the specific man party
your party yes thank you so you know you
you build your party and you try to get
like a diverse set of Pokemon because
there's this underlying rock paper
scissors element to it you know like for
example a grass pokemon is strong
in a water pokemon and a water pokemon a
stronger than a fire pokemon and a fire
pokemon I stronger than a grass pokemon
right and so the good here I know rich I
don't care if you're bored I'm talking
pokemon and so and so there's this like
team building party building element to
Pokemon games that's fantastic because
you know in every new area you you have
new pokemon that you can catch you have
to fight him to catch them and and then
you like build your perfect team but
then you can play the same game again
and have a new team or do fun Stan I
find I find a lot photo my name it it's
it feel like the the collection element
of Pokemon is what it's all about is
like grabbing you know making sure I
have a hundred person gotta gotta catch
them all you do oh god I love it and
they're adorable oh yeah kind of yellow
thing with like lightning bolt tail
heisel he's only the lead one in this
show in in the game in the game they're
different and I think they're adorable
but in any case it's it's it's a game
that is understandably hit writing a
Twinkie that isn't that's adventure time
oh that's not even a game that's a
television show on on Cartoon Network we
can't keep track with this new fangled
kids stuff all the kids are plan
you know an ancient ancient necro wants
to know like if I think the game would
be better if you didn't need to grind
between beating the eighth gym leader in
the Elite Four I've never had that
problem to me the the pokemon games have
never had a grinding element because i
thought they handled the difficulty
curve rather well as opposed to like
Dragon Warrior where you're like
fighting a slide fighting a slime
fighting a slide fighting a slime
fighting ass line trying to go the part
exactly exactly and but and in Pokemon
you know once you move to the next area
all the wild Pokemon are a little bit
stronger and all the trainers are a
little bit stronger and so it's a
constant challenge and you're constantly
gaining the perfect amount of XP to
level up your team and of course because
there is that rock paper scissors
element even if your water pokemon is a
little bit weaker than the fire pokemon
that you're playing against there's a
chance of beating him because your
attacks are strong against that you know
so there's that strategic elements to
the game and it's very light strategy I
almost feel bad saying strategy but
because it's so light strategy but so
I've never found that Pokemon has had a
grind to it
and I'm getting a little passionate
about this charge I need to settle them
Karen have you seen Mad Max fury road
chat wants to know we were gonna see it
today but we decided to go miniature
golfing here Oaks torrance Karen keeps
finding reasons to do something else
well yesterday idea and today it was a
nice house I'm dying to see that movie
against so bad so bad everybody
everybody in the chat you need to tell
Karen how good/bad max fury road is rich
yeah it's playing at the movie theater
near me now which is a move it's a like
an older movie theater we should go to
that one we should go see it again
that's fine time yesterday we did trivia
today we're doing the stream she hasn't
officially said she refuses to see it
but she but she is she is the opposite
of excited here it got like ninety-nine
percent on rotten tomatoes you know it's
not that I've lived and died by to me
the towboat ometer but it's something
it's 98 or 99 percent it's usually you
know decent i can i can hear her in her
head saying Oh bother every time I bring
it up it's it's a it's quite a wonderful
have you seen any of the the original
Mad Max movie scared what's right holler
at least garden one the rich was
watching the debates to do a live show
what oh I had a and start do you get to
start where you wait wait wait wait if
you had a and start you can start you
died is that a thing yeah really yeah I
had no idea no idea you could start
where you left off you hold a and start
and you start from yeah oh my god i
never knew really fucking shit
I think you just changed people's lives
Karen that would have changed my young
life tremendously oh my god ya know it
feel old eligible yeah I usually have
like the nintendo like cheat guides i
had the subscription of nintendo power
and like the nintendo cheat books that
had all like they hidden easter egg
stuff and all that and the masts episode
of that kind of shit oh my god yeah 05
is rich not doing as well see i I had
friends in bed too tender when I
completely I started playing super mario
brothers it's the friends house and I
totally fell in love with intendo and my
parents made me wait like months until
is my birthday to get it and I got one
anyway to make a long story short i got
my nintendo in like the end near the end
of nineteen ninety which was just in
time for the super nintendo to come out
and then you notice a bacon games for my
parents would find me one of those but
do you have any time no and yeah it's
another reason I did it was so many
weird obscure games thing what was left
absolutely before I was like a funcle'
land oh when I first when fun colon came
out I was I was a kid in a candy store
it was wonderful there are probably
people who don't know what phone call
and his funcoland was a games gamestop
bought them or maybe change their name
to them I forget who wha wad and
whatever but it was basically like a
gamestop it was yeah hold us the
original games yeah it was a secondhand
video game store which was revolutionary
and awesome but miraculous yes all those
things yeah I mean you know when I was
12 I never dreamed that you know I'd be
able to go on the internet and
procure copies every single game ever
made and that they would be tiny little
things I'm gonna play on anything you
practically play them on your toaster if
you have the right kind of toaster I
guarantee you you can play Super Mario
Brothers I exhausted or even even back
back in high school I mean like freshman
year high school I had a I saved some
cereal box tops and send a little money
away and I gotta watch the play tetris
tetris is simple enough that it actually
works pretty well I didn't I'm just
resetting I'm just resetting fucking so
I could turn the sound off and sit there
play Tetris in class on my rest
absolutely like I remember you know
getting my first like graphing
calculator and you can place a con it
exactly ti-83 and I and you could play
snake on it and I thought that it was a
revolution I wasn't one of the good math
kids so I stopped after geometry at back
then we were required to have two years
of math and I just want the water was
prior to have I didn't actually have to
buy a graphing calc oh sure yeah there
was a lot of that stuff I remember I
remember a big a big deal for my high
school guidance counselor was really
upset at me because I didn't take any
foreign language courses
oh so that was a big thing for you I
mean I think of standards were pretty
low for us at the time because I mean I
graduated with like the the honor or
special curriculum because you know I
took like four years of English instead
of like two or whatever and whatever
else you know they set the bar pretty
low that I was at the higher tier of it
and that was pretty low well I like I
just remembered like there was a big
hubbub about like the fact that I didn't
take any any foreign language courses
and like there were there were people in
my class who were convinced that i would
not graduate high school if I didn't
take any foreign language courses and at
least i took i thought it was totally
cool that they offered jurgen to german
with something a little bit different
and yes I suppose I haven't really made
me use out of it since but I took German
I went on the school trip to Germany I
was totally obsessed with German I had
little stickers all over the
refrigerator with the names of all these
different foods and stuff in German uh
you know I was a total like Germany
clunky so I I'm not sure foreign
language was required but I took four
years for fun because i was a dork sure
sure no no I just like I just never I'd
never cared exco and and eventually all
it took what's your third year called
when you're in high school I always
forget what they're called your senior
you men know your realm thank you your
junior year I don't root cuz I don't
care about high school um you're in
you're in my junior year my my guidance
counselor was was really upset at me and
like trying to force me to take a a
foreign language course
and what what oh no dispensing what
somebody helpfully said freshman
sophomore junior senior career no thank
you thank you um and said well you know
just it was one of those things where
you start to realize the the works along
a naina T the BS of high school I loved
high school because no one cared I liked
high school ID what's junior high school
like 7th 8th grade 6 7 8 nah and I know
what Union before people in the chat
saving I know what junior high school is
I just wanted to know what grades
Cameron was kind of right because yeah
the names vary between middle school and
junior high school and in some schools
it was young as far their fifth grade
for middle school and in some schools
it's as late as seventh and eighth and
even some there I've even heard of
schools having 9th grade as part of
junior i right oh yeah it varies
tremendously in my particular district
it was sixth seventh and eighth at the
time and I hate single second of it
kids that age are just kids kids any age
are assholes and that includes adults
you have a larger circle of people that
you can hang out with and people aren't
quite so nasty to each other or maybe
they are but my friends were more laid
back you know it's just my frenchie like
garbage now too but it's all for a pulse
nice rich hard major I said it's all for
business rich they treat you like
garbage but it's all for a profit that
makes it better um no comment yeah my
job often reminds me junior high school
when people start getting all who's
farting you used on girl farting that's
all right y'all make y'all make it all
the faces you want to somebody wants to
know if you took calculus me yeah no I
don't mean to be some kind of like
feminine stereotype but no I'm not
especially math I don't think that's a
stereotype I think that's normal I think
there are people who are good at math
and there are there's literally everyone
else and my sisters math teacher reason
I didn't end up taking calculus cuz i'm
relatively smart but in junior high I
this miserable child I was bullied
constantly
and when I was bullied in junior had my
grades just they bottom out cuz I didn't
care of his miserable at school I was
like a D student in junior high and then
you stand your based on your junior high
school grades they stuck you in there is
that means they stuck me an embrace you
were in a track they made it really hard
for you though welson oh here's I didn't
take the classes in order here's the
thing though once once I got to high
school I stopped taking shit from
bullies I stopped giving a shit what
other people thought of me my grade shut
up even though I started but you know a
little bit of a setback I still made the
the honors curriculum or love that yeah
the good what was it go ahead since you
started in pre-algebra there wasn't
enough time yes yes it was like when I
was in geometry I fucking wrecked the
curve I fuckin I fucking wreck though I
literally wrecked the fucking curve
because like the test would have voted
ok panic the test would have liked bonus
points and I got a hundred percent on
the test normally and i also got bonus
points so i got over a hundred on the
test i literally made the curve more
difficult for everybody else I just like
I've never I've never heard you say I
wrecked the curve that sounded like you
were a villain in an 80s movie oh man i
was at the slopes the the other day I
wrecked the curve yo I love it rich I
love it that your record curves I had
one class where the teacher graded on a
curve that I can think of and that was
like my psych Stosh class and the
teacher would always people it was right
at you know it was that like one of the
afternoon was after lunch for a lot of
people the room was always kind of warm
Alex we had no windows in the school it
was all set up for air conditioning and
you know and I he would always go if
you're getting an a in my class you can
sleep otherwise wake up you know and he
bugged people who were sleeping but I
set the curve first test
always let me sleep so I was class and
then you know the day is a test or day
before the toes you know I would study
it's not that I didn't study it's just I
didn't study at class I slept at class
sure oh my goodness what is this oh wait
this is something river this is doki
doki amusement park oh how interesting
no this is this isn't the doki doki
panick this is something different God
see if i can find doki doki panick yeah
fine doki doki panick I want to see some
our brothers to doki doki panick if I
can find it well I was looking for the
original yeah I want to see what it
looks like before the Morrow's right the
under s not for doki doki panick it's
super I brothers too I'm looking for the
Dupree before they made it super re
brother su know if that's easy to find
rich hack the planet no for fuck's sake
gotta we gotta hack the plane you want
summary for the store do you want
something else we want Dukey Dukey Super
Mario jet Jax Jax uh doki doki no one
doki doki me there you go there you go
have you ever seen little evil the dream
master no are you familiar with little
emo at all nope notable I know dia de
Finding Nemo you know you can find it
anymore doing the fish no doing the fish
no unusual name but