Episode 303
Fallout: New Vegas (Part 2)
July 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYCy9wKA44s
___________________________________________

[A] 

[B] great I got some sarsaparilla
do-do-do-do-do hey Ringo Ringo what did
this come on I have no idea
that's the chat it looks relatively bad
I mean I think it was a while ago I
don't know if that's the floating us
because you're doing at the third person
sure that's close enough
who are you what do you want with me
sorry about the gun you just caught me
off guard that's all we got off to a bad
start
what say we start over with a friendly
game of Caravan you know how to play
yeah he doesn't look Betty has to do in
this role-playing
you can hear the audible frustration in
his voice even though he's not actually
vocalizes frustration you can hear it
like his breathing you can somehow hear
it in his posture it's a it's it's it's
a tough thing with a role-playing game
cuz like what if my character is
different my character doesn't want to
hear all this bullshit why don't you try
shooting at me out of it no no make sure
the crimson caravan pays you back you've
got my word just go off the rails go
off-script Jack die shooting him say
I'll consider it and then go into vats
aim for his head that first shot off if
you're not having fun and this becomes
frustrating stream she's been friendlier
than we may as well we may as well mix
it up a bit
why can you pick his pocket just get his
gun
they can't know I was just lying there
he's not moving why is it not a hundred
percent shot he's not moving I'll say
first let's just see what happens to to
to rob somebody sink crunch first them
pickpocket you've lost karma out of here
it's Karma
yeah oh you have the gun can't shoot me
now bitch hey he's got another gun he's
got another gun doo doo doo doo doo I
need to build up small points you gotta
fight they build up pretty quick
take a chance with a headshot you think
yeah another headshot I only get one
okay Rico head crippled yet he can still
shoot me
what the fuck Bobby knew even bobbin and
Weavin here we go now I get two shots
off oh fuck
blues fucking head off you take a sip
from you're both caffeine yeah give me
all the rest you shit do do do do do you
like him better now yeah now having fun
do do do do do
what's this yeah there's an empty it's
an empty empty whiskey bottle I don't
want to have to whiskey bottle
do-do-do-do-do but if you find whiskey
yeah but if I find whiskey I'll just
drink it
hi let's get out of here rich fuck this
town fuck Ringo fuck everyone
do-do-do-do-do he's gonna murder spree
that's some kind of a plan here world
map northern passage
let's bring the cemetery canyon wreckage
oh wait that's where they found me let's
head that way dude you're not a very
nice man I'm a lady and I'm not a very
nice lady
yeah if your lady you technically also
not a very nice man rich in valuable
logic look there's like a deer or
something let's shoot that look there's
a deer or something we're gonna shoot it
dududududu dudududududu and if we find a
robot on the way so I've lost a bunch of
karma oh it's fine it's fine I don't
think you care about karma I don't care
about karma and I can only imagine like
the Karma effects have people treat me
or whatever so maybe murder enough
people people avoid talking do you want
to avoid you great which i think is fine
by you that's exactly what I want I
don't want people talk to me bitches get
stitches if you know I'm saying you know
who's bitches people who talk
okay
dude dude dude dude wow yeah he's going
boyfriend this is my this is my pet
tumbleweed fuck you up
tumbling this is tumbling my tumbleweed
we gotta take him with us
tumbly you nailed that on your first try
come on tumbly you come over me to the
next town fucking tumbleweed moose fat
fuck fuck you tumble II think you're
better than me tell me who's afraid
you'll shoot him tell me you but you
damn right tumbly watch yourself watch
yourself it's this way I should mark it
yes okay
do something rakesh EMU van pesto MC
Lucas Elvis Delmas we really appreciate
it
gahafer J hauls variety pack perfect
dark cracker man 526 Jack notices dudes
Papa zoo zoo striker 1 121 ckp season
whatever the fuck Berkeley DC Park
bubbler and underdog Banga Banga thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true
we really do
all right yep there it is this is tinker
business business is good continue all
right we're gonna place marker yeah all
right there we go now we gotta never got
an error leading that's the way all
right let's go Canyon and kill some
people that's all I care about any
post-apocalypse somebody is saying you
can mod in sprinting oh now that's a
spice is fast and it uses up action
points Oh interesting
I like that that almost seems what's
that what are the tiny arrows maybe yeah
like enemies hold X to put away gun away
and run faster oh oh yeah thank you
thank you
these are the important things to know
how to run faster hoho oh yes we weren't
we were greeting subs newby newby
piloted donut you noob average Oh fucker
Jack he's a noob he doesn't get respect
Wow he doesn't get respect to at least
four point five streams that's how it
works oh all right I mean that's fine
that's that's how you plain it
somebody else's I think you can pan
around your character when your weapon a
stowed oh well you know what we will
check that out
you can have your epic panorama shot
similar to snap that will give you more
action points or faster recharging
please take issue with that I start
hitting you for this shit - huntin
geckos but you're not dead yet alright
yes you hate the dialogue it seems like
you should have one with the character
of low intelligence that's it they're at
element yeah but you didn't nope because
I don't listen
really right fucking in the head the
kind of gun is rich using well I'm not
using any guns as I am not playing the
game
gecko meat I think I need to eat meat
because my health is low
let's eat meat do-do-do-do-do items
bloat fly meat seems like you should
move right health by eating the blowfly
meat what is that red per second it's
radioactive oh yay oh there you go fuck
it I'll be radioactive how'd that do
that didn't that did not aid me much
let's try some eating some more shit
gecko meat
P plus 1 I'm numb now I'm alive some
healing powder well it's good enough
good enough
oh my god you can cook the meat at the
campfire oh so you can't eat raw meat
that's what they're saying no I ate it
already
oh you can maybe just don't get as much
health from it maybe yeah that meat is
rare enough great so else it's fine the
radiation has burned all the diseases
wake up that's funny
I think the things you say is funny
Oh welcome to level 2 yay yay oh yeah
we're great at unarmed combat using a
shopping but I'm using a shotgun
you can try an armed combat that's a
good idea I'm gonna even melee weapons
I'm great ed what do we want bombs are a
mere 18 fries let's go ahead 1 2 guns
sad all of them the guns
no all right there
prepare to maintain any weapons it
allows you to create items that way yeah
that sounds good speak we do if I could
take away stuff from speak I would
Oh sneak medicine sneak great and hello
mister Stremme stir mister what he said
hello I said hey rich and Jack hi hey
welcome to level 2 she only took us
three hours swift learner come on
if to learner come on if to learn

[C] 

[D] 
