Episode 306
Brutal Rich (Doom)
July 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5FKMv-r2DA
___________________________________________

fucking I don't give a shit I don't give
no fucks anything can happen anything
how's everyone doing we are going play
demon souls whenever whenever Jack shows
up but for now I just I have to play
brutal doom that's got to happen it's
got to happen
let me give me give me a pulse ready in
my fancy jazz controller god dammit god
no blitz
oh ye where's my key to hit enter to
start start game started started the
game ultraviolence god dammit they had
about 18 difficulty levels which is
interesting
I fled this a little bit last night
random monsters they do random monsters
that sounds cool I know about random
levels but there we go here we go and
Mikey oh there we go no way Mike he's
working old on my mouse pad is not
working for some reason nothing else my
my there we go we have not my mouse
stopped working oh it's always something
with you wasn't it
isn't it ah fuck sick now I got now we
got a mouse pad but no and then I gotta
keep a bit o mouse this is the same I
hope this cord will reach to the back of
my pcs apparently the only way I'm gonna
be able to fucking do this pain in my
ass why this is a brand new computer why
would it's so wrong there we go there we
go are you working - everything seems to
be working I'm gonna shoot things
I'm gonna shoot things now we're finally
at the point where I shoot things
alright alright and I suck doing with
reloading this so funky it's wrong Oh
missed one I always he's shooting at me
with a pistol that's indeed this is the
brutal doom mod which adds a lot of gore
and neat things I don't know how I feel
about reloading but there's reloading
I'm kind of playing like shit
reloading oh fuck I think the favorite
change so far is giving those guys
machine guns little dart guys I normally
just use pistols reloading oh crap so
much crap
I'm embarrassed so glad I got some help
reload boom boom suck it
all right just the sake of being a
completionist already ever okay
I think that's all the secrets in
first-stage it's been a while maybe this
beautiful sprite artworks Doom is not a
game that needs to be updated with 3d
graphics I've seen a source port that
had 3d models for the monsters and well
I missed a lot of Secrets well one I
think whatever it's fine everything's
fine I'm gonna shoot more things cuz I
like shooting at things you guys want me
to read things while I'm doing that
seems wrong
die motherfucker boom
fuck off
yeah that feels good nothing more
satisfying with a chain gun
I think jack is here
Jagr
we're live by the way what are you what
are you laughing about
dude what is so funny what is so funny
you're alive
yeah we're live I hope this one I just I
would like to paint a picture for people
hold on first of all whenever you're
ready we turn on Demon Souls okay okay
so let me paint let me paint a picture
for everyone is this is this mine that
one should be yours okay so here's the
picture Jack bring back the sound one
bring back the sound
hey Jack hi hi everybody read this there
is no fucking sound
Jack into painting now awesome Oh Jack
sound game sounder our sound yeah we we
look alike we're a little low on our
levels but you all don't know people
sing Jack audio good great but no game
sounds at all
Jack where's the go no game sound okay
I'll fix that we'll fix that so rich has
all the lights off in the room doing the
dark and and it has a a piece of wood
over his lap on the couch on the couch
because it's a myth that you cannot play
with a mouse in the couch complete utter
myth it is a myth but you have you're
sitting on the couch
with a piece of wood on top of your lap
with with your mouse and number pad for
movement and so walking in to a darkened
room where you just have like and it's a
big piece of wood too
so you're saying I have I have what
you're saying I said just to make this
clear
yeah you're saying that I have big wood
in my lap I don't I fail to see how this
is a problem it's just it's comical but
yeah I come in here and you look very
comical with your big piece of wood and
a moving blanket to protect your legs
from the big it's just weird it's just
weird and I wasn't I didn't know like
you'd be streaming I wasn't mentally
prepared for this yet you know this is
just how I came in it's a little weird I
like it
everything's everything's great
everything's great how how has the
street how long have you been streaming
I didn't get the email oh that's weird
the sounds are just dead I don't know
why that is what there's no levels at
all and OBS for the sound on that game
which oh because it's going to bet it's
going to the zoom how do I think they're
coming out of the TV
do something in the game I'm trying to
sound up on the TV I don't know I don't
know rich
I don't know rich if only you would have
waited an extra five minutes until I got
I didn't know you're gonna get every
five minutes okay Syd Oh Scott around
6:00
hmm leftover beef oh that's right
leftover beefcake the the the technical
the technological genius who who wrote
for us a program to capture subscribers
right that's running what's running that
program oh yeah so it's a leftover
beefcake is is up on his technology
apparently attempted streaming ah the
other day and it was plagued with audio
problems oh really
yeah yeah and he assured us that he will
forever now defend us because he just
couldn't figure it out game audio was
cutting out
yeah audio was cutting out randomly oh
my god this looks awesome
this is fucking awesome only they could
hear it
I suppose I could stop and start the
stream that seems kind of ridiculous we
might have to do that anyway when we uh
when we get to demon souls no it's
probably in the it's probably in your
computer settings whatever you have your
output maps - and then like OBS is
mapped to something different doctor so
a manase jack thank you for retweeting
the majestic sis on oh yeah oh did you
if you sent that beer thank you yes that
beer was delicious thank you for for
sending that to us that beer was good
and it was no bother here Oh bother not
no bother
Oh bother okay where's your sound coming
Audio it's coming from default okay
great
let's try to access we know what's gonna
come for the TV at Lee's right yes I
should that should do something maybe
May that should do something nope that's
weird
go to into options in the game I mean it
wouldn't be in the game and it would be
in your computer right oh the game sound
came back but it was probably hearing it
to the mic yeah you might hear it
through through the mics um
doo doo doo doo doo I'm just gonna yeah
I'm gonna quit the game maybe oh sure my
scream yeah sure
that's okay yeah no I'm gonna get my
laptop out so I can read the chat fully
but in any case leftover beefcake it was
nice it was nice to know that that it's
it's that our audio problems is not
solely due to written eyes incompetence
but but that other people have had
similar issues
I have it up pretty whoa whoa whoa what
is happening everything everything is
happening apparently hold on sorry Chad
I can't I can't see you right now give
me a moment
why is this not picking up I'm gonna
restarting turn off and on the stream
cuz I don't know what the fuck's going
on you're gonna have to do what I'm just
gonna kill the stream and turn it back
on I have no idea what's wrong with us
sure hey we'll be back we'll be back
that's weird
it looks like the games might be a
little
don't okay yes
apparently OBS freaks out with the sound
in google oh yeah go like to the lowest
where it's not
listening to it now we're all audio up
in this bitch alright that's where we
like to be
that sounds great that sounds great all
right all right everything's swimming
welcome now today we didn't start the
stream earlier this was exactly when we
started it nothing happened earlier
nothing at all
rich is playing some brutal - gonna get
all up in the motherfucker
now laser 103 this is the Baja those 2d
sprites man 13 sprays dooms Franchi some
my favorite sprites of all time
that's right lift it so leftover big big
who's having ideas is he now has our
back as far as streaming issues are
concerned he wanted some tips and tricks
on how our streams go so smoothly which
tells you
let's be honest left overall I thought
was was look up some YouTube videos on
how other people set up their streams
and I get all my settings pretty much
I have Oh just reloading oh we have our
streaming quality set to 1000 kilobits
per second which is fairly small and our
audio is also set to pretty
I push everything to the mono I don't
know why I just do I don't know if it
makes the streaming size smaller
I think mono makes more sense just in
case there's weird audio channels I want
it but I want everyone to hear and
everything is like we're gonna miss we
mess something up in the left channel or
something you know oh I missed a secret
area
I think it's fine it's all fine
but speaking of audio issues
as we can talk about something I've
tweeted on my Twitter a little bit
earlier we had a big heartbreak jacket I
had a big heartbreak today in rich had a
big heartbreak when I told them about it
was that all almost all of Rich's audio
from our last prereq that I was editing
the look back on early access games
crypt of the necrodancer and invisible
ink
is all gone all that audio is all gone
the question is what are we gonna do
because we have Batman coming up only
got III coming up and both of those are
going to be time-sensitive yep and so
there is no way that we can film and
edit the episode in time so we'll push
it off till later
so we will push it off until later but
it'll be much later and you know who
knows if we sit around completely
unfixable
what what happened that's what I'm
trying to figure it's either your pack
mysteriously ran out of batteries but we
did check the batteries before before
recording and all battery levels were at
100% or when you do like shifted or
something and maybe your audio and then
completely cut out for the rest of the
recording all hour of talking is
recorded but after eight minutes so it
recorded an hour but oh there's only
eight minutes of waveform weird yes
how do I sound in your mind okay I mean
you know they're there lot of mics yeah
and you're you know you're a couple feet
away from me so you sound very quiet
yeah and we have the sound from all the
camera all on camera audio but of course
those are the on camera mics and he was
sound very far away and echo II I'm
gonna go ahead and call it unmusical I
have a theory okay
I think you're just trying to cover up
to the fact that your opinion was
subjectively wrong that's my theory is
that is that possible that one
that's a fine theory except I thought
we did we did rich and I had a really
strong back and forth I just like early
access and rich likes it and you more
than just like earlier I'm more than
just like early access I also have
changed some and we're to be wrong well
I thought had a really strong back and
forth I was really cuz we usually we
usually agree on stuff and so it was
nice to have an argument yeah
because it's it's not like we can just
recreate that conversation nothing you
know I'm sure we can since brief well
yeah unless your opinion became right no
unless that happened yeah we're good so
I mean it's a fine theory that I was so
ashamed by my opinion that I fake
because I would have liked paralyzed
I love the blinking light stuff that's
great
so in any case we we don't we don't have
that episode we won't have that next up
so III we're gonna film that as soon as
all the conferences are done early this
week and then that needs to come out
where that episode just found it in the
dust for the moment which is really
important
I've got a fuckin chain gun jack
you should find hair Jack to be more
creepy than hairless that hair jacket
we're after after I sent out my tweet
about the audio issues I did I was
about how to fix
don't you know me right
there's no fixing the audio because
there is no audio to fix you know it's
not like tweaking levels but you know
what the real issue is is one rich and I
film it is there's nobody to monitor the
sound and that is a big problem because
the the audio was working great until
eight minutes in so here's my plan going
for plan number one is I do have to wire
lobs and we just sit there so it's not
like we need to worry about moving so
I'm switching us over to the wired watts
because then we won't have to worry
about battery power if it was the
batteries right fix number two is I'm
going to run my zoom into an audio
recording program and run that off of my
laptop and place it in my eye sight
behind rich find some way to yell like I
put it on a ladder or something right
I'm sure it's a little absurd but that
way at at a glance without having to
break the conversation but at a glance I
can see both of our way down before me
don't you think that's the best solution
I guess I'm shooting things Jeff oh
sorry
I think I care about her show doom is on
the screen I don't care about anything
so
is there a way to monitor everything
where he sits not really like you know I
won't be able to tonight or beneath you
did your grenade wife maybe hit the
grenade button it just happened
what's the fuck there's just part of
brutal doom now Ritchie just throw
grenades every once in a while
so another turnover
because and and really if you think
about it like monitoring things would
mean leaving the conversation and so you
know you don't we don't we we try not to
we try to have as natural conversation
as possible and hopefully that's where
some of the fun comes from and so if we
like structure if we like stopped every
five minutes to double-check the audio
maybe the only one who thinks to make
volume is that we can turn up a little
bit I guess on our mics
yeah and I don't really want to
okay
okay now our microphone audio is louder
getting myself shot
can you not leave a laptop by your side
or something sure I can that's what I'll
be doing from now on is and I won't have
it by my side because you know again
that involves leaving the conversation
so I think if I can find a way to get it
behind rich so it's still relatively in
my eyeline that would that would be
helpful
Audio is whoa great thank you hey you're
welcome
curry curry see in part Karis the Circe
in part I don't know c-section front I
don't know cesarean part yeah that's
what it is cesarean great Ridge now that
the sound is good press f it didn't do
anything
what was that I think they want to taunt
oh okay what was what that thing those
are goats that is a monster there's a
ghost months there's a near invisible
monster
they haven't your invisible monster have
ghosts monsters rich this isn't a crane
jack they have ghosts monsters known I
refused to call on a ghost it's not
ghosts Jack you know anything about doom
I don't know anything about to him I
have not played much do ah
or just beside under the camera the
laptop yeah I know Colonel Rhodes mother
I think that's the oh c'mon go I think
that's the plan nice
exactly well I know I just mean like the
the dark enemy's no heat gameplay-wise
we didn't do very well but that was neat
back thank that accidental grenade just
just fucked me over
I'm sorry fuck me over I'm sorry just
anyone had a key just I'm standing there
he just threw a grenade yeah he wanted
us that he wanted to spice up your run
right doing the guy wanted to spice up
your honor does doing guy have a name or
is it just duties dumb guy okay
technically if you go by the shitty
novelization knees was he Flynn Taggart
when Taggart in Dhoom 3 he's something
King John King Dan King I forget but
there's no in game camp fuck Tom Kane
corporal no there's no in-game anything
right okay that's all that matters the
only thing that matters is in-game
cannon doom guy
what what john mckay his name is john
mccain that would be great that would be
great so i don't know to wrap up i I was
really you know because we have the III
episode in the Batman soap coming out
this episode there were the early access
ramp up episode needed to be out quickly
and I was all prepared today you know I
was just already like yes my day is set
I'm gonna fucking edit the shit out of
some shit it's gonna be great and and
it's it's disheartening you know of
coarseness when a technical issue of
that nature happens
and I felt I was a little deflate as it
should be it should be deflating yeah it
was it was and so you know what I didn't
spent instead I played some splatoon and
I really enjoyed it
I was latina I'm enjoying it
I'm enjoying it it has some problems as
far as I'm concerned but overall him the
playing the game is really fun you know
covering your area in oh she got damn it
there must be a button on your there's
gotta be some kind of is did it get no
me what did you do customized controls
what is going on with that grenade I'm
not gonna play arkham city i'm going to
come in as a relatively new band you
don't have time at this point
oh yeah and also I don't have time but I
made that decision last week when we
talked about it is our canvas tote opt
is you what I'm looking at your taunt
button oh that's fine it's you that's
fine no I was playing splatoon krieger
splatoon and really tossed grenade G or
n so I had to sit to and it's not the
throwing grenade when I want to throw a
grenade but when I don't want to throw a
grenade a grenade just flies out you
must have grazed it they must have it's
nowhere near that's weird
you know what you probably don't know
what I hate you you should you should
I'm just here to end tagging as iam but
uh
splatoon is really fun I've been having
a lot of fun with it I don't much care
for the Call of Duty you can only get
better weapons by playing more I
understand I understand they're a
multiplayer game not that I'm a big
multiplayer fan anyway but one that you
can't just pick up fresh and at least be
on the same playing field with everyone
else is terrible if you can't do that
right maybe you're already at a
disadvantage because you're just not
familiar with the game right and then if
you also have the handicap of shitty
weapons where you're just you're
basically just there to be cannon fodder
sure the vets and fuck that and you know
I there is a lot of that but I think the
idea behind it is they give you bait the
standard balanced weapon they give you
the Mario and then that's what you're
supposed to learn huh
and then as the game goes on you can
play with the strategy that the other
weapons offer you know once stronger but
slower firing speed one and as
horrifying Sabido but a weaker but they
want to make sure you understand the
core
play before you delve into any of the
crazy but here's here's the real problem
is you can't equip weapons on the fly
and in going into a battle and you can
you can't change your equipped weapons
until the battles over and you can't
choose who you go into battle with and
so let just kick and barrows ma'am
none over here just kick and barrels
sloshed from DuckTales how you gift us
games on Steam as you send you send them
to our email address which is previously
recorded dot our LM @ gmail.com and we
will get them and add them to our pre
req Steam account but splatoon so for
example one of the weapons that you can
pick up later on is a giant paint roller
and the giant paint roller is is a very
good weapon for a covering ground and of
course for close combat but it doesn't
shoot anything it just rolls the ground
with pain and every once in a while if
you have the paint roller you'll find
yourself in a game and all you three of
your other teammates also have paint
rollers and you're gonna lose if there's
no one on your team with a ranged weapon
you're gonna lose this version yeah
every squadron expert nice nice
which is here I'm doing a lot of the
talk around yes rich is playing do them
this is do cuz it's doing but rich is
here and so you know what I'm doing
filling air I'm here in spirit yeah rich
we'll talk more when I play Demon Souls
yeah get get over here we got guys shoot
you fucker
you fucking fuck fuck right with fuck
and so in a in a game like like for
example in in tf2 you can change I miss
something
what did you miss button somewhere you
can change characters on the fly anytime
you want to change a character to more
balance your team you can change that
instantly or in Call of Duty you can
change your gear out mid round you know
like oh yeah here's a round but I want
to play with all the same people just
change my gear you can do that and you
can't do that in splatoon once you pick
your equipment that's what you're
playing as and if you want to change
your equipment you need to get out of
the online server change your equipment
and then hop back on the online server
and even then you can't choose who
you're in the game with and it's
infuriating it's like half it's like
half thought out multiplayer where is
your guy he's a fuckup he's just a fuck
yeah the roller equal shotgun no not
exactly the roller the roller is like a
is like a is like a knife you know a
roller is like a machete they have a
shotgun type weapon where it shoots a
big burst of paints but it shoots a
little slower I like that one another
reason I'm not talking is I I don't have
a wii u and i have not played splatoon
at all so this this is all foreign to me
I missed a switch somewhere I can't
remember where the fuck it is yeah been
too long god damn it there my god fall
in the lava is he dead oh maybe that's
what happened ah yeah there you go the
roller is like a chainsaw that's exactly
what the roller is in splatoon but
overall the game is super fun the moving
the moving in ink really fun when you're
in the ink as a squid you kind of hide
from the other team so you can like
sneak attack people really great a lot
of a lot of good strategy to be had and
I wish they would just iron out these
these uh these are key multiplayer
issues where let me choose my equipment
once I see like before we start playing
let all of our teams see what else
everyone else has and we can have a more
balanced team you know what's a creepy
ass picture Boros or alright that was
probably good I gotta hit that
go back to the health spear room then
leave and run against the left wall is
the worst thing yeah I thought I hit
that switch apparently I didn't and I
lost my guy which sucks yeah we were
teen well they weren't really a team you
know like you just met him yeah like
bonded or anything yet nice
Splatt mana that's really great
what do I think of the new oculus rift
oh man I could I could not give less of
a fuck it sure is a rift ended oculus is
I just man I don't care I did I thought
it was adorable when Facebook announced
that they weren't going to allow any
pornographic apps for the oculus rift
just adorable I bet that's gonna last
all of two days
you know though Amanda's overwhelming
the the oculus that will have its own
like app story now for all be oculus
games and oculus have some or not and
you know what what do we think it's
gonna be ten hours 12 hours before
there's an official for now Oh father
there you are they are the beer was
surprisingly good but I think it gave me
a sore throat I don't know if that's
normal for home brew oyster your oyster
stout I really enjoyed very flavorful
lights but still had some some nice deep
tones to it oh you can you can dual
wield of course look at that each gun
has a separate trigger look at those
guns rich that looks beautiful
but but yeah Oh father I really liked it
I took some home to drink some but the
rest is here oh yeah yeah grace is here
at the studio and you know obviously I
don't want to drink it all oh good then
everyone should drink it but it did give
me a sore throat I think it was the beer
fuck fuck fuck fuck
the deck do you care about the story in
the Arkham games at all I mean no he
doesn't count I don't he's a weird II
I'm a wee he's just a big weird II weird
Mick weird I'm a weird weird like weird
the the the story in Arkham Asylum is I
mean it's pretty simple right Joker took
over the asylum and you got to get it
back what do you know that's it so you
know
yeah the the Ulta beer that your German
North German beer was you know it was
fine nothing there was nothing nothing
special about it I'm sorry it was you
know it still tasty it was tasty beer
but like a you know a kid to any sort of
light to the mater
but the oysters that was very
interesting
no and I ate the sore throat also just
could have been because I was getting
sick but it so happened right after
right after I drank your home brew beer
so I'm gonna blame you no matter what
I've got a sore jaw but I hope it's not
a cavity or something oh no yeah you a
sore jaw jaw like your boat your double
yeah like I can't pinpoint it to anyone
to know yeah that could be that could be
yeah yeah absolutely absolutely got to
go to them dentist Co you gotta have
dental insurance and I don't so yep
listen either go now or go later right
eventually you gotta go to decide how
much pain you're gonna be in for how
long it's not a lot of pain sure now
but no rln does not offer Daniel well
what a cavity be like it wouldn't be
highlighted on like a specific tooth no
because you know like all those nerves
are so intertwined and if the pain is
intense enough it just might be anywhere
you might have gotten used to it you're
a tough individual I would not I would
not call it intentional so you're you're
- you're in Europe but it's meant for
like a week
oh yeah that's something other person
thank you're supposed to tell me I'm
fine
nope ah I'm not that person you should
go to a dentist that's their job I don't
have money to spend on a dentist via
what do you want me to do Jeff nothing
go to a dentist anyway go broke yep
jaw pain from back teeth can be cavities
depending on where the jumping is like I
remember I went to a dentist once and I
was complaining about like upper tooth
pain like it felt like my upper teeth
were hurting and it turned out it was
one of my lower teeth you know and it
was just like that's how my brain
interpreted and infer then the pain
interpreted
it could be really fucked up sometimes
just five your monsters
fuck you not my best doom whatever yeah
I'm not a dentist I have dentists in my
family though
what's what's the consensus amongst the
chat oh yeah they say you can go to a
dentist they say you should go to a
dentist like him right away yeah yeah
because like if it's a cavity yeah
that's one thing right yeah cavity is
gonna be expensive but you know it's
more expensive than a cavity it would
count a fucking root canal that will
fuck you up and that's painful I've had
root canals those painful could you even
be in a near your affection perfect dark
but you know that get that kind of
stuff's important especially when you're
getting older dentist doctor I have a
reasonable old man
with my fury oh the ghost monster got
you ah the ghost monster got you also
stop drinking sugared Pepsi that's that
off
what's sugar detects that drink diet
that this has fake sugar in it it's
still not sugared
I'm assuming means Pepsi the has sugar
in it you know I don't know I I could be
wrong than that obvious thing I've just
never heard it called sugar Pepsi before
you know
sugar just means not died yes but sugar
just ain't no like isn't that just at
Pepsi
isn't that just default Pepsi they're
saying diet is worse for your teeth
I'm just telling you I'm just telling
you at the chata sandwich he's being
here with the check in the chat talk
about you know dentists
ah
oh god the sounds oh they got stuck look
at that
oh they eat each other yeah oh that's
funny that's great that's great that's a
good point in fish bus it's fish bus
where soda is concerned it's less about
the sugar and more about the acid
yeah Minnesota so sugared or not he's
gonna fuck up your teeth no you're right
Jay's been home we should get back to
911
oh my god that created did not go very
far I think Stan maybe I just thought
you might have a really weak throwing
what fighting all of his muscles are
meant for shooting big guns
I don't know I can't enjoy anything I'm
just worried about my teeth yeah as it
should be
as you should be
there's monsters okay in the acid yeah
monsters there as it marks idea of just
monsters I guess
why don't we just all wear clothes over
you like we wear shoes I don't see it's
so obvious
you know what more WAKAWAKA you're right
we should all wear clothes on our teeth
or you know brush and floss and see a
dentist regularly either way I wasn't
gonna cost to see a nest just for like a
general cleaning room check I feel
looking at maybe a couple hundred and
it's cavity a couple hundred more yeah
but it's five hundred dollars but most
Denton's dentists i was without dental
insurance for quite a long time most
dentists do give you a non insurance
discount and some will even get you
ahead of time like I don't have
insurance gonna get them to plate the
payment plan yeah that's okay yo
everybody wants money well for the for
the services they provide that's usually
what happens that's just just
it's called living in a society you know
people contribute to different things
and we all work together
we all work together
Jack hasn't turns but nightlight you
know it's my insurance and it's shitty
insurance Titan I paid for my own
insurance and it's crappy they're the
worst kind got that Obamacare
I can go to the doctor once every seven
years it's great oh yeah they do have
that to the you can go to you can sign
up for the Marquette dental school what
market oh yeah has a dental school in it
and if you agree to let a dental student
work on your teeth you can get it for
significantly cheaper yeah
but then of course it's a dental street
and they're all you know they're
overseen by their professors but you
know students but you can get it for
significantly cheaper that's a good
point thank you for bringing that up we
brought that up in chat I've known
people who have done that before you
have to get on our waiting list but you
can do that but you have to get them a
waiting list well you got it yeah well
then you just wait well how long oh no
no that's okay
he's a beer there's a thing it look like
this beer never you mind what was it
some cases on rockets it was a case of
rocket yeah
I guess it don't really leave much of
that shit fucking gonna want everything
why no justice I'm gonna chat loner at a
Quran says a back to alcohol Jack if you
tried absent no no I have it that's that
weird like super alcohol that causes
beautiful hallucinate that seems silly
it's crazy
how long do know that wears again
were you like standing up
oh my god
this gorse platter is beautiful though
yeah
okay that's good Thunder bud Thunder bud
says I have a sudden urge to brush up
loss and use some mouthwash
you should it stuff we don't always
remember we get tired go right to bed
don't brush your teeth ever everybody
does it everybody does it
all right we'll be back to old man talk
again I have not seen Jurassic world via
Richard you seen it no so I'm interested
I don't care about a genetically
engineered dinosaur monster I just don't
know that's Barry it is it is gang
busters at the box oh yes it is doing
absurdly well at the box office meeting
all sorts of records worldwide I don't
know if it's if it's beaten Ultron yet
for biggest weekend but it is it's doing
very well 207 or something weird the
movie made this weekend and that's at
least that's the estimate or sometime
it's it's good it's doing so well I'm
gonna go to box office mojo no 204 for
sure I think 207 is the record to beat
how do you know it's still Sunday it's
based off of Esther
they're usually pretty pretty correct
about their estimates they got it down
to a science
2007 was the avengers biggest open you
know biggest opening weekend of all time
Jurassic world is now number two at 2:04
so congratulations Jurassic world right
I did say that hardcore and I was
incredibly wrong I had guessed that
Jurassic world was going to be tanked
and it would be the start of the
downfall of Chris Pratt's career and
obviously I was incredibly wrong as the
world loves it and Chris Pratt doors not
opening tonight glitch did you quit oh
no not that glitch then you're playing
demon souls okay that's fair enough
that's fair enough
Russ's and so not only has it gotten 204
mill opening weekend and over 500
million worldwide opening weekend so
Jurassic world is officially gonna get
the trilogy see you know like it's gonna
get fuck oh you have to do something in
that room don't know what the fuck
- a rich go to the place of the blue
Keith well that's weird weird I already
had the blue key thought I did maybe we
just covered Gorman sure yes maybe it
was covered with the warrant was there
like a switch on it maybe
yeah but just by picking it up that
should have triggered you know and from
from what I've heard you know sigh I've
her very split on Jurassic world from
from all sorts of media people some
people like it I don't know I think I'm
gonna see it I like Chris Pratt
I like dinosaurs we'll see we'll see
no I'm sure I'm sure it's passable Lucky
Strike says what makes Jurassic world so
good isn't because the masses are stupid
and see the word Jurassic I think that's
part of it everyone remembers how great
Jurassic Park is you know what Jurassic
Park is fucking great no one no one will
deny the greatness of Dresden
people will see Chris Pratt's name and
he is known for doing good things and so
right these are all things that give the
movie good will recognizable name and a
recognizable actor in a recognizable
name and I'm sure it's not terrible
right because we would have heard that
immediately if it was terrible and so
passable and it's a recognizable name oh
my oh my god what was that Sonic I was
deaf oh well yeah I mean I see death
gory death
yeah it's not my my guess is my Maya my
personal bias going in I'm expecting an
okay movie I'm expecting an okay she
lucky when I see dress okay which is a
shame because Jurassic Park was more
than that wasn't this wasn't really I
think so I think there was some heart in
Jurassic Park do you think not just
Sherlock going to do you're in the way
that everything Spielberg does his heart
yeah yeah well he has he has that he has
a magic matter
he has gift where he can make you can
make even wish luckiest movie about
aliens they should have a little heart a
little wonder he fills it with Wonder
yeah dress apart was nice and tight no
no I wouldn't I would not say that
Jurassic world is the Man of Steel 2015
Man of Steel is a terrible movie I can't
say I haven't even seen Jurassic world
doesn't Brown sure it doesn't sound
interesting to me I I will not I would
care about actual dinosaurs but like
fake made-up the hybrid monster dinosaur
it just sounds so off-putting and stupid
to me it's karna sore man it's good it's
karna sore I love it no I mean I know
and I have not seen oh you have to hit
it again I obviously have my suit
drastic world but even then I don't
believe it will be as bad as Man of
Steel was Man of Steel was the worst
can i name one character from Jurassic
Park sure dr. grant
delete the lead character from Jurassic
Park John Hammond John Hammond the guy
in a dress cart get some kids out Ian
Malcolm huh Ian Malcolm Ian Malcolm is
the greatest character look Laura Dern
played played ironically by Laura Dern
Newman as the the computer programmer
samuel l.jackson has the other computer
like Nidre huh
injury that was his name I don't
remember names in general you should
know that but I remember every single
character from Jurassic Park remember
the snooty lawyer oh he was great I
remember this movie lawyer
from everything rich at the Rising Sun
wants to know from everything you've
seen from the DC Cinematic Universe so
far do you think they'll make it into a
second things I don't think there's any
one face I'm gonna those my first
question is is there a first phase I
don't think the Dark Knight movies are
related to anything they're doing with
Superman no I don't think so so so far
they have one movie Man of Steel and
it's terrible and they have Batman vs
Superman will be the second movie in the
cinematic universe so I think it did
well enough I'm not hard keep making
these things sure any turbo yeah and
you're gonna have to deal with that I
think like it's it's bad to assume that
they're thinking in phases they're not
giving this any more
forethought than you what's the next
movie they're not they're not a flat-out
come out and said we don't make movies
for universe we're making the director
based what they said yep that's exactly
what they said they don't give up
hey don't give up
I don't do we will play demon souls
don't worry where you just wanted to
play a little brutal doom first I don't
know why it was this idea to play you
want the band played brutally you were
here and everyone else was sure show
five minutes late that's fine
next time I die it's all yours I think
next time I die as long as I need to
right now
I'm too worried about the teeth that's
true you should be
you only get one you only get one pair
well you know
exactly we make director base movies and
that's why we're firing directors left
and right that's exactly DC doesn't care
they don't have their there PG there
Kevin PG they don't have someone leading
leading the charge and that's been
every every ship needs the captain and
DC ain't got no captain I think that's
the first statement I think that's the
first thing I agree
eg faggy however however you pronounce
his name there the guy faggy faker may
might be thing
Seiji the head of Marvel Studios the guy
who's in charge of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe believe he knows what's going
on he's making all the money making all
of money
exactly and Schneider is the closest
thing that the DC Universe has to a
leader and they should be worried about
that bothers them and I give a fuck
DC's weird you only think DC has ever
gotten right it's been the DC Animated
universe are they yeah over how are they
fucking it up like pulled any stuff I
mean they're making some kind of new
thing on YouTube now but that's a god
I'm kind of new he kind of thing no yeah
but they don't do the the the Bruce Timm
Paul Dini kind of team up that that kind
of style anymore Batman Batman the
batman the animated series generation
sure of DC animation is over well that's
yeah you're just saying talking about
the ones position show they still make
animation well no that was batman the
animated series it was Justice League
that was Batman Beyond that era is gone
that areas go I still think they have a
continuity somewhere in there
I don't know if there is any kind of
continuity DC Animated universe going on
now I don't think so I have I have just
no idea I'm gonna say no we'll say no
one you're wrong yeah it could be not
okay Jack do you think that Schneider
exists as an oscar-winning
cinematographer in an alternate universe
I mean you know if we are to believe the
multi-universe theory anything's
possible except bad it's but there are
limits I need to go get some water okay
what is my hearing here get some air in
her
all right okay
no Jack Snyder is not a genius
cinematographer Zack Snyder reads a
comic book points to an iconic panel in
a comic book and tells his
cinematographer to do that that'd be
cool if you did dad
completely missed a point with the watch
bunny like that heroic scene with her
kicking everybody's ass yeah personally
that's so wrong but it looked really
cool though I think Oh
humberto Cabbage Patch yes I did finish
her detective and I really liked it I
really really liked it
nice nice little detective story
nice little detective story and I've
ended thinking that it is not
pretentious I kept going back and forth
on whether or not I thought the show was
pretentious because Matthew I hate con
McConaughey Matthew McConaughey's
character is like I haven't seen Dazed
and Confused in two days and in any case
his character is a little
pretentious but that's just his
character that's not the writing of the
show he like that's he's supposed to be
that you know I'm not a film expert and
I've said multiple bad guys don't
remember few things I don't think I've
ever confessed to being a film
hey Bill
raka no spoilers we go still watching
but no I thought it was fine I thought
it was great I thought I thought who it
was at the end it is a fun little ghost
monster
what are you talking about
they're crazy mr. Gordon both forbid the
detectives were not cheesy and flat they
were they were archetypal which is fine
maybe a little cheesy but not flat they
were great got McConaughey and see I'm
gonna do it again and forget it you keep
in here woody here
I remember you want I remembered it
Woody Harrelson
Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson
great team great team riches here grown
up
Rich's playing doom so he's not talking
too much
well plus you're talking about shit I
got no idea about Matthew my kind of
hand wine I don't give a shit about
matching the kind of hairr what
detective what is that it's a popular
show it is a popular television show on
the HBO's and the HBO's HBO's I don't I
don't understand what you're saying the
HBO is a channel that one is it so like
you were saying it's just like you is
there there's a channel network I also
have to stop watching rich play pretty
girl it is making me slightly motion
sick yeah yeah why I don't know you're
moving very fast that's the nature of
doom where did sucker go
I'm picking up your gum and you die
crocodile brain The Grocer word is moist
which what do you think is the grosser
word moist or used both fine words
they're both fine words Rich's crabby
tonight rich got to thinking about his
teeth he's crabby about it yeah Logan he
brought it up though I'm worried about
it you should be worried about five
hundred dollars is a lot of money to me
I think it's a lot of money to everyone
except for millionaires but I was
getting the same oh yeah other people
are saying they might be uh they're also
getting a little motion stick what
you're saying did you want to not play
this no no you can keep playing as well
what I'm doing is putting my screen in
front of the TV so I can see really yes
I have I have been keeping eyes on
YouTube gaming centric site
I don't think rich and I will try it or
I mean you know I'm not I'm not saying
we will never try it but things seem to
be going all right here on Twitch so
sitting like it would confuse things for
no good reason
yeah things she could unless you can do
simultaneous streams have any problem
even then even then twitch is uh
footboards
most times when you try to get it or so
you know we need to I know they've been
having some problems assuring out the
YouTube live streaming game channel
thing and I'm sure YouTube will figure
it out they have all of Google to figure
it out but twitch works for us and
that's working and everything's working
so I change it if it's working
I know twitch is owned banks I think
that be respect what I'm saying is we're
going to go with the system that works
better and right now that system is
twitch if if YouTube finds a way to make
it work better yeah if it's a better
experience for you guys watching if it's
a better experience for us streaming
we're gonna go where it works the best
that I mean I know that's a bold
statement we're gonna use the thing that
uh that works the best
what's my ammunition like almost forgot
that have you picked up any games and
the at the Steam sale
what we go
I picked up a game that's been in there
just for a while called the nightmare
cooperative what the fuck is that
ironically it's a it's a turn-based
strategy game grid based strategy game
that looks kind of interesting and it
was for like a fucking half you don't
like grid based
yeah it's a beer skirt yeah no I got
that and man we might like we might go
over to youtube if it works better but
we'll see we are I am keeping an eye on
I'm keeping an eye on YouTube and their
streaming services I know it's easier
for people to watch YouTube you know
twitch it still hasn't figured out a lot
of mobile stuff yet YouTube is a lot
better for the Bruck on the broadcaster
side of things you have a lot more
options as a broadcaster but they don't
have their system yet
which works on Miroku that's great
that's great yeah I can't you know what
and here's here's something really awful
I can't even remember all of the games I
bought and they're just gonna sit in my
library I bought them because I felt
like I needed another thing with steam
sales though it's exactly the Steam sale
it's really upsetting them because like
I'd love to share with all the stuff I
got
trying to look through my old emails I
hate you fuckers
you know in the confirmation email you
get some steam it doesn't tell you what
you bought it just gives you like the
many things are weird in life doesn't
tell you what you bought it doesn't want
to it doesn't to remind you know you
might you might buy it again
did I buy this I don't know if I could
it's two dollars it's 98 percent off no
it tells you if it's in your library
I have so many on head games on my on my
game list has anybody been playing the
like steam summer state sales game
there's a gaming right playing that game
you know I have no idea I give I give no
fucks yeah
no I have no idea how it works you just
click on an enemy over and over again
but you don't have to click on an enemy
you do automatic damage it's it's so
fucking near I got really I got really
sick of it real fast so it's like dota
exactly I don't know it's it's very
strange and then you can like when you
defeat enemies you get gold that
upgrades your character but I don't know
if it does anything for the sale it's
just a game it's just a weird game it's
crazy it's dumb it's crazy them dumb
yeah the monster game is a grind fest
you're right it's so weird you can get
badges badges into play oh yeah there
you go hedges yeah I don't know stinking
badges get it a good thing rich is
playing with a mouse and keyboard
because rich only plays first-person
shooters with mics and keyboard what
what was the comment is rich playing
with a controller yeah of course I'm
playing with a keyboard they might be
new rich they might be new he has a
large piece of wood on top of his lap
while sitting on a couch so and then he
has like a little it's like a USB number
pad that he's using for movement in the
gaming life Mouse Guinea mice and
you're right Captain Spaulding this game
does have demons but it might lack all
those your soul burn in hell they go
doom no Brown I don't feel like saying
that right I mean I have the ability to
say if I just choose not to say what
something you didn't fall for I tried
credit where credit was due we saw that
one coming yep I absolutely did
Hey absolutely we'll get the police
question I think you know we're gonna
play a Dutch I think we're gonna try a
different one of the quest games all
right
Demon Souls time our next quests well I
melted in the water nice nice I think
well I think what we're gonna do is we
are going to take a break actually
all right take a break okay oh yeah yeah
I'll take a little break and get the ps3
set up
all right Justin Horman caesarian fart
Chernobyl kinsman Shumlin Idaho mr. shy
smile scant on the immortal Mikolajczyk
mi ke ola JC mr. which this city on this
this site on the Satan also rich you are
now right in front of the microphone and
well I got to see the thing I know but
uncool aid man
porcupine treason 12-hour night night
first-person color n cave Kurt what Kate
Cartwright thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do and I was
oppressed me to click oppress me to dick
whatever hold on best beat a dick punch
to feet was like two feet high but it
was it was further away before and it's
a very directional microphone there okay
I apologize everyone rich has been
around microphones for the past 20 years
and still has no idea how we're taking a
break
we'll be back
