Episode 312
Jack SoLovely Planet
July 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8XzuF23n4s
___________________________________________

[A] 

[B] whoa whoa whoa you're not supposed to
move you're not supposed to move No
nope hock guys fucking real
getting real now I missed it
fucking missed it you're talking to
sleep wake up Jack wake up you're
talking to sleep that's what it feels
like I feel I feel confused and scared
and I'm really glad that I decided not
to like them I really I'm really glad
that I decided not to like drink tonight
or else this would have been a very
surreal experience I'm gonna make this
I'm just not very good at its the WASD
controls that I'm not very good at I
think I would like in general I wouldn't
have a problem with Mouse aiming it's my
real problem is with controls controls
stopped you from coming to the first one
stop you from freaking me the fuck out
you blobs yeah yeah I'm onto you come on
dear
come on dolly blobs do you think you're
putting through the iron I think you can
fuck with me rainbow ball a hobo
Suffolk's are you coming to bathroom oh
I didn't see you coming
yeah oh yeah
fuck yeah I need a controller is this
even a stream this this is part string
this song is called I want to hump you
see that oh I hit my friend
I hit my friend the blue blocks are my
friends and the red blocks are the bad
guys oh they're throwing everything at
me now cherry bombs enemies friend amis
tippet
I keep getting those trapped in that in
the stairs like he's getting trapped in
the fucking stairs
alright
okay that's fine
ah that's like now it's like sniper it's
like a splinter cell up in here ah boom
hey friend easy we know jack jack is
ever fun it's I I this is is is this
what joy feels like is this which I
feels like
you're gonna you're gonna pop on that
don't forget me down later you're gonna
pop out right
gotcha
gotcha gotcha I got you a lovely planet
you guys are the best when you go weird
and when you're laughing yourselves for
gone weird I'm digging it
well thank you visa train this this is
beyond I want to say this is beyond
weird you know this is this is one we've
hit a new level I'm just upset that rich
isn't here to play this because I think
he would really like it I mean ah not
like actually like it but I think I was
I always get a kick out of rich swingers
I think everyone will get a kick out of
rich - one shot one kill by the way
that's what we're gone one shot one kill
one shot one kill sniper sniper sniper
sniper boom that's we're gonna fall
we're going for 100 that's gonna cost me
that's gonna cost me those two shots two
shots
yes rich and I will do an entire prereq
episode just on this game hey that'd be
a terrible idea my friends you know sad
my friends are we
once you out one kill one's all headshot
ready this is true sniper dominating
kill streak egg shot
dominating now like any good sniper I
can get sniper you need cover might need
better cover
nope no scope no scope is the hard part
here we go here we go ready oh there's a
cover
there's a cover and all right and up on
body shot
yeah okay thanks
nice
this game is called lovely planet and I
wish it had a different song wouldn't
that be great if it had a different song
like one different song even like five
different songs would be great but you
know we can't get everything wrong Hey
Ramirez says hello
you guys just see what I figured out
here I figured out like this shortcut oh
I'm going to hit man on this I'm going
hit man how does he know I'm over here
how do you know I'm over here yay you've
got nothing you've got nothing
skittle shot what's the best thing that
came out this year
it's a good question did blood-borne
come up this year
tonight oh you always face me I was
hoping a shooter another pack you know
what that is right between the eyes Oh
didn't didn't jump
hitman
you can come fat it from any angles
shoot him in the kneecap
machine god I might be going insane guys
I'm really sorry okay okay let's do this
machine if blood-borne came up to see
Dennis blow up our loved ones the
greatest well look at your bullets just
kind of go off into an infinity let's
shoot a cloud ready should up the cloud
makes it to handle shoot I shoot the
plane it by poets you're full of my love
I love you bullets mr. Vince thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
dammit Rambo fuck you can't touch those
pink partners they taught me in Catholic
school good eye we've you lost me along
come on out going to the abyss going
into the abyss get out here you fuck
fuck

[C] 

[D] 
