Episode 315
Ba-Man: Ark Ham Spoileriffic (Part 1)
July 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1B6Z9T9H4I
___________________________________________

just stop I just um hey everybody sorry
about that I don't know I don't know
what happened with the stream it just
stopped for a moment really sorry about
that a copyright claim by Warner
Brothers right so Batman is infected
with a Joker virus and which as I was
saying I mean on paper I mean that
sounds like the dumbest thing alive full
full spoilers full a virus that is
actually turning people into Joker's
right
and now here's here's the story because
you didn't play the other games all the
way through right yeah I do would you
mind spoilers for the other games
obviously not I'm here already
okay the first game you know the the
Titan formula the bane serum yeah Joker
uses that on himself at the end oh let's
do a monster joke oh right once you get
to the next game Arkham City Joker is
dying because of that oh that explained
why he is dying does everyone else
don't mention anybody else who used to
tighten formula dying just just Joker
apparently is dying after using the
titan formula mm-hmm his blood is poison
oh so he poisons the Batman and no no
there's no mentioned about turning into
the Joker it's just like an illness
right so back man is dying through all
of Arkham City until he saves the day in
the end gets himself cured but not the
Joker yo Grands of death from the the
titan formula okay now in this game
apparently for some reason the tainted
blood instead of just being some kind of
titan formula sickness also randomly
turns you into the Joker yes at all nope
Rocksteady is so good at storytelling
there's somehow making it work they
really are and and the most glorious
thing is happening where the Joker just
appears in your subconscious randomly
throughout the map and he starts talking
to you and he's wonderful and
and everything Oh like like this right
here like like you're seeing right here
here's the Joker he's going to talk to
us but here's I'm just listening to mark
hamill would be wonderful oh isn't he is
he's wonderful and so here's the thing
like if I would just like to randomly
fly around the room the Joker will just
appear on random buildings I need to
turn the game audio down a little bit
it's the best possible way they could
have used the Joker absolutely
absolutely so like so far it's been
incredibly fun bud as he look now he's
gone I turned the camera away from him
and now the Joker's gone just cuz he's
part of my subconscious it's great the
other thing you need to know again super
spoiler alert is Barbara Gordon who was
infected with the fear toxin has shot
herself in the head and is now dead
Barbara Gordon aka Commissioner Gordon's
daughter
aka Batgirl aka Oracle is is now shot
herself in the head and is now dead in I
mean an amazing turn I did not see that
coming right now to give you some
context of where I am Harley Quinn has
taken over one of my secret bat bases
and and I have to stop those are all her
men down there and I have to stop all
those men and
get my bass back to cure myself of the
Joker disease because I have the Joker
disease so I have a voice I have a voice
synthesizer that I need to use and we're
gonna see how this works loving life if
you haven't played the game yet you want
to just just just don't tune into the
stranger like spoilers oh yeah no we
can't I can't stress how many spoilers
we're gonna have just so many spoilers
okay I have a voice synthesizer which
I'm pretty happy with right now yeah I
took down a big guy already I'm all good
oh yeah no I I have if you look but the
reason that my like I've been doing only
the side missions like all my side
missions are almost at a hundred percent
like the firefighters are done the oh
yeah the firefighters are done Harvey
two-face is done the the Firefly the
firefighter the Firefly mission is done
here's here's my quote issue unquote
with the the Batman Rocksteady Arkham
games okay there I in my opinion they're
pretty good at storytelling hmm
so much so that I think the games are
too long because I just want to find out
what happens next
so I haven't been feverish they're doing
all the side quest oh and like to me the
side quests have been made some like
that's that's been what's been worth it
to me like this the side quests are what
makes it so for me century gun what
there's sentry guns now who's put I do
it's not my experience this game is not
all
well I don't like the predator sections
in this game you don't like the predator
section it's cheesy ha ha ha there's
that that fear takedown thing pop-up and
you take out five guys yep
they don't have the the colors that that
Lauren everybody else wants you once you
take somebody out you could just quietly
take out everybody and nobody ever gets
alarmed yeah that's been great that's
terrible I used to love the stealth
stuff in the other games and I know
maybe the most people it doesn't seem
easier because I used to artificially
make the stealth sections how to run
myself by not using the gargoyles uh-huh
and I know it just seems so easy now
Tory is going but I'm not enjoying
Plus+ none of the none of these don't
section environments make any kind of
sense they're just they're just random
structures everywhere yeah
like that catwalk that's connecting two
squares that are sticking out of the
ground yeah what the fuck is that I
don't know I don't know I like it it to
me it doesn't matter where it's just
like it's comic-book so it's like it's a
video game and these are all there
because the video game makes sense but
nothing to me like it doesn't bother me
I guess that that they don't make both
Malachi says rich what about her Arkham
Knight changes up the game when you
focus on one type of take down here's
the thing because I used to like to
challenge myself in the predator
sections I never tried to do the same
takedowns twice and that's just the way
I play I didn't even know he did that
cuz I'm always trying to find you I hope
everyone just saw like a guard glitched
on me and spotted me but it was a glitch
a guard like glitch table did everyone
see that
hardcore saw that I wasn't I wasn't
looking at the time I don't know a guard
like flew in the air he was a Superman
guard and he glitched he he glitched out
okay so so and then he spotted me and I
was doing a really I was doing a great
silent mission and he spotted me and
ruined it then the combat yeah because
there's there's so much tank stuff
mm-hmm like the game is probably 60%
Batmobile uh you know it can be it
I love the combat in these games and
there's just not much of it you know
what speaking but also also the bastards
have taken out the combat challenges as
part of the menu mm-hmm like all the
other games have like whole separate
there's like I may as well been its own
own game where you could just
individually do predator challenges and
combat challenges mm-hmm
they took that out I'm assuming so they
can sell it as DLC later oh sure you
know and fuck them for that because I've
been doing the side missions the side
missions are pretty combat heavy yeah
and so and which is why frankly I've
been doing them and yes I know I know
what they were trying to do they didn't
want to feel like more of the same so
they they focused on they took a risk
focus on something entirely new and well
well the battlefield stuff kind of works
it doesn't feel like Batman it feels
like it feels like take commander yes it
is tank commander and and I think that
all the tank stuff is incredibly
unsatisfying I really dislike all the
tank sections it's not as good as the
other actually I'd say it's not as good
as the predator stuff but the predator
stuff in this game sucks
it's it's just it's not as good as the
combat and I really I'm enjoying that
all the combat sections and I find the
tank stuff to just be out of place you
know if it was its own game sure they
made a blaster master game what was that
old musket blaster master master was you
tank and you ran the take around no it
would be fine as a modern update on that
game I did not want to go to this stand
get out of here Batman use the voice
thing lure them into traps huh did you
get the thing up yeah I just got the
voice things like more than next to an
exploding thing are the boss battles
better every boss battle so far has been
in a tank so no well yeah you have to do
more of the side missions the side
missions are where it's at because you
get to uh that's that's where all the
combat is that's where all of the
predator changes Firefly is a tank
combat yeah fireflies a two-face though
all the two phase bank heist missions
are great yeah but do you see it as a
boss fight really oh no that's in fact
what I love about the two-face missions
is that like he's just a dude you know
well that's fine I'm just saying so he's
asking about the boss fights
well the boss
I consider that boss fights to be a
predator mission you know the boss fight
itself is a big predator mission people
shit on origins a lot but if they
actually did boss fights better than any
of the other games yeah yeah
I'm gonna keep you I'm gonna catch you
and I'm hoping I don't have to find all
of the Riddler shit to complete the the
Kepler my question that would suck right
now I got I'm stuck on the Riddler stuff
apparently I don't have the right gadget
I'm almost done with it I've done I
don't either
I did that section because I like the
Riddler in these games are great I like
em so they're both great characters in
these games so I did I definitely did
those side missions my only issue with
all of the Riddler stuff is like the
Riddler you know what do you think of
when you think of the Riddler like he
makes puzzles right he makes noises he's
the the prince of mind games and what
does he do here he builds race courses
car combat his name again combat car
combat there's some puzzling things
though yeah not as many you'd probably
like city a lot that's what people are
saying yeah they they're their take on
the Riddler is more of like like like
kind of like saw he loves making death
traps uh-huh
that people could conceivably get out of
if they're smart and offer good enough
yeah that's a good take on the Riddler
oh this voice commander is funny I just
tell them to go the other way and then I
give them a silent takedown how far out
of the game am i I know in the main
story I am currently at seventy nine
percent seventy not yeah oh yeah you're
farther than me in the main story yeah
which is why I was comfortable streaming
in especially just with you cuz you know
I won't ruin the story
oh sure for your for review sake Simon
takedown
I can use the voice synthesizer to clear
out that I don't like it that like I'm
getting a new gadget this late into the
game you know I feel I feel you're your
own 62-percent you had a good chunk of
game ahead of you apparently the turret
can see me from there all right that's
fine
Oh turn turn detective vision off yeah
yeah well I was up on the scaffolding
you'll see in a second I was up on a
scaffolding and I didn't think for sure
I didn't think that the turn can see my
mind the mines yeah that's that's I was
really trying to get away from the mines
here we go I'm gonna get this swoop in
get the turret oh there's Joker again I
love it when he pops up he just shows up
random places and start stalking me
that's great
did you see which which side quests have
you started I've done here I will tell
you so the the Firefly one is 100% the
the penguin one is at 60% the the tower
one is at 60% the road mine one is at
48% oh I finished the the perfect crime
one with uh with those the bodies
hanging okay I have not
oh man that's creepy I even find them
how are you finding them you know what
was what it was with that one is you
have to fly around and listen for opera
music okay this guy it's one of my most
I'm gonna pause it for a second just so
I can talk about one of the things that
I love the most about this game is there
are certain missions
like the tower one like the road bomb
one where you just need to happen across
stuff or like listen to the helicopter
pirates or like the pilots are the
police on the radio that give you kind
of clues to where they are right like oh
we found a body in the Kingston section
and then you have you have to find it
yourself there's no map marker for the
side quests like all the way all the
bank heists yeah all the bank heists you
just have to like listen for the alarm
you know I think that's great so I would
fly around the city and you know listen
to for that opera music and then hone in
on it to find all the bodies it was oh
man no that was one of my favorite the
side quests are my favorite part briefly
answer a question or Oh same old song
and dance the answer is yes briefly but
it's DC what does that mean okay
see I I really want to find out what
happens next to the story and I can't be
fucking bothered to wander around
listening for opera music oh and so you
know part of my as you know I have a big
problem with the Batmobile and so I
choose not to use it when going from
place to place I only glide and so
that's how I've haptic Ross happened to
cross most things as I just guide places
you know Oh Harley you the swellest
looks like he did see the man-bat yeah
shit shit that was it that was a great
moment yeah dammit dammit god dammit god
dammit
oh I'm dumb oh I got stuck behind a
turret yeah I got stuck behind
I was disabling a turd and I got trapped
behind it so I couldn't get to the
second turret in time to disable it that
would that was kind of my fault but that
was that was Batman glitching not
glitching Batman got stuck on the turret
and and yes for anybody who wasn't here
last stream I had to get a refund on my
Steam version because uh none modded I
didn't try to fix the frame rate
problems unmod it it crashed every five
to ten minutes and that's unacceptable
five minutes well and like unacceptable
especially for like your your computer
you know you have a nice computer I'm
comfortable specs yeah it works but it
just crashes constantly right
voice synthesiser oh that we are to you
oh wait how many things to be alive Sam
yeah that one stick words I couldn't
save often there is no manual say but I
know no there's no manual say no manual
save okay we're gonna try this again
luckily it saves all the other guys I
killed so I don't have to go through all
that again but this guy's gonna get
fried
I do love like I'll there's so much I
like about the game like that you're
you're hey did I not disabled Oh God so
here's well here's something I don't
like about it so it's a I started the
mission by using my disabling gun - like
disable the weapons cache uh and then I
use the voice synthesizer to send a guy
over there but it saved me killing all
of the guys but it didn't save the fact
that I used my gun on the weapon cache
and so I just sent the guy over there
and he's like everything looks good son
of a bitch also gutless coward the Joker
isn't really back that Joker is entirely
in Batman's head which is kind of the
brilliant thing about it yeah it
actually works really well though they
go back to that well a little too much
because these they're constantly mm-hmm
but but I love it I I mean that's the
weapons crate try making me the there's
these generators down off somewhere that
you make explode oh yeah I got one now
oh yeah there's a generator let's see it
let's see if that our : oh do I need to
uh do I need to shoot it with my yeah oh
no I can't shoot it with you use the the
hacking thing on it oh okay oh I didn't
know that it's okay let's use the voice
and let's send
Oh oh he's busy right now he won't
follow my commands well somebody else is
using the radio okay
Harley Quinn is talking about work sure
Jack the generator okay so now I can
hack that there's something you can hack
yeah I see a portable generator there's
an explode button okay hold on hold on I
didn't know you could do this this is
gonna be great and and that's really fun
where'd that other guy go I think I'm
just gonna punch this guy I just want to
punch this guy sometimes you just want
to punch the bad guys so yours here's
the question jack yeah can they can they
do anything Batman without the Joker or
is that just not gonna happen
you know you know Oh got a weird echo
that's that's the fundamental flaw with
Batman as a character he he almost
requires the Joker to be really
interesting well Batman works these two
play off of each other so well Batman
doesn't require the Joker the bat Batman
requires a villain what about scarecrow
that's the thugs dilt well this game
just had a villain yeah it wouldn't be
as good that well Batman
requires an interesting villain and or
it's for someone to play off of and the
Scarecrow as he is in this game is not
interesting
I like the Scarecrow in general I like
his shtick but in this game
in this game he's not he's not cutting
it for me
he's so sinister he's like a different
character he is he's 100% a different
character in this game
and so the Joker is there to be the good
villain there we go yeah Oh what do I
have to do now that's it uh probably go
in alright I give them points for being
clever about bringing the Joker back
yeah no I I dig it mostly it mostly
because the Joker is not the villain
you know Knights I expected them to
tease that he wasn't really dead but it
was all gonna be some kind of trick to
fuck with Batman that's right I did not
expect where they went with it I love it
that Batman is going slightly crazy oh
my god
yeah I should probably face the door I'm
in I'm in blood-borne mode where the
exit is opposite the door you enter for
every elevator John keel Oh Mr Freeze is
in Arkham City and he has a very major
appearance in Arkham City and he's
probably the best boss in the entire
series televisor seems to be taking is
this a loading screen I seem to be going
down up up oh Jesus that's why there's a
there's a little Joker thing in the
elevator
I could listen to mark hamill joker kiss
all day everybody couldn't everybody
could is the best Joker and I love it
like every time you die and it's a
little Joker scene like he just taunts
you and it's wonderful you know what the
Iron Man armor is not as bad as I
thought it was gonna be I think it's
still very ugly no it's terrible
but it's not as it's not as ugly fucking
his cape looks weird as fuck yes
patterns on it no it's ugly it's fun
I think I think they did that
deliberately so you would buy the
alternate skins DLC packs hahaha I think
the suit is do I honestly think the suit
is deliberately ugly weird pieces that
are damning just make an Iron Man game I
know it's not that the neck is terrible
the whole thing isn't that bad all right
hold on combat section we're gonna see
we're gonna see how much better oh how
do I get oh oh right he can glide
wearing that metal suit with a cape
oh hey over there bed man get out of
here
oh and Robin now that's fun traffic -
yeah this is my first time playing as
Robin you have been Nightwing for one
output
I always forget how to do that stupid
you know get rid of the guys with the
shield move stun and jump over them yeah
Oh or if you have a high enough combo
score you can do the weapon break and
then just get rid of entirely there we
go
I'm gonna be back in one second I'm just
taking my clothes off here oh yeah
I would like everyone to know ayah that
I'm somewhat better than what I was last
time I have learned how to fight in
Batman that way that right there was a
testament to how much better I've gotten
so I have to private Batman that's great
thank you leftover beefcake I am
somewhat I'm somewhat better than what I
was oh that was that was they were
really mean to Harley rich-rich what
they were just really mean to Harley
what do they do to Harley you know he
was like how did Harley find us and the
guy the thug is like maybe she's smarter
than ooh thing he's like nope she should
be I mean she's a former psychiatrist
she's it that she has a doctor she's a
doctor he's gearing up for a comeback
now what I what I liked about the Harley
Quest or II do see the day one story dlz
we got her bonus shit yeah was on the
soundstage her sanity trying to tell to
get through her internal monologue
stop it Harley you don't have to do this
shut up they know character with these
games should be easy right yeah yeah I
agree I'm gonna be Robin for a little
bit just cuz why the heck not I did the
same thing yeah yeah you kind of like
this Robin who's this again this is Tim
yeah obviously it's not night it's not
it's not dick cuz knees Nightwing
what is this joker thing here can I hit
it rich what do you think the design of
Robin in these games it's fine Robins
never had a great costume nobody without
superpowers fighting street crime should
ever wear bright red and yellow where's
Henry it's me or Batman don't let anyone
through I mean there's a Henry twist
that we all see coming I'm sure bTW you
a cult or something cult I think it's
called I'm really good sideways because
I'm lying down for my back important
question do you like long or short eared
Batman what do you got Jack you have a
preference is that an important question
it's a question it's a it's a question
there you go um you know I've seen both
work well like this is long year Batman
yeah I guess that's about as long as I
would go but yeah I would stick with
medium to that like I I think right here
is actually too long so maybe short
eared Batman too shorts weird too shorts
weird but I would like to see shorter
than this like Dark Knight Batman too
short yeah cuz well those aren't even
ears those are like nubs
he has like nothing's on his head that's
too short that's too weird but but here
this these ears are too long I would say
those ears even make sense
his ears right now good enough it don't
look anything like bad ears can we agree
on that
no but you know you know it's fine
everything's fine no guy not gonna knock
it where am I going
why am I going do to do to do so what
are your thoughts on the Arkham Knight
character you know a little generic
especially because they keep pulling the
I could kill you now but I want to make
you suffer trope any any thoughts on to
the AI as to the identity not my first
yes be only because they keep mentioning
is a Talia al Ghul really Talia I mean
only because Joker has brought her up
several times but but now like I don't
know I don't necessarily care oh no
don't say anything I want to be
surprised
I don't know if I'll get there tonight I
was just curious if you had any thoughts
as to maybe tell ya I have I don't
really care that much except you're
thinking they're going full-on Rises
they're going full-on Dark Knight Rises
absolutely okay was she in any of the
other games she she died in the last one
oh okay
yep then it's Talia Joker shot her in
the heart yeah that's what I'm that's
what my guess is I don't you know it was
this way but I don't know and I'm I'm
right now not looking at the chat cuz I
don't want you guys to spoil it for me
no and you know what generally I don't I
die trying not to like think too hard
about that stuff because I like the
reveal you know I I don't I don't
generally try to figure it out before
the story reveals it to me just because
I like the reveal whoa I just happened
to accidentally read about it but I I
know I know how I feel
well don't tell me yeah I don't know if
we'll get there tonight but I I haven't
even gotten there like I said I just
caught a spoiler so he'd hear one like
it thought we had to get further than I
am now faster if we work together Wow
you'll know you certainly didn't see me
swing right over his head
I was Robin I i don't know why Robin
always gets so much shit I like Batman
and Robin
Oh dynamic duo motherfucker do I keep
going backwards I feel like I keep going
backwards
Batman putting people in mortal harm
it's completely unacceptable that's
that's my objection to Robin yeah this
Robin who seems older than most so I'm
more okay with it sure but I mean that
means he's been doing it since he was
you know a kid well that's that's the
case yeah okay yeah I know tart door but
like this this is poor level design I I
keep I have now like three times in a
row after I've defeated guys gone
completely backwards because I have no
idea which way I was supposed to be
going I'm gonna call that poor level
design oh here we go
here's a predator section I get a
predator section with Robin that's fun I
like the way the two characters
interacting yes just as a as a concept I
never I never liked the idea of Batman
just taking a series of young children
and putting him putting them in
positions where where people can shoot
at them with machine guns every night
yeah but he's empowering them lady Joker
yeah I'm listening I'm listening right
now I love it
this lady this is lady infected with
Joker virus oh sure yeah down down here
is Batman's secret lair and he was
holding what was it four people who were
infected with the Joker virus who were
like different people that look like
Joker's and also one person who was
seemingly immune to the Joker virus
she's hot for Batman she doesn't want to
be rescued she's great I wish she were a
character oh man there was a there's
like a wait a minute this is kind of
lame I can't imagine this is the whole
thing literally I'm just like up on
rooms and I press one button and I take
them down immediately yeah the the these
stealth sections
escapes oh well no no I'm like all other
predators I can't even believe this is
all the gimmick of Batman working with
Robin and it's really easy is this the
whole level is just pressing a button oh
yeah pretty much
well yeah I suppose don't don't spoil it
but it's like
what's our favorite film that bombed
Howard the Duck Denis going around
underpart the duck maybe it's because I
saw it when I was a child
yeah and I liked it as a child I liked
it when he fights the big monster at the
end but I and and Jeffrey Jones even
though I probably can't watch it now
because it's a creepy child molester
he was good that movie mm-hmm
now I need to find a vantage point up
high then I go that was like any strikes
check what's your favorite will be the
bumped favorite blue I mean I'm trying
to think of a movie that bombed usually
you forget about them that's why they
bombed I don't know if you want to
consider Big Trouble in Little China
ABAB then it's totally Big Trouble in
Little China oh sure yeah is that that
might count as a bomb it might yeah then
definitely Big Trouble in Little China
yes oh I like that movie so much I could
never think right
and I and mr. boobs I don't think Mad
Max counts as a bomb even though it
didn't do as good as the Avengers no Mad
Max made its money back
it's not even stole I would I would take
big trouble a little China mm-hmm
the trouble is great John Carpenter at
his best
why can't I take this guy down I see it
I should be able to do I have to take
the other guys down first before I take
the minigun er down
yes okay seems whatever you know what
whatever how about that actually wait no
wait I don't think you do you know other
ones I did get behind him and hit
triangle no one no no no for him for the
minigun guy don't do it from the ceiling
like walk behind him and hit triangle no
this this section I need to stay on the
roofs and call for backup the minigun
guy it's gonna be different jack why
because it just is you get on this
because it just is well shit
why can't I take these guys down now it
set up some rules here rich and it's not
it's no longer following the rules maybe
this is my crocodile brain where did he
go
it set up some press one button to take
everybody down rules and now it's not
following those rules yeah anymore
they're saying you can only do the
backup thing three times oh thank you so
so now it's just a normal level which is
one of those things I didn't notice
because I'm always trying to take guys
down two different ways I play these
games
oh sure well you know it just it pointed
to the thing and it said you could take
you could take him down so I was like oh
I thought I thought that was the the
thing for this level you know snap flash
what does Robin have here for bullet
Robert has a bullet shield but that
seems really effective I think Batman
should have that
Batman doesn't need it Batman doesn't
know Batman doesn't need we just slow
him down right okay what am I gonna do
here there's this guy
oh there's a guy coming over here I can
get him oh I'm gonna get you
gotcha yeah I even I haven't had but
maybe one or two stealth sections feel
satisfying in this game oh yeah yeah you
know and and this is this is this is the
difference between you and me like
playing playing the games you know I
could these are all been felt fine to me
I bet I've been diggin them it's like I
used to love doing like the claw thing
to pull somebody off a ledge yeah claw
doesn't do that anymore it just rips the
gun out of their hand No so I can't I
can't do the claw take down the double
take down from the ledge that's been
replaced with the fear takedowns right
there's no everything funs been replaced
with the fear takedowns yeah yeah the
fear to end the fear takedowns are cheap
yep that's funny yeah
I agree they're really you know like
they're very useful when you're fighting
a bunch of dudes you know like where
it's a brawler section instead of a
stealth section and you know that's in
some of the side missions there are a
couple like brawler sections you know
and so they're really they're really
helpful there if the bullet hacker if
the claw take down where you can yank
somebody off a ledge that's enough
upgrade I haven't see that and I'm
strikes
I am 80% through the game so I don't
think it is
I'm gonna kitchen rich rich and Jack
which is your favorite supporting Batman
character that's not the Joker the Joker
I guess that's the problem with my you
know and you know me I like Robin I
think Robin gets a lot of shit but then
working together is what is what makes a
lot of Batman for me I'd say Gordon but
my Gordon Love entirely comes from year
one
sure Batman drugs I need to have his
back
are you I'm to find a high vantage point
well there is due to to to to to to to
to to to to to to to
I'm just gonna kick this guy I'm just
gonna kick this guy you know why cuz why
the fuck not nope nope didn't kick it
didn't kick him ratios Tina Stull Tiana
rich if there was a mechanic that made
your vision progressively worse the
longer you use detective Asian with this
enricher play experience in a similar
way to blood burns use of the known min
map to make you look around I mean one
of those things where it's kind of the
way I try to play anyway well and they
do that there there are bad guys here
who who disable your detective vision
yeah or if you use detective vision they
can pinpoint your location and you know
I thought that was a really nice way to
kind of balance it out I've been abusing
it a lot in this game because I want to
go through the story faster cuz I want
to see what happens next of course but I
think I think in general when I play the
Arkham games I turned the division like
on just check around every now and then
sure I don't I don't think I usually
leave it on yeah yeah
okay here we go
fifty-two come on over here hey Richard
Jack do you ever listen to Kevin Smith's
Batman podcast he has a dedicated Batman
podcast according to someone in the chat
no I did hear I did hear about him
talking to Grant Morrison and Grant
Morrison's theory on the end of The
Killing Joke okay all right he heard
this nope
Grant Morrison thinks that Alan Moore
obviously continuity doesn't play out
this way because they took The Killing
Joke as continuity and the Joker is not
dead but according to Greg Morrison the
way it's written
Batman murders the Joker at the very end
of The Killing Joke oh because the
camera just kind of goes away from them
and zooms in on the ground and laughter
stops the panel looks like Batman could
either be like reaching out to grab
Joker shoulder while we're sharing a
laugh he could be reaching out to snap
his neck panels like the ground and like
the laughter stops oh sure that's a fun
way to look at it yep that is uh that's
a fun way to look at it
oh hey man what are you doing over here
I think I think somebody dug up the
actual script from Alan Moore's The
Killing Joke and it does not read in the
script as as a murder the way it's
written in his script is that they share
a moment the one the one saying no that
Joker's gonna have to to to to to to to
to one guy to go one guy to go we're
doing it here it's a my happy and fine
if they never make another Arkham game
um I think so yeah they could they could
make more Batman games maybe just not an
Arkham game no well where do you go with
Batman from here you know cuz if you're
not doing another Arkham game that's
implying that the gameplay is gonna be
entirely different and I think I think
this is it I don't know where you take
Batman from here that's entirely
different and that also feels like
Batman and that works as well well well
it could be the same gameplay but if you
don't call it an Arkham game you could
you don't need to worry about escalation
anymore which is their problem here but
I mean if you're doing the same gameplay
you're still it's still you know not
calling it an Arkham game but it's
another Batman are gonna be sure a rose
by any other name Jack ah rich I you
know I don't like it when you get a
literary on me what what do I think of
Grant Morrison's weird beliefs
what are his weird beliefs I know
nothing about that I don't nothing about
the man personally so he has weird
beliefs no idea what they are alright
who are complain it there you go
no I hit it I hit it I hit the button I
hit the owner Oh
Robin just kicked her in the face
Arkham Iraq where Batman let's take out
all the places everyone one of these
games has to escalate and it is getting
kind of absurd of this
yes low yes the the problem of
escalation is very clear here all right
let's get out of here to to to to to to
to to to to to to to to wait now Robin
just has a lady where do we deposit the
lady love Robin worry about that listen
Robin I know we spend all day together
in a cave just a couple dudes oh and
Robin doesn't know that Barbara's dead
yet dad oh oh just updating updating the
chat updating the chat Robin and Barbara
are dating in this universe this this
game is making Batman
very hard to like yes it's it's really
emphasizing the asshole in him yeah but
you know he's making he's making some
tough calls I'm really here though
though he needs to what he really needs
to do is be a little more open and
honest and be like here's the thing Tim
Barbara's dead but the Joker's inside my
head and you need to keep working on
that here instead of just saying work on
the cure because I told you to you know
oh what was there a time limit on the
cure I mean really taking care of a
scarecrow just a better and fairer to
early on then maybe if Batman weren't
huffing so much fear gas you know this
wouldn't be a problem this wouldn't be
an immediate problem like it is yes Jibo
dude at debt dudes I did check Bruce
Wayne's answering machine at Wayne tower
rich did you check his answering machine
oh yeah yeah
yeah Robin are you still following me
you can just go on your own buddy making
fists ofon what I said you're gonna see
two fists yes eyeko okay I can go that
way okay great
there it is I just needed to find the
thing alright I found the thing right
everything's fine
that thing on the top right does not
mean the Batman's afraid when that
thing's glowing it means that you can
pretty much just ignore stealth and kill
a bunch of people at once yeah yeah
that's your fear meter when you
generated enough fear do-do-do-do-do and
I should wait until he's in position
before I didn't make the explosive and
what probably have to
what's the matter these bullets hurt
I need to choose a location to issue an
order fYI Jack yeah before you blow that
Wawa yeah you can lure him there voice
then not only can i I have to oh you
have to yes
oh I didn't know that I just thought to
do it ah and I thought I was gonna blow
the wall and then have to punch him yeah
I was gonna do that then I thought hey
you are a clever man than myself I like
it when the Batman goes in and punches
the playing a trick on me again
what is this happening to my mind to my
mind to save you it's been six months
the point he is usually a dead giveaway
I didn't want to show you that photo
really I didn't mind stuff is happening
the only way for you to get closure oh
my god this is horrifying Oh
Batman's losing his mind Batman's losing
his mind and his mind marbles okay I'm
fine let's get the next one
mmm mind marbles nope not that explosive
gel it's the the death and the family
cutscene done
yeah I don't know neither did I shine
washes I'm watching that at the way so
you read the comic Rey dice no he gets
beaten to death with a crowbar by the
Joker no yeah well they also they also
referenced The Killing Joke earlier with
Barbara Gordon yeah oh yeah so there
they're hitting the classics they're
hitting the classics oh wait can I
grapple there sorry there's a there's a
Riddler puzzle thing here yep and for
some reason I can't change characters as
with Robin to make him stand anything
well there's um the sonic Batarang under
the Sun that remote oh is that what I
need to do yeah yeah one of those guys
oh it's been a while since I've use
these should should Coulson's not gonna
lie this games ending is he let down
that's been every Arkham game yeah
pretty much every single one oh wow
that's one way shot here no no a lot of
people don't like the ending of the
first one because Joker on steroids is
too weird for them I mean it worked for
the plot mmm that's pretty weird but I
know a lot of people didn't like it
sure that's pretty weird city forgets
what the story is about about a quarter
of the way into it figure out what's
going on with you go strange and Arkham
Joker's here oh they missed it they
missed a great gag you there's a big
mirror and I'm not the Joker in the
mirror I'm just a Batman you would think
I'm not familiar with that mirror but
maybe maybe it's random oh sure this
lock is mechanical with no digital
components I won't be