Episode 316
Ba-Man: Ark Ham Spoileriffic (Part 2)
July 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEMERT6jhgc
___________________________________________

this lock is mechanical with no digital
components I won't be able to use the
remote hacking device oh and you can use
a button to slow the battery down oh
okay I need your help
it's what a shoulder things I need you
to send me the CCT I want to say left in
the camera in stage C you can so so
here's the thing with Henry
this old guy who is helping us out yeah
this old guy has been begging to be let
out like your finger and we've been
holding him hostage like looking for
cures right yes because Batman is a jerk
and now he's all like yeah I'm here to
help you he's totally full Joker already
right like that's the last ten minutes
that's that's what I'm calling Story one
okay thanks Henry is he's like full evil
already okay
oh oh that's where the mirror comes into
play okay that's fun I'm not gonna spoil
anything so no this is me because like
he's been he's been bitching and moaning
about being locked up for the entire
game and all of a sudden he's like if
I'm just here to help Batman you dollar
you you need me to do something wrong
I'm do it okay so we got zero
middle one okay but it's reversed yep
yeah okay great taxes so that's okay how
do you feel about Jim Gordon Mecca
Batman Jim Zorn Oh what do you know
about Jim Gordon Mecca Batman
no Jim Gordon Mecca Batman yeah is this
game thing or a comic book
no the chemical thing in the comic books
Batman is now James Gordon in a robot
Batman suit who is wearing a bomb vest
once or five other bombs around Batman
is now James Gordon in a robot Batman
that sounds like the dumbest thing I've
ever heard hold on we got we got
puzzling things to charisma
oh my god I have to control Robin while
the camera is on Batman I mean it's fine
but you know I mean I do love you know
Joker is
what the fuck is going on and dick the
birthday boy Joker's serenading us and
I'm Robin and I have to control Robin in
a different perspective which is fine
it's it's it's weird but how could you
not love this section what is wrong with
you I don't like it when they
arbitrarily change up gameplay mechanics
for a specific scene and it's not
arbitrarily I don't like when they
change up gameplay mechanics just for a
specific scene because it takes me out
of it a little bit it's fun it's really
fun and a lot I will always say that the
more mark hamill Joker the better so
it's it's a clever way to do it but like
I'm why it why isn't the camera on on
Robin you know don't I know no it's just
me
it's just me it's just me yeah the
Joker's and Batman's had fun but uh the
charisma of a guy with the Joker stuff
is really there please explain when
Batman reconstructs the crash involving
Barbara yeah how's this reconstruction
device get audio of Barbara I I see that
the reconstruction largely just in
Batman's head as he imagines it happen
yes rather than an actual holographic
display with audio that's really there
that's how I read that so and I'm sure
that like a lot of the graphics were
there but uh yeah the audio could just
be in his head
now there's the other problem sneaky
Robin is the oh fuck where's the other
bum oh it's on the Joker that's right
it's on the Joker that's where the last
problem is so just keep singing yeah I'm
just kind of hanging out behind Joker
and I'm not doing anything this can't be
right what I'm doing right now it can't
be right
this doesn't feel right this is oh
there's okay great not like Mark Hamill
I love Mark Hamill yeah it's great
people think I'm nuts when I say I
remember more as the Joker that I do a
Harry this Luke Skywalker who are you
know this is telling you something it
took me a second to think
Skywalker but my a my head he's the
Joker first and foremost yeah
okay that way you know what does it fun
family fun section like that work Robin
my contribution to music okay you know
me to pick him up now you pick him up
you might you're my you're my apprentice
Robin you pick them up you do the work
come in come on let's go
why does every Batman game have to be
about Arkham why can't they just make an
open world Grand Theft Auto type game
where you just go around beating up
criminals that's my favorite part of
this game yes what this is the other
reason Arkham's in the title was because
the first game was success and they were
kind of stuck with the Arkham name at
that point yeah cuz they had a brand
they wanted people to know it was a
sequel to that and I would I think I
wouldn't that's missing in the superhero
genre in general is like just give me a
sandbox
give me a procedurally generated crime
sandbox you know yeah like I don't need
I don't need the main story of this if
you took the main story out of this game
I love it more and then the tank take
the tank outs like it's like the the
spider-man open-world games yeah
spider-man's like they do right they do
yeah I know I know but they do random
crimes but it's like you know stop stop
the mugger stop speeding car white
spider-man's book so many fucking
supervillains why don't sue performs
randomly pop up on the map wouldn't it
be great can awesome we just swing it by
and holy shit there's Doc Ock yeah
with Doc Ock fight that would be great
everyone calls them bats and I think
that's great
yeah no no like like I said like the way
they do the side missions in this game
where you just have to be randomly going
by and noticed something I loved I loved
that about this game make it a little
procedurally generated where you know
the the villains the the bad guys come
at different levels and you're just a
super hero with some powers that would
be amazing
make thing happen the thing that Spider
Man 2 taught me though it was if you're
gonna do open-world super hero with
random things that happen you need a
shitload of different random things
where it's gonna get real repetitive
real quick yeah yes there's only so many
times you can give a child back as a
balloon oh no the roads closed how am I
ever gonna get in oh great alright
doo-doo-doo
wait Cameron ritual as the Joker yes or
no no Cameron Cameron Mitchell as drunk
James Gordon yes
typically drunk James Gordon though yep
James Gordon's life has been taken away
from him and he's taking it out on the
boot on the bottle in Batman this is
like after his wife died or something
yeah yeah yeah all right I'm missing
something over here how do I get in this
one I'm not gonna look at the chat
because I like figuring it out for
myself
you settle down you settle that can I
hit it with a Batarang
I can figure this out I can figure this
out maybe I think this great is throwing
me off a little bit need to remember
what I all have here how this work used
more knockout gas you know you would
think that knockout gas would be like
beat or just like a stun gun that Batman
really needs a stun gun you know like a
sniper rifle that incapacitate people
why does he even bother with kung fu
because they didn't have stun guns in
1938 right it's gotta be something with
is great was what I'm thinking
Mario Mario 42 you are right I do want
to do that one to do one there much you
wanna you want a back seat game yeah
yeah yeah no I know and this has got to
be frustrating for anyone who knows what
the who knows what the solution is and
I'm sure like I'm sure you guys figured
it out like right away but it for some
reason this is is a doozy of a puzzle
for me so someone in the chat earlier
kept mentioning a Superman Arkham style
game I don't see how that works with
Superman mm-hmm cuz who the fuck needs
stealth you just go in and you beat up
everybody
well you take no damage while doing it
you know what what we what we discussed
this before in the integrated Superman
game
what you need is timed events right you
need like like you you have to save a
certain number of people and the random
his crime events if you don't get to him
in time you know you lose and so like
and then if you lose enough like your
your morale goes down and Superman
commits suicide or something okay it's
kind of have something to do with this
great but but my question for the chat
is cuz this is supposedly the last
Arkham game that Rocksteady is going to
make yeah I don't know what their next
game is going to be are they doing a
Superman game is that why people keep
bringing that up oh maybe is that is
that their next thing you know that's
excuse me is that just speculation it's
probably speculation no oh it's gotta
have something to do with this Cambridge
or the grace under the game but they
have the makings of a great take girl
game no I hate that all the tank stuff
it's fine it just it doesn't feel very
Batman it's not Batman and it's also not
very interesting like Italy hope at
least the cars just oh go ahead I would
say at least the car stuff is you're
moving fast you know you have to keep up
with people but the tank stuff is just
you know dodge the line in front of you
shoot your missile rinse repeat all the
tank stuff I find so dull I thought all
of the ACE chemical plant stuff with the
tank was great yeah yeah that was great
that was some clever use of it I don't
know that I want to hold Batman game
it's just that though right and as far
as just just visually I mean it's an
ugly-ass Batmobile really ugly right
I'm getting close I'm getting close to
needing a hand here oh let me get out of
the grade cuz like why else would the
great be there if you didn't have to use
the grade do you have to use the great
what do you give up tell me this do you
have to use the great not to get the big
gate open
not to get the gate open this is just my
remote control the great has no use in
solving the puzzle
it is a gadget it is a gadget that you
have so go through everything you
haven't tried yet right how would how
would Batman how would bad that isn't
with his inventory what he has yeah he
has so many things that it could hit it
with but I can't make it to the gate you
know like my bat claw should be able to
make it through the gate it's not okay
my Batarang again should be able to make
it through the gate it can't be s got
the line launcher oh yeah that's not
going to work
that's not gonna work I got the
explosive gel I guess I could put the
explosive gel on the gate and blow these
people up but but I don't think that's
what Batman would do no we have the
voice synthesizer which probably won't
work and why not cuz these guys are
looking right at me
I wonder I wonder why that great stir
come on that was fun
that did get that that got me a lot more
than it should have
I got you I get you take out the big gun
take out the big guy no go for the big
guy you always think of the big guys
what's what's wrong with with rich yeah
this is self-diagnosed because I'm not
gonna be able to see a doctor until July
9th that's when your appointment is yeah
I I believe I am having a a sciatic
nerve flare-up inflammation thing and
basically I have a lot of pain in my leg
yeah it's the the nurse that ones from
your leg to your spine yep basically
basically whatever I try to move it's
it's agony though it's it's a bit better
name like I said when I when I when I
got out of bed this morning I really I
only screamed in excruciating pain once
so I mean the day before I actually fell
to the ground and beg to God I don't
believe in - please end the suffering Oh
God
so so this down
why isn't this something this should be
something this red dangling curtain in
the middle of the room that should be
something numb toes when I when I had
this last year I almost think a year ago
Zig last July it's like right around the
same time I wanted that fucking Star
Trek thing and when they had the recast
reunion III had a sciatica flare-up then
and then it was so bad my tongues were
all so dumb but also dumb but I mean you
can tell how much of a nerd I am there's
in Chicago there was a next-gen cast
reunion and I had to go I went anyway
despite the pain yes how many times does
that happen right right it's another
Joker torturing Jason sequence so now
that I know that this is part of the
game these the next obvious guess is
that the Arkham Knight is Jason Todd I
said the next obvious guess is that the
Arkham Knight is Jason Todd you know if
it's not tell ya how cool I I assumed
that because like they didn't really
mention him in the world that he was
just not a part of it yeah but now that
he is a part of it well I'm not gonna
say anything what do you think enough
you know they've they're making a real
big deal like you know they've made a
couple like passing remarks to Talia
yeah but there's they seem to make a
really big thing out of this Jason Todd
stuff Jason Todd Jason thought Tim is
the new one than that for a while so
they seem to may be making a really big
deal out of it but they claimed it was
gonna be a completely new character and
we know Jason Todd is the Red Hood right
so
okay just a brother if it were Jason
time I mean it would kind of be a
letdown
I mean yes it would be like doing the
most obvious thing you know if they did
that not only the most obvious but like
reusing ideas that they've already used
yes you know so yes that would be
incredibly disappointing oh yeah oh no
is that it
what is that it rich what is it Jason
Todd huh and I think I was giggling
something in the chat
I'm gonna rip out both your hearts that
doesn't make any sense
Oh both I guess there's two of us here
sure okay I thought he was just talking
to Batman Oh Batman I'm gonna rip out
both of your hearts maybe you don't know
anything about why I was doing such a
good job I just got hit for the first
time I've gotten so much better at
fighting in this game hopefully you all
are noticing I say that I'm just kidding
slow steady wins the race
resergy yes yes I am I am angry that
there are only four blend combat
challenges they got rid of the entire
challenge mode in this game I think it's
because they want to sell it as DLC
there's cynical horrible you like
challenge mode you got $40 Susan pass
Thank You challenge boat
do you have $40 well that's the
challenge hey extra for this thing that
used to come with the games good thing
it's a good thing it's a good thing that
we're charging extra for that doubt
ripping content out of the games for DLC
no no no there's just this thing and
that was in the other games that we're
not putting in this one but it's gonna
be DLC cuz it's it's it's extra now
bonus content okay
so anyway we're worried $40 yes a
horrible glory it is snack time if
anyone is in the greater Wisconsin area
and you have access to lakefront brewery
beer they're doing this my turn series
where they let different people at
lakefront brew their own beer and the
Tom Citra hop to IPA is quite wonderful
that's why I'm drinking right now and
it's beautiful beer very refreshing IPA
for the summertime okay great okay okay
that was fun that was a that was a nice
combat section little little boss button
prompt tea a little a little Brawley
it's fun that was fun the fun part is I
finally understand how to do the combat
and I don't you know I don't know what
I'm I'm a vet at this point I mean I've
been a big fan since Arkham Asylum first
came out sure I eagerly anticipated the
release of every single one so I mean
it's old hat to me but I know you didn't
play siloam for the first time until
like they call memory six months ago
right if even that am at the finish the
first game I'll start kind of playing it
right here's the thing when you review
games you don't you can't always play
what you want to play yeah it's like I I
really want to perfect Dead Rising 2 so
I could try to stream a no death run
yeah we're doing it this way okay I like
invisible ink I'm not in the mood for it
but I got to play it yeah
when do you want to try and do the
reviews that's a good question I would
like to finish it just to get the full
story experience I mean I'm like I said
I'm like 79 percent through I don't
think it'll take me that much longer
right
I'm not gonna worry about doing all of
the side quests sure Hartley's here are
some saying archive Asylum is the best
story night is the best game play and
city is the perfect middle ground ah
xylem is the best story city is the best
gameplay and then night it's quality
storytelling I'm not gonna say it's the
best story yet because I haven't
finished it
it's disqualified for that reason but
the gameplay no watered-down stealth
sections not as much combat because too
much of the game is taken up with weird
tape stuff I just really dislike the
tank stuff everything beyond the tank
stuff I really enjoy even story-wise the
story is carrying me through the game
yeah but like the the way they're
handling these side missions I just love
I love discovering the side missions on
my own without a little marker and I
know you're not doing a lot of man
that's some of the most fun for me is
just gliding around the city and you
know catching a building on fire
I shouldn't break cover hardly could
kill Robin
I'm not breaking cover she can't see me
over here
I shouldn't break cover her facial
animations are better in the main game
which hardly good kills really kind of
weird all sudden done why it's so awful
in her own DLC right you would have
think they could have used the same
programming here I guess how because one
of these things were slapped together
weird Robert has a stick and that seems
to be preferable if you're fighting a
gun a gun battle axe oh my god how am I
so low on health already I must have
really fucked up somewhere stick
somebody else can grab maybe they can
still use you stronger maybe you can
steal your stick away we're either if
you upset that poison ivy and scarecrow
were pretty much two completely
different characters from their previous
incarnation so far Poison Ivy's been the
same Albert yeah Ivy's horribly
different yeah it's a little bit weird
that scarecrows different yes we're
trying to make him the big horrible evil
bad guy and you know what he can be like
you know he's had his own stories that
have been great before but it's not this
well they they need epic right this is
the problem this is the exact problem
with the game is they don't need epic
for the game but they went epic they
need epic to sell I think they want epic
cuz I think that they want this to be
the last one I think they want the big
last hurrah
I don't know that could be oh sorry I
wasn't paying attention to what I have
to do now I'll probably go find Harley
they made they made scarecrow scary Bane
exactly that's exactly what they did get
her locked up in a Cell Oh what what's
another game that had a story that kept
you playing through Mac gameplay the
first Mass Effect no actually I did like
the exploration stuff on planets I liked
that you could fly to any planet but the
the actual combat and Mass Effect one
sucks ass it just completely blows
chunks but the story and the characters
are so fucking good oh that's good okay
now the old guys gonna be Joker that's
my guess this is my official guess oh
yeah I was looking at Harley's ass a
little bit you know you notice so Batman
keeps making Robin carry all the heavy
people well yeah he's the intern you
make the intern do the grunt work yep
there is
yeah okay everyone everyone saw that
coming go to hell
nice move now hardly she'd be able to
take care of herself at this point but
that's fine you know Harley doesn't want
to know if your wife was dead and she
could only come back as an old woman
wouldn't you water anyway yeah I suppose
you're right you have no idea what the
fuck is happening Oh optimizer you know
there's a lot going on we're halfway
through the story there's literally a
flourish turning people into the joke oh
yeah and this old man is the Joker but
the real Joker that you see is in
Batman's head and that is confusing if
he's just coming in
now that's unexpected
oh oh that's fun he killed himself rich
do you know why yeah cuz he sees he sees
it oh my god Robin just figured it out
Robin Robin you're the worst detective
ever to be too dangerous I won't be able
to stop you which is funny because
amongst all the Robins I think Tim's
supposed to be the smart one
right let me go in my cell now and Robin
will take care of this is that what's
gonna happen that would be great let's
do a little minigame where Robin needs
to agree with you Robin
I agree with you I want to get in the
cell Robin's here I hit the enter cell
button
all right it's happening
Oh Bruce's face I'm sorry Bruce but it's
the only way I know Tim I'll stop
scarecrow I'll take care of it Alfred I
said I'll handle it
you'll be fine of course I will you
trouble me so now I'm just looking
around myself I can only assume there's
gonna be a joker pop-up at some point
I like how they do that like they make
you kind of look around and then like
Joker oh yeah there it is okay it's a
Jason Todd it's a Jason okay so the
arkham knight is totally Jason Todd all
right can I yell at him or do I need to
like a look away again and then like
look there oh yeah there okay exciting
looking around gameplay exactly
addictive birth anyway no but it's fun
you know I know storytelling at Rajah
steady yeah and but but like the way
that they incorporate that with the
gameplay yeah it's it's it's exactly
what it should be you know like it's not
a cutscene I as a character have to look
around and I as a character it gets
revealed to me not through a cutscene
it's it's something really that I would
not expect in a triple-a title exactly
press X to look around that's exactly
what they would have done in another
game yeah
have you got something to tell the nice
man
Jason oh it's Jason Todd is choker
reprogram Jason Todd - hey bad bets it's
not yours anymore rich no to do with as
I wish that's the lamest it's not the
lamest lame is the company announcing
that basically they said it's not James
gonna be any character so they're trying
to surprise you by lying well and you've
been here before so you just had Joker
shoot him right you've seen this before
okay so Joker just shot him supposedly
dead and so that's supposed to throw us
off the trail maybe so there's a pasta
there's still a possibility that it's
not him also Joker's holding the camera
oh he's looking at the footage that's
supposed to throw us off the trail but
okay so yeah it's definitely gonna be
Jason Todd no here's my question but it
can't be because he's Red Hood and Red
Hood exists in this universe they think
the Red Hood exists so they could have
another DLC with a known character
mm-hmm
I don't know I don't think they gave a
fuck about continuities let's do a Red
Hood thing that's an exclusive bonus
content for target whoever the fuck had
it get them pre-orders yeah yeah yeah
here's my question with this why why
would Joker virus Batman have Joker's
actual memories unless the virus the
weird mutant virus that exclusively
happened in the Joker also has the
Joker's memories
is that a thing I mean you know we're
dealing with some comic book science
here right and so if it can like
reprogram people's skin it might be able
to repair it alright that's that you
know if you're making the leap to that
it can turn people into white faced
Joker people you can you can make a
little further leap it's it's it's too
much it's too much I mean it worked fine
without or perhaps Batman just worrying
about becoming like the Joker is enough
without having them actually become the
Joker memories at all perhaps a way we
can look at this is it it's not Joker's
memories but it's the worst thing that
Batman can imagine and you know the
Batman knows joker pretty well okay and
so it's not the Joker memories it's the
Joker kind of like letting Batman's
imagination run away with it you know
what I'm fine with that okay that's
that's gonna be my I want to go in the
cell choice I don't think that the game
wants me to go in the cell well
evidently game sold so I know I know but
Robin keeps telling me you know to go
back in the cell and I'm listening to
Robin by the way that's the right thing
yes but then now the Joker is gonna come
back again to be like nope you gotta
come out of the cell Batman has to be an
asshole in this game yeah so a where's
the Joker gonna come from I turn around
I'm over here now and I'm back this game
has me almost hoping Batman dies because
he's such an asshole alright I'll come
out I'll do what you want game fine
I'll do what you want
I'm not like I I know you're trying to
do what you think you should do and not
what the game watch well and I see like
you know most likely a BOTS as Jack is
being impressively oblivious I'm not
being impressively oblivious I'm trying
to do I'm trying to make a choice in the
gimping you're being deliberately
deliberately oblivious that's the real
thing well you know I'm trying to make a
choice and obviously the game wants me
to do something not a role-playing game
exactly and but but so it's like from a
story perspective oh how do I get out of
here here's a bad suit area can I go to
the bad suit area
I'm not I'm not going in cuz every time
I go in you just tell me to get out
again
can I go to the computer and no right
choice in a video oh there's Harley am I
supposed to let Harley out no choice
choice in a game is about a little bit
more than just deciding what you do in
the story now owning it is no it is but
I you know if if I'm supposed to get out
you would think that there would be
another way to handle it story like and
it's like right now I honestly have no
idea what I was supposed to do cuz
Robins telling me to get back in and I
can't leave you know so it's like do I
just go back in does it want me to is
this is it the is this a story trying to
convey wait I'm watching it at the light
your soul you're still doing the prison
something yeah alright there's uh
there's a counter fire crew when Robin
tries to put you in the phone oh I
didn't notice that you know yeah you
know why cuz like my camera was like up
here now look if my camera if Mike's
place I'm just saying like look right
here that my camera was right here and I
couldn't I could only see the tips of
the counter thing so I didn't even know
this okay I press the counter button
this time wait but didn't he already
leave trust me they're doing a thing
they're doing a thing apparently what
happened originally it was all in his
head you know that was all of us all
hallucination by the way I do get a
feeling I get the feeling that this
entire thing is going to be a dream do
you ever get that feeling where where
it's like the entire mission is gonna be
a dream you know just due to the nature
of the story I'm not sure what is going
to be a dream or not
sure reality is unreliable in this case
it is because the Scarecrow is involved
but I don't think they're gonna do the
cop-out and say that it was all a dream
is all the the Scarecrow's angel does
you know I don't think they'll go that
that's what it reeks at me it reeks
event one of the hallmarks of the series
is they they love their mind fucks yeah
yeah they're gonna Super Mario to this
they're not gonna I keep I keep feeling
like they're going what has you had
Batman absolutely like I'm not I'm not
entirely convinced that Barbara Brody
was dead Ryan that's what I'm saying
stuff like that it's it's just too
depressing
she's a likable character and I don't
think they're going to I don't think I
don't even think DC is gonna let Barbara
Gordon reshoot herself in the head I'm
furious
I think she's gonna be fun and the
person in the wheelchair is gonna be
someone else that's my theory that's a
good that's a fine theory did you know
you can take out these drones yeah yeah
I just let's cover that let's land on
and do the explosive gel yeah I love
that you can do that
I do it all the time I hate that they
regenerated I where am I supposed to go
now
I wasn't paying attention weird Jack
wasn't paying attention
hold on what can I do here oh I can't
probably DC has got enough shit with
women in refrigerators I think I think
somebody would have vetoed bags like
read the script like she was originally
supposed to die and some does it no
nobody we just had a whole big Barbara
Gordon snafu let's not do it again there
the Harlequin snafu
what's the Harlequin snafu they had our
art contest with with Harley and you had
to draw her like committing suicide by
dropping a toaster in the bathtub with
herself
what yeah because that was dry a a page
from the upcoming Harley Quinn comic I
think I think it was something like that
and in the script she she does that ODC
you got some issues they took some shit
for that well duh yep so maybe I'm wrong
cuz obviously they don't give a shit
because they've made terrible decisions
in the past because DC just doesn't give
a fuck that's great alright remember the
Adam West's Batman episode went bathroom
girl shoots herself that's too dark for
me that was I was not expecting that I
was really taken aback when she shot
herself
I'm skeptical about it because he got
dosed with fear gas right before it
happened right
may require your attention firstly I'm
detecting unusual seismic activity on me
a gurney island okay we got some more
side missions here tank mode tank mode
got a tank it up oh you know what I
don't care about Joker puzzles that's
what I'm gonna say all right let's see
what our new missions are what do we get
here oh we can do another I want to do
another penguin mission I love the
penguin missions you know why cuz you
get to beat up dudes that's all I care
about
it's all I care about is brawling like
I'm waited I'm waiting for Alfred
talking to you to end up not being
Alfred everything you see is is
debatable in this game yeah reality is
in question yes and I want and I like
that all right we gotta track them in so
you hit the van with the tracker then we
come and knock on the door then we have
to follow it and you just get to glide
around the city that's the greatest
oh no he's getting too far away he's
getting too far away I got a visual
I got a visual rats don't worry all
right and I finally figured out that
whole like dive and glide to recover
speed and stacks are you doing one of
languages yeah
oh no oh I ran into a watchtower get out
of here get out here
one watchdog just just uh that the
trumpet they'll decide children well I
thought I got all the watchtowers so I
was very surprised
Thanks fucking tanks okay finally the
penguin mission okay how do I get in get
in this building
fucking tanks yep
take tank tank tank tank tank tank tank
huh well then it's just like I don't you
know do I need the tank here to get rid
of the other tank so I can go to on the
mission that I really care about okay is
everything coming there's a tank coming
you know what there's a tank coming wait
for the tank to pass you know what what
why did they use drums so Batman
wouldn't have to kill anyone when he
blew up the tanks
yeah but they know Batman and they know
Batman won't kill anyone so if they put
people in the tanks Batman would be
helpless against the tanks did they used
ropes oh you know what rich you got the
tanks this game ended in the first 10
minutes yep shoot the tanks I can't
people and thanks I can blow up these
cars that's part of my Batman code I
can't do it yeah I guess I guess Gotham
is gonna die you'd probably like Arkham
City I recommend you to play Arkham City
after this yeah it's a lot of the same
without the battle that would be great
yeah cuz here I just you know I'm here
and I
Alfred and Alfred was like you know what
you should take the car to this location
I think I gotta fight people my stupid
tank thing oh there's a bomb thing here
I'll come back that okay where am i God
what am i doing hate all of you
do man that was fun I just shot him on
with my tank I guess I could have popped
out and fought em all but you know you
got the tank there well Batman is famous
for being a master take Batman
pens their edition whatever and it's you
know it's an ugly Batmobile it just is
it's enough you know not only is it an
ugly Batmobile I just don't like I don't
like the the tank combat it is out of
place
it is and it's too it's too easy it's
not it's not satisfying like fighting is
you know hitting all the right cues in
the fight makes you feel powerful
oh god what do I have to do now just
mentally deranged and he thinks that all
the people he's been kidding with ask
are all game long he thinks they're just
taking a nap
yep okay how can I know yeah yeah
they're all all those people are fine
they're just happening I want to say
there's a sketch there is a there's a
sketch where Batman murders people and
shoot somebody in that he'll be out for
an hour yeah exactly no no there is it's
it's a really funny sketch no he's
napping
someone someone tells me she was napping
it's really good someone someone find
that sketch I want to say it might be a
college humor thing it's really good did
it oh I did I miss something okay I miss
something okay
I know what's going on here I've seen
okay good yeah someone link to that to
that sketch it's really funny that's a
really funny Batman sketch no no they my
Alfred told me that everyone was
sleeping okay I found it what's saying
CollegeHumor yeah college humor every
once in a while that college humor does
something funny we thank you mystery
guy's mouth Pete Holmes Batman yeah I'd
like to give her CV Batman tries to find
his voice sketch with Pete oh yeah same
same people okay so it's funny
what is that Malkovich are you doing
Malkovich anything would have been
better literally I think that was
literally the worst voice he could have
had yep
he could have sounded like Harley Quinn
in this game