Episode 326
Splatoon!!! (Part 2)
August 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dBzoOBHPNA
___________________________________________

and what's happening here shy shy I'm
joining up with you you're the first
person on the way all right okay rich
take over that Chet never tried to join
a battle apparently because uh what
about Wilkinson I join your battle all
the music reminds me of like music I
listen to when I got high
it's all very like low low class reggae
you know yeah I bet some I've got some
people get high other place books here I
believe that I joined friends that'll
never work so I'm not doing it that's
just a thing and now we can't
communicate
but the boys ship the block now oh here
we go here we go we're here Luigi Raven
cone our amber Japanese letters a star
man Jack and Japanese letters ready for
the battle turf war the most turf to win
these games at roller derby skate park
we have code our amber or I can read the
rest
Japanese many men and give me the rest
of less long enough and they're starting
off painting their home territory which
seems to be the go-to strategy happens
all the time
jack is making away along the left side
painting his ground no enemies in sight
yet can't wait for the real action to
break out and he's he's stealthily
making his way towards the blue areas
some are that I can't I can't keep that
shit up I can't do it plus it's
derivative and I'm better than that god
damn it oh jesus fucking christ what
even got you I have no idea you can blow
up things too close to that woman pretty
much all right all right we're going
fartole we're going for it go
nice got him that fucker was just waving
around his paint rollers paint like
nowhere near you right just like fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Oh blue ink
no oh I ran out of ink I ran out of ink
Luigi you fuck you got me I'm getting
better at grenades grades I think
helping in territory control here shit
don't you dick it
get the fuck out of our home base bluey
I've really have to watch my ink ink
reserve yeah there's gonna fuck me money
too Oh oh my god what was that a
landmine of being ink mine on it what
I'm yes yes rich thank you thank you
rich thank you rich no no rich is here
rich is here to help fuck man that's so
raven Oh didn't stand a chance
mail Amick dies a lot just died again
hiding hiding
ah he's got a helmet that Luigi's got a
fucking helmet I don't think I don't
think it makes any difference probably
not it just keeps them fresh funky fresh
it's all about being fresh in this game
rich fuck come on look at all those
fucking blue in our territory
start covering that ground now throw a
grenade Oh grenade didn't go off I don't
think we got it oh it's gonna be close
this is gonna be close
I don't think we got it though no you
don't that's close
42 I'll take 40 - I'll take 42 that was
a valiant effort you did well jack
I felt like I did what our last place I
felt like I was contributing to my team
god damn it that's all you can ask for
is is that you contributed something to
your team battle again fuck yeah let's
do it I'm gonna splatoon the shit out of
you guys who do we got here Luigi Raven
amberjack Brian mr. shy guy Japanese
letters and Verne Vin Diesel yep avid
gamer Vin Diesel which is very true by
the way Richie forgive me mauled to
death by an animal an what animal would
it be that's a good question
that's a really good question probably
like a rabbit cuz you know people would
just keep talking about that forever do
you about that guy who got mauled to
death by a rabbit what the fuck I'd be
immortal that's true
fuck you has a lot of grenades
what do you arrange do you get I'd have
no idea I know it depletes your ink
resources resources here we go here we
go here we go here we go here we go now
there's some fucker in there what why
are they covered with sunshine good
question I think those were shields I
think they had some sort of shields oh
my god we are getting our asses handed
to us handily they're all up in our home
business here guys
it's surrender an option
no no retreat no surrender
if I had the bank Zuka fuck Brian you
fuck this is exactly why they can never
have a mic on the game just because
everyone will be calling each other
fucks Tendo wouldn't want that this is
that the reasoning then yeah I believe
so yeah
makes it seem work impossible though it
makes teamwork impossible you can you
can't strategize beyond I still want to
know why they're covered in sunlight
that's a shield I've already how do you
get a shield that's like a bonus thing
that you can have for what for how I
don't know yeah yeah get out of here
fuck like my bonus is the inkzooka yeah
and their bonus is the sunshine how do
you die where do you choose a bonus in
your in you choose the thing Shogun Oh
booming Zuka Beach I didn't know about
that I would've been using it that was
the thing that you pressed down Arden oh
my god I never did that once oh well
there you go get get get damn it she's
on point
Japanese letters at some point Japanese
letters at some point they usually are
shit shit we lost I don't know if I've
won a single game like ever I mean in
the stream tonight I think I've lost
every game in this dream tonight
oh you won one that was uh that's a hard
loss right there 38 percent 38 fucking
percent I'm ashamed
Jack hey look I got second place on my
team though that's pretty good yeah
you're a crazy man what do you mean
you're a crazy man yeah I'm gonna do one
more I'm gonna do one more we do one
more maybe then maybe then I'll do a
couple more I think I'm gonna do one
more that I'm gonna change up my weapon
okay try something else
okay you know this is the standard gun
oh I think I have money to buy more guns
my player some more guns go back and see
if I can be fresher that's important
being fresh ooh or this nice blue collar
now and they're ugly green him
don't touch you the wall chair
yeah I'd love to see some of the other
maps yeah yes that would be nice oh fuck
it sneak oh fuck they snuck up on the
snake yeah they snuck up on the snake
rich yeah I can see that yeah I get it I
get it
alright here we go here we go hope I'm
on you I'm on you what the fuck is that
oh that's right oh fuck get out get out
get out everyone's got so many fucking
bombs try uses him your own how many can
you use I have no idea well try thrown a
bunch see doesn't use like all your tank
yeah
please refill and you can use another
one yeah
cover
you're deep in enemy territory Jack yep
oh nice
okay okay the screens are working for
you where'd you go where'd you go
where'd you go they go ah what the fuck
was that those awesome
Oh we're gonna lose again well surprise
surprise everyone yeah we need to switch
up our weapon we need to switch up our
weapon
try using your special more uh head you
have to wait till loads up and was
loaded there wasn't eight different
times I wasn't I'm sure it was listen
wow you you beat her ass with a shield
you your weapon is charged up no it's
not yeah I noticed that I noticed it was
both charge you're not charged fuck
got got a revenge uh and she won the
match yeah yeah look at that funny kid
look at that funny cats cats funny it
makes losing a little more tolerable
because he's a forty yet I'm gonna try
new weapon I'm gonna go see I'm gonna go
to the shop and see if I can get fresher
kadia daddy no nope battle again nope
gonna get fresh rich you don't seem to
be that excited about my freshness no I
don't care at all about freshness okay
look at that though
where's the gun store excuse me you know
what a gun show is these ladies who I'm
flexing my arms
could stop it stop it stop it
fucking stop talking to me I hate it
when you talk to me thank you
who the sub squid beacon sub seeker Inc
oh that looks like a fun 100c look at
that bum rush is there special splash o
matic kind of want that not a lot of
damage but a lot of firepower you know
what I'm gonna try it out you can test
it all right
test that out that looks like a fun
weapon oh you can test it before you buy
it that's nice yeah it's the same thing
huh it's the same thing if fires more
quickly I guess didn't seem like it
covers in this area maybe I think it
covers more area or use the bombs
oh yeah see ya that's how they were
doing it what they're super special
Seabees get multiple yeah that seems to
be very helpful
yeah it doesn't take down on enemies
that fast I like taking down enemies
let's try a different weapon what's this
what's this fucker about flamethrower Oh
inaccurate but really fast
yeah oh yeah that really covers ground
but you gotta get right up in somebody's
grill oh yeah that's my special inkzooka
I don't give a fuck about the inkzooka
I'll give a fuck about the inkzooka
check out this roller squish squish
I know Mabel give the roller try that's
another one the green one the kelps flat
charger was it Duke was it doing it's a
sniper rifle so like you could just like
rapid fire or you could hold it down and
charge up shots okay it doesn't seem to
be doing much 160 damage yeah right does
do it over long distances is that like
probably yeah
how far can I reach okay yeah yeah those
trainees roller out what's that that
$800 one there I have that one I already
at home I got that one already well you
you go with would you want to go with
Jack like that bomb rush like that bomb
rush oh I also I own the zapper it's a
Wii zapper it doesn't do much it's just
funny just a funny one oh I own that
what's this one oh I already own a
sniper rifle and you didn't know it I
get a shield
I didn't know it yeah yeah don't care I
think I'm gonna buy uh you know I want
this gun the arrow spray with with the
bomb rush yeah
that's what I really want let's go back
let's exit
let's + let's exit see what kind of
weapons he's got now this is the only
game we played so far tonight yeah we
got ad super late start check had actual
work he was doing deadlines and whatnot
deadlines tons so many deadlines I'm
gonna buy this yeah but it great yeah
quit that great I just like how it looks
that's a cool looking gun yeah alright
great all right let's play some more how
long have you been playing for oh my
gourd yep
it's late this might we started like
this yeah this might be all we play
tonight what time do we actually start
Oh game wise yeah definitely does good
but the only game we played it down you
know what I want to get is that I have
you if I talk to you about affordable
space adventure and no you haven't
what does affordable space adventure the
it's a Wii U game that you have to play
like with the gamepad and on the screen
yeah and you have to talk to each other
because one person you fly a spaceship
and one person pilots the spaceship or
like takes care of the engines with the
gamepad yeah and the other person has to
like bomb stuff using the Wiimote and
stuff we do another night with that
we'll do that and and smash yeah it'll
be the first time I've played smash
since I rented the original and didn't
like it that much
I'm excited for you to play okay battle
time here we go I think we officially
started at like 9:30 mm-hmm that's what
I'm gonna say
so if we could make it 11:30 if we got
made till 11:30 I got I got a doctor's
appointment tomorrow so I want to be up
too late okay 11:30
splatoon boom
oh yeah this covers a lot of areas but I
guess it does yes yes this
oh I see you where are you where are ya
grenade oh shit
oh that wouldn't hurt me that what high
ground high ground oh they got the high
ground they know they know what's up all
these people who know how to play the
game fuck can you destroy those yes yes
you can
okay okay Jack your bombs charged
and I got I got two out
I don't know those bombs are actually
the greatest thing ever Jack I don't
know hi Kyle you know it could be I
might have to actually learn how to use
them and that terrifies me forget you oh
I got you
boom in your face and your stew well you
know what I took care there they had to
control the high ground I sacrificed
myself I think if I could get to the
high ground with my bomb rush that would
be pretty sick right yeah oh I knew you
were hiding back there oh well okay I
killed you
I saw you can can't can't can't I'm on
to you can't to get one up on you oh I
see I see someone's over here someone's
over here the trying to be sneaky nope
trying to be super sneaky I got you Luna
I got your back I got your back Luna
star
okay I'm covering covering ground this
is what I would say like if we could
talk to each other over ground but you
can certainly can't use a grenade oh yes
your magic ones are charged up I'm going
I'm trying to get up okay come on come
on get up
get out of there oh I had the bomb rush
and you didn't use it because I had my
plan rich you plan filled their night
everybody was up on the high ground my
plan you should have thrown the bombs up
on the high ground oh my god it's all
right
oh my god that would have made way too
much sense rich 31 percent that's my
work show not the worst of my team knows
I'll take that you over my team all
right
we're trying again we are gonna dominate
one of these rounds who apparently
leveled up with quantity over quality
but I guess again even losing in here
and something right oh we got our friend
Brian we got mr. shy guy and Mel's women
they are Mel's I don't know if you're
with us in Chad Mills but welcome and if
you're not welcome anyway hopefully
you're just while playing you gotta get
a warm feeling that someone someone in
Vaes is welcoming of you I have some
open spots here if I have friends who
want to Sean K Japanese letters Japanese
letters and Japanese waters I don't know
if those are Japanese letters they're
just squiggles to me I don't care I
guess our little letters are just
squiggles to the button technically they
might not even be letters and character
glyph there's something sure whatever
you leave that to the paintbrush yeah I
took the opposite direction okay okay
I'm using clues I saw the paintbrush
working one angle I'm working I wasn't
started working the other angle it'd be
great if we could have a game plan you
know beforehand button but hey oh my god
you're just deep into it what you're
just deep in the blue here that's fine
that's fine I got a fine shit I see you
I see you okay oh I had my bomb rise too
it's fine I'll get it back I'll get it
back you know we got all this uncovered
territory over here guys sloppy sloppy
work these are all points oh bomb rush
getting up high oh no that's oh my god
okay that covered some of that covered
some territory
wow that was that's next to useless
Nigeria Gatien didn't cover a decent
amount okay you're gonna get snipe ice I
see hope
nope fuck I like my bomb rush I like my
bomb rush no no this person out here go
you can only walk on your own color
well at least effectively well we're
doing it we're doing it we're doing it
we're doing it here we go nope nope
what are you doing you can jump to
people you can jump to people on the map
okay so I was trying I was attempting to
jump to people I'm going up going up
that's kind of dumb well
here we go here we go here we go as does
theirs grenades throw some bombs bombs
bombs
having pretty decent ground cover in
there with some bombs I felt good about
that
yeah felt good about that of course I
got a Inc tornado over here oh this is
it this is this could be it this could
be the big wind it's all up to the fat
cast so that's totally the big win it's
all to that damn fat cat big one and
your bombs made the difference Jack I
think it did I think my mom my bomb rush
worked bomb rush worked congratulations
everyone congratulations John Kay
congratulations oh my god on top score
the team congratulations to me for being
the top scorer of the team I think we
all work together we all work together
as a team I have it all reconfigured as
final I'll deal with your considering I
think they do if I would love it if
you'd go left right that way to just up
and down you can a little bit left and
right not like that Ridge though like if
you think about it like a Oh like like
this no no like pointed at the screen
yeah no no like screen to screen lift it
up like that
now now tilt it this way this way like
that oh yeah you got you guys should
have just seen what transpired between
for tonight it was a little ridiculous
yeah well we'll use the paint roller
next rich you can try the paint roller
no Jack not at all no see you can turn
around you can look around oh my god but
then you reset with the the Y in the
joystick well oh my god
I was yeah it did it looked exactly like
rich and I were dancing like I was
trying to show him like how to turn this
thing and it was great it's so awkward
yeah yeah there's a lot of really
top-level like someone is saying like
there's a total horseshit the top level
guys are totally boning you right they
are that's that's the problem with the
matchmaking right now is is us still
trying to figure out the game are being
matched with level 20 people because
there aren't enough people playing the
game I'll get him rich get him
you were there rich was there with the
with the sneak down attack I do love the
sound effects all of them
oh my god if rich could play this with a
mouse and keyboard it would all be over
oh god I hate this controls game yeah
it's tough to get used to maybe you
should play some of the single-player
stuff just to just to feel it out the
game name should be splatoon did I never
update the stream to say it's platoon
that that's quite possible they said if
we change the game name to spittoon
movie that's top splatoon streamers
right now that's probably true yeah
that's probably true shit happens I
thought I thought I did Jane that
apparently not sorry
Oh God
this this is too much to get used to
while lying down that's okay that's okay
oh yeah it's a weird like you have to
use the right stick and motion controls
you know like the right side here you go
fuck it the right stick is for big
motion and then the motion controls are
just for fine aiming you know how many
Oh bother I know I'm not gonna have any
Oh bother beers right now because I
still have to drive home and I'm a
responsible adult but when it's time to
drive home I'm grabbing all of the Oh
bother beers I don't like the way you
have to turn it huh Oh God five deaths
zero kills oh it's alright rich you're
still learning but I want to say there's
only three Oh bother beers left here and
I'm taking them all fuck everyone else
those are my beers tonight I had a very
long oh my god I actually I still have
work to do Oh pause what's right oh I
forgot to do something I left when I was
uploading my videos to to a server I
have to give them to the client and I
forgot to email them yeah but that's
fine I can do it I can do that from my
phone so rich you know what one more
battle for you alright one more battle
cuz I have to have to do business pause
for business
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
of this so hard I can't control where
I'm going or what I'm doing anything
okay good I'm good business is done I've
been working on some commercials and you
know therefore they're fun they're
funded but they they are they're tight
there's tight turnaround times for him I
think I shot these last week
and I thought I'd have a little more
time to work on them and it didn't so it
was all albs all day today some some
commercials for an e-cigarette company
actually no not an e-cigarette company
is something I just learned a vapor
liquid company an e-cigarette is
different than a vaping thing I don't
know anything about it but they'll be up
soon I'm sure I'll link to them on
Twitter I'm not very good at this but
that's okay
for who the Oh for who though the the
company is called Johnson Creek and they
make e cigarette vaping liquids
I don't know dick neutral if my brother
would ever want to stop by the stream
he's not he's not a big video game
player uh he likes video games
he just got a he just built himself a
custom video game cabinet with it with a
little PC inside that has every single
game ever so oh yeah look up Johnson
Creek there they might some of the
commercials might be up you might
recognize you might recognize mr. Tim
Higgins in him as he's my favorite actor
what a wonderful work for me
yeah the ads will run nationally the ads
will run nationally and I think they
start running in a couple of weeks so
you might see them you might see him in
a town near you
oh no oh sorry I'm just reading Jen not
a gamer built a game kami he's not at
you know what he's not a gamer he's a
great host
he loves hosting parties and and he
wanted he wanted a gaming machine in his
house for when people come over for
parties what type of gaming machine does
he have it's a it's a custom-built
arcade cabinet that basically has a tiny
PC inside with every single game ever
okay but I mean what maem maem arcade
games
what arcade game emulator oh sure yeah
well not just arcade game though like
console games yeah yeah everything but
anything that has the joy it has a
mistakes it has the buttons let's just
front end oh I don't know I don't know
the operator spin or something I have no
idea I don't law looks a little
cumbersome to use but we're sure is how
I'm gonna try
oh okay
one-on-one all right we're doing our
goodwill holding our own for now but
it's not gonna last for very long
especially not if these fucking
tornadoes keep happening time to lock
this shit down he's got the high ground
I see I see I'm always dumb
fuck fuck high ground fuck fuck move oh
I got I got caught I got caught in ink I
got caught in the ink Rick I just seems
horrible what
that just seems horrible getting caught
in the ink yes shit
it feels really bad when you and your
character gets caught nope fuck fuck so
sick those nightmares you have or you
can't run oh yeah oh I hate those I have
those all the time Oh slightly slightly
better than nightmares in which your
teeth crack and fall out
oh yeah that's pretty bad well I I'm
really just like those nope ah yep these
leet splatoon players are really
sticking it to me yeah well not the
problem of multiplayer gamers games not
gamers well not I'm not all you know I
think not not to not to talk ill of the
dead but or not to praise the Dead nope
but I think Team Fortress 2 had it right
yeah with the different classes because
the classes had a rock-paper-scissor
structure you know where where some
classes just worked better at defending
against other classes and so you know
you could just be the heavy and you'd
have a ton of health while you're
learning the game mow down everything
and feel like you contributed or you
could be an engineer and just kind of
worry about defense while you learned
the lay of the map hey we won
congratulations
haha oh well thank you they are up so
some of some of the videos the reason to
vape videos RF that's great that's what
we're working on some reason to vapes I
get to do my voice this is my voice
reason of a Oh God they wanted something
a little country so I do that voice I
need less smoking smoking he's making a
comeback isn't it well vaping is doing a
good job of stopping people from smoking
but but the the jury is out on whether
or not that's good for you
secondhand something rather from vaping
I assume I mean there's gotta be
something in it right you don't even
know you do the commercial I'm a video
person I know I don't know you know
their checks clear I can tell you that
they give you one yeah taking care of
the base taking care of the home base
here I assume these ramps count as I I
guess yes they do
okay I have nothing to base that on
great
use your magic weapon bomb the high
ground
fuck they use their magic weapon fuck
rich they use their magic weapons
problem magic weapons Jack everyone's
got one mine everyone's got a magic
weapon they're not magic anymore I get
it fucking hell man get all this green
out of my shit sounds like a personal
problem I know I saw a sneaky fuck oh
you're up on the high ground again ain't
the ramps in the paint brush can get him
though Brian Brian you fuck is that the
weapon that shot fast but wasn't very
effective against people what the weapon
you're using yeah yeah well it's
covering ground fuck oh oh my god they
must they must have like Skype
microphones they're communicating right
that almost seemed like they were
as a perfect storm rata ammo or just
charge huh god damn it they're
destroying us
ah that's a good charge not enough to
win that's a good church ah you know we
tried we tried and that's got to count
for something not a win but something
thank you the master I thought I did
pretty good as the cloud jacking the
cloud outfit yep
because uh that's how we do things in
front of behind the camera
have you seen the commercials it no I
had it again Oh cute you know they're
the cute not as good as your idea but no
no shit well my idea but hey Angus you
got the job so yeah sighs my conscience
is free now
there's this last match yeah we'll do
this one and then oh they wanted some
paint rollers so well how about three
more this one and then two paint rollers
all right all right
all right here we go here we go here we
go I got you I got you
suppressing fire suppressors five I'm
shocked I know you're cut off
it's cold as fuck I'm totally fucked I
was going for the strong push this time
what the fuck is that
that's a rocket
oh I see that fucking high ground is
open get up dick oh no oh oh oh you keep
tramp they know they know everyone wants
the high ground
nope nope okay
okay okay blorp on this grid I'm screwed
you're dead
not yet now I'm I'm just kidding
fuck custom splatter shot junior killed
you know what was the name well that
this moves the name of the gun okay okay
all right nope nope I'm hiding come
hiding I'm hiding sneaking up sneaking
someone behind you I know I know we're
gonna high ground we're gonna hide what
the fuck was that
so got a bomb I think mine her lures got
it got it down no I have not changed my
my thoughts on splits here and I think
there's a good game buried in here
there's a good game buried under the
weight of Nintendo not knowing how to
handle online multiplayer
I think that is that is the that is the
truth of the situation the game itself
can be really fun like this whole idea
of territory controlled via literal
territory control is a super neat idea
but I don't know it's just not uh
there's you think herbs gonna be their
top scorer did I think who herb herb its
the sniper oh yeah her bed the high
ground yep there's like you know in Team
Fortress 2 you know one out of every
like five games was was wonderful
you know you'd find that team that works
really good you'd find like you'd find a
really good match and so whenever out of
every five games was like super stellar
this so far maybe one out of every
thirty forty games is good and that's
not that's not good enough for me okay
paint rolling it out rich says al paint
rolling it here we go
yeah if you can get it for like 20 bucks
I say go for it button I mean really
just like ten if you can find it for 10
that might be worth it it's fun play for
a little bit and then it crushes itself
under its own weight
need Mouse need the next prereq review I
got pushed back because of work today
I'm hoping that I can push real hard get
it done tomorrow and have it up upload
tomorrow night so it's ready for Friday
that's what I'm hoping might not happen
so Friday Saturday maybe maybe not a
half in the bag or a best of the worst
but there may also be uh another video
coming soon what's a weird little
one-off oh that could be fun
okay I'm a paint roller now covering
territory covering territory covering
territory and ink go just worry about
the home team worry about the home team
worry about the home team you cover that
ground jack that's all I'm doing
peek boy get out of there what the fuck
are you doing what was he doing he's
just laying in though nope but I'll
rolled right into you yeah but he had a
paint roller - I guess you rolled unto
each other I guess
all right let's go paint roller battle
are used to something great she useless
on the greats but I rock over here in
the blue territory
yes where the fuck did you go you drop
down the ink
don't necessarily know what that did I
think you're doing great jack I feel
like I'm doing great
oh that was poorly timed or wonderfully
time-dependent definition Oh what is
that is that blue is that blue and our
ship in that shit you're an ass shit get
out of here blue in our shit Oh Q you
fucking ninja get out of here that was
great I don't know what mice I don't
understand what my super weapon does so
I'm sorry if I use it incorrectly I
think it blows people up in front of you
oh we're gonna watch out for
motherfucking Q again I was trail huh
I ran right into that one check well all
of my options anyway yeah but then he
would have just miffed me he would have
scooped me
they both had close range weapons
oh I'm totally gonna sneak up on him
boom I think I killed someone with that
I think so I know about as much as me
none of them and Oh sneaky cue ninja
doesn't matter it doesn't matter this
episode lot or this this episode this
game lockdown lockdown
oh definitely boom fucking lockdown you
ain't got nothing you ain't got nothing
oh and I contributed to my team I feel
good about third that felt like a third
put Oh F level up boom I'm gonna go get
fresh again okay one more one more
battle and then we're calling it quits
here we go Brian Q Malik Japanese
letters Nico's spaghetti and Alec
spaghetti Nico spaghetti and Alec and
more Japanese letters hi paint roller
City time let's go what's going on in
the chat I don't know they're chadon
they're doing cherries type stuff
jack has gained 2 levels tonight only
six more streams to be a 20 no
apparently it's the last one Jack you
better make it a victory I can make no
guarantees you know I'm doing my best
here it's it's a team effort it looks
like a couple of us have paint rollers
make upstream for the short stream
tonight come on okay come on man I got
to get better I mean I mean physically I
mean literally in real life I do
apologize for being late
we'll try to make the sunday stream a
little bit longer unless I feel like dog
shit feels like normally sighs stream
how do you flick paint off the roller
just like pressing the button fuck but
he's pretty eight you you flick the
trigger and that flicks the end you have
to hold it down to to paint with it yeah
yeah so holding it down just paints and
then pressing it too quickly flicks yeah
all right rich do the Darth Maul robot
thing what's the Darth Maul robot thing
I have no idea what you mean
that's our small robots I have no idea
that's no affair I think that person was
timed out the Darth Maul robot thing
nano did I just want you to say I
fucking love Star Wars is that it
do they not know the dirt I think they
don't know who Darth Maul is maybe
bisect and replaced legs and robot legs
yeah Darth Maul just died there were no
robot legs for Darth Maul Oh unless
there's some crappy EU thing which Darth
Maul is not a character interesting
enough to deserve resurrection it's just
not
yeah I'm gonna get you you think you did
it jack physical oh it's closed there's
an actual close one eked it out look at
percent one percent you are the one
percent apparently oh I very much
contributed to my team that time that's
great now as much as Japanese letters
though no but double bladed lightsaber
rich yeah that's the worst thing about
Darth Maul his retarded lightsaber fuck
that character that but rich said double
lightsaber was so sweet it's like he had
it's like he had two lightsabers you
know what they call that one the self by
sector the self the self by sector Thank
You Francisco yes that's exactly what it
would be called alright fisted buy dope
smoke which I might've said earlier but
whatever Dillon whoop demo weasel mister
glitch Jack u Skrillex zip-zip I'm sorry
what
Jack you Skrillex of zapped actor and
interrupted actor interrupted actor
interrupted okay and they're so stupid
actor interrupted and ahhs bike thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true yeah thanks for
coming out tonight sorry once again
about the late start of the stream but
uh thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thank you to everyone else
just came out watch us play this up
pretty adorable but fundamentally flawed
game yeah yeah I wanna see like if I can
look what you know you can do is you can
like do weird like jump jump
that's the funky skip the fungus get
born
okay thanks for coming out everyone
goodbye then right
