Episode 334
Metroid Fusion & a Half
August 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWwXt3W05x8
___________________________________________

try homeopathy that point you guys to
the James Randi documentary again right
right once once once on stage during
Mitaka the-- at the beginning of the
talk James Randi took a a overdose of
homeopathic sleeping pills he was of
course fine yes as one would expect I
just skipped the cutscene
here we go
I've been assigned to watch over
biologics research team so I once again
found myself on the surface of sr388
yeah that's right
Samus is gonna sound like space cab now
that's fine she could sound like it's
all fun just one light you know she's
blowing up gameplay was the game boy at
fast one right this is the gameboy
advance on yep it was there that I was
attacked by a life-form
I had never encountered before well us
lots of Harvest Moon hate in the street
really yep
it was only later that I learned the
identity of my attacker the parasitic
organism we now know as X unaware of my
condition I was returning to the station
when disaster struck once the ex had
infested my central nervous system I
lost consciousness and my ship drifted
into the asteroid belt anything he do
voice acting the ship's emergency
systems automatically ejected the escape
pod before impact biologics vessel
recovered it and transported me to the
Galactic Federation headquarters however
during the journey the X multiplied
within me corrupting large areas of my
power suit and then came to life that
the organic components of my power suit
had become so integrated with my system
that it could not be removed while I was
unconscious large portions of my suit
had to be surgically removed
dramatically altering my physical
appearance and my voice however the X in
my central nervous system were too
embedded to be removed safely I was
given a minimum chance of survival this
is a lot of backstory for a metroid game
yep
then someone found a cure
paper-boat nope
what is it
I don't think this could approves of all
the story biscuit it's not like all this
but they proposed using a metric it
seems that the Federation advantage
should preserve a cell culture from the
last infant metroid of sr388 yeah I
think he's I think he's confused by my
voice and Oh what you're doing the voice
could you say come with me if you want
to live come with me if you want to live
that's that doesn't sound good
that sound like terminator somebody said
you sounded like Michael Biehn and I
just wipe it it's just that
Oh like Michael Biehn you know what I
was thinking of Terminator 2 oh no when
Arnold says it come with me if you want
to live
yeah it's a little Michael beanie let's
see here this serum was prepared and
injected without delay
I think biscuit is more so it just like
is confused as to why I'm just sitting
talking to myself I'll say they were the
x-parasites were destroyed yes
the old bean factory that's right
as for me one life ended yet I survived
reborn as something different
we need a biscuit emoticon hi how are
you dealing with all the story jack you
know I get it I also like more so it's
just like yeah you know tell me what the
point is
and then like you you could have doled
out this story a little bit a little bit
more maybe with some game delay in
between him but it's fine it's fine
you go to a place I'm gonna do a thing
the ship's computer has notified me of
our approach to the biologic space labs
or BSL research station during my
surgery the research said the research
team sent the last batch of creatures we
captured there as well as the infected
pieces of my power suit after regaining
consciousness I learned that an
unexplained explosion rocked the station
for some reason this whole Kinane 'less
fear in my heart and now I am being sent
there to investigate I'm just gonna get
more rugged and manly that's fine my
mission on the BSL station will be
overseen by my new ship's computer
following the commands of his blond
computer ico is something I have to bear
as it was a condition of my day
[Music]
are you okay Jack no if you lost your
mind mine is almost lost rich how have
you of all people not skip the ship yeah
I was doing a voice I know people like
the voices it wasn't necessarily a funny
voice I was hoping that something in the
text would would be funny yes yeah
I'm doing a voice I know I know I get it
just going on for so long it went on for
way too long here's the real thing that
the first metric Metroid game needed a
map I love having a pepper yeah even if
it's a map that you only have like after
you discover an area I love having a map
I fucking love having a map
okay here we go
and you know this is a nice unlike some
of the other games this has a nice
explanation for why you're finding all
the pieces to your suit while you're
finding all the power of armor because
they were all infected and brought to
the station so you know nice explanation
the shoulder buttons this is Game Boy
Advance right shoulder button should do
something maybe maybe not yet baby you
get a thing later oh sure all right
sorry just learning the controls here we
go all right
maps are for pussys jacket yeah you know
neptr I think helpful should have called
this Metroid blue-jean illusion did you
was that really trying rich oh my god
you know that was something you get you
got to make it different and I think
eventually you'll pick up the rest of
your suit and it'll look more like
classic samus button shut says soul
shoulder buttons make you aim diagonally
they sure do there you go
there you go oh but only the left
shoulder button does that the quarantine
Bay is ahead rich let's do this let's do
this
oh I get a little spotlight thing samus
isn't down now bitch
Sam this is gonna fuck up you today I
don't have my motifs like what is going
on
Sam this is now doom guy shouting we're
on our c-plus game tonight
sure you think yeah whatever
I was still not feeling great all right
it's just I'm sorry it's the thing
that is just you that is just thing
tonight I'm I'm sorry that you feel like
we're on our c-plus game tonight not a
lot of new stuff to talk about since
since Wednesday I was really hoping to
see ant-man
this weekend yep I just don't give a
rat's ass I know you don't but I kind of
do
only because I would you would you would
you care if it weren't part of the
Marvel Cinematic Universe you mean like
if it was a fantastic four kind of thing
oh yeah like still it's still the
ant-man we all know or that no one knows
he's still the AMIA that no one knows
yes but it wasn't part of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe
yes no I wouldn't care as much okay big
money doing well but here's the thing
they have proven to me that that they
know how to make quality movies and in
general I like superhero movies and so
well the same producers behind everyone
okay James Fiji Fiji is behind every
movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
this is unfortunate news the specimens
brought back by the field team were
infected by expertise you were almost
killed by an ex infected only by my
trying to do great
[Music]
so that's the thing is like and I've
heard decent things about a men I like
Paul Rudd there's a lot of reasons for
me to see the movie
[Music]
isn't gonna be able to save that toy
train set right maybe large is fine you
know I'm okay if there's finally a
superhero moving with lower stakes he's
the heart of teamriche he's the hat the
head of the team don't you get it as a
metaphor
out of the team yeah no I'd like that's
the thing is I'm looking forward to -
kind of - you know a smaller scale a
smaller scale superhero movie it's nice
I like superhero movies I have not yet
been fatigued by superhero movies
superheroes saturation and you know
that's fine I can see that there are
people who just are not fans of the
superhero genre anymore I could see them
100% being fatigued every dizzy
superhero movie every fucking week
downloadable weapon data great ended the
data room to download missile beta lucky
out download some missile fuckin data
I was fatigued after Avengers 2 however
I not I cuz I like fucking superheroes I
like the idea of people being able to
punch other people really hard I think
that's awesome that's you know and then
the hope is we we get a decent story
behind that I'm a little more reality
down it's a usually superhero movie has
a fun sci-fi element to it and I enjoy
sci-fi shit
[Music]
so you know I haven't gotten there yet
I'm not saying that I won't get there
cuz obviously they're gonna make a
zillion more superhero movies zillion
and three what do you thinks gonna be
the net what was it what was the thing
before superhero movies zombies there's
what kind of is well not really it's
been wonder well Daisy was last yeah the
TV yeah these were all over movies for a
while and I'm trying to think of like
what the what was the big bullet what
was the blockbuster staple before
superheroes dominated everything zombies
were there but you know I don't know if
that was like necessarily blockbuster
[Music]
vampires yeah and okay maybe it wasn't
just monsters trying to think I'm not
sure I'm not sure what the answer is
Nicolas Cage movies right yeah a Lien's
like like Independence Day so just
monsters like maybe monsters do you know
like there there was like the
Independence Day the destruction move
porn movies
I don't know if there was a thing as
strong as superheroes or a thing now
superheroes are huge they're everywhere
all because of that iron man right right
no not because spider-man movies were
big but I think I think this thing blew
up with iron man well you know not
really with that with feet with Fiji
this is the thing Fiji Oh with this
Marvel the the Marvel's producer head
well if Iron Man didn't work he wouldn't
still be making super no he is like Iron
Man remember Iron Man was not part of
the original plan Iron Man was not
supposed to be as big as it was I don't
care what the plan of work for them
that's the question
because I don't know the original plan
was was the Hulk was gonna be the The
Incredible Hulk was their first Marvel
Cinematic Universe yeah suck yeah then
iron that happened an Iron Man was a
huge gamble
sure but that's besides the point though
well this is what what I'm saying is
like if Ironman didn't work do you have
a Marvel Cinematic Universe that's as
hot as it is now that's a good question
the answer is maybe Ventures is what put
it over the top Avengers which may as
well have starred Iron Man yeah Iron Man
was pretty integral mediocre Captain
America would be a mediocre Thor movie
[Music]
seems like it might be a different beast
than the first over the fact that oh I'm
just surprised because I know you like
the rocketeers much better movie you
know I feel like sorry I will not deal
with characters right design gun
Jennifer Connelly active woman in the
world
the young Jennifer Connelly sure ain't
hurt in my personal opinion young
Jennifer Connelly might be the most
attractive woman who's ever lived by
quite a few for me yeah I think it's
true no I think that's I think that's
that's a good to know
okay
hi how about hi back
ooh bikini have you seen the movie that
was Bruce Willis's passion project one
where he was a thief are you talking
about oh damn what was I called Hudson
Hawk scene Hudson Hawk I remember like
nothing that happened I remember but
soon
sure Leonard part six and that's I never
heard six from don't possibly SAS like
as far as references go that's pretty oh
sure it's a terrible movie but even like
in the realm of terrible movies like
that's an old reference so Hudson Hong
and they're both I think deliberately
silly that's where it comes from
okay I'm with you now those things that
keep latching onto you aren't those are
things that nearly killed you in the
opening cutscene now she just eats them
like pie because because I of my fancy
blue suit I can absorb those like hi
which is great but apparently they keep
coming back why are you standing on top
of the things that that keep
resurrecting hitting because I want to
be here for the eye I want to hit the
eye
well the I killed me last night away
from the thing that's gonna jump back up
swear to God check it's like herding
cats it's like herding cats it's like
herding cats usually I don't know that's
true I'm sure briskets looking at you
thinking what is he doing it's like I
don't have thumbs
I can handle this don't don't stand
there jack I did it took a while but I
did it so it took a little bit but I did
say what say what
Oh what do you have what oh I died
apparently oh you have to fight prayed
again and this one too oh I'm sure
people love that boss he's like a
monster why do people treat him like
he's a character right there Ridley
I'm just saying I don't get it it wasn't
like he was a memorable possibly
original yeah I beat you that thing much
easier this time I found it everything's
fine everything's fine that did it
yeah I don't get the Ridley Love in
general
not doing the solution just just has a
general and stuff
stink stink pink girl says men I am
supporting this game I am off to have my
Lightman so bored of Metroid or just my
way
you know you see similar places being
poorly sure what do you want John but
I've been stuck up my back the last so I
have been getting out much I don't know
what's you know it's noon
all I know is I really want to be able
to sit down again that's all I know
I was sitting I've heard really great
things about food yeah sounds fantastic
I wish I could do it
[Music]
I'm sorry rich I mean we can talk about
yeah it's just there's just not much did
you see that they they apparently leaked
the entire plot Batman vs Superman no I
don't know if it's been verified yet but
someone has leaked these suppose it plot
me to buy beautiful Batman vs Superman I
have yet to read it so doe doesn't care
about the movie I might be interesting
to read might be interesting right I
want to know how close I was I guess but
I also might see the movie
I might want to see the movie so then
it's like a do I want that spoil
I haven't understood sitting the movie
so I don't know that I really care about
spoilers everyone talked about the
definitely not everything Death of
Superman looks oh where can I find that
is it on Netflix
it is not on Netflix but um you know
it's it is available streaming like
through Amazon you could probably rent
it no I'm really I'm really
rich reminds me of Neil how how what I
know I have a spoon that's right in my
drawer
which the breeding environments what is
this this Death of Superman thing it's
the death of Superman lives if you don't
you don't know about it back at the the
early 90s after the success of the the
Tim Burton Batman Tim Burton was going
to direct a movie it was gonna be based
on the death of Superman was it up no he
was gonna direct a Superman sequel
called Superman lives but I mean the
movie was gonna be like it was not gonna
be about no no no my rock well about
your honor about it okay but anyway Tim
Burke was going to direct a Superman
movie and Superman was going to be
played by Nicolas Cage with his receding
hairline and long hair and about the
movie that almost but didn't get made
this is a real thing Tim Burton was
going to direct a Superman movie
starring Nicolas Cage and that by itself
is just insane it was Kevin Smith was
the one that we're going to go with in
the end but it was a script it was his
draft that convinced Tim Burton to say
yes to directing it and you know Kevin
Smith has a very famous talk about his
working on the draft of Superman
and you could read Kevin Smith's
screenplay and I've seen some kind of
videos related to this Nic Cage was
originally gonna be wearing some kind of
crazy-ass electric Superman suit like
he's wearing the suit there's like these
John electric things flowing in the suit
that wasn't a digital effect it's just
the way the super adult yeah well you
know if you listen to Kevin Smith's talk
it's a really great story about his
working on the on the screenplay the the
producer had a couple requirements for
Kevin Smith who was working on the
script man one one of the requirements
was he didn't want Superman in the
Superman suit he didn't want him in the
blue tights in the red cape you think
that was lame this is a real thing the
other thing that the producer wanted was
a giant spider battle because he
remembered seeing King Kong as a kid and
he wanted that King Kong moment so he
wanted a battle a giant spider
but and that was it like so so yeah
eventually in in the screenplay Superman
loses his suit and gains is like
electric suit which is hilarious watch
Kevin Smith's talk I I'm excited to see
this documentary outside I want to see
it I don't know when I'll get around to
it but I wanna see it
oh that's alright no flying he also
didn't want no suits no flying and no
giant spider he didn't want him to fly
he didn't want Superman to fly
but you can probably find Kevin Smith
talk all about it
oh yeah I am its to see what's
documentary the Kevin Smith talk is
about available on YouTube and it's
hilarious
I really recommend high really recommend
you finding that there's there's old
thoughts on the Deadpool trailer I
haven't seen the Deadpool trailer I saw
the test footage I thought that was
great if it's anything like that
the movie will be fine they got
something approved with the Deadpool
movie Ryan Reynolds has got something to
prove with the Deadpool movie he really
wants that movie to mark first works
this is like a Salvation story full of
the Wolverine Origins he was and he was
really upset with houses and everyone
hated it too yeah and everyone hated it
but he was also really upset with I
liked how he was portrayed as an actor
how his character ended up he was really
pissed with his
that character
so so for him this is an important thing
perception redemption that's
should be fun should be fun it'll work
as a nice guy I don't know cuz that's
kind of what that fool is he's a nice
guy
let's that's what it is but it's
supposed to be get under him when he's
going up and vulnerable he's probably
vulnerable going up with us Spencer
Fleming that's my guess
next it asked me if I knew if it asked
me if my mission was clear my objective
was clear yeah but it's like oh like all
the trailer stuff is fine you know we
talked about the Batman Superman trailer
trailers can be very deceiving and
trailers are just there to sell us I'm
stuffing so
so in general I try not to care too much
except for one at ashford because that
just look that was once the trailer for
work I am I am now so looking forward to
October 31st I'm glad to find somewhere
to watch it because it's not fucking
stars I named up cable I think according
to the chant last time we asked this
question is it's available for commuting
and instantly instantly well you're
maybe the next day
yeah and so Jay has Hulu and so what
we'll do is we'll have Hamlet assign
them to this Hulu account at the studio
that's that's my plan to watch ash
versus I don't know if it'll work
necessarily
then trying to think of a head anything
else to discuss I talked about like the
Superman versus Wonder Woman Superman
Wonder Woman thing yeah
we talked about wanting to get back into
comics I talked about being okay with
being away from them because it's like
it's like it's a quicksand everything
she's changing I guess it's not quick
Sam what's it like everything it's
always different it's like this erased a
few bucks it's it's hard it's hard to
get up to speed it's it's hard for me to
get excited about Marvel you know
resetting their continuity with Secret
Wars and one of the things I always
liked about Marvel was they're kind of
doing the good point is it gives you a
what did you go on an enter point you
know it gives you a chance
it's a jumping-off point is where you go
jumping off was for me I didn't stick
around after that shit like it for me I
want I want a chance to get it back in
give me an excuse
and put dollars of issues for comic book
anyway total trade creative team that's
gonna last five issues stories and
pictures they got pictures and girls
with big tits are like it huh well it's
so hard to find pictures of girls with
big tits it is this age of Internet yep
can't find it anywhere else find it
anywhere
that's all I thought I was thinking
about while we're even here the Wonder
Woman comic Superman Wonder Woman camera
we're just like damn girl
I know I know you're like a feminist
movement over here bro the way they draw
I want to believe it I want to believe
in comic books for a big part of my life
I'm I'm fine to be away from it yeah
yeah I saw about the old stuff stuff I
like I suppose that's really true it's
like you can always go back
isn't there is there there's some
excitement individual discovery of the
new I'm bored of men in tights punching
each other
yeah a lot of people are I'm not
you know I don't know why I'm not yet
because it's been it's been a big part
of my life
like I haven't even felt an urge to go
back yep it's not there anymore
you've grown up right maybe they just
chased me away that's the more cynical
thought there was something like
creature going on I mean I bet there's
something like roots are going on
somewhere hey the monthly superhero
business I don't know some way I mean I
get it I'm not talking I'm not trying to
sell you a superhero it's possible I
could really good
TV shows pretty good Wow once we get
past the second season well it is a
comic book series right no I know you
second season yeah cuz I remember I said
why don't people like the second season
the second season there were there were
massive budget cuts weren't quite as
sure that the show was gonna stick
around okay and so the entire second
season made sense I find a nice
out-of-the-way spot away from another
urban area put up a large fence you have
for your own food it's the smartest
thing you could do that makes sense
that's not necessarily exciting not
necessarily good is that the second
seasons falters at the faults of the
comic books because I know I'm pretty
sure they go to a farm in the county are
they following the cut where they
following the comics too closely was
that the problem the farm wasn't the
problem
it was how long they stayed so like you
know like you go to the farm you have
your little farm story line and
everybody's happy that's fine but they
stayed at the farm for the entirety of
the second season that's your problem
like you know like and they picked up
some new characters at the farm and
there was an interesting debate at the
farm an interesting post-apocalyptic
debate
but they stretched it out for entire
season and that's where the problem you
know there's some fun stuff some really
great characters it didn't need to be as
long now now that I'm wait up yeah
that's something I should watch over
just death and misery I think there's a
lot of good I want to stay at a positive
mindset would watching The Walking Dead
be upstage that's my question the
walking dead right now that I'm kind of
stuck flying down that is an interesting
question
you know part of me wants to say you
know yes because it's such a good
entertainment that it will take your
mind off of it but it's also a lot of
heartbreak and a lot of people I know
you're not you're not a huge on like the
depression art it's good
[Laughter]
it's definitely not something to start
now because it does take so long to get
like really good okay
and so you would just be really
especially the second season you'd be
bored and just pissed off so no now
right now I might not be the second
season I don't know I'm not convinced
I'd be bored you're not convinced you'd
be bored no a lot of people like Star
Wars Jack a lot of people do like sours
you probably meant like
what do you mean by that
you like sorry
oh I'm fine look first two movies when
you say over like overall you look at
upon our favor
I don't like wizards and magic at my
science teacher Star Wars so about
wizards and magic water revealed fate
destiny all that crap I like cold
emotionless science of my science
fiction check that might have been the
nerdy so anything where spirituality is
the answer it's bullshit I just
I now want a t-shirt that says I like
speculative pictures I think I really
want that to happen for me that might be
the nerdiest thing I've ever heard
convenient because that sounds like
you're looking into the housing market
look I
I enjoy books about good mortgage rates
it's got a lot of good moments you know
especially like as as you drawing closer
to like to be into the fourth season
where they are just dealing with like
cold hard practicality of living in the
post-apocalyptic world
I invite I might find that interesting
oh yeah know anything good - like
there's some really good stuff you know
like morality versus survival you know a
lot of good stuff as it gets later on
like you know that second season now
listen it's just it's just boring but if
you can get past it so yeah I say
fucking give it a try and see what
happens like that that new scooby-doo
show that Karen is fond of mmm watching
that and at some point later on in the
show they discover some kind of real
supernatural goings up yep and you know
Velma then the smart one hmm her
skepticism is shaken into this core and
and and she has to accept like spiritual
mumbo-jumbo and it just hurt my soul
jack it's you know a scooby-doo was the
fuckin spoke folks people for scepticism
have to give in to woo wonderfully it
was painful yeah spirituality is never
the answer
it's not it like even she could put a
science and spin on it you know like I
have empirical evidence kind of did that
still hurt I'm with you yeah like I've
seen a little bit of that new scooby-doo
show and I liked how how more obvious
they were with their science versus
mysticism you know I ain't afraid of no
ghosts cuz ghosts a real yo but then
they are and it's almost
let's get these these old texting
cutscenes this is not a game boy
emulator this is a Wii U this is Omni
Wii U
so technically emulation oh yeah it is
Samuel ated it simulated but it's
officially my if that counts rich yeah
do you have any thoughts feelings bowel
movements about the new x-files do you
have any thoughts feelings bowel
movements about really I never really
got into the the classic x-files yeah it
was one of those things where they kept
you know teasing a big major storyline
and I kind of like lost I kind of had a
feeling it would never actually go
anywhere so I never got invested I've
seen some like standalone episodes that
have anything to do with the running
alien plot I quite like them yeah so I I
watched the crap out of x-files when it
first came out
and loved it you know kind of growing up
it was great you know aliens and
monsters and whatnot and Mulder was the
coolest of course yeah at least and I
just like a couple months ago decided we
were gonna rewatch x-files cuz you know
she grew up watching it too and we both
had this fondness for x-files and holy
crap is it bad really
yes we couldn't get through the first
season Mulder is an intolerable prick
well wasn't he always yeah but you know
I guess when you're younger you think of
him as more cool but he's just a Nutter
Butter that's all he is
yeah and and the the tragedy is he's
right no shit just be a kook
[Laughter]
but he's right but he doesn't do
anything like he never does anything to
show that he's right he's come up he
fails constantly says yes that's the
hunch he just has a hunch and so like
it's like he's right but he doesn't do
any work to prove that he doesn't earn
it and then you have Scully who's you
know supposed to be the the the science
II lady who at like after the second
episode has seen two crazy phenomenal
mind-blowing science shaking
earth-shattering things here's here's
the painful lesson okay I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry go on
it's it's an easy point which is she's
seen amazing things but still at the
beginning of the next episode of refuses
to believe that this next thing coming
up will be amazing only I really don't
want to step on I'm done okay here's
here's the tragedy jack okay it it it
sucks to be a skeptically minded person
in our society because our society likes
to honor and idolize unthinking belief
in stupidity mm-hmm I agree we the
person who is critical is never the hero
it's always the person I believe I have
faith that's a fiction because it's
fiction because it's fiction because
someone made up the story
and if like turn this targeting computer
off and then the whole we built you this
special computer yes that would have
been more enjoyable I think everyone
agrees that like fate is the lazy
writers plot moving device even people
who like believe in fate malarkey fate
is the laziest plot device ever no
character motivation no no development
just like yeah this is what you're
supposed to do I guess they should do
that huh you were supposed to do it
because I was booked said basically I
when you boil it down my open point is I
hate faith and spirituality hate it yeah
and so that was your problem with
x-files is molderos Oh
we start with Star Wars oh well but I'm
saying like that could also be applied
to x-files whereas last Mulder had faith
in the crazy even though he had no proof
and he was the hero of the story and
Scully was the science e1 being like we
should really figure out the science
Chavez
and she was kind of the bad guy she was
she was be here it's like art course
science fiction like space hey I can
promise you that
but space cop never taps into his his
inner mystical force to solve any
problems in space-time
you heard it here first folks yeah space
cop exclusive he solves every problem
with a laser gun that was made using
cold uncaring science technology rich
Space Camp uses technology to solve
problems he uses so you could end
technology as science right so you could
actually say that space cop uses science
to solve his problem right some part of
me just views Star Wars with spaceships
movies but as a universe I don't don't
much care for well once you get into the
universe you really get into that guy
[Music]
great I got the blue hatches open rich
ya know I'm like I'm with you
and yeah as much as I like the Star Wars
movies yeah that part should be
bothersome just the whole life because
your destiny you must do this thing well
I don't really want to me but it's your
dad it's a destiny you got to do it I'm
not I have no other words to convince
you probably do it free girl for that
one that said the best of the worst
based mutiny where I says they're there
for flavor when I was talking about the
missile whatever it was I wasn't saying
I approved of it or that I enjoyed it I
was just explaining it space be the one
that everyone said why didn't you
mentioned Mystery Science Theater 3000
reliant no idea it was even odd it's not
a movie I would watch on its own merits
but that way I'm not around holding the
space key fan fiction oh yeah neither am
i not not at all certainly wasn't doing
that
oh that was red-brown was there any I
didn't see that I did not see okay
yeah rib Brown and Cameron Mitchell
that's right I was not there for that
best of the worst
[Music]
I get morph balls kind of get some more
Falls up a neeraj you just feel like you
forget having not played mess right in a
while like not having the morph ball or
the bomb I'm sorry you should be I don't
know the fourth ball and a mutt ball
bombs those kind of bombs like when
she's bald those two bombs
good question why not just have grenades
uh yeah grenades would probably be
really helpful she's missiles surely
yeah you would think you have access to
these maybe perhaps they're only
accessible from a certain pocket that is
exposed when in more fall because she's
not actually spinning
she is gyroscopically stabilized and
there's actually an interval that she's
in and the outer ball that's really yeah
but that would make sense yeah so that's
what I'm going hope that quote makes
sense as much as how does the gyroscope
spaceball but every now I guess just
wouldn't use morph ball there or you
know it's it's a lot like flight
computers where you kind of have to set
a false horizon in order to properly
calibrate it chap my toothache is either
gone away on its own or it's been
completely masked by the pain in my leg
and mostly linked because that's the
nerve that gets affected from the back
my legs my leg is gonna get better and
then my tooths gonna start moving again
that's just the way it works yeah
once once or like once you're no longer
distracted by her leg baby yeah yeah oh
my god I've got a candy that's gonna
cost more money
have you heard of this think of the
money I haven't it keeps going away
I'm almost done I am - great great
first I'm also almost done with life
sure we we've been getting some very
positive comments about our which I was
reading because I know people have been
saying in general that you know they've
wanted some longer episodes and you know
like they're okay with long summer that
one church said we're to a dentist
oh I mean they're just wrong
we got a couple people so today or
yesterday went up some of the jack solo
streams
and we had some people complaining about
the deck so much which is you know which
is fine you know you know like also some
people like on Twitter wondering where
all of the Jack hate has suddenly come
from and I was like oh come on I'm sorry
jack
oh listen like I'm fine with it I mean
I'm not obviously you know like it
bothers me but it's just like it's not
something that's gonna wreck my day the
thing that really bothers me is I do a
very clear job of like labeling our
cut-up twitch streams yeah so if it's a
Jack solo stream that is clearly labeled
in the description yep yeah and then the
people that watch those knowing it's a
Jack solo stream and uncomplaining that
it's a Jackson trapped people are jerks
oh people are jerks but you know like
I'm trying to I'm trying to you know
give them all the information necessary
you know you might not like a jack so
stream it might be quiet you might not
like a rich soldier it might be quiet
Wow you know here's all the stuff we
talked about during our streams in case
you want that information in case you're
looking for a specific thing you know
trying to do this thing to give all
these plays and then then they complain
anyway it's just like fuckers I know
there's no there what there would be no
streams at all without you jack you
spearheaded the streaming I do you know
I think it's fun I think it's fun it's
just it's just one of those things work
some comments you know flow right off me
you know Jack sucks whatever that flows
right under me but but they're just you
know when they complain about something
that they knew going in you gotta wonder
they complained out of habit that
complain to complain they complain to
complain that's a real thing that's
that's the real thing no just a minor
thing
I'm gonna be done playing that right now
I don't mean to be depressing
no because overall and by the way like
people in chat I do like this I like
conversing with everybody and I know
like there was that period there was
like that that couple week period the
mid month period when we first started
streaming where there were a couple
dickheads you know yeah in the chat and
how much
how great everyone is and I do love that
we come together I love you know that
you guys get together Tuesday nights for
movie dicks I love that we can hang out
doc so it's a positive thing because
it's it is now so rare that these
comments show up but that pissed me off
that I felt I needed to talk about it so
overall it's a positive thing anybody
who was willing to stick around for a 12
hour Dead Rising no death run they're
great in my border great great that's a
special kind of insanity Ridge well and
a couple more new subscribers here it
looks like we have mall rat Cole and
York Linda
woollen thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh it's true
we really do so thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you for everyone
else we're just coming out for some
Metroid Fusion and some slight Metroid
game possibly too old for me to play
anymore look but well we'll probably
we'll see on Wednesday we'll do a
Wednesday stream as normal and then yeah
peace out we got out we got to look into
getting me better internet here because
I'm looking forward to getting my back
better and streaming some games that use
a mouse you know I think I want to do
the new Wolfenstein rich usually do you
gotta look into it
