Episode 344
Rocket League - WooHoo (Part 3)
August 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiYNfDCB_Fg
___________________________________________

don't get cocky you want as many goals
as you could possibly be if you want to
make the other team embarrass sure
you're right that's your goal
oh yeah you're right don't get it in out
also you want to shut up
also I want to just hit the ball that's
my that's my you that's my number one
goal is you keep doing that what does
that you press X twice X twice okay
that's a sideways foot matter and over
in flip yeah yeah yeah that's a rough
one for the team I'm off the side what
does that mean I don't know soccer play
the game properly don't don't do that
Trading jumping yeah that was great
there's a great airport Oh press up or
down while pressing X again good luck oh
no no oh nothing we could have done
there's nothing wrong there's nothing we
go down yeah W so if you press X again
in the air while holding ahead you do a
flip you flip okay a sign D flippin if
you press up her back you do it okay
foot for any flip oh here we go five
seconds the front friend a friend a
friend or back you back
barbar Kyra or Mark you learn also Funky
Bunch house gone for normal hair
flippy-flippy
and ba-bam I got Mauro knows these
technical terms these are all the man
yeah he tries to put somebody got to the
ball for him so he couldn't do I just
did a foot because I understand Jack you
can't be ahead of the ball at the
halfway mark if your team has the ball
what
oh that's what offsides is so does that
you can penalize in this game or is it
just real soccer yeah if you are
penalizing this game it said so where's
the Bears don't hurt it set off side all
right
instead of but where's the penalty
uh-huh what did how did I get penalized
I don't know I didn't hit ready sorry
that was my that was my fault I was
three I was reading the chat somebody is
sending you a friend request I think I
want to play okay I will answer your
friend requests in a moment after this
fucking game here we go
here we go no here we go you sure here
we go you ready
I'm so fucking ready holy cow I'm so
fucking here we go hip here ready we're
going ready we've got ready okay oh here
we go oh oh there we go
we're stay out of the damn way see my
goodness again from you can't do thing
well somebody else wants to do the thing
well but they don't have a straight line
you can you can angle yourself even you
can do that off well but you ain't you
doesn't because you want to get to the
ball first too
they they also want to hit it
immediately well I had it well you know
what I didn't really I keep forgetting
you know what I keep forgetting the
boost button oh I did that on purpose
okay which i think is important to know
okay angle wait you might need assist
okay okay okay
rubbed off luck says I can't believe
I've been listening before elderly
gentlemen play video game
they haven't only one of us has been
playing at a time and none of us are
elderly are we talking about the game
get your shit together seriously he's
all fucked up everything you're saying
is wrong Thanks have you even been
listening and early it might be a bit
harsh we're elderly to nine year olds
that's rare which shouldn't be listening
to the stream there's a lot of swearing
bunnies
Nutter butters it's my favorite fan
family fingers fair move where did that
come from
freakazoid okay no nut bunnies you
certainly did nothing there I did it's
absolutely nothing I owe you I don't
understand the game wants the controller
oh yeah it sounds like you get more
stressed out when someone else is
playing the game and when you are you
know I think that's true so much more
fun with the car the best game the
return of backseat gaming rich no you
know he's he's not backseat gaming yet
he's on his way though
oh he's wanting to yeah that style was
different
hey I'm being a good boy again he's
played he's attempting that matters yeah
oh oh there's a bright one Oh dedicated
break yeah then the lol - that's reverse
well it's me a break in that workout
it's just destroying your transmission
you just figured out four verse yeah
yeah I don't think I've taken my finger
off of the accelerator button since we
started because that's how you please me
oh yeah okay oh wow that didn't go
anywhere say the ball
and I hit it going on it sounds like
there are fireworks yeah that's weird
it's not the weekend it's a Wednesday
it's st. say Wednesday say Wednesday
they're gonna use them old fireworks
when they expire thank you that almost
summer after the fourth of July you just
hear fireworks every day in Milwaukee
yeah I think sounds like you actually
did tweet that nothing like Milwaukee
summer to take the novelty out of
fireworks it's true no great every day
um apparently square is the handbrake oh
yeah oh you could do sweet likes kids
Oh squids and she women squids and skips
Gibble's Gibby dibs
okay Scrabble devil oh oh oh that was
haven't you know you I would that was a
for effort yeah sorry sorry thirteen
sorry thirteen give me the 13 is very
frustrated okay
oh oh
hit the crossbar I was sad again wolf a
for effort
oh my god no I might have I might have
hit hold on I might every play will
determine that could it no that was not
me alright okay I didn't help
oh but I didn't hit it in you know just
missed it entirely migraine Oh
oh good you're gonna knock it but I
wasn't gonna do any good any good
anywhere except requests oh yeah yes yes
I can hold on exits main menu I can't
you're gonna see a black screen because
I don't know what sort of information is
gonna be shown so right now it's a black
screen
and this one this one oh I received a
partner I'm not gonna accept any party
information invitations that oh there's
okay there's a lot of friend requests no
okay hold on I'm accepting all your
friends except I like you remix tab like
you great
I don't like you that much no okay you
can start a private match no probably
maybe let's see what's up everybody's
still on play online private match team
size fall before the random of course
for not difficulty of rookie US East
great match searchings around who's
ready for this searching for private
match great I thought what I don't know
how did the network at all have also I
should turn this stream back oh here we
go
can you not look there in there oh oh
hey cool huh alright hi guys there's
only a couple of days so you're on the
same team right yeah you're not playing
against them well I've been more calm I
can only assume playing bots it looks
like we're playing BOTS oh yeah well
this will give me some time to practice
there no they're good
I put bots to rookie oh because I'm
you know how it'd be really embarrassing
than if you want yes I'm just gonna say
that yes like if they score right now
with the ball really close to your goal
oh that would be embarrassing I had to
break away
I had the break away oh oh my gourd oh
there's the slowest okay who's uh so how
do you join a private match Oh creator
invite how do we make you a to invite
people all the people who just friended
me should stop stop and go
I feel like 13 is here mr. shy smiles
here I see oh wait I think other people
are joining the match oh yeah okay great
okay hopefully you're all in the chat
well okay I did it I did it
Wow I did it
it takes I they're still trying to sell
us on the tutorial you know what maybe
okay
we're not playing at Oriel right it's
like it's real really clever and funny I
think just perhaps it tells us like what
all the buttons do maybe there's a
button we just don't even know to press
like those get the ball in the net they
get the ball in the net but could do a
better job but what is triangle do
triangle has follow the ball or not oh
it's right that one okay we know what
jump is we know what boost is tri we did
not know what square was Square is the e
handbrake button that's pretty helpful
button thanks well
don't pass it to me I'm terrible let me
just look for him back here I'm not
being noticed by anyone right now today
we're playing I was standing like like
ridiculously far out in right field of
course and one of the other nerds he was
he was all up in the business of Frank
oh he wasn't she still wasn't that good
like he would drop a bomb yeah and then
one of the assholes in the class started
yelling at him
and I got this off saying that I walked
up on what started a fight like he's
least he's fucking trying the gym
teacher did not say jack shit to me for
almost starting a fight here's what's
more embarrassing about that is I jumped
over it didn't do a thing didn't do a
thing
okay here we go I think more real people
towards by somebody that was in that in
the chat yeah okay great so now more
people aren't here that's yeah that's
great there we go here we go here we go
nope nope nope nope and handbrake
Oh can't you know jumping you feel like
you should be able to jump higher
mountain mountain mountain stop go what
that shit pulling me you know start
that's my jam very impressive pretty
good bet you need to make more terrible
guitar pizzas what you think no well
they can't see that I could have been
making guitar faces is that a real song
you were just doing yeah it's a song but
down here Oh Oh grab I didn't even know
that it's because it's a song way down
there that's okay not essential toys did
they use that song in the movie gravity
no because if not they should have no
made sense yeah yeah the song was just
an ambience for two hours oh I wouldn't
like the movie more if there was no
dialog and it was just weird ambience
like under the skin of course they are
of course they are is that the tie-in
with the blu-ray yeah what is the
blu-ray come out uh pretty soon but yeah
III it's I think abut as it's not
excited about the soundtrack on vinyl as
I am about like I'm excited about the
blu-ray yeah the office amount of
excited about the soundtrack because all
they had like the only place they could
take it from was a 35-millimeter sound
source it still has to log on it it
still who cares on sounds like Manos
yeah
just watch the movie then exactly
synapse has been working on a I think a
fork a restoration of Suspiria they're
like the last year or maybe even longer
and it's like they're still working on
it like it's one of those they go in
there it's one of those things like
those guys are so meticulous about
making sure that there's I was thinking
straight now because I love the spirit
yeah or just movie it is but right now
it's just backyard but they're complete
like order you know remaster inna I go
to their Facebook page everyone small
just to check on updates and they're
like we're still working on it but we
just found this new source with better
audio than the lice or so he has
somebody's mad Oh constantly like trying
to make it as good as possible
cool good yeah it's good but that could
be like a never-ending you know like
it's coming up next week wait we just
bought a new print yeah should probably
check for more friend advice after this
match sure
I think I don't think you have to leave
the game I think you could just say the
PlayStation oh maybe but I found a lot I
found a rip of who he is there a test
pressing of the soundtrack yeah
from 79 it sounds just gorgeous oh my
god those tapes oh hold on I'm accepting
so at least they've got that yeah sure
little bit come back see you see you
hopefully little over a key prey subject
just as long as it was that's all try
never we're not friends with all the
people
oh so many friends so many friends it's
the one in there should get out of that
guy in Kevin who doesn't know Josh is a
friend of ours who is frequently on best
of the worst there's a little watch is
there someone that watches the prereqs
streams that doesn't watch best of the
worst
who are you oops what's your deal man
who who are you
I misread something I think somebody was
asking if I know I'll find everyone say
you don't recognize your voice or
something well we have matter in a while
let's serve to be fair that's better
later maybe they're a new fan it's
possible who hasn't watched the old
episode but you're still good it doesn't
make any sense to me you know what if
they've got a whole new world to
discover it's true it's true
go watch all of our best of the worst
backlog right now right now stop
watching this watch this first and like
all of our videos why subscribe and
comments what do you think about de
Manos hands of a blue tell us below if
you haven't seen it I was riding that
wall that was right now all all the way
to score City so where did the
motorcycle turn into the sides explode
no how do we do that that's the first
that was the first one no no not
necessarily
why because I saw a new gladiator oh
I've never seen him to die yes but
that's okay episode after episode one
hello best episode DVD collection blue
owls heaven who got a riddle over in
that corner right now band camp I'm
sorry my friends I believe that my
co-host is swallow this telling you oh
oh oh for somebody you know wallet it's
a shame League indefinitely specimen
where's that DVD
alright one day one day there'll be a
magic copyright loophole with a
commentary track over our commentary
only all of the public domain movies
haven't been over done already
that's that's the thing is like if it's
public domain it's
and everybody has done something with it
yeah
every only did public domain that's also
true yeah all the good stuff is actually
owned by people
that's very true oh fuck did we talk
about trying to buy the rights to
something another uh terror in Beverly
Hills yeah yes except we can't find
anyone to try to buy the right can't
yeah you know one will admit that they
own that I went down the rabbit hole and
it was just like yeah it was an endless
mess so if anybody out there on the
internet knows where else who owns the
rights to terribly we did try looked
into it yeah I looked into it but yeah
there's no those random like nothing
movies it's impossible Shep knew anybody
knows who owns Tara member Lee Hills
please please let us know please like
nothing more I did track down who owns
blood beef yeah which I guess there was
a minute update oh man there has not
been a I think the only time I've ever
talked about that was the Chad but okay
what's the blood bean update it ain't
happening buddy did you talk to someone
I did I did I looked into it my contact
with the right people and just isn't
good because because of them well not be
yeah I mean I was up for doing it's
because that's a really weird question
jack you know what I was about doing it
then I contacted them and then I decided
no I guess I could be possible depending
on what yeah they were like but that's
what that's not the case that's not the
table that's too bad yeah never say
never but it doesn't look likely we're
being encouraged to team up with Shout
Factory if you're know how to make that
happen make that fucking happen but team
up with them in what capacity in order
for them to pay for the rights to
license movies so we can make fun of
them
oh okay wait shortly yeah any capacity I
don't care they they're awesome yeah I
love scream factory um I wasn't gonna
say oh there's another car I've never
listened to the commentaries but vinegar
syndrome never heard of them ah yeah
yeah they're another like genre release
movies with commentary tracks a by
Sandrine Lucas and I know I haven't I
have a couple of them but I haven't
listened to them but I think it's like a
really nice passing out Emma's calmly
goes in Kimber wins malt their group but
they did one for a night train to terror
and like one other movie bad man I think
Oh wouldn't this be great with like Mad
Max skins like truck DLC what's
happening drive those spike things have
a little guy just on top just peeling
cosmic little guy like waving around a
spear those guys going back and forth
yeah hit the ball so they can actually
be amazing every time you score goals is
shiny and cruel but if you knock lovely
if you knock the ball in your own goal
[Laughter]
Oh apparently vinegar syndrome was
starting a streaming service Oh
everybody's doing Oh God so whenever
whenever your car blows up like one of
the guys break but right before it blows
up the guy in the car like takes out his
count as a silver spray paint nice nice
oh yeah I just signed up for a streaming
service called shudder it's exclusively
for horror movies okay which there's a
lot of free ones like on the Roku or
whatever and they're all garbage yeah
but shutters great oh man yeah they have
so it's like yeah it's like such a wide
selection of like old stuff and pretty
new releases lots of foreign stuff lots
of like recent independent
my you know American Horror stuff good
little good aggregator yeah that's great
and they they're the ideas that they're
gonna keep expanding to so but they
already have like I don't know two under
titles or something okay and yeah all
sorts of interesting things
yeah shudder sick and I sponsored by
shudder
these are teas with these shudder
shudder it's like five bucks a month can
I smile ma'am
good that hurts the asses meat mediocre
no mediocre I'm just not as good as I
think now that we are playing with
people from the chat rich needs to take
over again yeah so I can stop
embarrassing myself I know the chat
likes it when I embarrass myself / I
hate it I'm in I'm in I'm in up to win
baby
we got a snowman antenna oh hey that's
fun I think half of the chat loves it
when I act a fool the chat who's
actually here to watch the game is
infuriated well get used to this people
who just showed up to watch some some
hardcore rocket League action which I'm
sure happens like oh you come across
some assholes talking about horror
movies I'm not even trying to play yeah
it's great
are there people that go to twitch like
and just go to a random channel they
don't know because of what game they're
streaming I do oh okay yeah I do like if
it's a game that I'm playing and like I
just want to see how other people are
playing it to get some tip ah I did that
a lot with blood-borne
okay because it was so tough it was just
like I would start I watch other people
just to see if they found anything
different hmm like I did I did that with
our FTL a lot people who screamed ft
Ahlers blinky that's all anyone that
ever does that and comes to this channel
they're gonna be horribly I I we do a
different thing yeah we do a different
thing I did check out some eSports
yesterday got a little quick yeah real
help my attention for like seven minutes
because it was just so different
yeah video games people competitively
playing a video game
wit Game one with like sports announcers
and he's doing the luggage oh I'm color
strike okay oh my god the game oh my god
like I started watching the very first
stream I watched was a spelunky not a
speeder on a max coinage run someone was
trying to make you know the record
number of money you could earn in a game
of spelunky a guy names a streamer named
bananasaurus rex okay and all sudden
like I started seeing him like my game
feeds like bananasaurus rex it's gonna
make so much money in blah blah blah and
I was happy like at the time so just
watching him play it was amazing he was
doing really cool things I was like so
that was fun because he had a goal in
mind
chair but usually I don't want for very
long if it's if it's someone just
playing with you yeah and not talking
about Mad Max or
[Laughter]
and you know our like I said this is a
group stream this is a little different
when it's like if it's just me a rich
yeah usually a little more gaming side
drinking here we have a little more a
little more podcasting sure a little
more freeform
a little more fuck off everyone let's
talk about the weather it's been so nice
out wow what the fuck what the fuck who
remind that ball away from me it's been
great now it's been to a couple days
Heather yes well what's once the
humidity drops in the winter yeah I was
worried it might be too hot or something
I didn't want to talk about not this is
probably really boring oh I wanted to
discuss the Apple watch
oh god why Bobby look I have a specific
story related to the Apple watch I as
many people know in the jack I'm a
hardcore Apple fanboy I believe in the
cult of Mac oh no rich sounds terrible
you're supposed to be better than me I
never made this quick I just started
playing the date today myself Jack yes
video bTW okay but the Apple watch is
this a horrible thing that no one uses a
melon
yes even I as a Mac fanboy believe that
the Apple watch is a useless piece of
shit okay I was doing a couple weeks ago
I was shooting a corporate video and the
place of business I was at was also a
Mac business all the work computers were
Mac computers a couple people who worked
there the higher-ups came from Apple
retail so like they were hard and we
start gibbering during shoots about the
Apple watch and I make it snide remark
not realizing that who I'm making a
snide remark to is wearing that want to
be higher-ups of the company and I was
like and they start sniping about the
other one and they said if I could
return this I would oh oh yeah
and they wear it they're just like I
have said what do you do with it I would
think once you buy it cuz how much does
one cost few hundred bucks so you buy it
and you're like this is garbage but I
paint it a lot for it so I guess I'll
keep weary until a use comes around yeah
but that was my first question to her
was just like how do you use this every
day how is it worth it and she's like
absolutely not worth it it gives me my
oh but it doesn't even display all the
text so I have to read it on my phone
anyway right
but I guess I know I got a text yeah and
she's like yeah we're shooting at him if
you if you had that on but you also had
your phone with you yeah and you got a
notification that you got a text you're
not gonna go to the watch yeah you're
gonna just pull out your phone which is
right there anyway which is right there
anyway yeah because you're - it is with
Siri
and so then you have to talk to your
watch in public got like a dick tree
haha you get it like a crazy like yes I
would like an appointment for my
urologist it's it's a step backwards in
technology and absolutely this and but
the the nice part of the story is here
we have a whole bunch of Apple people
who also agree why this watch makes no
sense
and hopefully that word will get back to
Apple and so they can what stop make
nothing no matter this does done well
they're they're focusing on it
are they still yes yeah what are the
sales like you have any idea did well do
well because I guess initially it's like
new Apple thing yeah yeah yeah it did
well if the sales have not continued to
do very well but if I mean it's done
well enough where it Apple is still
putting time to resources which is a
shame Oh like I I have a buddy who also
has like the Android version oh just
missed the damn thing the pebble or
whatever that's called like no yeah and
like I thought about it Alton so what
are those nice we got good text you know
like I can kind of see the subject know
if I should check my phone about it's
like no just check your phone to focus
also like if you're expecting an
important email yeah check your checking
your thank you alright and if you're not
emailing fucking wait
yeah also you don't have a job in which
you get important you know you work at
Wendy's
nobody's contacting you we got a new
grease trap hold on
I think some people just like to buy new
doodads
sure Oh especially Apple doodads yeah
yeah Apple especially oh yeah this is a
new thing for Apple I guess I'll just
get it I don't need it but whatever you
know there were that I paint
breakthrough doodads you know of course
the I pod was not the first digital
music player right but it was the big
you know the the iPhone was huge
touchscreen phone huh first of its kind
oh oh sure right so the precedent for
mind-blowing doodads is there yeah but
as we've said the watch is step
backwards not a mind blowing especially
because one RT like those watches
already existed we should have all known
I'd rather just get a wristband for my
iPhone sorry I just have my iPhone on my
you can read this point what this is
this a thing this is this is a big
gaming news well understand oh wait you
told me about this that's a big plastic
in case your phone yeah you're right
dude is gizmos and thingamajig both
think about jigs
oh those are my favorite yeah do you
like do like a who's it's like watch
this one who's it see cuz who's it that
just embarrassed around like who's that
guy I don't know but once it's oh that
could be a fun doing like a base class
so what's it oh that was awful that was
that's gonna be fun to watch
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
you enjoy the social commentary on this
Harlem vodka yeah the important social
commentary about Apple watches and our
social commentary the I watch is stupid
yeah I like finger but chicks it's great
why is the nedick's Oh whatever you
score then that explodes well it looks
like you can see there's a force there's
like a force field so it goes through
that and then but the ball explodes yeah
okay because it's awesome sure I'll
explore just wondering what the logic of
it is explosions you have a
rocket-powered remote-controlled car so
that rocket power it's a
remote-controlled car with rockets
splitting fuck it Touche big difference
you think it's battery but there is a
difference yeah hybrid the hybrids
it just got fire coming out the back as
well it's like a couple of butane you
know lighters I like whoever if someone
got like a bumble upgrade for their
rocket boosters and they shoot out yeah
that's adorable
that's my poodle's maybe that was you
what's up yeah I don't know what's that
hey chat what's up with you what's going
on guys
see
it's not remote control there's a guy in
the car driving that's not know
yeah they remote controls their remote
control that's that's the game I you I
had said in the beginning I would have
preferred a little guy in the car guy
cuz then would have been like uh I was
that was the game lug with all the
drivers and you blow up each other's
cars just a metal yeah twisted metal
like a little twisted metal mod would be
great for this go back to the future the
game oh did you do it
no no no this that's my win oh I have
seen the latest Pixar movie have you
seen marble rye is better than normal
right that's fact
oh come on pumpernickel dog pumpernickel
a situational are you just putting
butter on it or is using it for sandwich
yeah any of it just say my friend
regular Ryan Zola is a little more
consistent you just you just toasting
putting butter Marvel Ryan I can't get
with that here's it more important
social commentary today yeah
are you talking about bright marble
right versus regular right yeah I don't
know I don't think I've ever had marble
rise uncle world into swirl yeah okay
then I've had that but I don't think
I've had regular ride oh you've never
had a regular driver
I don't think so okay maybe I had get on
the Rye bread trolley J it's it's a
flavorful place to be I'm gonna I'm
gonna go with marble rye because it
resulted in the best episode of Seinfeld
yeah well that's also true yeah I'm just
gonna bounce
yeah oh my god again shine shine would
you sis huh Ritchie you set him up BAM
let's see you got one of those like flip
hits that seem to work really good you
go you got you got football you're this
game does need a new gladiators mom this
game needs slowly oh yeah
whatever works and that was deliberate
Bowen that was a full credit on that but
him playing it loose anyway
nope oh yeah that was great MC look just
look at that it was like effortless it
really
[Music]
[Music]
inside-out had too much CGI yeah you're
probably right oh man this maybe going
up
they have overtime in this how they did
Ty's sudden death Oh Mike I'm seen heavy
exciting what did I don't see the UM
what was the big internet video rocket
jump school did a a video video essay a
look back on not all CG needs to do
Oh someone tweeted that I didn't watch
it is it basically the consensus is CG
is okay when you don't notice it yeah
yeah Larry know that I don't need to
watch the video that's already obvious
it's a fun look at its a tool like any
other tool I know these like sure sure
but it was a fun look at instances where
they use CG where you might not have
noticed
sure in a defense like for example even
though Mad Max fury road they had a ton
of practical effects their own wires I
know these things might have butt bump
but I just removed my wires they also
added like a bunch of the cars were fake
the backgrounds are Fayette there was
there's a bunch in Mad Max fury road
that is CG but you don't necessarily
know I will watch it so I saw it there
and I was like I'm gonna watch this
later you yes but I haven't watched it
because of it I kind of felt like I knew
where it was going and you are correct
your conclusion about the video is very
what is the one but it gives specific
examples yeah okay
no better no better get better feel
better did you win fuck up
it looks me rich rhyperior says I will
wait you in Valhalla master says George
Lucas's wife a famous editor lmao she
only edited his original Star Wars movie
yeah that doesn't make her famous about
no are they I don't understand okay
because that's all it takes to be a
famous editor yeah and it's Star Wars
and make a shitty movie good and that
movie is famous for being made in the
editing right like that movie works
because somebody fixed it and edit II
almost as if famously someone edited
that movie yeah it's a weird it's a
really weird thing oh we got fucking
changed again Cosmo yes I did see every
90s not ever by rocket oh oh that
devolves into like the thing type mutant
monsters famous youtuber Freddie Wong no
as we jump Studios I think I'm not
really sure with famous youtuber means
but he's not rocket science
well you know Josh Touche
[Laughter]
[Music]
does there exist a pre edit or an
original edit of Star Wars before the
same I've seen bits and pieces there
there's yeah there's chunks I don't know
of shirts in the Lucasfilm vault
somewhere there's more it's more what's
known as people explaining telling
stories yeah well that was they had some
examples of like scenes from when Luke
was talking to obi-wan for the first
time yeah oh there's there's bits that
are out there I'm assuming they're like
Lucasfilm approves right like you can
show this but that's a there are
specific examples of the flat editing
oh I'd also like to note that a horrible
glory says the blood Shack was also
saved by editing yeah so yes the answers
in blood check have editing it did they
put in more rodeo oh that's true that
was edited to include more rope and
that's how it was
[Laughter]
Oh
and somebody really awesome trails
people right and just likes flips and
rocket Jets and the ball is great it's
fun this game is it this game is a
joyous cacophony yes yes accompany yes
the trooper edited bloodshed makes a lot
of sense that's why he cut himself out
so he could still be the cheaper because
the trooper still exists but spoilers oh
sorry
the tuber is real come on Biff with
Tannen what like I thought you had it
okay time taggings again someone see
what happens when you end it yeah hasn't
happened yet see what you can do to make
that happen ollie you know I understand
you won win hmm this is this is this is
for science what's four cents what's
happening time in fact I mean you want
to win the game
we're investigating oh we sure you can't
you can't you have to try yeah yeah we
can't cheese it no cheese in it
you were throwing yourself on the bullet
that wasn't there yeah well somebody
could've came in sure so we're just
gonna grab it
I got some jumping yeah it's not oh oh
oh my god oh geez
some of that I almost needed it was it
bit more judicious be more jumpy oh my
god yeah fucking boom fucking bow my god
oh my god oh my god predator there I saw
my opening it's true it's true
he's true
Oh what happened there this is this is
some serious offense here god damn it
Oh rescued by Merrill house now missus
get a ball pass it over to death my
poodle's my poodle fastbacks on rich mr.
schat's welcome then playing a playing
save on this is jaws well known for his
tactics in rocket soccer I just don't
know if I could talk for that long in
that voice yeah right or just like with
that and the like the if you've ever
listened to a like what you're saying
like an eSports outcast or whatever I
have such enthusiasm to 100% of that I
can't be that excited about anything for
too long right you know think about we
might have run out of conversation might
be time to wrap up
might be just time to wrap up are you
sure are you sure are you absolutely
sure
I mean you can just what happens to be
here and play more if you quarter after
10 so we've been streaming for about
three hours
hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna read
subscribers first and then we will make
a decision mm-hmm horrible glory
man earnest get Khan I'm at least oh ok
earnest Khan
Tom Lewandowski tired and sad all impt 4
or IMT for Kahua puffs
zan of Ben Timothy Sinclair no no fear
no Envy star hauls and dung at Lee thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it someone else
needs to say it's true
