Episode 351
Mute Crimson+ (Part 1)
August 31, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4B-mqpWBro
___________________________________________

you'll get it right away okay double
jump double do the classic double jump
hi everybody I get it
rich gets it I do enjoy the the stark
color contrast I think that's fun you
know it all begins it all it all begins
anew again did you hear this if I die I
live again did you hear the sad news
today what that um someone who had no
particular effect on my life has passed
away the batman guy the batman girl
you've on Craig wait wait batman girl
the 60s Batgirl oh really
yeah Yvonne Craig was her name and she
was uh she's the background that Adam
West Batman
six the six is sad it is that it's very
sad breast cancer and she passed away to
take very sad news she said like I said
she had no particular effect on my life
buddy you know how was that I was I was
really hoping to do that what feel no
find that uh Oh find that secret
I found that secret it's just tricky huh
it's just tricky
and that nice oh nice I got a I got a
bloop noise
you got a book noise for what thinking
of that thing I don't it's probably a
good thing what do you think well you
got a thing
so what thing doesn't do anything
wouldn't wake care if I have it well the
reward for getting the thing is
obtaining the thing
hey Jack and rich when will rich
complete the Pokemon saga of mega punch
we still have the save we do we do so at
any at any time we feel like it rich
will continue the Pokemon second as it
was quite enjoyable
we considered briefly I think we
consider doing doing an episode on that
Pokemon but we did some research and my
my strategies probably wouldn't work in
multiplayer so you know yeah well in
that's what we're trying to figure out
is like is my strategy before if anyone
didn't sing us was mashing on the a
button and using only one Pokemon cuz
because you know JRPGs are so in-depth
with the combat I know you might not
consider Pokemon a JRPG but the combat
is the same style of combat that I
despise yes and so I was a little taken
aback by how easily rich was able to oh
no oh oh fun by how easily rich was able
to defeat everything with just using one
Pokemon because I have always you know
had a well diverse team and you know
trained them equally and you know that
so that was a big deal for me that rich
only used one Pokemon and so we were
thinking about doing a Pokemon episode
you know basically calling out Pokemon
for being a little broken but in doing
some research we found
that you know many speedrunners only use
one pok√©mon and the diversity is more
important when it comes to stuff like
the player versus player battles and so
our which happens sometimes you know
we'll do research on the show and it
won't work out and I think that's fine
we don't need to do a Pokemon episode
it was an incredible stream and we will
I'm I'm confident that we will stream
that again we will continue the mega
punch saga the the Oh bother
take bets on if I'll die if or when I
mean it's it's a win right it's gotta be
a way so you think so you think yes of
course we take games sent to us we've
we've have taken games sent to us if you
go to read later mediacom there's a P o
box if we played some of them yeah
there's a PA box what are you trying to
catch that I wouldn't kitchen okay
there's a peel box sent us games oh
actually speaking of I need to thank if
if you're in chat today scrilla or jack
skrillex for jack zip zop or whatever
your name is I think it's something like
that Skrillex for Jack zips up that's
your name now as your name now sent me a
CD not by that person like Skrillex for
Jack zip zop didn't make the CD but it
was just a CD of music they enjoyed by a
apparently a Russian DJ named pixel Lord
and I really liked it
you are Swede you can the see me I am
squealed I will make you pay for what
you've done
I would like inge see you try ninja
phoenix if you sent us a box of spikes
and a bouncy ball yeah we would accept
that
absolutely
damn good man it's hard yep Oh
while sea squid man is you cannot
minimize spinning tentacles they're like
tiny penis it is Oh flap them in your
general direction only splashing when
it's flashing what's flashing yeah nope
this game is not called ninja spikes but
you know obviously though they don't
think I don't classify those as spikes
those are like some kind of weird red
plant things because they're waving so
there are no spikes in this game there
are no spikes in this game you're right
these are maybe he's just allergic to
seaweed and then that's like red seaweed
nice nice rich
nice gots it now
yeah the pattern rich is playing rich is
playing because you wanted to play and
so he's fine
why did I just assume because you've
played this buffet it a little bit
before and so yeah I didn't I didn't
really ask no I didn't fuck but you know
what I think that's fine is it is it
fine yeah okay I don't care
oh you're getting fancy now yeah you got
to fancy it is it's tough it's up
oh they're iced ice lizard games is of
the maker of this game that's right
there into there in chat thanks for
sending this to me he crawls them
everybody what is this what is this a
color palette of what three get the fuck
out of here so if you have any questions
talk to iced lizard games they made this
game and they sent it to us and and I
appreciate cuts in half and they will
let you know me too crimson plus hey
must finding this horse of attack that
you it is coming it is comes perhaps
from the ancient forests I'm sorry did
you do so I guess I solicitor games are
the most important oh that's an enemy o
most important question is are those red
things spikes Phoenix needs to know this
most important question of the night are
those right things spikes or are they
just murder plankton not murder plankton
murder seaweed you have lettuce seaweed
nice
we need a puzzles Rinda puzzles no you
failed yeah well I got caught up in the
thing I get caught up to the thing like
I just did there I died again yeah I was
listening
what's this terrible what's with so
mister you daddy just be that's funny to
you yeah are you dying that's very funny
to me that's the fun of Shh
I felt you felt
ouch shit I'm waiting for a response
which on on whether or not these are
spikes they're actually like spooky
demon tentacles invading the world I
knew it I knew it
not spikes not officially not spikes are
you okay with your main character
sounding like a racist character yeah
rich is uh and I guess I did that for
the squid - we're doing caricatures oh I
got lucky I didn't know that was a
platform are you okay with us being
vaguely racist not necessarily racist
but you know
kind of racist
so they're not seaweed they're tentacle
well um you know maybe they're spooky
seaweed you don't
[Music]
oh you're so fucking on that Ridge was
the obvious solution
[Laughter]
britches so casual a bit more than I did
yeah yeah you do you know alright you
sure do you sure do
alright someone asked me a question on
Twitter and they wanted to know whether
or not you would be interested at all in
doing a XCOM base building tutorial like
like how I do it
[Music]
do you do you need one is this a thing
that many people have trouble with this
is someone on Twitter sent me a message
and say will you ask rich if he would do
an X comm base-building tutorial I mean
you just I mean I'm assuming you just
mean you want advice it's not like a
video you really need to see produced oh
yeah I'm sure they're not like you know
like what buttons do i press they're
like we know you as an X come master
yeah what do you do to build up your
basis um I think that's what they're
looking for and would you would you want
to produce an X comm centric based
building video I'd never thought about
it um killing killing ninjas oh I'm
sorry that's okay Oh
dumbass dog ran into the knot spikes I
mean I don't know that I have any
especially great base building advice I
don't I don't think it's the biggest
hurdle you would counter in that game
the base building I mean the only real
piece of advice I have is keep your keep
your satellites together is that that
one that one bonus satellite you get for
having a adjacent sorry Jason satellite
nexuses and controls out whatever the
fuck they call them that's that's very
important okay other than that I mean no
don't works for you man I like I like
keeping my alien prison on the top floor
just so I can see it easier yeah you
know I like seeing my aliens in prison
hopping around a little song before you
dissect their brain sure sure that's
true but that's just you that's just
yours yes
are you the chat wants to know if if you
are reading any comics right now right
No
neither am i I'm sorry I haven't been in
a comic book store in like five years so
and I do try to pick up you can you can
you can thank Joey casada for that yeah
they did some good you know because a
deal with the devil I mean that's that's
more acceptable than marriage casada did
a lot of good that ain't one of them you
got to go back keep wanted to get near
the top and I keep back something
falling all the way now I picked up like
a random comic book at the library the
other day I was there with my kids and
you know the library has some really
great graphic novel connection
collections and some comics cuz you know
library doesn't care what the kids read
as long as they read it and I picked up
a comic called Xena the space girl and
it's like an adorable little girl who
gets oh my god nice meets girl with them
she gets sucked into uh-oh another
dimension but kind of like is you know
thrown across space and it ends up on an
alien planet and it's pretty adorable
Izzie and uh really fun you know I like
spicy stuff I think in general you're a
spacey kind of guy
oh rich and so if you like space and
monsters and you know it has all those
great stock characters and robots and
that's how you're doing it okay
I mean you know you did it so it's
probably a kids counting no which I
guess I know a lot of comics are like
meant for children but so to call it a
kid's comic might be redundant no I
think very few comics are meant for kids
yeah yeah okay well then this is this is
a great kind
it's a weird four verse world we're
living in comics are offensive children
by the way that's true is that never was
a joke in like TV and movies when the
adult would have like the comics stashed
under his bed yep no not anymore now
they're like displayed in the living
room now that it's this that's the sign
of someone who's awesome yeah your comic
collection
I will tell rich that he's your of the
Vulcan superhero says that rich you're
their hero
why if no irony whatsoever why cuz you
don't give no I have about nothing you
don't give no ass I'm like I'm like the
dire warning of what will happen if you
don't do life better if you don't do
life better I'm the warning story you're
the cautionary tale Ben the Hat key
wrote and Rosita we know each other on
Twitter well great tell me wrote her
fucking awesome book it if you do the
things that rich Evans does you're rich
Evan your best friend will humiliate you
on the internet for profit or profit
[Laughter]
yeah there you go
there you go
there you go now I'm on the trolley yeah
you got it
Ivan I've been looking at comics to get
you know I was really disappointed with
the last batch of comics that I decided
to read and so I'm trying to be a little
more choosy laughs betcha comics I read
was the Superman Wonder Woman comics
because I thought it would you know no
no wait go back but oh yeah I see you
know the pipe no way it is fine
I got in time I was impatient you yeah I
see that about you so fuck it let's go
yeah let's move it already
nope what are you doing did you jump
another thing I just go he just grabs it
I thought I thought I'd have to jump
that's not unreasonable you're not oh
look at that look at that fucking elite
skills
[Music]
rich Evans professional gamer I didn't
think you're gonna do that oh my god and
you karate chop the dog I'm I'm a
fucking ninja you're a fucking ninja
you're so much of an inch of those guys
committed suicide they're like well I
don't want to deal with that
[Laughter]
[Music]
I need to read spider-man one more day
spider-man renew your vows Ark and the
Silver Surfer Requiem you know I don't
know if I could get into Silver Surfer
that's a character that's a little too
out there and I think you're
recommending one more day just because
you're an asshole yeah what's that
that's the deal double O is it no I'm
good I'm good
[Music]
vitamin kind of erased anyway now with
Secret Wars and then how that works I
don't I don't understand what the stupid
reboot thing they're doing isn't Marvel
Johnny we've talked about this haven't
haven't you like dis disproven your
theory that rebooting characters doesn't
bring in new people by talking about
Karen reading comics now because they've
rebooted character she's reading because
of a reboot she doesn't read the
standard super horse it's not like she's
it's not like she's locked a spider-man
in the Avengers I thought you said she
was reading miss Mars she's reading well
yeah but that's some kind of a new
character more than a continuity reboot
well it's a new character called Miss
marvel hey for one miss marvel never had
fans before let's be honest oh let's be
very honest miss marvel never had fans
that's true I don't think there was ever
a successful solo miss marvel comic
you're probably right you are probably
right
[Music]
fuck one right the other no sure
[Music]
I just like this like you know I know
there's that was comical that was sad
that was kind of you know Karen books
good old couch books
I today I was playing a little rocket
League because I try to fit it did you
had 5 3 minutes I had 5 minutes I was
like I knew I could get in the game of
rocket League and I decided to buy the
DLC even though the DLC for rocket
League is it's just different car or
stuff kind of a joke but it's kind of
joke come on car is really nice
here's here's the the real the real
reason I bought it is because I got
rocket League for free cuz or not for
free you know I got rocket League as
part of my ps+ membership I felt bad
because I've been enjoying the game so
much I just wanted to give them more
money it and it was four dollars for the
DLC and I was like hey you know I could
pay four dollars for this and you know
you get new cars and you get do you
think it's worth five bucks why the DLC
yeah oh god no yeah and had I paid full
price for the game I never ever would
have bought it because it's like I was
cashing in as well that is games popular
yep oh my god we didn't expect that and
by the way I'm more than happy to pay
for it because of how much enjoy I just
want to make sure they keep making games
like this you know I recommend the main
game I think the DLCs just kind of joke
it is a joke it's horse armor level you
should a horse armor it's a thing the
whole I believe you that's the thing I
think one of the earliest DLCs was like
a $2.00 thing it was just armor for your
horse and game yeah it did nothing
this is cosmetic for what game I want to
say it is one of them thar Elder Scroll
things okay
Oh didn't notice them oh yeah it's it's
completely useless DLC but just to
support
psyonix what are they called whatever
the cost
just to support them for making an
awesome game I I pointed up the four
bucks and do not regret it I had a
couple great games I had a couple
nobody's scored into the last 30 seconds
of the game games where it's just all
defense
oh fuck the other right idea
the other idea
Oh God listen uh I got a little too soon
to wait go guys jump jump go wait jump
jump jump
they're adding Maps for free so
aesthetic DLC is pretty forgivable
that's the thing is like like rich said
they're cashing in and I because their
game is so good we can allow it you know
if the game was crap and they were
trying to cash in then we do then we
could be harder on them but but the
game's good let them make their money
while they can
by the main game you don't need the DLC
or just by the main game like I said I
it was part of my ps+ membership so I
felt bad even though I'm sure they're
making you know like Sony gives them
money I'm sure I have not played destiny
I have no strong feelings on destiny
I've heard good things I've also heard
bad things Oh a multiplayer only kind of
mm oh oh that's also a shooter oh hey if
you know anything about rich Evans
you know what his feelings on this game
on this first-person shooter that I have
to play with a gamepad you shoot me in
the head there's like nothing about
destiny that would appeal to me yeah
literally nothing and yeah it just
didn't strike my fancy I'd never got
into it and I think it's too far gone
now
second of all just keep going keep going
in you got it keep on man what's good
what's it happening here what what's
what's your project
[Music]
[Music]
while we yeah
yeah
excellent excellent try yeah excellent
try hey iced forgotten your names
already ice lizard ice blizzard games
what do those aren't golden things give
us anything beyond bragging rights or is
it is that is it just a bragging rights
thing where are you yeah it's a loser
is there are there steam achievements I
love Steven see this is Richard it's
gonna get all the steam achievements for
me cuz I'm totally okay with that if
it's just steam achievements let me know
so I can avoid them is it just bragging
rights or do we get like a better score
every five gives you a new oh okay every
level has one and every five earn gives
you a new things in the extras menu okay
so it does give you things nice then
keep getting them Oh tough shit Nintendo
art oh that little bit there I would
call em tender hard yes yeah I'm just
saying you know I don't think I do we
get things
it's just right there it I say you can't
do it yeah I'm not ready to go yet oh oh
[Music]
fucking clutch that was sharp man no
losted I got winded you did literally
what when did
you had it had enriched its matter if
you die
do I have it when I'm dead no no
[Music]
what what you saying no to oh I don't
know didn't you say something
well of course of course vein king Vidya
the king Vidya says kind of a dumb thing
so I'm gonna call you out on he says
there's never been a Nintendo game where
you've had to double jump your way
across spikes and so calling this
Nintendo heart is a little bit of a
misnomer and there's never you sure
there's never but I can attend a game we
had to do that but also like that's not
what I'm gonna call bullshit that's not
what a Nintendo hard means intent a hard
means just yeah it doesn't mean it's
exactly the same thing that happened
could it be I mean this come from this
location certain me that so many of my
children are still asleep soon they
we're leaving here and find home oh yeah
and this world it is you that brings
destruction to the city and your you and
your countrymen will bring defeat stand
aside
come now no chance to kill us all stay
here we could playing game
I have defeat deficit company what what
was it company well in your world but I
don't read so well absolutely not
see smart or it is the time in which we
fight very pretty
show me what
ooh I like that mom
oh yeah there's gonna be a fucking pain
in my ass yeah yeah that month was a
little bane that was uh I was I was
covering my mouth and like modulated
like modulating my hand and so it did
turn into a little bit of a bane mouth
but uh you know veins bad guy must bad
guy
[Music]
Jack Packard the boys in unicorn in the
Transformers movie reboot Unicron is
that what Unicron sounded like some like
Orson Welles no it was voice Orson well
I was it might have been the last thing
he did before he died
really I could be wrong about that and
Mosby's I don't think I can do it I
don't think I have a deep enough voice
to do an Orson Welles impression and
really I wouldn't be doing an Orson
Welles impression I'd be doing a brain
from Pinky and the brain who does a very
good Orson Welles impression he's made a
living yes you should give their estate
money the man well I'm glad you like did
I solicit games I said that was the
manliest voice that moth has ever had
and you're in your head you know what's
it moth sound like that's me that's the
important question email it could maybe
not always the moth female oh I may
might be feminine transgender shaming is
that what we're doing though he always
but you know I started doing the voice
before I saw the enemy and so I just
chose like a generic bad guy voice so
that was you know what that was a that
was assuming
once I got the hang of it yeah Edie's
finished in here they will not be
deterred tell me mother I located the
Allies I am very cold yes you could have
yeah I might have given a little too
much to the coughing noises sorry if i
grossed anyone out there that was pretty
awful good game boss there is no time of
wasting
except for this time I'm wasting right
now well
that sure was a drink okay I am going on
must jump over a pizza oh my god thing
fall from sky I see where I am no it did
not it did not fall from the sky some of
you would stop yeah
anything anything above you is the sky I
don't know if we can answer that I know
you've asked that question a couple
times Vulcan about rich in eyes favorite
game of all time he has a tricky
question it is because like what you're
into it one day doesn't necessarily mean
and what you're into all the time
I bet there's a secret up there I can
probably give you a list of favorites I
don't know but I can give you a a
pecking order or has been fond of beef
one and two what I kill yourself out
there of one of the middle rock lands on
those bikes oh I bet there's a secret up
there oh you're right you're right I'm
inside that I'm inside the head of the
developers that's exactly where I would
hide a secret so sorry go ahead
how about about three give us three
games that you really enjoy it thief X
come
um some blanks classic doom classic
design is gonna be in the running
like just forever that the for Doom 1
yeah
quiet or class no playable this day well
I think I need the source pores to enjoy
today because you get mouth look classic
classic doom don't have most look and we
know I'm very picky about the way I play
Oh Oh bother
I see that
I see what you did there and see what
you did there he made a funny oh my god
I tried to double back I think you can
double I think you can do it
so thief XCOM original doom those are
three I mean it's probably other games I
love them just not brain not work right
now sure sure
nothing is fine list that is a fine list
I'm trying to think I'm trying to think
of game you know like that's Master of
Orion Master of Orion okay uh oh yo oh
wait oh fucking ninja you are ninja you
are ninja ninja ninja run boom good job
Thank You congratulations oh my god
the rules have changed the eyeballs have
changed
do you juju
this is this is an eye tutorial yeah
yeah yeah do you know how to deal with
the eyes
I suppose our game says akan green ice
game at that last point oh thank you I
think I think you handled that up in a
way that was not expected oh really
you cheated this is so good get oh and
by the way no the framerate on this game
does not suck
it's it's OBS everything on the game you
the eye and I'm seeing it work um come
through right now do you see how choppy
that looks on OBS oh yeah the the
framerate is what is just OBS it the
game plays very smoothly thank you for
pointing that out and I just am seeing
it now so there is something weird
happening what is wrong with OBS with
OBS and I don't I don't know what it is
so it just might be the way that it's
capturing the game you wanna stick
around with it a bit uh you know once
you start weaking with stuff really what
it might take is just you know stop
streaming it start screaming again so
it's not a way to watch the game we
should you better see if I can get this
thing for sure yeah get through this
area
and then and then we'll try to make it
look better because yeah this isn't let
me see if I can get this cheesy I don't
know why this ninjas loves cheese it so
much and they aren't giant cheese's what
do you mean you don't understand their
cheese's
[Laughter]
is the FPS lakhs of monitors refresh
dream that should matter the read the
monitor can you jump up from below the
thing if I tried once and it didn't work
maybe I just fucked someone Oh a good
Larry I must've just fucked something up
that time I argue lead it faster I got a
slow start because it wasn't expecting
that recovered it oh you got the rising
level level you got the rising level
level
[Music]
you can turn off vsync in the options
menu and it'll work on high refresh
monitors maybe that maybe we'll give
that a try see if that looks any better
Shh pause it for a second options turn
vsync off we'll see if this looks any
better there you go that looks much
better thank you this is what the game
really looks like sorry about that
we're so sorry about that ice lizard
game I hope I hope it's like this is why
rich and I suck but that's fine
oh well that's why rich sucks right
there jack yes we don't know what it's
like man you got no room to talk oh yeah
you haven't played this far you're right
got no room to talk mother fucka my eyes
they're cured Jedi Knight 2 is another
good one Jedi Knight - yeah that's
another game that you just that I enjoy
sure that's important to you yeah nice
yeah we're probably gonna play some
other games tonight quick - quick -
because it was the game that started my
journey into PC gaming there there will
always and forever be a place in my
heart for Team Fortress 2 even though
it's kind of broken right now
and I haven't played it in possibly a
year and I don't know if I will ever
play it again but Team Fortress 2 you
know over a thousand hours into the game
it's always gonna have a place in my
heart
everyone knows my intense love of The
Binding of Isaac really just a lot of
Edmond McMillan's games Binding of Isaac
Super Meat Boy Super Meat Boy is you
know one of the all-time greatest
platformers ever made
you're gonna get that cheese in
motherfucker TIE fighter TIE fighter you
and I are very different gamers yeah and
I like that about us Thai fighters are
amazing Thai fighters quest for glory -
yeah yeah
now you're just talking about games you
like I'm trying to get no no no this
games that are important to you yeah
first formally - yeah mine are the best
adventure game ever right huh
I mean by virtue of being an adventure
games not super replayable but as far as
its place in my heart goes your quest
for glory - okay don't you dare tell me
what it belongs in my heart yeah like
all I'm saying is you know you're
listing a lot and I think that that
means you have a big heart Oh God
can I just say ISIL is er games I love
those dogs I think they look badass
the dogs would like the bones coming out
of their backs ninja ninja ninja
oh no no not now no no no no no Severns
what do you think what do you think of
this fr oh that's cute yeah it is
oh you know what while you were
following I completely forgot that you
could stick on walls I think it's very
cute like and I think if you're the type
of person that likes these retro kind of
games it's very fun although now that
Ritchie said it I will forever view
those special tokens as cheez-its oh
shit
I'm sorry if that upsets you but I just
see Jesus now I can't help but if
they're Jesus Jack knowing Jesus are
delicious until I get it while that why
your ninja wants him so bad
I just wish there was more challenging
that one this seems a little seems a
little easy that was hastily done oh
shit I forgot to put one oh fuck
just pop it along and then whoop whoop
what it what is the what's the sketch it
where the guy repeats cheese it's cheese
it's there's a sketch
yeah it's like a an online sketch you
know and I just yeah well you're fucking
up so hard look fuck off jacking fuck
off I didn't see you pulling off these
sick moves I'm not and you're right it's
just nice cuz usually usually you know
I'm on the receiving end of the you know
sucking a video game that was nlg Pro
100%
why does Jack never talk about sports
cuz I don't watch sports or care about
sports Jack doesn't know much about
sports ball I know nothing about sports
ball and I don't care too so that's why
I don't talk about sports and I never
have I never have cared or talked about
her you've never had a team uniform I've
never had a team I rooted for I never
cared even when I was a little light it
was just like why
why is this a thing why sports the thing
I you know I played like I played
baseball
I played football for a little bit I've
you know I like playing games but also I
was I was a fat indoor kid for a looked
you know by the time most people were
like getting into sports I was I was
finding video games so I spent a lot of
time indoors
no no nope nope nope maybe I'm not
supposed to follow all right that could
be
have I seen Ralph ball she's Lord of the
Ring movies is that the animated one
Bashi
is that the animated one yeah yeah I've
seen that one that's good
it's weird I know I've seen The Hobbit
okay that's the one I've seen yeah nice
that's a very unique animation style
take off five absolutely some of Lord of
the Rings sure cuz I remember Berto and
Sam hopping around doing just bopping
around like ski the stair babe oh wow I
got a ring you know scatting it up it's
pretty good I got repressed by your scat
man do you know I got I got a little I
got a little soul in there a little soul
in me I do a pretty decent Louis
Armstrong I used to do that for karaoke
like a wonderful world Louis Armstrong
oh so you know I got I got it's this guy
I got the Skadden be okay all do jack
each and every one of us that's what
Steve I am what is this
I seeing not good
I see not good time I fight you say
agreed time fight you say agreed
[Laughter]
you know Oh dope going going honey I'm
going bad boy oh shit shit I think every
game needs at least one giant eyeball
monster that's a staple I don't know
there's a minimal you know thing no I
mean you can't have I don't think you
need to I think it's great I like it I
think you think Splinter Cell needs a
giant eye baby yes why you know like
last time I played civilization there
was no giant eyeball monster to
negotiate with Gandhi and it made took
me out of the game a little bit
[Laughter]
what
I can't say I can st. compared to the
last cup of bosses yeah
mr. Kavon pushover kind who's your snap
not acceptable
yeah what could be what could be what is
this device mmm this device that I am
looking at their device perhaps going
forward to this technology we shall see
beep listen you're doing the ninja thing
of the clicks no I'm sorry Jack I'm
stealing your thumb just your step but
you know Oh mechanical level whoop now
you must use all your ninja skills
[Music]
[Laughter]
eisah lizards say that they're very
excited that uh by how far you've gotten
oh he's no problem maybe you didn't know
this about rich
that motherfucker's on me Oh timing was
bad timing was a little off say you want
to say that again jack yeah you've
riches and motherfucking ninja I don't
want to say it again what did I think of
the movie the animation is very
interesting I it was a long time ago
that I saw it so I have no strong
feelings one way or another the
animation is really weird Oh
so I have no strong feelings towards
that movie
as I guess what I'm saying I apologize
that I have no strong feelings I like
you I like your tutorials person who
made this cuz they see that you see you
see the guy and then you see all ladies
dreams killed the guy those are laser
beams I can't touch those okay I just
did twice isn't that beautiful yeah also
is that a skeleton samurai next time you
see that bad guys I'm sure you're gonna
die again are you sure
see I can't cut him yeah he's like an
undead like okay yeah I could see that
you might be a skeleton we're looking
for skeleton confirmation that's good I
mean he probably has a skeleton however
no matter what right well no but if he's
like a leg up he could be a ghost then
he doesn't have a skeleton
well then he probably wouldn't have
worked in blood it could be a ghost
skeleton oh my god the ghost of a
skeleton
[Music]
what the fuck indeed what the fuck
indeed skeleton skeleton confirmed okay
thank you
too soon what do we think about the
sequel itis is about megaman x and it's
soft it or else like that's the seagull
itis series i think they're fun damn it
and I think the things that he says and
that series is correct that's what I
think have you seen this eagle eye this
series I've seen Mega Man X yeah that's
fun oh there be stuff over to my right
but there was no stuff over to my right
this is very Nintendo in the way that
there is a pattern that you have to see
mm-hmm
where's the I haven't seen a cheese in
the well am I missing cheese's oh well
you stay on this level these have one
per level so I think I'm mr. Jesus you
might have missed a cheese it and I have
I was Evan reading chat so I haven't
been attending
what's my favorite sequel ever half-life
2 boom are we talking in terms of like
quality levels versus the original Mega
Man 2 yeah yeah some hot shit compared
to the both good Evil Dead 2 which I'm
movies your games that's one of this I'm
just naming sequels that are I that I
enjoy both of those are quality sequels
Road Warrior oh nice oh you totally mr.
cheese in your on the next level already
you're fucked up bridge jack shit
happens jack it does
they get a little more hidden as the
game goes on see oh snap or those tiny
treadmills yeah oh I get it yeah
you fucker i solicit kids what's he
saying oh no I'm just like that's like
that's a fuck you game design right
they're like yeah he's a tiny little
platform that's constantly moving thank
you okay there is a level select then it
shows you if you got the cheez-its
so you can always go back that's good to
know
[Music]
no God no God no God oh yeah I just
don't know if I can
I must claim to these Tetris pieces I
hope they don't fall that's not a
terribly smart yes that only is three
chunks huh that's a leave that alone is
three chunks Jack potential space i step
four chunks look at that one that one
that one it looks like a Tetris out the
rest don't but be with me that was the
joke it was it looks as one of those
things looks like a Tetris piece as a
self-respecting nerd Jack I can't let
that slide
no that was you know I wasn't generally
necessarily going for authenticity just
oh this is too insane you can do it rich
you can do it touch it jump jump touch
it
[Laughter]
you can do it just for you just breathe
just breathe you can do it oh fuck is
space cop a sequel to freedom feeding
frenzy or guerrilla interrupt no there
is no greater feeding frenzy guerrilla
interrupted universe you're not you're
not going for an rlm cinematic universe
do you think if people tried they could
find connections in all of your movies
though the the carrot my character's
name in row interrupted is Ray Grabowski
which may be a link to something else
we've done oh my god there's a there's a
curb aus key in space cop 2 is there
there is you might not even be aware of
that because it's just a name on a
screen news reporter or last name also
browse key
well the nega what someone was assets
full of garbowsky's grubaugh skis I
think it is a common name I think people
are hoping people are hoping for a
cinematic universe now they've gotten
used to that it's expected now you know
who's doing the cinematic universe
before it was like a thing with Marvel I
haven't Smith oh yeah those early movies
were all connected that's true
the esc' universe yeah if you will
oh shit well not all of it like you know
he had the Jersey trilogy yeah
and Dogma it connects to those yeah all
talking as part of the is the third
hello there's clerks Mallrats chaser
name oh yeah dogma and Jane Silent Bob
strike back so the first five oh fuck I
know clerks to Mars of course and I'm
sure there's got to be some sort of
tenuous connection in Jersey girl
I don't think so you don't think I liked
Jersey girl I like George Carlin and
yours eater well sure well I mean I like
George Carlin general but in that movie
I think he's actually really good he was
never given a chance to really act much
but he was in stuff but you think it was
a good performance never
the rest of movies pretty corny yeah
it's pretty dull it's corny but I am
okay with corn that was just kind of
cool cruel cruel what are you playing
this is a game called the mute crimson
plus very nes style of platformer and
somebody explained them to me because
people talk
we the developer of the game is in the
chat you can ask them as I kind of just
watched oh well I'm you know you said
someone
iced ice to lizard I thought my
implication was that was a question that
deserved an answer I didn't think I
needed to to talk down to everybody
mm-hmm and you know make that an
official question well you could it you
know you could have asked them
specifically instead of just like oh you
know that wreaked of passive-aggressive
to me like if only if only someone could
give me the answer to this you know no
you know what I was thinking huh I was
thinking Jason the room and Jay doesn't
know the developers here and I mean
they'll be just like an awkward
exhalation
oh well Jay you know what you developer
the game is actually in the camera right
now imagine and then ever waste ten
minutes of us talking about that again
when everybody already knows that it's
not wasted now we've wasted 15 minutes
discussing why I phrased it that the way
I did in the original first place
fifteen minutes you have a different
you're on a different time schedule than
the rest of the world no also we haven't
wasted 50 minutes we filled 15 very
different and they have answered it's
the color palette is mu okay it's a very
fun game it's like a puzzle
