Episode 355
Space Cop Effects Work!!!! (part 1)
September 6, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJuq_bp9gH4
___________________________________________

ah people should be seeing you in all of
your glory as the space come right now
yeah glory all your glory boom by anti
glory your anti glory and all of this
fat hello everybody
oh good people are seeing hack frauding
do you hear me the here rich
do you hear some music in the background
WC space cop these are all the important
questions these are all the important
questions you think about those
questions while I tweet a little tweet
tweet a little tweet at me yes and what
the rich sings apparently so rich right
before I hit start streaming yeah you
were saying that you don't like the
Smurfs I never really liked the Smurfs -
no I just got a splint stupid I don't I
don't get it I don't get what's so
interesting about them oh can I just go
ahead and say I'm totally with you yeah
I think the Smurfs suck okay well I
might be going a bit far I mean yo come
on no no they're terrible pointless yeah
that that makes them terrible at their
pointless I mean at least the storks
were underwater an underwater is cool
what the snorts those are the basically
they're underwater Smurfs right with
snorkels on their head right I don't I
don't want to remember those okay they
were a short-lived thing there you go
they came out during during Smurf pipe
you made something just like the Smurfs
but not exactly the Smurfs
we put them under water called a snork
like do you guys your music do you guys
hear music I've been I'm hoping you do
because I have music playing in my
headphones you should be hearing an
album by chris christie dulu the same
guy that did the risk of rain soundtrack
did to this wonderful album called
hexadecimal and I think it's really cool
and we'll be linking to his band camp
age throughout the night
mods could one of you link to Chris
Chris to do it was the guy who did risk
of brain spam campaign because he asked
me to and right so here's what we're
doing I hear music it's quiet though
well yeah that might be a little quiet
I'll turn it up here is what we are
working on tonight we are working on
space cap special effects oh and rich
yeah do you have the the subscriber note
for you Internet yes it's turned out
great so you keep keep on that well I
well I start up the the space company so
one of the things I've been doing here
and I'm just gonna kind of this is I
guess you know a little preface is um
this will not be like a tutorial video
this is literally just work that I'm
doing on space cow like usually in
tutorial videos they'll already have
done the effect and kind of just walk
you through the steps to make sure that
they do it right right but I I'm just
doing work on this and so like I might
have something up it might take me a
long time to get something done but
that's that's good they'll see what the
deal is exactly so
I guess that's what I'm saying is is be
prepared for failure and be prepared for
slowness but it should be a lot of fun
this is something I've been doing a lot
space cop is window and scream
replacements and so if you see over here
is the green screen window for this
scene and this was a little tricky
I'm handed the tricky stuff to to motion
track and so right now I'm in After
Effects this is After Effects CC 2015
and what I'm going to do is export this
clip so this is a pro res clip that Jay
gave to me and I like to work in mocha
for motion tracking and the thing that
mocha really likes is TIFF image
sequences what is a TIFF image sequence
so yeah I mean everyone knows that a
movie is a series of still images you
know put together right bond when it's
like a QuickTime movie it's put together
as a movie but if you export it as a tip
sequence it literally is exported as a
series of still images okay and they are
much higher quality surgeons EEMA Colin
Colin is working on space convey effects
right now hey Colin please was I was
gonna have a good laugh because he's mad
Colin you are a professional and please
be kind and be kind to my level he's
gonna watch this whole thing while
chuckling exactly
okay so what do we have to do
great okay so I'm gonna export this out
as a tip sequence which will just take a
little bit no doohickey you're tweaking
notification came on time this time we
just started a little bit ago I haven't
even done any affecting Jack can you
talk about your trackball thinking of
getting one oh yeah I tweeted a picture
of my little work station right now I
have a if you check our Twitter I have a
bamboo I don't know if it's called
though I call it a Wacom but I think
it's also called a Wacom and so I use a
stylus a tablet stylus what a Wacom what
are you a racist no basically you are
rich funny you must be a racist I just I
just started watching the the wheel of
the worst I haven't even gotten through
it yet and so rich talk to me about your
rampant racism what rant rampant is what
I please oh so anyways our to talk about
my trackball I like my trackball just
because I do a lot of a lot of mouse
work and I find it it works really well
for precision work and
and it's light on my wrist and that's
something that's really important to me
because I just do stuff all the time so
as you see here like normally like a
like a movie like you can see here this
literally just exported every single
frame as a still image which is super
great for from oka because it means all
every single frame is a very high
quality bokeh what are you a racist
what's your problem I'm not the one
who's saying Wacom we could and Wakeham
and mocha alright yeah Colin you were
there for that episode what was going on
in Rich's head I think so also something
really important if you if you motion
track in mocha and you start a project
this is something really really
important is you have to double check
the framerate because as you see here
the framerate is set to 24 frames per
second but if we look at the actual
footage back in After Effects here it's
uh
this is moon mayor 1 if you look right
here the actual frame per second is
23.976 and that kind of that like little
bit of variation will really fuck up
your track so heads up mid there flipper
I've made that mistake a couple times
let me get these out of the way we'll
keep up on okay Oh key b85 future future
Jay cracker man 5 to 6 avi an yo and jr.
collie 22 for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do ok so now
we are in mocha and mocha is a planar
tracker which sounds crazy but what it
means is it's really good at tracking
planes and movements and so what why
would you want a planar tracker not like
a fancier one that could do more stuff
the planar tracker is the fancy one that
doesn't make any sense
oh I get it the planar
Ridge I honestly didn't get that joke
for a second thank you ah what is the
learning curve for something like After
Effects is it hard to pick up if someone
already knows Photoshop a lot of the
basic stuff is the same really just
figuring out you know the
the buttons and brushes do you know
After Effects is all about brushes or
Photoshop is all about brushes After
Effects is more about like layering
effects and you can figure it out if you
already know one it's easy to move to
the other okay so this thing this window
is what we want to track right this
whole wall is what we're on a track and
so I'm going to grab my spline here and
make just basically a really sloppy mask
mmm I'm gonna get sloppy mask on it okay
so that is a pretty good mask and
I've been practicing talking myself
through yeah all of the on the process
so I can just say it out loud okay and
so basically what this exes spline does
this is called the next line is it just
looks at the information inside of the
mask and then when I hit track it will
try to match all of the information
underneath it
and okay literally just that easy and
we're gonna turn on all the little
doohickeys here translation scale
rotation shear in perspective and would
you see how good of a track we get and
already I can see it's it might be
coming up a little bit but we'll see
well see that's right Len flick ocinski
we are the top streamer of space cop
effects I lost it I totally lost if it'd
be sad if we weren't
wouldn't it be yeah okay so because we
know that we are you know this wall is
one plane basically what we're gonna
have to do here is another X plane here
so you know basically we just want to
say like everything
so Jacob at what stage of the movie are
we going to digitally replace me with a
real actor good question good question
uh you know I've been talking with Jay
about that and we've been working on
some options okay cuz I haven't seen any
work but you guys have done that yet I
mean you know we were trying rich we are
honestly trying I know I was just like a
like a like a temp actor right so you
can find somebody
farmer Joe was saying why don't you just
chroma key the green screen Jack we can
we can just chroma key the green screen
what I'm doing right now so obviously
we'll take out the green screen but we
need to put in an image behind the green
screen and it needs to be the exact same
as the camera movement and so basically
what I'm doing right now is telling I'm
telling the computer or I'm letting the
computer figure out what the camera
movement was and then it will match the
the cameraman we could like yes well
just green screen out and actually we I
won't be green screening out the actual
window because if you see here
doo doo doo doo doo hey I'll get a
little closer
Jane Mike didn't paint this screen they
just used green pieces of paper or
painted big green pieces of paper and
today we're great this is a paper we
sprung for the green pane you forced you
sprung for the great thing so
congratulations but what we have here is
these big awful scenes and that might be
a pain - green screen out but if I get a
really solid track on this wall I can
make just one mask on this window and it
will be a perfect mask and you we won't
have to worry about anything I see I see
so this is you know it takes a little
more time to do it this way but if we do
it correctly and I'm hoping oh yeah this
is much better already I can tell
so I'm you know what I do what I did
there is I added this other mask down
here to give Moka more information on
the wall that we're trying to track
people people in the chat are
complaining about lag
what kind of lag buffering I don't know
what that means it keeps freezing up oh
I guess it's not much we can do about it
I don't think oh you know what there
might be something we can do yeah there
might be something we can do about that
okay I don't know why do I might have to
stop and start the stream I might have
um I might not have this dream settings
set up correctly hold on first up I'm
shooting from my Mac today and we
usually don't do that
have we ever done that no no I've never
I've never Oh yep this is totally my
fault
oh don't mind me you you should find I
just changed a setting they were go
sorry about that you should find that uh
it's streaming a little more smoothly
now we can hope we can only hope okay
hope hope against hope all right hold on
oh where was I you guys I'm trying to do
work and you're talking about dreaming
I think by streaming this now I've
reached a new pinnacle in my workaholism
in which I'm bringing work to my work
that's no that's just efficient right
you know I'm trying I'm trying so what
I'm doing here is I'm taking this one
frame at a time because I don't want
Rich's leg to get into the track because
that'll mess up the information that I'm
trying to give to MOCA and so I'm just
waiting I even say like we're getting
and so basically what I can do which is
really awesome is I can just kind of
move this mask here and it'll keep
tracking as if nothing's the matter keep
tracking that's amazing what the
technology can do isn't it beautiful
yeah I never even thought we'd get to a
spot where computers gonna read like
handwriting yeah and they can oh yeah
and so basically all it's doing now is
looking for this windowpane and it's
doing a pretty good job now so this
should be it this is great whoa wrong
setting Jack your yard down what Oh did
the phone did the phone dial numbers
blow up your headphones really apologize
for that hopefully now you can see the
stream more and that's the more
important part now that's the more
important part okay so let's check on
this track so basically what we're
looking for now is that this thing is
like a part of the wall and it looks
pretty good but there's a way we can
double check on that
so here's the fun thing about modern
digital cameras is they have this thing
where if you move them too fast it turns
the world into jello and you might be
seeing that now with this window you'll
see the window kind of wobble a little
bit as the camera moves and that's
really awful but the good news is as we
can see it you know the good news is
MOCA kind of figures that out all right
so I'm gonna set this box here a chant I
think it's too late for me to pull in my
leg to do what
pull in my leg was getting in the way
your mask oh no that's okay if his leg
would have gotten in the way I would
have masked around it and hopefully well
we'll come into some footage where you
can see that work yeah I'm not there
life no we're not filming we're not
filming rich live pretty good so I turn
on this grid here because what I'm
trying to do is make this grid match the
angle of the wall
if I do it right if I do it right so now
if we watch it it should look like this
grid is stuck to the wall basically of
course there's no guarantee that I'm
doing it right yeah but that's okay cuz
this is just what we're doing this is
what we're doing tonight we're working
on space cotton this is your first
official sneak peak at space cop I hope
you're enjoying I hope you're enjoying
this twelve frames at a time you guys
are helping you guys okay so now let's
watch this and save obviously all the
time save let's watch this and see if
this grid is stuck to the wall and it's
looking pretty good
and looking pretty tight you know as you
can see what's what's really interesting
is like just how much the wall you know
the the angle of the wall warps as the
camera kind of zooms and pans up but
this is looking actually pretty good
that's the thing is there's a lot of
information here you know there's a lot
of corners there's a lot of different
colors there's a lot of really good
information for us to work off of so I'm
going to go ahead and call that a win
okay one point for Jack
one point for Jack exactly
one point for Gryffindor I have an iMac
and I've up to the RAM it's I mean my
iMac is I mean how old is this iMac now
it's old it's quidditch the dumbest
thing ever
Quidditch yeah that's that Harry Potter
game you know this is a mid 2011 iMac by
the way have anything to do with Harry
Potter Jack
oh I'm just 100% apologize for any times
I have ever made fun of Jack if I had to
do this editing and my life depended on
it I would be straight up a worm food oh
no piece of trying to make fun of me all
you want that's fine
Quidditch might be the dumbest game ever
but you have to applaud Harry Potter for
coming up with something right like
that's a world building you could come
up with something better let me just
grab the ball and win the game
everything else that happens is
completely irrelevant well see but
you're you're thinking movie Harry
Potter isn't in book it is in book Harry
Potter
Quidditch games lasted like weeks and
sometimes no one would ever catch the
Golden Snitch and you know you would
just have to win by points alone
we're gonna use this we're gonna use
this okay so then what we do is we turn
off that little gear right there and we
lock it down lock it down so that's our
wall track hooray hurrah so now what we
get to do real quick check yeah Dagobah
Dave thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
dig above Dave you missed your chance
what it's technically technically I did
say Dago Oh rich I'm not up on your
racism I haven't seen all the episode
yet technically technically speaking I
said that yes that's true it's
undeniable yeah we have you're cooking
something with vinegar no you're all
done
think about it for a little bit it's
fine don't worry about it it'll come to
you
everything's fine are you just not
mentioning that he's done what did you
say I was reading chat oh I said I said
now if you start cooking something with
vinegar then you're really all done it's
a because there's a racial slur inside
the word vinegar
sometimes and not even that there was no
pole long enough oh no no you should
know you don't even don't don't even
rich I mean some in some wacky context I
could still get away with saying Dago
that's true
take over but that other thing no no no
no no no don't even don't even know
basically all I'm doing here is trying
to make sure that I'm as close to the
edges as possible this is like a shadow
right here and so I kind of want to be
in between there to preserve some of the
shadow because having the natural shadow
helps sell the effect but like you know
there's this there's this like pixely
area between the green screen and the
and the frame and I kind of want to be
right in the middle of that and then
when I blur my mask later hopefully it
will kind of match seamlessly but over
here you can see I have a little more
green so we need to lower that one and
right now I'm using speaking uh going
back to the person who was asking about
my trackball right now I'm using my
trackball which is really nice because I
can get very fine precise movement out
of it without moving my entire wrist or
having the my mouse set to like some
kind of ridiculously low sensitivity
that looks pretty good I don't know how
they're scoring this jack you'll be
happy to know that the checks is one
Jack yeah negative one rich say you're
you're up you're up wait what is it what
did you lose on I don't know I I don't
know hmm okay well that's fine I mean
that's fine I'm drinking both beer and
coffee right now okay
here we go okay so now what we have here
is a really nice mask over the window
right but we don't need to worry about
tracking that mask because we already
have a really good wall track and so all
I do is take this layer which I should
label window mask and link it to the
wall track window so now if the world is
a perfect in just place our nice window
mask you put something goofy outside of
that window I can put anything you want
outside the window that's the magic of
computers like a producting in a bathtub
absolutely that's what you need rich so
as you can see here I made my mask a
little too short for the whole window so
MOCA has a couple really cool things
these little green things right here are
normal keyframes and for anyone who's
worked in After Effects or really any
editing software you know what keyframes
are that change of that any sort of
value over the time of the time frame
but mocha has something called the uber
key where if I made a mistake in my mask
right here I can just click on that uber
key bunk and it changes all keyframes
little bit more over purple space
bazooka thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
and no I'm sorry I'm sorry what else do
I see oh I see a No so it's like no
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do
that should take care of our problem all
right so there's a little futzin we have
to do here but that's fine it's still a
really a really good track sleet snow z
oh I see a no I'm saying like no I'm
looking for it Zook no yeah that's
pretty good
that's pretty good jack is getting
aroused by that window I am are to kiss
Rex I you know you do this often enough
and like it's the little wins and win it
what what you don't understand is before
mocha I would have to do this every
single frame like you know every uh
every single frame I would have to move
that mask to match and now it does it
for me automatically and it's a
beautiful thing but my you know it
jumped off a little bit and so we just
need to adjust it a little bit
Longshanks one thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do you really do still waiting
for you to put something fun on the
window Chan well you know sometimes
filmmaking is so bright so boring in
fact most of the time filmmaking is this
terribly tedious and boring event just
gonna make sure my video game
we're not playing a video game tonight
we're working West base copping space
copying tonight rich
this is a little bit of why of you know
the stuff we've been doing when not
doing all the other stuff happy to go I
know and I think it's important for
people to see like we working on stuff
and this is the kind of shit we do and
this is this is what percentage of the
movie right here exactly this is like
this has been two seconds of footage
right about yeah yeah but if you ever
wonder why I'm my fantasy movies try to
find ways to do things in modern times
like the movie now you know oh no in
Tiberius Kirk I have not done I have
done similar shots before but all the
work you are seeing right now is is I
haven't touched this before there could
be failures which is why it's frankly
taking so long
but that's okay all right so now we just
have to kind of watch and you can see
here we kind of jump a little now over
that threshold we on
see that like over here it's kind of
more in the green up there and then we
move it up and it moves more towards the
gray side of things which is very
nitpicky which is frankly it's important
to me
maybe too much
it might be too much
oh good oh good I'm glad I'm glad you
guys are linking to the music I I
reached out to Chris Christie dulu who
has a very open policy by the way about
streamers using his music for background
music and his policy is totally just
like yeah use it but credit me and you
know let me know ahead of time that
would be really nice and so I sent him a
message today and was like can I use
your music because I listened to it
while doing this work anyway which is
the actual truth and he said totally and
he III know you love that FTL music this
is risk of rain at risk of rain I love
that FCL music as well but this is the
risk of rain and rain original
soundtrack rich you blew it
I misspoke it happens I'm rich Evans
pretty good you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna distract you from that waffle tale
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
there I go wagging the dog wagging the
dog it's a reference to a movie media
all right you know what
it's a movie where the president fakes a
war with the news in order to distract
animals scandal with Dustin Hoffman yes
good dog I know that good nothing in the
window yet why is the window have you
been streaming that long and there's
nothing in the 900 actually it's 9:15
it's been longer than that Oh God well
yeah this is how long I think sometimes
I really like to be precise here because
if you're you know what's what's the the
carpenter saying measure twice cut once
right yeah and so for me all the the
wonderful thing about something like
mocha and really just all of the things
in modern special effects and
compositors is it does a lot of the work
for you and so you can be incredibly
nitpicky and get it right and you know
what for a feature film it's important
to get it all right right
any carpenter should ignore that advice
because every missed every messed up cut
I mean that's that's a lot of free scrap
wood you could take home I mean you
could you could build your own shed in
like a month you're right and that's
more billable hours keep fucking up
those cuts man we gotta we gotta we
gotta make this job last a week you know
if you do it right it'll be like four
days sitting home not making money for
three days that week that's true
you know measure once motherfucker okay
so now that we have our super nice
window mask here I can export the shape
data export mode shape data for a copy
that to the clipboard
and back over to after-effects and it
pays to Malcolm ask Jenny mh-60 4:55
would like me to make sure that you you
know that there is a green screen glare
in my sunglasses that's true it's also
true that a mind thank you for
subscribing and also mr. Pharma Mele
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
those things are all true oh my God look
at that
look at that that's all I can see now oh
I hate you for pointing that out you
know like so there's one green screen
over here and then there's some more
stuff back here but that's pretty
blurred I can take care of that I can
take care of that green screen you just
watch you just watched I'm gonna take
care of that green screen we're gonna do
that on the fly I wasn't even planning
on doing that we're gonna do that right
on the fly that's great okay hey right
now first of all we have some other
stuff to take care of first we have to
just make the green screen happen first
all right yep so now we have our nice
masks and that looks pretty good you're
still seeing some of those green edges
only because I am going to blur them out
I'm going to feather I think I've been
doing for with an expansion of two how
does that look
that looks really nice a feather of four
with an expansion of two and that
basically like fuzz's the edges
great great and so like I could have
green screamed that you know like all
that time I spent making the mask it
could have been like just one plop on
the green screen right yeah but I think
the green screen would have been more
time-intensive because of those because
of those cuts in the paper and I was
already tracking it for they said this
is it oh so this is our this is what's
going in the window right here I can't
see yo you're gonna see it in a second I
hope it's amazing I mean no it's new you
see I mean you've seen it in real life
some try to build suspense here Joe I'm
trying to do my job I'm sorry I'm sorry
you're right yeah okay oh six thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
Colin what he's saying just route around
that glass is refraction reflection and
D saturated yeah that was my plan uh
Colin I have a I have a really cool
program in my red giant color suite
called I think it's color ista called
color rista and that actually you can
set a color and it will change that
color to any other color and it works
really really well and so really all I
was going to do was take that green
screen and make it significantly darker
and have this like bluish tint to it
which is a really cheap way to do it
like if I if I wanted to be really
badass I could put this reflection in
the glasses but there's no way because
that would take a long long time and
nobody's gonna notice that except for
some fuckers on the Internet
okay so now there's a couple ways I can
handle this putting putting the the city
in there I think what I'm gonna do is
first I'm gonna try just taking that
window and exporting basic tracking data
just all that is is the position scale
and rotation of the object if people are
telling me that Jays and lreditor Jay
Jack don't worry about the sunglasses
glare I'll get rid of them when I'm
color grading oh okay listen we're
taking care of it Jay we're taking care
of it
you don't need to worry about it you
need to worry about radio link down we
really appreciate it it's true we do we
really do okay so here's what we're
gonna do do-do-do-do-do we are going to
add a new null object which is this
right here we're gonna rename it window
no we are going to paste all of our
tracking information to that null and so
now you see that little square moving
exactly where we're tracking the shit
before right let me find a good spot
here we can really see that window that
will take our
our moon and we'll put it there
so am I going to do the Cantonese dub
for space comp is that it's not the plan
I wouldn't have it any other way rich
somebody somebody is saying this is
worse than the rich Evans builds a PC
stream you think that was a fine stream
listen you know we we labeled what we
were streaming tonight we made a big
deal out of streaming After Effects and
milca work tonight so I guess you can
deal with it or you could leave you
could do either one yeah I think there
are some people who really enjoy so
really cook what I'm doing here is now
that I have kind of the the the base
here in a position that I wanted to I
take this little Pickwick tool pick whip
it to the no and now it should follow
the knot I think we have some people
here who enjoy this kind of stuff oh my
god that doesn't work at all great and
they're probably really enjoying
themselves yeah just because you're a
dickhead doesn't mean you have to ruin
it for everyone
all right and that doesn't work all that
well but that's fine we can fix it let's
try it yes
let's go - lets go to obsolete basic 3d
and mess with the no not the tilt I
always get these two confused what am I
saying that's not good at all
rich that's not good at all
sorry ersatz human thank you for
subscribing first we have human than a
reference I don't know
first I thought it was you know earth
stairs like a knockoff but it's er s ATZ
o / sets you know what
yeah I think I got it I think I got it
that looks pretty good you know what no
hm that looks pretty good
someone else sing too saying green
screen glare off my gun
no green screen glare everywhere yeah
there's a little green on your gun but
that'll see like the gun they're seeing
like right here there's some green on
the gun yeah that will be taken care of
and color correction easy peasy
that's just that's a I can't even
believe really you would only notice
that if you knew there was a green
screen you know yeah a little bit here I
don't think many people are going to
assume we filmed on the moon I think I
think super green screen involved yeah
the one yeah problem you know what rich
probably but you never know you never
never knew don't there are some dumb
motherfuckers out there people like
Attack of the Clones
that happen that's the thing that
happens I'm just gonna do a quick Ram
preview here to see how this looks see
if it looks all right
oh I'll remember J no problem
the another shot I was working on in the
same scene there were some really there
was some really tricky green screen
effects and so I just what I what I'll
end up doing here is exporting just the
window movement how do you handle handle
like green screen in a foggy room
well I've been dealing with that yes
this does not work at all look you can
see like watch the city it bounces that
does not work at all okay that's okay
we can do something else here you know
it does this really gross bounce that's
okay
we'll deal with that what I did what I
did for those is I actually saw a green
screen to the green screen right but
then I put another layer of the green
screen layer underneath it and color
corrected it so it was a different color
I made it really bright blue and then
when I put this screen in over that I
like changed with the opacity and I
changed the layer effect and so the
smoke still came through because I had
changed the color of the other layer it
was that was actually a really tricky
one but I'm not allowed to show that
moon Shah says well you you edit out the
nerd in the middle of the frame at some
point and you know I'm saying that's
racist that's racist by that well there
you go which is offended and this is a
horrible track this is a horrible
horrible track look at that again
yuck okay so my hope in using the
I don't want to do here and using the
null is not gonna work
I'm just gonna bring anyone in get rid
of this now that did not work okay
that's fine that's fine so we head back
to mocha and here's what I had to do
with the other shots because because our
shot is so bouncy and because we have
this like sheer change you know it's
such a big perspective change you can
you can see it on the mask over here
like how much the bottom dips because we
have that we can't just use the the
trans the the position data right and so
what we need to do here is take our
window mask and turn on our boxee box
link here's our boxee box is that the
technical term that's the technical term
I'm sure there is an actual technical
term but I have no idea what it is I am
NOT a good spokesperson for this product
not only because I don't know what it's
called and so basically what I'm doing
here is I'm taking yeah all right I can
find out what this is called the planar
surface tool it's called whack this way
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do and look now Jim's here
Jim welcome to the pretty boring effects
stream hmm I'm having fun
oh because I enjoy doing this kind of
stuff okay so what I want to do here is
take our planner surface tool and kind
of align it to the window right make it
make it the size of the window make sure
it matches up here too
I like making little noises so we kind
of make it match up to the surface here
we go that is pretty good so then if we
take our what is this one called planar
grid okay so then if we take our grid
tool this should stick pretty nicely to
the wall
flushy patch says i promised to start
paying more attention to windows and
movies well you know a lot of windows in
movies are usually on sets and so what
they'll actually be is like real stuff
out like real fake stuff you know like
any interior shot is probably on a set
yeah in a space movie Oh in his face
movie newer oh oh ya know pay attention
to windows okay I believe Star Trek had
the plaid the backdrops outside next-gen
oh yeah yeah I think those are just big
curtains for holes I would believe it
I would absolutely believe it okay so
now what I'm doing is instead of
exporting basically just the positional
and size data I'm gonna use this blue
box and I'm going to export corner pin
data link like that copy that to
clipboard and basically so now what I
will do is attach these corner pins to
to the shot here and I'll put this right
in front so you guys can see it and I
use a use this lovely program called
mocha import plus from clipboard what
clique did you track one okay and so we
could apply yes and so now what you can
see once I get rid of this I put the the
layer on top is what you can see now it
does a much better job of sticking
actually to the window so now what we
need to do is take our corner pin effect
and you can stretch and expand it so
what I'll do is I'll move it now behind
this get a good look at it and we just
stretch it out until it looks good oh my
god I know so exciting rich
here's the real thing is I really do
think it's exciting I actually did it
no it's neat it's all good
is it is it all good rich I'm gonna say
yes okay great I'm happy I'm happy that
it's all good I stretch out that top
stretch out the left a little bit more
okay but it'll look funny unless we turn
the motion blur on okay so now save
always say let's have a look at this now
you know something's still wrong what is
that shake coming from
am i nervous about doing stuff like this
in front of the talent you know yeah
yeah you know rich rich is really harsh
look I can't complain about anything I'm
the worst aspect of the rich rich is my
harshest critic no I mean like I'm
definitely worried about doing stuff
like this in front of a live audience
I'm not too worried about it though cuz
I'm gonna go ahead and assume that you
guys understand that this is just a long
and tedious process with lots of
mistakes and I'm sure you're gonna be
very kind there is something there is
something that does not look right about
this and I
I'm checking the original the original
footage it actually bounces a little bit
oh that's what it is that's what it is
J you fucker look at this the footage is
bouncy that's what I've been I've been
trying to I've been trying to fix you
know like there's been this little
bounce and I wasn't sure what it was and
it's actually in the footage the footage
that I was given has a little bounce to
it I'm sure there's gotta be a bounce
free couple seconds maybe the answer is
maybe
J says I'll have to get you updated
background elements later yes thank you
Jay no that's what you know what that's
okay that happens that happens all the
time again everyone is gonna be really
understanding that this is a process
right yeah and this is part of the
process here's here's part of the
process heavily fed and today today for
subscribing to the next really how would
you pronounce TD axp - did accident no
you know you don't want to steal picture
because like there is things like this
like this little red light there's an
there's an atmosphere and you know like
you can see it in the the little like
grain speckles there's a human I would
notice something off yes the the human I
would notice that it was a still image
and we wanted to look you know live and
so know what probably happened is while
filming this somebody walks by the
camera and jostle did slightly which is
not a big deal I did that once I'm a
space kappa fact really sorry about that
J and that's okay there's a still shot
I'm sure
so we'll just you know we're gonna do
we're gonna move on to something else we
are gonna save all of that because
here's the really great thing is this
corner pin information is solid right
and so basically all I have to do once
we get once I get the right shot I just
I just replace I replaced this shot with
a nut with with the still shot and boom
boom boom it works in two seconds right
so great will save this and we'll move
on to some channels
shada saying you can stabilize that and
after-effects I know I can stabilize
that the question is would it look
stabilized better better just to wait
for a better or yeah or I just wait for
an already stabilized shot like the
problem with digital stabilization is a
lot of times the image doesn't move but
the motion blur stays there you know
okay and so you have a still image that
suddenly for a couple frames gets fuzzy
yeah yeah that's it
I tell me that was Jim Colin Jim smoked
a bunch of do burrs and bumped bumped
the camera while he was hi Jim
you mother flipper no that's okay
we can get a better shot that's okay we
have all the information so now we just
plug in the good job and it's easy it's
easy peasy lemon squeezy all right so
what are we moving on to now we will
move on
- I've been working on that's fine I've
been working on the space cop cruisers
why oh my lord that is not how to do
that in this program I've been working
on the space cop car all that will save
we will come here and open up this save
again of course always so I did do this
a little bit just to make sure I
remembered how to do this let's see if
it looks halfway decent here and so we
what I am doing here is replacing the
light bars on the space cop car with
with the SyFy lights here let me turn
this off here so you know that we had
these things bolted to the top of the
space cop car yeah get this centered
here and all I am doing is what Jay was
looking for were kind of like what we
need is we need like knots on light bars
and on light bars and these are the not
on light bars they're just white and
eventually I'm gonna have them kind of
like pulsating white but for now they're
just kind of a white glowy thing right
yeah looks pretty cool
but it's not perfect really all I was
doing was making sure that uh are you
making it red flashing science fiction
device no I'm eventually they'll be red
and blue you know they'll be they'll be
just like a cop but for when he's not on
duty or when he's not you know chasing
down the criminals they need to just be
something they need to be non green bars
and so they're this
and so what I did
Jynx Tron you do here the risk of rain
soundtrack and it is one of my most
favorite things to listen to while
working and I got Chris Chris to do lose
permission to stream with it because
he's a super cool guy and he is another
album actually that sounds very similar
to the risk of rain album that is called
hexadecimal also on his band camp we
listen to that a little bit earlier I
have some stuff lined up to listen to
okay so here's what I did here is one I
did is the first thing I'll show ya so
first thing I did it was I tracked the
light bar there then I tracked the front
of the car and then a whole bunch of
other stuff but the light bar doesn't
move exactly the way that I want it to
which is a little upsetting to me
because you know like the car bounces
right it does like this thing and you
know like it gets a little bit of an
angled bounce to it and so it doesn't
move exactly like I want it to the light
bar doesn't over and you know here I'll
show you over an After Effects
hexadecimal not hacks like hex like like
a hexagon hexadecimal but I did not Chad
I did not get pulled over while filming
the movie but but there was one time
when we were filming and I don't really
get pulled over for the cops pulled up
next to us just to check out what was
going on mm-hmm
yeah you know I think they came out and
had to talk with us they said they had a
a call from somebody complaining that
some Muslims were driving around a car
with missiles strapped on it by the
airport so we dig terrorists right
that's hilarious
ABS had a good laugh mate when they saw
us
that's really funny and so this is what
I've been this was just kind of a test
shot and really it looks it looks okay
that might being there's a couple things
they need to fit fix which is like one
the mask over here you'll see the mask
breaks on the window and to the size of
it it grows really big at the end for
some reason it grows a really big at the
end for some reason I get it I get it
was like a sex pun and what all what I'm
doing here is using the video co-pilots
lightsaber effect on your light bars so
this right here is a lightsaber which i
think is really fun yeah see look all it
is is a lightsaber and then I mask out
the front of the car to make it look
like light bars and I think it's really
funny but for some reason it gets bigger
I need to fix that and I don't
necessarily know how but I'll I'll work
on it
just a little bit like here if I change
the thickness
thickness is at 20.6 where's the license
plate number chat far from your prying
eyes right
oh I double-check that before I start in
Street yeah that looks pretty good
okay great so now I just need to fix my
mask I was I was a little sloppy with my
mask here as you can see that in my work
- there we go that'll work - I can just
do them great so that should be one
light bar done do the other one I'm just
gonna do the other one right it's not
that big a deal
the other thing I need to do is much
like the sunglasses there is the
reflection of the light bars on your
windshield and so after I get the light
bars change I need to go back and also
put this white glow over the reflection
of your windshield and that is a much
larger pain in the ass oh yeah I can
imagine but I think this looks pretty
good everyone we're gonna see we're
gonna see
serious question when you shoot
something with a logo like the Ford
badge is there any legal type crap you
have to deal with is that the Ford badge
I think that's the you guys put a
special emblem on a space cub badge over
it yeah you can you can almost a whole
movie though you can kind of see right
here that that is actually not the Ford
badge that is a special emblem that they
put on
but yes you do technically speaking have
to get rid of stuff like that
bolla hecka thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true what we do 14 motherfucking
months in a row bill you're crazy
thank you we really do appreciate it
earlier mochi b85 also 14 months that's
great yeah that was her her her year or
his or her happy Anya sounds like such a
feminine thing I don't know 12 12 months
your air for Suri I think it's great
it's actually pretty good we're gonna
use that okay save them oh come back
into mocha and we are gonna try tracking
this other Djem azor I had I had some
difficulty tracking this and so I had a
different plan but I wanted to try and
Elvis Douglas with a slightly less
impressive 13 months in a row you for
subscribing really it's true we really
do we really do you're coming in third
place buddy
third place you'll always find you'll
never get a month you'll never get a
month on Dula hacker I guess what we're
saying is get your shit together first
being in second place for all time I'm
so sorry
thank you
no no this is something I'm just testing
out because I want to know it's my work
nope this might work nope no not at all
not even a little bit okay
nevermind when I was when I was testing
out this effect way way back in the day
I tracked the side of the car and that
worked a lot better for all the bounds
that you get and I can't track that
that's okay we'll just drag this and
everything will be fine
not a ton of information for a mocha to
deal with but I'm hoping it's just
enough
so we have this little circle here and
his front which is a decent point you
know would have been an average that we
had no way of knowing nobody had any way
of knowing at the time if we had some
sort of like distinct markers on here I
could have tracked it a lot better but
not blamin I ain't blamin oh well those
were painted silver I think of those
original we're gonna be just like it's
gonna be tell it part of light bar
mm-hmm oh I have no idea I have no idea
what's going on
Circle
yet if you mean by stunt-driving that i
just drove around the city next to my
candor Jai's car then yes I did do all
of my own stunt driving when the car is
flying it's it's not really flying so I
can't call that stuck driving yeah whoa
oh you fuck what look at this look what
happens so I I hate track and it it
bounces to the other one oh really
my god like it bounces to the other
light bar because they look so similar
in track what do you what do you what
are you trying to do both at the same
time maybe Oh God get over here no I
just need to I just need to remind it
who's boss here you stay where I put you
I think we just need to start it like a
little different area if you do this
again I'm gonna be mad we did not we
don't I don't think we got permits to
drive around the space cop car but we
did ask the police station nicely so
yeah we're driving around those goofy
car in this area to stay is that okay
you know that's the great thing about
the City of Milwaukee and filming is you
don't need a permit to film on public
property and so you can film stuff like
this out in the open whereas like for
example in LA you need a permit if
you're filming anywhere outdoors like if
you go to a park and film you have to
have
to film there what makes a fair amount
of sense I mean not many people filming
Milwaukee right right but actually was
that was part of a like a big we used to
have a film initiative here in Milwaukee
this mask is just not gonna work you
know where we tried to give tax
incentives to people to film here and it
was a horrible bust but nobody because
nobody cared to film here but a little
different here tracking a larger area
why did that bus jack there's just not
enough information you know it's a solid
gray it's a solid gray sphere or a solid
gray circle and it just it's too blurry
and it confused the computer there is
not enough information what's really
nice to track like for example when I
tracked the front of the space cop car
here lots of harsh contrasted
contrasting areas lots of jagged edges
lots of different color variations a lot
of information for mocha to track right
but then you look up here and it's just
just a grain blob you know oh yeah I
think we do have the space cop badge on
the front of that Ford logo yeah yeah
let's see thinking a little closer I can
enhance zoom in enhance that's
definitely the space cop logo you can
see it right there I'm zooming in
enhancing
you know somebody somebody 3 printed the
couple of a few of those out and send
them to us oh yeah that's really I saw
those those are great someone 3d printed
them yeah we got we got some view side
of it there you go the offhand chance
that you are in the chat right now let's
just stop