Episode 357
Kings Quest, not the new one. Part 1 of 13
September 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEV_PFQw7lk
___________________________________________

do it hit it got us maggot oh no oh no
that's right you didn't you didn't
listen too much no way
many apologies for the delay
all the microphone settings
they got they got switched around when
the commentary track got filmed and
where did said about today we had said
is they had it set to commentator said
any apologies
but quince Omni at thank you
I know we've had this problem with das
games before game on you just just like
the lowest you can possibly make it go
there you go that should be almost like
a possible okay now now after we've said
the lowest it's the possible you can go
how is it now it's terrible
I'm sure it's stable
it's you know what rich it's always
something I'm gonna restart the game
chickens we can see DT story you know
what burger Bonanza I can't explain why
rich and I are terribly quiet you just
have to turn up on your end I'm very
sorry we're listening on our end and it
sounded sort eloquent okay we are up in
OBS it's DOS game I'm muting the game
sound you're just gonna have to hear
microphone oh well they said they said
it was fine after you alright the game
son was fine right now against us back
and we're quite
oh you fucking die
Thank You dick dick neutral says we
sound fine it sounds much better yeah
everything's fine everything's time
great great
okay there we go
alright you should to be rolling don't
we have we have narration it's gonna
happen oh god oh god oh my god
any moment now it's gonna pop up okay so
so wood ian is a lonely lad of seventeen
was lived for as long as he can remember
with an evil and cruel wizard by the
name of Manon and rhodium gazes upon the
countryside of Lulu and Manon and treats
the poor boy like his slave ordering him
about constantly threatening him and
refusing to ever let him leave the
premises often would Ian wonders who he
really is and how he came to live with
gotta go faster man I have to got my
narration on Jack evil wizard Oh
hit it suddenly the front door opens and
why are you not working by their wizard
snares good in mumbles a thing to apply
you have to do good in
okay well this is not the kitchen floor
is filled Oh
Oh the question floor is filthy oh they
don't let you well I think what's the
game proper start setting sure this is
just the the opening good we haven't
technically start or anything no such as
the story of young Williams life to this
point what's a poor boy to do oh well in
resignation would Ian obediently follows
Menon into the house man the house of
evil wizards and chickens chickens all
right we're in the house okay there's a
cat what do you wanna do Jack there's a
cat go pet the cat the thought of doing
anything nice to that obscene ball of
fur makes you sick oh well yeah we know
the music was playing over and over and
over again we're very sorry about that
but the music is over now inside the
house KitKat
why are you kicking the cat hey we don't
like the cat that's been established by
the narration yeah but that doesn't mean
we kick it we just leave it alone pick
up the cat get no gagging something
weird the despicable cat slips away from
your grasp for the fear scratch to your
arm would you then these stupid cat you
stupid fucking can
Kevin zero yes we have the book for the
game open and ready it has like spells
and shit in it look around this is the
main we need a voice for this kid young
slave boy what do we got what do we got
jack'd
what kind of like this sir quantum like
like an English chop can you can you go
a little paw high pitch go and look an
English chop not that high pitch i
bitched something in the bin err I'm
fucked I'm gonna go to my bus Palmer
Courtney okay
sure this is the Moines
to the wizard's house door was to the
south quickie stairs go upstairs and
always lead north and east is that
terrible enough or is that too not
terribly they're like Yellow Submarine
Paul where he's kind of bored this is
the main entry room house doors to the
South creaky stairs go up stairs and
doorways lead north and east okay
there's a moose jack dad that's the most
okay
moose noise the Moo said very carefully
what you say it's not button Oh Edie you
do feel sorry for the poor thing though
okay look around this is one eighths
ismir's
yeah of course not supposed to eat here
you wait in the kitchen there's a table
and benches long enough to see at least
ten people but there was never had any
guests for dinner boys it's just gonna
be however it ends up that's how it ends
up I don't know it's fine I don't give a
shit so good that's a good narrator
voice oh that damn cat is there again
like the cat on fire
you don't you don't want me to kick the
cat but you want me to like the cat on
fire he's just sitting there in the
fireplace don't like the cannon fire
Paul Chryst go I I might do some more
After Effects James yeah kitchen is a
wizard's this is the kitchen or the
Wizards house other than your own bed
Jim this is the only place in the house
that you feel you can call your own the
voice just morphs constantly yeah you're
pretty bad I get up I'm terrible at
accents that's why it's fun you can call
your own it was it rarely enters the
kitchen and cold days a fireplace is a
cozy place to sit
but I'm swimming it will stabilize at
some point
maybe oh rich we have someone who got
mark of the ninja because of you playing
it oh my god I was playing it terrible
what did you think it says a jack tell
rich that he got me suckered into mark
of the ninja and I don't hate him for it
okay I've had something of bread some
fruit and a mutton chop on the table
take mutton job you take the chop and
carry it with you yeah now we got a job
chop it up jam it up jam it up look at
chop we'll get bread you see nothing
special this is a leftover mutton chop
old wizard out and finished eating it
still looks appetizing though no rich
can't do is sunny voice that's that's a
special police quest
yes that's police fascist voice yeah
video and we be towing what voice I'm
doing cuz I think it's terrible isn't
getting vetoed rich you just you need
you need confidence in yourself
I have even if it's terrible I have none
that's what you need to do dick dick my
snack tonight is is an ass energy drink
I'm mad I'm not bering tonight moaning
is a very anonymous very private with
his study and doesn't want keep poking
around rude i don't know now i'm
non-canadian forget the udo disk is
covered with his wharton implements and
i'm not in the corner is shorten the
rear wall the bookshelves are fear with
books in every subject there was it
fancies himself to be quite a scholar
you that was like that was like a
European tour hey
what's a flash bar why should we press
the flash bar the last best of the worst
you know what I didn't finish watching
it I'm sorry I'm I'm very sorry oh yeah
greeted hidden you were assigned a straw
you know what happens to lazy boys
feminine shakes his head and disgust
the kitchen is still dirty when will you
learn to obey up goes the dreaded finger
symphony Zoop clappity to get into goop
that's the magic word spell alright
like like a bad little boy you need to
spend some time in your room
I rent a room okay suddenly for myself
when you're only a room you notice that
the door is closed door is locked
oh look around she wrote beautiful
bedchamber compared to modern runs
foreign realm for the ones also most to
sell the bet is odd and uncomfortable
and with only a third bed blanket and a
small flat pillow the other furnishings
are dock but as poor as it is it's your
own even was the wizard never enters it
oh so it was safe from the wizard oh I
think that's what the game is songs the
wizard never enters Ivan Ivan Ivan it's
here only even sure it's it's yes that's
what I'm going with
all right what's the straw poll say for
riches narrator voice let me check that
get rid of it now hold on they're saying
those people like Paul McCartney that's
not Paul McCartney well the it's Paul
McCartney or they want Michael Caine you
know what Mike okay I'm sure there's
more characters I know there's what's
someone this one
okay so it better be good okay you want
do Michael Caine for the narration sure
do you want to not do that hold on uh
what do we do when we pull the bed is
nothing more than a Colton had n cold
and is difficult to sleep on your pillow
is small flat and made of old rags I
think that's much better
yeah I like that you like Michael Caine
better I'm better than Meade not doing I
just have to constantly remind myself
with what do we do when we fall right
everyone wants Michael Caine
okay great oh oh yeah click at that
bedroom door the old wizard has decided
to free you
by magically unlocking your door that's
fine narrator voice I'm going for
soothing but never what you you have
nothing of interest in that drawer poor
small boy so I think we should clean
that kitchen that's what he wanted right
I think I have no idea it sounds like an
audiobook yeah that's what I mean I
don't know what I'm doing the wizard
that was its oh it's him again am I
supposed to be the boy for the narration
sure even so he just stared at me and
left he didn't say a word
I like that jiggle you got going on
there boy
gwenna didn't that's your name
what wait it in I have decided to take a
javi
bad I mean every voice to do is bad no
that's bad - you don't you don't like my
voice
huh you I mean one should do one then
the other student I think you need to
find a better boy voice you can pull it
out pull it out of your heart rich
because I like my wizard voice that's my
wheelhouse old and scrapped okay but
he's taking a Jimmy
yeah I agree rich needs to narrate and
I'll be the wizard okay so you got you
gotta find the owner just do generic
narrator I suppose you know what you
need to go for like like generic hero
boy you know matter 'non is very private
with this study and doesn't like you
poking around the huge oak desk is
covered with his writing implements said
you know what that's that's a perfect
narrator cuz it's like a hint of Sonny
bonds but like but like a fantasy Sonny
bonds great there's an oak cabinet was
in the corner there is a shot on the
rear ball the bookshelves are filled
with books in every subject there was it
fancies himself to be quite a scholar
there we go
that's nice that's it you know what that
is that's almost like Carrie l use in
Princess Bride that's very nice Cary
Grant
yeah little Carrie maybe I'll do Gary
grins look at books so many books line
me in a bookshelf you wonder when Manon
has time to read them all the titles
cover many subjects from ancient Arabic
mythology to a study of the heavens to
the velocities of Socrates also known as
so-crates secretaries suck my cock and
give again I would love it if you sucked
my gang Cary Grant he was a game wasn't
he a sum all those old-time B stars were
gay I just make that assumption
why not that's the real question okay so
we should go clean the kitchen is what
we were doing right we're doing that
have you - you tell me I don't know what
we're doing we're in this together Jack
the wizard went he wanted a journey on a
journey if they're telling us what to do
don't listen to them this is supposed to
be your exploration of this game more
than my own because I've played this
once ages ago okay no no and they they
haven't told they haven't told me
anything about what to do yet so our
room is a magical place this is the
kitchen of the Wizards house other than
your own bedchamber this is the only
place in the house that you feel you can
call your own there was it rarely enters
the kitchen on cold days the fireplace
is a cozy place to sit well we should go
sit by the fireplace I think look at
fireplace it is as Wow it is as it is it
it is as now summer the need to light a
fire and cook hot food was diminished
the fireplaces at the moment not burning
mmm not burning that fireplace
when was this game released I want to
say here I can look that up for you
really quickly this game was released
1986 or cleaning or cleaning the kitchen
great this was 1986 a a text e type e
adventure game e while we clean the
kitchen as someone who was asking
earlier whether or not I was gonna do
another After Effects dream and yes yeah
I'll do more of those I thought that was
rather fun and by the way I did figure
out how to make the light bars bounce
and rotate oh good it took me it took me
all the next day but I figured it out
and so now they're going very smoothly
bada yeah I'll do more of those people
seem to enjoy that and I definitely
just enjoy working more so yeah we'll do
more those are fun so I think I think we
need to explore where do you want to go
check oh so we are downstairs now
yep what's on the first floor we've only
been in our room on the first floor
how many shots require those light bars
several we see the space cop car often
yeah stick lords I did an aftereffect
stream it went fine and we didn't get
any bad emails or anything start at the
top the house pinky
what the hell is that I don't as a girl
look at that like it's a reflection in
the mirror that's awesome imperfections
in the glass make your reflection wavy
nevertheless your drag show up all too
clearly but though in rags your face is
handsome and your body strong damn girl
you look at man's elegant bedchamber you
see the furnishings from a regal bed to
a beautifully gob closet you can't help
but compare this handsome room to your
own meager cubicle should talk about
that maybe maybe man and spends a lot of
time in that closet yeah I don't look at
in bed sheets things a little that's
funny yes startled to discover at
ancient parchment scroll it's ink is
faded but it seems to be a male taking
this treasure you leave everything else
exactly as it was nice nice
you bang the drug against your shins
repeatedly try backing up come on that's
funny I like that you find bubbles and
trinkets which do not interest you
suddenly your eyes fall on something
that does buy a labelled rose petal
essence which you eagerly take clothes
well fuck you it's close close me rich
but I know ooh check out the chamber pot
where chamber pot has had no yeah you
know man's chamber bud is on the floor
beside his bed oh my god look inside
where yes yes what's aware what's aware
it's a small jar in the very front of
the mahogany vanity open drawer in the
vanity draw many uninteresting items
although the Wizards hand mirror may
come in handy you grab it then close the
drawer
great I like it
we got a mirror we got essence of rose
petals we got like a faded old wizard
map thing right we are fucking on our
way we are on our motherfucking way Oh
directory
this game is old britches got a hack his
own computer I think to get it on there
oh hey Jack you Skrillex ZipZap you are
here in the chat thanks for sending me
that the CD I'm enjoying it I don't know
if I told you that last time saving
might be a problem
why is saving a problem because wanting
to be a problem can you do just like see
: or ketone slash desktop just save it
to the desktop this is the DOS era
there is no such thing as a desktop can
you hop out of here and create a
directory in your in your C Drive to
save it into I know there's a games so
there's an e games folder wait maybe
what's that / that earlier maybe that's
what it's throwing us off everything's
fine dos box I think makes a fake C
Drive so this isn't going to I don't
think this is going to Qatar up my
fucking hey we'll go back in later it's
fine
all right everything's fine we are on ah
where to Jack way okay well now we go
upstairs that fucking cat though gouge
cat's eyes out he's fine you were so
against injuring that cat earlier you're
not looking you want to kill the cat I'm
saying it out of basically I know that
cat is gonna rat on you later right move
can't move can't I can't get up the
stairs it oh yeah
the count is in the way I think so yeah
Oh kisses can't touch them retreat go up
there and type in remove cat god he's
going the wrong way because the
compelling gameplay oh god I'm gonna hit
the cat again
pussy pass oh hey what's that thing in
the ground you've entered the musty
tower of the old Wizards house a
polished brass telescope is directed out
a window from here
Madden inspires upon the poor occupants
of the low end or the loot load or loot
of town Ludo Ludo so it's second oh it's
longer what's that thing
booth it look at floor you see nothing
on the dusty floor but a dead fly you
take the bed fine get flying goodbye
absolutely no pick up the dead fly and
drop it into your hand disgustedly you
look at it I don't want to carry around
the dead fly you think picking off its
wings you throw the rest away
what we have fly wings now we have fly
wings yes
what the fuck kind of game is this oh
who needs this whole dead fly I'll just
take power to the dead flies fine but
your eye on the glass this it means it
amazes you hub near everything seems you
can even see squirrels climbing faraway
trees no one of the wizard knows all
activities in nude or perfect smear own
shit on telescope really fair when the
wizard looks in it later okay cat cat
really can you get in front of the cat
I'm trying oh god the cat let me go nope
Oh God really
the amazing cat adventures of 1986 this
is the only thing they can think of to
pad the game length everywhere you go
the cat's gonna get in the way that's
amazing that's amazing
the only thing over there was a room
right I think so head back there just a
double check yeah okay so upstairs a
telescope bedroom bedroom and then
downstairs is the kitchen and dining
room area so I guess I head into the
dining room
dining room owners office
oh is that a door up there or you know
Salim did we go on that one
that is the egress the egress the exit
to the house fuck it let's go play with
some chickens the lone mountain rises
from the force of new door to this cloud
encircled beak there was the somber
house of Manon n ru and he reside many
men might be my favorite name a couple
of chickens strut about that chicken
coop as all chickens do they pick
scratch and cluck the pool things that
will end up was the old wizards dinner
one day there's a bag of chicken feet
behind the fence beside the chicken coop
let's meet let's feed those fucking
chickens fuck yeah fuck yeah fuck yeah
feeding chickens we're feeding the
chickens yeah yeah you know we're from
that chicken poop put it in your pocket
put put it in your pocket chicken poop
save it for later but don't eat it can
you go in the chicken coop Cyril
instigate yeah get chicken what
those little varmints go in the chicken
coop okay get in a chicken coop ee i was
the same thing they said earlier alright
okay
well see one do out here dead oh we fed
the chickens and we couldn't get
anything out of the chickens and you
don't think you can catch the chickens
right well do you have an idea and how
do you wan do well you wanna do jackal
esteem teamwork I'm trying I'm trying to
think so I mean I have a vague idea of
what goes on in this game so I'm not
keeping mom oh okay um have we looked at
everything in our inventory yet fly
wings mirror rose essence and a magic
map should we look at the Magic Man okay
magic maps ink has faded away so so far
it isn't much help
Oh have six syllable word what f8 put
away the map the fucking teleport let's
do it the map looks blank there
obviously we're gonna need to fill the
city okay let's just see what happens
let's teleport to random shit it's gonna
be great and so it shall be
yes we would put away the map it would
be an epic putting away of maps what are
we doing going back in the house or are
we going down we can go down this path
let's fucking let's go downtown all
right do it
downtown this child this is our first
time out of our house
yes how old are we eighteen you're a man
basically you're a man but also slave
you're a man but also a slave
old enough to fight and you're old
enough to shave you're a man but no one
owns you the man around town won't tell
you what to do no more
without race who's gonna come in on this
but that's fine we want no more yummy to
ruin that song to this I make how many
songs must I ruin Jack all of them okay
we're outside what is this a real place
look around okay
low mountain Rises sharply from the
forest floor it's jagged peak encircled
by dark clouds treacherous path winds
its way up to the steep mountainside you
win the wizard Manhattan and this Manh
man then yeah man it is right live at
the top of this peak fuck this peak I'm
out of here
all right left right up down follow the
path follow the path all right path to
glory different game all the path
heavens glory ended oh there's no more
glory oh shit oh shit run away and cry
the bath ended what's the problem I
can't run away
can we cry say can we say sit and cry
what's a cry no okay what we're a man
what's a cry
you can't sit and pray you're a man
venture you're a man now you better act
like it okay
I don't hold on tree that's just like a
woodpecker an old dumb down let's go
down go down this path went somewhere Oh
oh my god that's this three clothes
bears yeah Papa Bear exclaim what a
beautiful day for a stroll through the
forest do do we live in a storybook
village fantasy we just we just met the
motherfucking three bears get their
autograph yes we we bet the three bears
shit doc that's crazy
well fuck let's go eat their porridge
let's see what happens this is the
comfortable home of the three beds a
well-tended flower garden grows out
front hmm take a flower they're lovely
flowers growing in this well-tended
garden a sweet sentient beautiful colors
delight you take a flower take a fucking
flower step on the flowers take the
flowers you wouldn't want to spoil the
lovely flower bed by picking one I would
are you going in this house I mean it we
have to right save though cuz the bears
might hate it I did okay good
Jack what it's exactly what you'd expect
you're in the charming home of the three
bears
mama bear certainly does keep her house
nice and cozy right there are also three
bowls of porridge um eat this small bowl
forage that one's just right look at
share shares are arranged in a cozy
conversational grouping around the
dining table
come on some porridge there are three
bowls of forage on the table you're
surprised at bears eat porridge we
thought the ate honey and berries that's
funny he eat the porridge I mean I kind
of got I either porridge
what's a two-hours that's the only
reason I knew how to spell it is because
you spelled it right the first time
taste the bar to decide that this bowl
of porridge is just right we did this
out of order oh no well we knew you take
another bite then another and another
before you realize it you have down the
entire bowl yeah don't don't eat that
board it's gonna be too cold don't do it
it's aces fortune you decided this bowl
of porridge is much do you call me
fucking we knew that rich you don't need
to go through the motions wait we don't
we're just skipping I'm just skipping
this whole fairy tale the poor joke yeah
go upstairs we know that shit yeah the
chair is just right yeah you you have no
soul III get the bit and it's like oh I
guess it wasn't just right looks like
Papa bear's a bullshit builder get a
better job
carpenter motherfucker you broke baby
bears chair
I can't believe you broke baby bears
chair what okay I guess you are a
grown-ass man and you're sitting in a
baby's chair well they're Jade bears
baby chairs grown-ass man Sharon barely
it was just right are we going through
with this I'm gonna steal their shit
that's wrong with this drawer of they
won't let me get to open the door among
the clothes you see a pretty southern
thimble or mm-hmm
take it ours now I'm with you
dreamer dreamer TK I'd be pissed if
someone ate all my food and broke my
shit too but also like they just left
the Bulls there and went for a walk does
anyone eat that I guess we are the
dickhead here we're we're just going
into people's houses stealing thimbles
like technically we're not even on a
quest right now right well I think we
want to get away from that wizard well
that's the general gist of it so we're
just farting around there's no there's
no end goal beyond stop being a slave
right yeah okay
I bought that what you're right I was
victim-blaming and my apologies it's
just weird that they left all their
porridge out oh that's right there's a
time limit of some sort on this game I
forgot about that
there's a time limit we have to do
something before so many days or
something oh shit oh it's possible we
might fuck ourselves to this game yeah
by the way by eating chat by eating that
porridge
did I fuck this game I'm looking i'm
reading the
we apparently man Ihnen kills everyone
on their 18th birthday ok so so we have
that so we need to not make it to 18 I
just wanna know about that porch you
know it's quite possible by fucking the
porch yes yes richer the game is
unwinnable now ok is that true I think
so I was one of the things I might
remember can you go back you haven't
been doing multiple savestates you've
been saving over your save file oh I
thought I did
must not have saved I thought I did a
second one it's not that big a deal well
not that far away the porridge was a key
item yep what is that oh we need to take
the porridge mm-hmm oh well shit
well shit motherfucker I'm so sorry
ok I made you eat the porridge that's
mom that's on me I know
but of course you listen to me I'm
letting you do what you want to do it
was like I said like I have a vague
familiarity oh yeah nice table viously
stop me from ruining if I'm I thought it
might spawn later if we do it later but
I forgot there's a time limit and and
what not a button and whatnot yeah you
know what yeah
okay great that's okay we'll go back in
there we'll take the porridge everything
will be fine
while we go back and take the porridge I
did want to give people a small update
Oh what these two are certainly unsavory
robes they look like they'd robbed you
blind yes good probably well what what
recovering from a whack on the head of
the hands of the bandits you stand
unsteadily taking stock of your holdings
you discover that all of your
possessions have been stolen what well
that sucks what that can happen
apparently so if you see him you just
run away then I remember less of that's
crazy that's crazy okay I'll tell the
story again I wanted to update everyone
if anyone was around when I was talking
about the swindle and how the people of
red curve digital weren't getting back
to me hmm
finally after my fourth attempt to
contact them yep they emailed me back
about this window and the gamebreaking
glitch and they are working on it they
don't have a date for the patch yet but
they are they know about it and they're
working on it okay and they're planning
on fixing it but there's no discernable
date obviously frustrating but you know
nice of them to get back to me finally I
forgot what the glitch even was it was
like my character would teleport through
space oh yeah for no discernible reason
and obviously that's very annoying by
pressing a button that was supposed to
do other things it would teleport me I'm
much quieter than rich then I will move
my microphone also Rich's is lava in
general
oh and apparently man and man gave us a
time when he would be back
oh I don't recall when that was I don't
recall either now the parish didn't
leave that door Oh everything's
different now we'll see
Jack you Skrillex wants to know what the
next review is it's gonna be something I
can tell you we're filming the next
review on Friday yeah scram we're not
interested what all right all right in
the porch okay so you gotta wait for
them to go for a walk so we come back
later I forgot there were randomized
things that are so weird you have to be
ready to hit the map key so you can
teleport if the burglars appear okay
that's what we gotta do
great thank you well you could I seem to
recall there being away you can steal
your items back from them I could be
wrong about that did you you reload it a
save right yeah I don't feel like
fucking around with it now okay start
Bhimsen yes our next previously recorded
review is about boyhood the video game
have you played boyhood the video game
no it's pretty pretty intense pretty
pretty intense
oh and yeah I know mr. try smile you're
trying to it like we definitely don't
want spoilers and you're right I we need
to ask for help before before you give
it to us so like mr. Schad smiles right
to do this sort of spoilery stuff map Oh
key for the map what keys the map I
don't know but like there's certain
stuff like that like you know quick
teleporting and whatnot that that's kind
of just like basic knowledge stuff so we
like that we can allow but okay it's
tough so f4 will get us to the inventory
which will get me to the map okay f4 so
and it was right of them to delete
spoilers we're trying not to have the
game spoiled for us but but like stuff
like that just like shit we should know
on how to work the game gray area take
it or leave it
don't nobody say what time the wizard
gets back okay I don't know if I think I
think it might be randomized when he
comes back do something ah we don't want
that shit actually there do we
oh damn it we had a chance since you're
dead
thank you for blanking does not have a
chance
Wow oh shit I didn't save since the bear
aren't oh fuck fuck my life
rich FML FML forever what's rule number
one always be saving no that's what
number two will never want to look
around
rule 2 is always be saving to get it
together leave your house bears you
stupid bear come on bears Oh what she's
up ten in the garden oh look at it ass
look at that bear Oh lovely flowers
growing in this well-tended garden a
sweet scent and beautiful colors delight
you to your surprise you see a bear
wearing a dress working in the garden
must be mama bear mama bar mama bear
growls at you as you near the flowerbed
let her stay away from it and her oh
there you go
can't get out of it your cordial your
cardio greetings annoys the bear and she
growls back do you want to through it
readings yourself young man and stay out
of my garden
oh no I never fully clothed bears come
in here mama bear say
spying on bears spying on bears
housebreaker we're gonna get that bears
house we're just doing recon right now
um use mirror you look cute huh
whatever dues that had that didn't work
do it
I hid under so fast how you skip the
text I don't know what happened no get
it together
trying rich bandits
I mean your magic map is awesome
yeah we're now this junkie he was trying
to hold up the mirror he was just doing
a piss-poor job of it
exceptin use mirror use mirrors what
using it on yourself you wouldn't you
typed in a holdup mirror nothing
happened right yeah so really it's
getting old is it a little bit old yeah
yeah little bit
I like this shortly after this Sierra
games started pausing when you started
talking uh which was nice very nice
mm-hmm
yeah we'll go back to the Bears house
but we need the Bears to leave we'll go
back and get the porridge in the Finn
ball is that Medusa right there is that
a rock that's a rock that's a fucking
rock what is that a rock okay ready for
nothing
do we we grabbed it
yes oh did you just type it wrong
I don't know cute oh she's gone no
that's weird all right try again
what here we go again
what here we go again here we go here we
go here we go y'all here we go here we
go here we go girl
rich yeah have you heard of a thing in
Mass Effect Wow Jesus Christ hauled the
indoctrination Theory ending it's
bullshit yeah it's fan wink it and Wang
fan Wang family yep okay you believe it
to be fan wink it's just and it's just
as unsatisfying as the actual ending
because there's absolutely no resolution
at all with the indoctrination theory
okay so it's useless fan wag I had
someone on Twitter want to know your
thoughts on that and because I don't
know I think about Mass Effect I could
not answer so what is the indoctrination
theory at the ending it's not the real
ending because your brain is controlled
by the monsters because there are
they're monsters that corrupt your mind
oh that the entire ending is actually in
your head and there's no resolution
because you've just gotten converted by
the enemy it's certainly it's certainly
not intended at least we can get that
fuck
oh we got an OE hey game is kicking my
ass yeah I see that you know what I see
that oh the porch is gone
what there's no porridge where the fuck
is there why is there no porridge do you
need the porridge we need the porch okay
well shit did they make it again I hope
so that might have respond last time
then if that's kind of shit that happens
sure sure what bamboo oh yeah we should
go try to buy a gun and then we can
shoot the bandits good idea Dino spumoni
good yeah fucking Porsche right
what's the where's that's what they got
what's a where's no porridge
no porridge Jack wait till they make
porridge again they're bears they eat
porridge oh oh step in the flowers yeah
no you step all over those flowers okay
what's our medusa plan here because
apparently well yeah oh yeah one save
make a news I want to see what it says
when I typing
this game was much more obnoxious than I
remember it being I can't even believe
this I I love this game back in the day
no it's just fuckin with me hold on I'm
looking at the manual see if I can find
anything in the manual here
Oh flying like an eagle or a fly
understanding the head of porch huh we
have our porch well I decided to spawn
brand because this random this random
shit is annoying me but we still have
the thimble yep okay so just save after
you get the pores and make sure porridge
great Jesus Christ causing a deep sleep
yeah I'm seeing spells here yep
transforming another into a cat brewing
a storm becoming invisible I have a
spell book alright use mirror doesn't
seem to be working
I must text that I skipped I want to see
what it says that might give me more
information okay and we've saved so yeah
okay great alright basically I just want
to see what it says at this point sure
and if you turn away she doesn't get you
okay too far away
yay nice okay that was your problem
averting your eyes you aim the Wizards
hand mirrored Medusa's face scream
pierces the air she be holds her own
hideous reflection then nothing you've
dared to look we do sighs turn to
something to stone yeah you did it yay
now take Medusa oh you've seen one rod
you've seen them all
push it over even as a statue
Medusa isn't described ugly ugly now
push it crack it kick it fuck it
spit it what
all right fucking leave her then save it
fuck you fuck yeah do believe there's a
a joke in one of the Space Quest games
where you can grab a ladder you can just
pick the whole ladder up and shove in
your pocket nice what desert
yeah you've entered the great desert
what what a weird fantasy setting you
know usually fantasy is like you know
forests and mountains and stuff desert
that's weird
all manner of snakes and lizards and
shit right assuming we can't touch the
stones like the snake do we need a snake
thing let me look at my potions yeah
Jack you're skipping ahead oh that's
fine we haven't even discovered the
actual spell book but I'm okay with this
oh okay I thought that it's the time
saver that's what the I thought that's
what the manual is for it is Alice it's
just kind of narrative dissonance but
you know we don't know her character she
knows nothing about filming bandits
bandits I like that I like the the whole
uncovering a map yeah while exploring
bit
that's cool making hindsight I'm more
fond of please West Oh God that
back-in-the-day I love this one though I
think it's just so much to do
sure I think I think the spell books
really clever police quest was right to
the point you know yeah let's be police
Wow what what what what kind of what
kind of ingredients do we need Jack well
I'm assuming we need a skeleton of some
kind
uh oh I didn't look I didn't look at the
agrees cuz you told me no no go ahead
god I don't give a shit at this point
let's see here understand cats out of
the bag the language of creatures we
need a small feather from a bird a tuft
of fur from any animal one dried reptile
skin so we might need to like get a
snake scanners okay a rounded spoonful
of powdered fish bone a thimble full of
do like a tree we need do you look up
into the towering oak tree you can only
see large spreading branches and thick
leaves looking down you see a small hole
between the trees large roots look at
hole yeah you know this is going nuts
it's nothing of Industry there's nothing
of interest here just some a cone
scattered around this old oak tree let's
see here you pick and folk among the
fallen acorns looking for dried ones you
don't find any these are all newly
fallen mmm apparently he knows he needs
to dry to a core and even though he
doesn't know about smoking there's
narrative dissonance going all over the
place right jack I can't stand it let's
see if we mean and that's just one one
thing let's see we need a tail feather
from an eagle we need a saffron rose
petal essence we got that salt grains
dried mistletoe rounded stone of unusual
color dried acorns oh this is causing a
deep sleep dried acorns
nightshade juice
and an empty pouch I mean you lied on
the ground and reached into the small
hole you feel around inside the hollow
tree and discover a rope stretching up
in the ropes ropes stretching up into
the tree you bought into your amazement
of rope ladder falls from the branches
above what fuck yeah that tree is open
for business
what what