Episode 358
Kings Quest, not the new one. Part 2 of 13
September 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwH93KyIYrA
___________________________________________

yes save oh no oh you've entered the
bandits hideout one of them is sleeping
at a small table fuck yeah
oh the hideout is made of rough planks
sparsely furnished with a table and
chair and a small wouldn't been in the
corner get in dig around in it dig
around in the band and there's something
on the table leather coin purse laying
on top of a wobbly tip wobbly hmm I'm
gonna guess that's a tramp yeah that's
gonna wake him up yeah yeah you slowly
lift lid and hope the squeaky hinges do
not wake the bandit so it's been fuck
you know I think the search isn't a
thing you can do yeah sure this huh just
look oh there's nothing in the bin
there's nothing in the bin I think
that's how you get your stolen items
back that would make sense
save and then try to steal the coin did
not take the last time I tried to save
her that is from nauseous okay here we
go carefully lift going first off the
table practically out from under the
sleeping bandits nose yonk peace
motherfucker I got your coin purse I
stole from the thief yeah you oh here
right twig Zink next time we'll try to
dick punch him and dick punch be on the
lookout for a rounded stone of unusual
color
I can open a I'm sure that's around here
somewhere okay what time do we need to
get back I mean we should we head back
and we can always teleport back right to
the to the to the trail yeah I don't
know I'm gonna say at 30 minutes okay
before 30 minutes we probably need to be
back put that anchor in your pocket we
probably need that later we can do that
oh we need to ocean water yeah we have
enough ingredients for anything no no we
don't that's not good oh we need a
spoonful of cactus juice oh shoot
we need a jar of lard one what oh and we
need them I mean for any of these spells
we need a magic wand okay
so I mean we're yeah we got nothing it
is the moral of the story here
we've got nothing we have to be back for
the whisperers yeah what if it won't
shit
yeah dick neutral we that we when we
were in the desert we knew there was a
cactus around well yeah so we know where
we can get cactus juice in that's it I
don't know we don't know we don't know
we need we need a lot of shit that we
and we got none of it that's the real
thing to the fucking house yeah
No
wait what you're fucking up yeah next
thing next time save at the base next
time save at the base so you know
what I've been playing a little bit of
what convoy yeah remember that convoy
game it's like Mad Max II FTL eft Ellie
yeah I finally beat it uneasy and you
know what I'm laying in it yeah I think
I think after seeing Mad Max it made me
like appreciate it a little more now
like I can put my own narrative into it
well they were working on that before
the movie came up fortunate for them
very fortunate but I got a little more
play time into it and finally kind of
understood you know like where's FTL you
have this constant you have to always
move forward right yeah in convoy you
you can fuck around like the the
important things that you need to gather
that can happen at any time you know and
so in fact you have to fuck around a
little bit to just build up your
resources come and that was my problem
initially playing it it was going right
for the main objectives but I was
fucking around to play does that make it
grindy huh does that make it grindy you
know it's it's kind of the same sort of
grind that can happen in FTL where it's
it's less grindy and more farmy you know
that's you can't see where you're going
that's that's that's I'm gonna call this
bullshit that's a little bullshit you
need to save when you're at the base by
the way just so just to save you a few
minutes but I don't enjoy keep on
playing because there's a couple fun
little things that you know like you you
get to an area and you you know you're
supposed to have something you don't
have it like it like an FTL where it's
like well if you had this you could do
something spin
what what did you even do there when I
was a kid I remember this is total
bullshit that is total bullshit so in
any case convoy yeah been enjoying it
that's all I have to say cuz we played a
nice three months might play it again
now that I know what I'm doing
um and I've been hearing kind of meh
things about the Mad Max game I'm not
shocked I said I don't know soon I want
to say soon it's out but early reviews
are little man have you ever had fun car
combat in a gamer you mean besides
rocket League it's car soccer well you
know like what's the UM what's the UH
I always forget what it's called rusted
metal twisted metal twisted metal that's
kind of you know that's kind of fun it's
fun for about five minutes and then it
sucks yeah I can't imagine Mad Max
working as a game because I've never
particularly loved car combat oh okay
yeah some I'm unconvinced you know there
was a really phenomenal not not really
phenomenal I'm gonna pull back
immediately and I apologize for saying
phenomenal there was a game that I
played a lot and that's why I called it
phenomenal is is because I played a lot
from a Super Nintendo in which you were
construction vehicles and you had to
destroy things in the most unique way
possible yeah and that was really fun
car combat like you'd have like a a
death or no minute endo 64 it was 64 I
thought it was Super Nintendo
I don't remember but it was a you know I
could have a dump truck and you'd have
to like do mad skids to knock stuff I
remember that I think it was 64 but I
could be right oven blast cores is that
it blast corpse
inferred Nintendo 64 I'm not sure okay
that could be like dump trucks and shit
yeah it was awesome that had really fun
car combat even though it wasn't
technically combat you know just cars
and shit
blast cars okay also how do you feel
about the Arkham style free-flow combat
for Mad Max
I've never associated Mad Max with
beating up 80 people at once right it
seems weird you know I like the combat
system so it's like no I don't think in
that context well that's well that what
I'm saying is like in general in a game
I like that combat system mm-hmm I agree
that it does not make sense with Mad Max
he's a he's a wild man fighter yeah he's
not he's not a skilled let me see what
the enemy is doing so I can
counter-attack kind of fighter he'll
he'll take ten punches yeah just to
throw a punch I think we're starting
allergy season jack oh no oh yeah Rich's
Bridget looking pretty fucking allergy
season pronoun joy joy of joys right
rich did like origins cam 16 second we
didn't mention it in name will you
review because it wasn't made by
rocksteady right I cut that part out you
you said something really funny about
Arkham origins which was technically
it's a better story but it wasn't as
well told yes and I thought that was
very interesting and you said the boss
battles it's very true yeah but so yeah
an or juice is the that's the only game
in the series that has decent boss
fights you actually fight Deathstroke
and origins yeah I'm looking forward to
playing origins oh okay oh we're back in
we made it back in okay and I'm yes
twigs I'm sure ritual stream extact X
come to just as soon as it's out
the various locks the very second it is
out
yeah Mad Max game what would make a good
Mad Max game beyond driving
you'll create no magic around weed when
it didn't the hateful wizard growls as
he takes the offending ingredients oh
shit oh and I only took the ingredients
away for us he disintegrated miss jack
when you got up would you have to climb
up that's okay get to your room
stat stream blast corporal now that I
know that it's for the n64 absolutely oh
my god hurry up you got 30 seconds so
sad you're tearing me apart
get on your hands and knees and quickly
shove all of your possessions under the
bed they will be safe from the Wizards
shape shape re-iron there I'm sorry are
you an Irish lad my nose has tried to
jump off my face you think blast corpse
is on the rare replay disk for Xbox one
fuck yeah that's enough reason to get
max box one for me no it's not it's I
haven't in 64 I'll just play it on the
n64 we didn't either of us have an Xbox
one yeah so we were we keep thinking
about it was like do we need it but so
far there hasn't been a game
oh when I think of the Xbox I think of
severe hardware failure I have returned
glidin I am ready treat
hey I gotta say I like your old man
thank you it's a fun voice to do yeah
we'll do another another n64 extreme
night I'll have to figure out what was
up with streaming animism patiently
waiting for his food stomach rumbles as
he drums as now fingers on the table
you'd better feed him quickly a dire
consequences may results little in puppy
hungry you should see Jack's pantomiming
good news he's got he's got the face
going he's doing something with his hand
I can't really sing dummy he's drumming
his fingers on my fingers puppy needs
food eat with me but be nice foodie yes
what that wasn't being playful
greenie so hungry yes could you could
you take the bread and pre mush it for
me my teeth I'm I gotta go upstairs and
get the mutton oh fuck no it's in your
pocket I hid all the items oh shit take
a loaf of bread and carry it with you
you take the fruit and carry it with you
all right oh yeah you're gonna need that
mutton in his tum tum that's what I need
granite didn't I need some yum yum in my
tum tum give it to me in the food yes
what the fuck he's a crazy old wizard
don't you think he gets a little a
little sloppy in time
yeah what am i type how do I do this
what what how do i do i type serve food
give man fruit put put food on table did
that network okay I hope we don't need
that bread you might need okay Shh go
get the mutton quick get the money good
I'll be right back sir I just have to go
mutton under my bed yeah but you know
sometimes they the food cooks really
well under base hot room so you know
it's like an oven cook the mutton for
you I'm so I'm so eager to serve I was
cooking for you in my off time I'll go
see if I can find it you know I know you
like your mutton they oh they're saying
shift to run no no no by the way get
that mutton get that mutton that fucking
cat what that's what's that cat doing
its of no use
get what
but way then if I go down there he'll
see the possessions right right you need
just the mutton now or are you fucked
because you took the mutton or is there
more food down there wait you have the
porridge no no you know that we need the
porridge
did we not take the mutton there's no
mutton in here where's the mutton did we
not that pick that up after the last
time we had a game over
then it should have been on the table
still right what happened to our mutton
you don't even have the fucking we don't
have a mutton no mutton where did our
mutton go Jim birthing I do suck but
that has nothing to do with the lack of
our mutton I fuck it
we ate the mutton did we eat the mother
I don't think so I have a the mutton
shit do we need the mutton I think we do
god damn it they're saying we ate the
mutton is our game over because I ate
that fuckin mutton oh man I need much
much to come out my back bat he didn't
digest it and poop it the cat ate it
what Oh God
oh Jesus and we can't for some reason we
can't give him the bread and fruit why
can't we do that
now did you just put all the bread and
fruit under there oh shit
but we couldn't give it to him anyway we
have to try
mutant pizza roll we answered this
question before but patton oswalt is a
fan of our line but how did you get him
to be in space cop Mike and Jay asked
him blackmail and it's it's really just
that simple where they knew he was a fan
they asked him it was scheduling was the
hardest part Patton works an insane
amount as talented people do as talented
people do and so he quite literally had
20 minutes
where did you're assigned a chore you
know what happens to lazy boys
Madeline shakes his hand in disgust I'm
still hungry when will you learn to obey
because the dreaded finger Oh
try hanging around in the kitchen oh
I'll quinidine
Oh oh shit the blood rushing to your
head did you realize that you are upside
down straining to look up you notice
your feet have been magically attached
to a kitchen rafter you struggled but
can't release yourself what a vexing
situation oh that is vexing oh look at
her head
oh god that's hilarious is it I think so
why unless we're dead and so a little
bit more to the Patton Oswalt's story oh
it's upside that's backwards you can't
do that that's fine
so we found a day that would work for
him and shooting and I called in I
called some friends out in LA and we
basically had to schedule 20 minutes
with him because that's all he had and
we we got some we got a studio set up
and set up the camera he came in gave
him the dialogue shot it and out in 20
minutes and that was it it was great he
was very fun oh he's not dead yep dizzy
and nauseated the sudden changes in body
position it's at least some consolation
to find yourself in the floor again
Oh
I'm going to bed quinidine gwyddion
whatever the fuck your name is
do not disturb me do proof
20 minutes is like nothing into and
that's you know got him in a costume
where the lines we ripped for a little
bit gone it took us longer to set up and
tear down the studio space then to shoot
him mmm that's great
I did do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
eating you good save
wait now it says a dream dream word case
as you you only have 20 minutes to get
the rest of the ingredients over 20
in-game minutes really that's what
they're saying
Oh the only naps for 20 minutes okay but
then what is it game over how long do we
have in general Jack can you sing an
old-timey song I don't know if I know
any old-timey songs trying to think of
it like the big rock candy mountain from
oh brother where art thou and the big
rock candy mountain dreams are made - I
do and then I will pass specially how
long is it so game over what how long is
the hope till game over right are we
just fucked
I think he has one more journey after
that okay all right we've got some time
all right well fuck it we got to go we
got to move what do we need to do we
need to get like every ingredient for
what what there's different spells - oh
my god
okay so understand the language of
creatures fly like an eagle
teleportation at random causing a deep
sleep should we try to understand a
language of a creature how will that
defeat the wizard maybe we can talk to a
bear I don't what let's lose the option
since like the bow here we go
technically transforming another into a
cat we could turn the wizard into a cat
what do we need for that we need a
Mandrake root powder oh my god a ball of
cat hair okay we'd find that at the
house two spoonfuls of fish oil we need
a spoon and a magic wand we need two
spoons we need a spoon and a jug of fish
oil all right Joe I'm going back to get
a spoon from the kitchen okay or do we
want to work on becoming invisible
well that stopped the wizard no that
will make us hide I think stopping the
wizard we need to turn the wizard into a
cat okay Oh God
that's fine this is better because we're
already house actually you should have
just done that in the first place didn't
try not to cheat sure okay
we got them down yeah we go have the I
need to get the F your inventory 5c do
it do it get here first a small ball of
cat hair
oh we're gonna take a large ball look at
her yeah come here kit the same curse of
the wolf the only thing I know that song
the curse of the world
night-duty did you do to do to darkness
do to do to do to do you hunger
it's a cursor oh wow let me get the cab
to get the hair Jack you need a brush
brush I like that thought where do we
find a brush in the Wizards bedroom
okay no we can't pet the cat if we pet
the cat it says we don't want to put the
cat in the vanity if there would be one
right
did you ever open that drawer yeah I did
nope you sure oh you try to be quiet but
an unfortunate squeak wakes menon in' he
turns in his bed then sits up staring
angrily at you you know you ought to
stay out of my things I have no choice
crazy man
yes he's a crazy old wizard
you'll need to help fuck ya get out here
fuck
boy do you hate these little sessions
but no pain no magic oh my god you're
just doing second time's wasting
you're just doing situps
I think we just got to grab the cat
maybe we can't you can't grab it okay we
can't grab the cat that's right again
don't have anything resembling a brush
nose essence mihrab red okay what's in
your drawers is it lust thank you
nothing of interest okay we can't we
can't get the cat trap the cat and we
don't have anything to trap a cat we're
not gonna look up games game facts we
want to try to figure this out on your
own end if you don't know the answer you
can try to help us figure it out but
don't obviously just don't tell us what
to do that would be mean but you know if
you want to you know if you haven't
played the game before and you want to
help us there is no honor huh there is
no honor
tired and sad I think I've told this
story couple times but for those who
don't know how I got involved with red
letter media is we just met it's like so
not a fun story we both lived in
Milwaukee Mike and Jay lived in
Milwaukee I lived in Milwaukee and we
both made videos for the internet and so
we knew people the same people and they
said hey you guys should meet because
you both make videos and then we started
making videos together like it's that's
what usually happens is if you do
something you'll just start naturally
gravitating towards people that also do
that thing that's how life works
and that's how it worked here that I
want to say the the very first time I
ever met J and Mike was when they had me
act in the garbowsky's if you see that
episode where I'm Frank hammer that's
the very first time I met them they said
we need you to act in something and I
said I'm a terrible actor don't do that
and we see it what's of metal behind the
book okay grab it get metal Madden is
very private with a study and doesn't
like you poking around a huge oak desk
is covered with his writing implements
and oak cabinet is in the corner there
was a chart on the rear wall the
bookshelves are filled with books in
every subject
it wasn't fancies himself to be quite a
scholar behind the whole bookshelf there
we go you push the large book side
revealing a metal lever attached to the
back of the bookshelf
chapter opens a feeling a steep stone
steps leading into darkness yes now
we're on it now we're on it more things
to fall off of jack
I agree now junky I like fuck bought
five thousand - he was a fun character
to create he has served us well the
ground you looking around this torch
that underground room this be a wizard's
laboratory a wizard's laboratory i've
the border the border against the
earthen walls are rows of shells holding
numerous jars which contains strange
unknown ingredients
shelves also holds skeletons of small
animals and birds some human skulls and
bones and other odd instruments who's
used to you nut whose use you do not
know
okay against the earth wall is a massive
oak table with a spacious work top the
narrow stone steps lead up to the wizard
study so we probably need to come down
here to make the spell yeah
again our is 1/2 cup of Mandrake root
powder a small ball of cat hair 2
spoonfuls of fish oil and one magic wand
that's what these are the things we need
to transform a human into a can't you
curiously gaze at the strange jaws of
ingredients the animal and human bones
and other odd implements which line the
rows of shelves you see jaws of
ingredients resting on labelled shelves
shelves bearing such ghastly names as
powdered fish bone who's that one we
need a Rosetta fish oil
there's no weed fish oil ok we do need
nightshade juice mm-hmm Mandrake root
powder yeah we need that saffron toad
spittle and toadstool powder that's for
other things but we could cause maybe a
deep sleep if we got if we got a dried
ACORN and an empty pouch we could use
that nightshade juice to put someone
into a deep sleep all right so good
nightshade juice and get the Mandrake
root powder yeah those are the two
things we need
I said juice
I'd say juice boom-boom motherfuckin
boom I am a wizard space come Oh deep
sleep equals dead that would be great
too but I think deep sleep might just
buy us more time to search for stuff you
know mm-hmm which is probably something
we might you know I could see us needing
that covered with gold trimmings the oak
books leather covers cracked and one
spacious yellowed and brittle title
whoever is clear the sorcery of old you
inglese thumb do page after page of what
you assumed to be magic formulas the ink
of the old handwriting was faint and
barely readable most of the formulas
that are indecipherable but a few are in
a language you know treat the old book
great cares you can tell it contains
recipes for some very old and powerful
magic spells and shakers you realize
this book could be the key to your
escape from the evil mana
nananananananananananana
circle Flint beakers flashed and stirs
okay okay
nananananana wizard I just I just saw
someone like spam like you can make
money from playing games online and I
think I accidentally made them a mod and
then I banned them okay
so I might need to unmod them hold on
you fixed that shit I'm gonna fix that
chin that could be disaster all right
whoopsie whoopsie dupes did I make them
a mod no I do not make them a mod I
banded them okay the coveted mod banned
yes yes that happens bad bot oopsie
doops I just pressed the wrong button
before we knew twitch better I think we
accidentally made somebody a mod early
on yes yes we apologized for it and I
have to contact like I made you mod and
then I banned you I got scared
oh you know what speaking of mods this
is a good time to talk about YouTube
game streaming which went live today I
don't know if anyone has been paying any
attention to it have we talked about
this not on the stream I was watching a
little bit of it because of course I'm
paying attention to it because this is
what we do and obviously we have no
plans to move over to YouTube live
streaming but I'm paying attention to it
because if it's better than we want to
be there then we'll lose everybody we
have here well you know hopefully you
guys will come over there if you know
like if it's easier for people to watch
and easier for us to communicate and
that was the big thing is I thought that
their chat sucked the chat was all over
the place even first smaller streams it
went by at a million miles per hour and
there didn't seem to be any moderation
and so that was
that was really frustrating and so I not
we definitely won't even try things out
there until they figure out their chat
situation and one thing I really did
like though is they had little they had
the the YouTube thumbnails by everyone's
names and so you can kind of keep track
of who says what a little easier
say what I wish we had I wish that
twitch chat had something like that a
little like thumbnail images so you can
like hold conversations with people
better alright I'm not supposed to buy
fish oil at this fucking store maybe
it's a store next to an ocean there is
an ocean right there yep but how am I
and it could be Tiberius Kirk it could
be easier to moderate large rooms the
the rooms that I was watching did not
seem to be moderated at all it was just
awful chat what the fuck but you know
we'll be paying attention and if it's
better we'll go
oh let's thank you beefcake
let's over beefcake was chatting with me
about ways to make twitch chat better
and for me I just want more control over
who we see you know like like for
example a way to mark someone if you're
having a conversation with them you know
like marker user highlight a user that
I'm having a conversation with so I can
see everything they say oh I think we
just bought fish oil if I enjoyed Cindy
young man says what else can I get for
you
ask the amiable man shelves filled with
all sorts of useful items there are a
few items of particular interest to you
leather pouches I think we need a
leather pouch salt fish oil and lard
buying someone into a cat we need fish
oil when you've cat hair and we need
root powder and then for causing deep
sleep we do need an empty pouch okay
don't we don't we have a leather pouch
already no well we have the pouch from
with a gold in it right oh yeah yeah
okay I'm buying another pouch gold yeah
okay you're right can i mark someone
using chatty like you can pop someone
out using chatty which I really like I'm
using chatty right now and in chatty if
you click on someone's name a little box
shows up and it keeps all of their
messages like in the one little box
which is really great
but I was thinking avoid just to
highlight it in chat so I wouldn't have
to like get another box and clutter
everything up but all right all right we
need week at her the other thing we need
we now I think actually we have all we
need for the cat except for the cat here
we need Mandrake root a small ball of
cat hair two spoonfuls of fish oil and
one magic wand so how do we get that
fucking cat her someone made a good
suggestion in chat yeah what if we put
the cat to sleep
alright alright alright what do we need
for the sleep for the sleep we need
dried acorn nightshade juice wand empty
pouch tried acorn dried acorn we're
gonna need to talk to animals to ask
squirrel for a try to acorn is that
gonna happen what do I need to talk to
animals understand the language of
creature a small feather from a bird
fuck a tuft of fur from any animal a
dried reptile skin one rounded spoonful
of powdered fish bone one thimble full
of do and a magic wand I'm all over the
fur I think I know how to get that okay
I have an idea oh gosh sure if it's
gonna work oh you stupid I'm somewhere
trapped behind this house oh my god also
someone was right save after you
teleport saved right away ten minutes
down yeah you're right
we're fine we got time where am I there
we are
oh fuck that alright so did your a acorn
oh Jesus fuck
Jesus fuck fuck Jesus
wait 69 seconds left what no we had 20
minutes not 20 minutes from way when he
went to sleep yeah but where did he go
to sleep like 36 35 okay kept dog fuck's
sake
she pet him Kenny looks your hand and
thumps his tail and appreciation smell a
lot of Doug Fir it collects in your hand
and you plug it into your pocket for
later use boom got that nice rich nice
petting dogs all over the place ACORN
oh how do we get an acorn now oh my no
there's a tree yeah but they're not
tried I mean there's squares that we
have not yet what do we need for talking
to animals talking to animals a small
feather from a bird
fuck bird feather we need reptile skin
oh god we need that too yep
oh fuck I rounded spoonful of fish fish
bone a thimble full of do and a magic
wand Oh birds you're on the birds whoa
yeah we're on the clock jack get bird
what am I doing wrong with f EA th er
right yeah what's a what fed oh there's
a feather and I would say it's just
saying what feather yeah all right
nope ee squirrels now
great talking to animals would be nice
apparently apparently there's more birds
someone saying maybe that maybe the
acorns are dried now and not a time has
passed
it'd be a weird puzzle but we'll try it
sure lots of squirrels oh you know what
that's a good point judge frowny-face a
point of order there are no kings in
this game I was told this was a king's
quest hey can I Drive the acorn they
grabbed an eight-course there so got a
spell level age or dry something out
grab an acorn that's in the Sun right
okay okay
well you're right on top of that fucking
acorn why are they put them there
there's something to this of course
no there's brewing a storm becoming
invisible teleportation at random
bandits oh my god
you were you were tempting fate right
there no I was we also need to find some
deal
rich we need some day for the camel
thing for the animal thing you see
nothing special over here no do over
here dog well don't go too far into that
River we know the hazards of rivers
spider eight minutes to go eight minutes
to go we hear you look at spider web
rich ain't got time for spiderwebs
well we need specific things
what does the spire where I'm gonna get
us we need spiderwebs for something else
I don't know I just looking at the
ingredient list someone in Chad is
saying take cat is kind of broken needs
multiple tries okay for getting cat fur
which is the only thing left in these
turn someone into a cat spell okay we
are wait do we have fish oil yeah we
bought fish oil do we have a spoon we
have a spoon we have a Mandrake root
powder yep so we need a ball of cat hair
and a magic wand okay and then we have
way that we can turn someone into a cat
well I imagine the wand is in in the
area yeah
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
the glinted in doo doo doo doo doo
Gwen Gwen in in Grant Glen beginning a
little scared Jack I wanna know about
your fetishes that was mine
that was a little bit scared
what
Oh was i well it did not save the time
Oh Oh for fuck's sake I do love the skin
on this gap in
okay yeah okay we're good we're getting
ready do we win the game if we turn it
into a
that's significant hurdle them yeah
that is that's a that appears to be on
the other a significant hurdle is
walking up this path this path is ass
path this path is ass while you make it
up the path yeah
do you want to talk about Terminator
Genisys I haven't seen it but I haven't
seen it either you know who was most
qualified people in the world to talk
about it well here's here's the interest
so Terminator Genisys in America was a
huge bomb yep
you know where overseas China yep fuckin
killing it in China there will be more
than yeah there's gonna be more and
they're gonna make it much like the
Transformers series like they had these
big scenes overseas or you know like in
Korea or China or whatever yep same
thing with with terminator the next
Terminator has to go to China for some
reason
chyna fucking loves it
Genesis and so now there's gonna be more
terminators
congratulations China you've ruined it
again so I think China doesn't ruin it
this is so unfair you can't even see the
ground this is total bullshit total
bullshit you can't see the ground I'm
sorry
oh damn you damn you King's Quest I'm
sorry what do you guys want me to sing
sing it why did they think this is a
good idea with these paths and some sort
of challenge I guess I don't get it I
don't get nothing not as far as police
quest No
yeah we know oh my gosh I was just
singing short people by Randy Newman I
love that song that's so weird have you
heard that song short people got no
reason to short people got no reason to
live they got little hands little lives
they walk around telling the great big
lies or yeah the short people got no
reason to live such a weird fucking song
that can is just yeah okay multiple
times you just need to do a multiple
time oh that is retarded you should get
some kind of hint that you're on the
right track right I agree bullshit
bullshit well they wanted you to call
that hint line no I'm serious
yeah by the way yes that is a real song
by Randy Newman about short people being
terrible it's uh I don't know if I sing
it's a wonderful world I don't know if I
know the words to that let me look up
the what a wonderful world let me look
at the lyrics I used to know the lyrics
red roses too I see them bloom
that's my Louis yeah
that cat teleports I hate that did that
cats all over the place no so by the way
the rain oh that darn cat really did it
to you this time tripping over the cat
you fall to your death what
oh my god that's insane that's portal
total bullshit unbelievable amounts of
bullshit oh my god here's the thing you
need to know about Randy Newman's
songwriting Randy Newman actually does
not hate short people he writes songs as
characters
he's a very unique and interesting
songwriter and he'd like he's not
actually prejudiced against short people
he just like wrote it as a character and
so it's it's very strange it's very
weird
don't be mad at Randy Newman for writing
songs about short people he's just an
eccentric musician why do you guys
continue to play this bullshit game cuz
it's what we're playing tonight and
sometimes it's bullshit we might not
finish this one just because of how
bullshit it is and it doesn't seem to be
very much fun doesn't seem to be a fun
stream yeah we need more dialogue yeah
but you know what we try because we have
had so much fun with Sierra text
adventures in the past so we got to give
it a try and this is just what we're
doing tonight we'll give it a little bit
longer and if it continues to be
bullshit you're right hardcore Randy
Newman's most famous character was
alcoholic Randy Newman you're right that
man drank a lot
knife that can listen I will get a copy
of blasts corpse well that's just called
cores right yeah it's not a corpse I
will get a copy of blasts cores for
Nintendo 64 and we will we will stream
that one of these times because I
remember having a lot of fun with that
game I remember having a lot a lot of
fun four blasts course
I just like alright let's turn someone
into a motherfucking cat yeah that's the
thing about like you got a friend of me
that's why Pixar went to Randy Newman to
create the memorable songs like in toy
stories because he he wrote it as a
character and so like he wrote that song
as the character of the little boy and
woody and I think he's a good songwriter
songs are interesting I don't
necessarily want to like hear them on
the radio but like I like Randy Newman
songs all right what do we need to do to
make this fuckin Kettering all right all
right hold on I have the lyrics of
wonderful world up turning another cat
you need 1/2 cup of Mandrake root powder
are we grab that we have everything we
need so what do you need now you need to
mix it oh oh oh okay here we go
so directions one put Mandrake root
powder in a bowl in a bowl you know but
in oh shit I gotta go back to the
kitchen to get a bowl you need a bowl Oh
God time's a-wasting sorry it's okay
it's okay
do you have the magic wand damn you need
the magic wand ok ok ok and also save
ones the last time you saved right here
I great so we can get here actually all
right we need his key so we can get in
the cabinet
you think the ones in the cabinet you
know I'm pretty sure I am playing this
game like literally over 20 years but
I'm pretty sure that wand is in this
cabinet sure which is locked
oh that's a good thought professionals
professional slackers both Metal Gear
Solid 5 and Mad Max come out this Friday
which would you rather Mad Max yeah ok
the people love here's the deal people
love Metal Gear I hate the ship story
yeah I'm not that fond of the series
because I can't stand the convoluted
nonsense I wouldn't like it people would
hate the review because I'd be annoyed
by the story and I'd complain about that
I might like the gameplay mmm I'm not
like the gameplay a lot but then it'll
stop for a 45 minute long nonsense
obsession yep that's by the way that's
exactly the middle of your series yeah
is the gameplays all right is there some
fun sneaking there's some fun combat but
that itself might be interesting to talk
about I got a feeling Mad Max the game
is gonna be all bland bland bland but at
least I like Mad Max we go either we can
go either way I'll tell you the honest
truth maybe we'll get a copy for of Mad
Max for next Wednesday yeah yeah we can
we can play a little Mad Max yeah I have
a feeling when do those come out Friday
they say Friday so we'll try to do that
we'll try to do Mad Max for next
Wednesday stream we will not be
streaming this Sunday this upcoming
Sunday heads up to everyone what happens
Sunday
something special oh my god rich and I
will both be busy on Sunday and rich
knows live but it doesn't remember at
the moment apparently not no so that's
fine Oh
according to Thanatos 3 8 8 the
cutscenes don't last more than a couple
minutes anymore it's mostly gameplay
because Kiefer was too expensive for
tons of dialogue cuz Kiefer Sutherland
does the voice of snake now why would
they so that doesn't make any sense it's
really funny why would they replace
somebody as popular as David Hayter in
that role why would you change something
the fans love for no good reason because
the fans will still buy it for the name
and with the with a star attached to it
you can get some people who've never
played it before dad no I'm gonna say
with this I'm gonna say that not with a
series that's not I think that was their
thought is a big name help sell games
mm-hmm you have people who have never
played a Metal Gear game before because
new people are coming into the game's
world all the time the fans are still
gonna play because they're fans it's out
on Tuesday what's out on Tuesday Mad Max
is out on Tuesday or metal gears out on
Tuesday
oh my god oh he's sleeping that's what
he's doing I need it fast I mean if you
think it's in the I don't know where
this I have no idea
oh no I mean the what if the ones in the
safe we need the key
we can't do anything in here where were
the key B where are the key B oh shit
get out of there he's up where we loaded
it's fine it's all fine no the key would
be in his office then somewhere Ryan I
can't find it no according to mr. shy
smile kojima is a Starfucker
so you want do we want do you want hints
as to where the key is I just think I've
gone silver the tap Chad and so on oh
yeah yeah okay that's fine
Oh Oh they both come out next Tuesday
okay sorry I thought I read Friday my
mini apologies well then yeah then we'll
definitely play Mad Max next Wednesday
if it comes out on Tuesday
and what is Metal Gear come out I think
they said both same day how would you
know to look up I think you know what I
think this game was designed around
getting people to call this year up hint
line there's been a lot of bullshit
there's some bullshit in this there's a
lot of bullshit yeah this one so this
was a this was a quarter sucker I think
yeah basically arcade game this is
essentially an arcade game yeah I'm
disappointed and I remember loving this
when I was a kid I think there's just a
lot of things to do and I like that sure
my young brain who had trouble figuring
out the puzzles as it was didn't really
register they bullshit as much I think
that could be that could be and Bill you
know this is something we say all the
time and I and I still think that people
don't understand it you only got one
game yeah you've got one game to play
for four or five months if you were
lucky mm-hmm that's it you so you only
can one new game and this was it and so
you dedicated four or five months to one
game and it was this and so there was
nothing but trial and error that's it
and I think that's fine like this is
especially bullshitty like we talked
about this in the in The Adventures of
link stream about like you know you
can't solve the puzzle if you don't get
any clues right and and so I think rich
is right that this is also an era of
helplines
the Nintendo Power helpline will get you
through that tough section for $8.99 an
hour have your parents credit cards
ready and Sierra famously also had a
helpline and neither yeah if the rich
might be right about this you got the
cat hair right yes I hope so
do I not have thee I don't see a deal I
don't see it go get the kid here
how much time do we have before that
fucker wakes up like a minute don't have
time
okay so stash your stuff yeah yeah you
gotta go stash your stuff you gotta
stash it fast
I guess tell my god rich well you're
racing the clock how much tighter way
out like a minute I think he weighs
about 56
yep now wait what items did you lose now
just spent a lot of time dicking around
for that key oh that's right I keep
seeing Oh someone there there's a
there's a bug in the chat tonight do
anyone use to earn money from playing
something-something slash free.com what
is that there's someone I'm on you
though man
and naturally I banned it right away
someone's accounts is hacked or they do
something someone's doing something
tonight I don't like it get out of my
fucking room I'm ban happy tonight who
wants to talk about shit babies everyone
hating this game what's the consensus oh
yeah yeah people hate this game should
we just hop
we haven't waked we it's almost 11:00
let's make it till 11:00
that's mad let's just see what happens
you know what the wizard will wake up we
could we could do rocket League okay I'm
serious I'm dead serious
bonus material at this point okay I
don't think we can do two-player if we
don't know if we don't we don't put it
up in YouTube we don't put it up in
YouTube because you should yeah that's
true but you take turns not a big deal
wanna do two players put screen how do I
do that we need another controller I
don't have I didn't bring my controller
because I didn't think we'd be using it
oh sure we have we have the Xbox one
that's here okay look another chat let's
record if I get