Episode 364
Mettle Gear Solid V The Phantom Menace (Jack Solo) part 1
September 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwqhsKHGQKc
___________________________________________

it stands for bring your own box someone
made that joke on Twitter earlier today
BYOB bring your own box and I thought
that was very appropriate for metal gear
that's a very funny joke so I'm gonna go
with that also is it it upsets me so
much that someone doesn't know what BYOB
means you look sad I do I know inside
various Kirk what have you seen me with
hair recently hi everybody welcome whoa
that's very loud we're gonna turn that
down that's right no in his forehead he
has little bits of someone little bits
of someone like exploded and lodged into
his skull and they're growing and it's
like a demon horn thing so it's it's
very strange I don't know quite what's
happening with his forehead
what the fuck indeed a horn right are
you feeling a phantom fan right now I am
because rich is not here I talked to
rich earlier today and he was doing a
lot of work today and needed to play
this game and didn't feel like he could
gain a good appreciation of it while
streaming cuz he hasn't had a lot of
time to play and so he wanted me to do a
solo stream tonight which is fine so
this is it it's just a it's a jack solo
stream tonight so it might be quiet at
some times as I am also trying to digest
the game I'm not very far in I think I'm
only like 3% into the game I got past
the first initial cutscene oh also like
for anyone who is watching this tonight
obviously
I'm sure there will be spoilers galore
because I'm playing the game so if you
don't want the game spoiled for you you
know try you know sorry everything's
fine you're right
yes I know and I won't be skipping any
of the cutscenes because I know the
cutscenes are important the cutscenes
have been pretty bad shit insane most of
the time but here we go here we go we're
gonna we are gonna start moving here
also something everyone should know
about this game is their art is no I'm
gonna show this to you there no not that
I'm not gonna show you that there is no
look at this
there is no audio options to the game
there is no way to turn down the game
volume and so right now listening to the
game in my headphones is melting my ears
and it's horrible and terrifying and
there are no audio options to the game
and that that is that is a unacceptable
on acceptable that there is no audio
options to the game and I hate it I hate
it so much because if I want to play
this game with headphones on you know or
get really immersed it means it blows my
ears to pieces it's it's terrible I
can't turn the game down if I'm worried
if I'm wearing headphones no if I'm
wearing headphones I cannot turn the
game down there is no option to adjust
the game volume in my headphones I'm
playing this on the PlayStation 4 so ok
here we go so let's get going
there is no volume control on no there
is no volume control on my headphones
they're just headphones you know so stop
don't my liking what okay so here we go
let's uh let's pick a mission here let's
pick a mission I've been playing for a
little bit I've been I've been enjoying
it for the most part should we do should
we do a side mission I've been really
liking the side missions over the fence
extract an engineer sure why don't we
give this one a try
Phoenix are very funny menus I know it's
exciting the I think you know what I'm
gonna warm up with a side mission here
let's see here
extract interceptor extract prisoner
with who is sure let's do this one
please select the landing zone let's
land on this side because why not
yes we'll see okay so here's the the
loadout select screen well you know you
get to kind of choose your your loadout
for the mission primary weapons so I'm
rocking a sniper rifle and my silenced
rifle because that's great secondary
weapon is the pistol the silencer pistol
single shot tranquilizer handgun great
support weapons c4 hand grenade I got my
box I got my Seaguar and I got my
upgraded night-vision goggles I want to
make sure that these are the upgraded
ones yeah great you can you can deck out
your horse I only have two horse outfits
right now so obviously not doing great I
thought we're gonna we're gonna put them
in battle dress look at Diamond dog
battle dress horse I don't have any
vehicles yet and I can only select snake
right now that's it that's it
wait so suddenly there suddenly had no
spoilers rule no no well don't try not
to spoil it for me I haven't played it
so try not to spoil it for me but you
know obviously I'm playing it and you're
watching me play it so it might get
spoiled for you but try not to spoil it
for me as I'm trying to play it and and
I I'm trying to enjoy it so far there
are parts that I like there are parts
that I don't like and the parts that I
do like you know the the the espionage
the the the actual sneaking into bases I
really do like it how lost are you when
you come when it comes to the story of
the of the game that's a good question
and here's the thing about the story of
this game is it's actually very simple
but there's a ton of
randomness to it that it just does that
doesn't matter to the story so - spoiler
alert for the first five minutes of the
game
a floating girl makes a flaming whale
eat a helicopter and then after the
flaming whale eats a helicopter a demon
riding a unicorn chases you through the
woods this is a very real thing about
the game and then after all of that
insanity happens your buddy who's
helping you escape through the woods
says we have to go to Afghanistan to
stop some insurgents and and so far I've
spent all my time in Afghanistan so so
all the craziness in that opening
cutscene has so far affected the story
none and that's it gotta look around
last time I landed there was like there
was a bad guy hanging around so I gotta
just check around so then this happens
you get dropped in Afghanistan and you
go on a mission and it's super easy it's
not a girl it's a boy with an 80s
haircut it looked like a girl and looked
feminine all right here we go so we are
going to extract interceptor great all
right let's do this so how'd that horse
get there I can only assume there is
someone in Afghanistan watching my horse
but it looks nice you know desert you
got a horse
I found a puppy I'm raising a puppy
right now and that's pretty cool
what's that oh I can collect plants
there's this whole base management oh
crap my era I hear a car coming where is
it
is it gonna see me where is it
I'm just gonna stay here and I hope it
doesn't see me yep didn't see me just
here dude on a horse that's fine didn't
see me so there's there's this whole
mother base management game in this game
that is incredibly just you know I I
find it super unnecessary for the fun of
the game and and it it's just it feel it
feels kind of tacked on but it's fine
I'm playing the game playing the game
now we're gonna try to make our way over
here without being detected we're gonna
get out the horse
I think I'm far enough away where that
guy shouldn't be able to see me so this
what I'm doing right now is part of the
part of the game that I find really
enjoyable which is the reconnaissance
you get to scope out your objective
before you go on your mission you get to
like tag all of the guys who are in base
you know like here like I just picked up
a weapon you kind of get to look around
and kind of plan out your mission the
new analysis complete thing that's my
new scanner is I can everybody because
you can kidnap people you kidnap them
and tie them to balloons and the
balloons fly them back to mother base
and I want to kidnap the highest quality
people obviously I don't want no scrubs
oh there's another guy yeah he has a
c-grade in something so maybe he'll be
useful so it looks like there's only
three of them there oh wait no there's a
guy up here too so - to scan them to tag
them like I am you just need to zoom in
with your binoculars oh there's another
guy okay great so some there's even
another guy yeah all these guys are kind
of scrubs but you can also like listen
in to them you can hear them to have
like conversations which is really neat
some of them listen to music that guy's
glitching out
but this is the part of the game that I
find I'm really enjoying is kind of the
the gathering Intel being super sneaky
unfortunately there's not a there's not
a lot I can do over here to be super
sneaky I'm gonna try to lure some of
them out of the base I also need to find
I need to find my captor I need to find
which one of them has the
are you talking to each other yeah
one of these guys is the guy that I'm
looking for you stop there maybe I could
take you out first I check my map real
quick can I go around yes
being super sneaks right now I kind of
want to take out I wanna kinda want to
take out this guy first just because
he's the furthest away and that's
usually my mo is you know take out the
farthest away guys first but maybe I can
lure a couple of them over here
No
I'm not close enough for them to hear me
I guess
my plan is not working I guess I could
just snipe one of them but I don't know
which one is the I have really hate the
the weapon picking system I don't know
which one of them is the language expert
and so that's the only problem here is I
need to find which one is the language
expert
tell me here in the skins
which one of you is my language expert
city
hmm I don't like this I don't like it
then I then I chose this mission to
start with because this is a mission
that I kind of want to take my time with
the shoot'em that got their attention
there we go that'll get one of them to
come over here right
I got a moving
oh there we go now I got to move in oh
they keep talking about this naked girl
that's in them and this isn't me taking
my time no I did I mean I want to move
him along here we go now I got him to
disperse a little bit that helps this is
me taking my time by the way anyone who
knows me knows that I'm an impatient
person I wanna get him moving there we
go now I got him all looking that way so
I should be able to sneak over here is
the AI dumber than the writing um you
know it's sneaky sometimes
as you see here I'm gonna just kind of
get right underneath this guy's light so
you know and that guy is shining his
flashlight on me so it's like yeah yeah
it's kind of dumb sometimes not crap
crap
oh crap you know what fuck it let's
start the mission over okay here we go
starting over you know okay so coming up
this I didn't seem to work too well cuz
I couldn't get any of the guys out of
there maybe we should try coming from
this side
okay let's talk oh yeah have you did you
see the hell max landis situation I'm
talking about a guy who has no chill you
know what's funny the funniest part
about that is how he was he was adamant
that both Jay and Mike hated Chronicle
you know like he in his Twitter he was
just like oh man I mean they hated
Chronicle so of course they're gonna
hate this and if you rewatch their
Chronicle review the very first thing
out of Jays mouth is oh I really liked
it I thought it was a really solid movie
like that is the first thing out of Jays
mouth so you know it's fine it's fine
like if if he takes it personally that's
that's just gonna be his thing no chill
fuck look at me I'm not doing great yeah
he sounds a little bit like a spoiled
brat but like that's gonna be fine he's
here's here's the thing like max landis
grew up the child of a famous director
and so he has grown up knowing nothing
but the Hollywood system and that's just
all he knows and you know there's no
there's no helping max landis there's no
talking max landis down so just let him
be try to you know imagine he doesn't
exist
so that's it no I mean there there is no
there's no reasoning with max landis so
don't even try let me try a little more
direct approach here I get a little bit
closer oh I see that guy's pretty close
I should be able to lure him I think I
think he'd hear me
come on come over here check me out just
check me out for a little bit
doo-doo-doo-doo hey that'll get their
attention I just need one of them to
come over here but I think I'm gonna get
more of them over here you know what a
Vinci I'm just gonna say f it and sniper
rifle them but no no I need to extract
the one guy here dammit I was doing
better at this game I swear so now
they're checking behind the rock which
is fine I guess I did get him away if I
can get I'll see what happens maybe one
of them will like stick around there
here I'll hide in the grass
here we go now I didn't get caught huh
where's mr. Evans tonight I don't know I
think he's actually playing this game
but he wanted he didn't want to stream
this game tonight because he wanted to I
don't think he's had a chance to play it
doing something very stupid right now I
feel like I'm doing something very
stupid right now
all right what can I do here I think
what I'm gonna try to do okay take out
okay that guy moved that's something
that guy moved so maybe if that guy
comes back oh here we go
no one's really looking can I do this
let's just test the waters here can I
just sneak right by these guys like this
now I told I can check this out let's
see if this'll work
let's see if I can be a total con no I
got up why did I stand up why did snakes
stand up from from laying on the ground
huh
what why did I was laying on the ground
and I wanted to go to crouch but snakes
stood up come on come on
why don't use the high ground so they
can't rush you well I'm the I need to
figure out which one of these guys is
the language expert and so I need to
interrogate one of them and so I can't
kill them is my problem and so I need to
try to take him out super sneak like and
I'm not nailing it
well now you go on no you know what end
of max I I haven't seen Chronicle I've
heard good things mostly from Jay I
really enjoyed he has those two Internet
shorts about Superman and about
wrestling and I thought those were
really neat kind of max landis talks
about Superman the death of Superman and
about wrestling and I thought they were
really well done and they were a really
fun stylized infotainment video I I've
never seen his movies
but I'm on the fuck indeed
all right where's everybody what I've
learned is they can't see me if I crawl
even if I do this look at like totally
can't see me okay we gotta tag these
guys I don't want them to sneaking up on
me later
you caught me
come over and look for me come over and
look for me
yeah gonna knock now how do you not hear
that I hate him that's super sneaky
that's great there we go all right got
one down this is my new plan this is
exactly my new plan it's just hit him
with the old tranquilizer dart it's the
worst plan ever
here we go
perfect I'm kind of killing it now I had
these guys done oh no this guy just
noticed something
don't worry you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna shoot him in the head -
doesn't look like anyone else is alerted
come on and b'doop
okay so now can we knock and get these
guys attention knocking just doesn't
seem to work so I guess we're gonna just
shoot people
do-do-do-do-do and good there we go nine
this is how I do the missions you have
to steal stuff for your base now you're
still handling that light good for you
you handle that light cuz I'm gonna take
you out he's got that light don't you
worry and interrogate
great and then we kill quick reload
there we go
okay
and this guy this guy is like oh oh
there's a prisoner over here alright
let's go do-do-do-do-do what the hell is
this this is Metal Gear this is this is
metal I just totally metal geared the
fuck out of this I'm gonna take some
plants yeah and then um I should
probably blow this place well no they
don't have any communications rigs it
usually if there's like an antenna out
there they have communications rigs I
should probably kill all those guys
though right what do you guys think
should I am oh Fulton yeah you're right
I should fall to them okay so this is
what you do to prisoners remember ready
ye this is literally what you do in the
game
isn't that crazy dead
so should I kill him no kill okay great
great
so that was the mission I apparently had
to say I cheese I felt like I cheese it
a little bit that wasn't very sneaky
using my silenced
tranquilizer can you peacefully beat
this game I think I think you can get
through without killing anybody
well I accepted you there are some
missions where the mission is to kill
someone but yeah that Fulton is a little
silly all right let's go to our next
mission should i folding all the
soldiers should I okay I will you can so
what happens when you Fulton enemy
soldiers is they get converted into your
teammates right now I haven't I don't
have the materials to build up my base
and so we are running a little tight but
I'll fold in a couple of them let's see
who has the good we'll see who has the
good stats are you know there is one guy
who had like a like a C in some in
building which one of you had a C was it
you did I kill the guy who had a C now
okay yeah I'll fold in you so then you
can basically capture the enemy soldiers
ready ye this is go fly that's it that's
the whole thing
that's the whole thing it's a little
crazy what gets even crazier is they ask
you to start extracting sheep that's a
real thing they say you know what we
could really use some sheep the person
who said to be highly skilled um yeah
we'll do that one well do that one we
could use another prisoner where are we
going oh man we're going way the fuck
over there well that's right across the
country you know well let's see if
there's anything closer let's go to a
main mission let's go to a main mission
over the fence extract an engineer who
defected to the sower these are all
extractions recover the US military's
new weapon yeah let's try this one out
and is this one closer what
what is it what is all this stuff on my
marker oh I don't care about that
mission start point we shouldn't start
what what no I did something
okay I need to go apparently over there
alright so let's go a Fulton is an
atmospheric kidnapping device yes
for the Fulton extraction device is that
weather balloon thing that sends
soldiers rocketing up and it's hilarious
it's a hilarious and dumb thing did I
celebrate national pizza day yesterday I
mean every day is national pizza day as
far as I'm concerned when you have
delicious pizza near your house any day
can be national pizza day take advantage
that's what I say yeah you're right I
should call the helicopter I'm very very
far away okay
you're right let's be smart about this
I'll take the helicopter am I happy with
the rocket leave video I am I mean there
were there was stuff that I thought to
talk about later that I kind of added in
text form the whole kind of simplicity
and game design that I wish rich and I
would have talked about more but I mean
overall I'm happy with it I thought it
was a good conversation of other funny
jokes and you know who's fun there was a
light video a fun light video so
hopefully we can get a little more meat
out of this so far though it kind of
feel like so far my feelings on Metal
Gear is kind of like it's alright I
don't have much to say about it good bad
or otherwise so far of course I'm not
very far in for anyone who knows for
anyone who's played the game you know
it's like I'm not very far in but I
don't have I just don't have a terrible
amount to say right now
helicopter come and no no Ridge tonight
Jess Jack rich is it playing metal gear
and didn't want the live streaming to
spoil in any way his review
Audio bad
the game audio or me audio
didn't I played my my history with the
Metal Gear games is as follows I played
the fuck out of Metal Gear Solid for the
PlayStation 1 just played it loved it
had a great time with it and then I
played a little bit of two and it got a
little crazy and then I stopped caring
and felt fine about that audio fine
great thank you thank you actor Jane
you're mad I'll trust you
so I've never cared about the series
bandar and I kept hearing that the the
cutscenes got crazier and crazier and
the storylines got more convoluted and
crazier and so I just stopped caring
about the Metal Gear franchise and so I
have not played a Metal Gear game
completely since the first one since
Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStation 1
and that's it you know so now I'm
jumping back in and like I said that
opening cutscene was nuts great a
network Eric that's fine
great that's fine I don't care ok let's
go over the fence
strannix an engineer or what's this one
he said to be highly skilled well you
know well let's do another prisoner
extraction perfect let's do another
prisoner correction yeah commence
mission let's go happy new beer oh yes I
just know I'm drinking a 6-point crafty
old resin eye IPA it's one of my
favorite eye IPAs at the moment it's a
very small can of beer but it's it's
like 9 percent alcohol so it mm-hmm it's
just nice it's nice to drink if you
don't like IPAs it might be a little
like drinking gasoline but for someone
who likes IPAs it's very rich and hearty
so I like it
yeah I heard the last game was terrible
button you know like I said I've been
out of the franchise for so long I'm
coming in fresh and I was expecting
terribleness after the opening I mean
that first cutscene was like 45 minutes
with sporadic gameplay thrown in and I
was expecting terribleness but since
then it's been this it's been basically
break into a camp in the desert and
either kill a guy or rescue a guy and
then get away from the camp in the
desert that's been the game so far so
really did max listen if max landis
wants to come best of the worst he is
more than welcome more than welcome
anyone anyone who can endure three films
okay here we go
prisoner extraction and you know what I
say max landis is more than welcome that
is not my decision
max landis can come to my house and eat
pizza if Mike and J don't okay where am
I gonna oh okay
now there are guys there like there are
randomly just guys all over the place
already I see dudes I see you dude yeah
I see like these communication towers
after I'm done with the mission I'm
gonna want to come back and explode
those because that means that if I
explode them they can't communicate with
other bases and send reinforcements and
stuff ok so just two dudes over there so
I can probably make my way around oh
wait I see another dude I see another
dude up there Laura over there I really
dig this part of it just like scanning
and I just dig scanning stuff
it feels it feels like I'm doing spy
work when I'm just sitting still and
looking through a telescope from very
far away I should probably get off my
horse now I'm getting close enough where
they can hear me I don't know the exact
rules yet max landis his father is John
Landis who directed many landmark
comedies and a number of Michael Jackson
music videos very well known and
respected comedy director I want to say
he directed like Animal House but off
the top mate I don't remember
hasn't directed in a while but in
general is a well respected director
sometimes the game is not very clear on
what rocks you can and can't climb up on
and
I'm gonna spy I'm gonna spy on you I'm
gonna spy that guy dumb fuck
truck guy has gotta scan those where are
they I see you got a scan the truck -
cuz then when these guys every once in a
while like a truck will drive in and
guys will walk around got a scan them
seeking so you can catch him later
just scanning dudes that's the game so
somewhere in here there we go somewhere
in here there is a prisoner have u.s.
ranked a mission yet the first mission
is ranked but beyond that now like it's
all I think all my missions have been
bees so far mostly because as you
noticed me I just I fuck around I don't
do a very good job I'm not very thorough
and I get I get impatient like I should
scan that gun so I should know where
that gun is boom ok now I know where
that gun is alright so in a perfect
world I probably want to go or like go
around here and come in somewhere
through the back cuz there seems to be a
strong front so can I get down over here
I can so I'm gonna crawl around over
here see if see if nobody notices me
I'm gonna try to sneak err on the back
of this encampment
I think I'm far enough away from that
light operator where he won't see me but
you know I don't know the exact girls
I'm a I'm a hundred meters away let's do
this oh yeah his lights over there he's
not gonna see me is what I say right
before he sees me right
why is this not torque sales right what
did you think like the first mission in
the cutscene where you have to escape
from the hospital is insane and dumb and
it's it's dumb it's the dumbest like
teach you how to do the mission mission
ever because there's so much insanity
and it wouldn't like it would have been
fine if the insanity would have kept up
throughout the rest of the game like I
said someone summons a fire whale to eat
a helicopter and that could be really
cool if like the game was about hunting
fire demons on unicorns which is also
another thing that really appears in the
game a fire demon rides a unicorn but
then so far besides that for that
opening cutscene the rest of the game
has been this has been crawling around
in the desert doing fairly standard
military ops give me a game about crazy
you know that's kind of like this is why
I locked on to blood-borne so much was
because the world was so crazy and full
of monsters and I liked that I do like
this I like the sneaking around part but
it seems so disconnected from well
there's a guy
it seems so disconnected from the
craziness that happened earlier you know
we're not gonna make it to good cover
I'm just gonna hide in this grass but
I'm still I'm giving it I'm not very far
in at all so I'm obviously I'm still
giving it a very real chance I'm not I'm
not jumping to any conclusions as of yet
oh here we go this is good this is a
good place to be I feel good about this
oh there's a guy tag you oh I see you is
that a guy oh I'm totally gonna go kill
you okay look at him he's just sitting
there all alone he's basically asking to
be killed there's no support around
you're in kind of a quiet area you're
basically asking to be killed and
interrogated so I guess I will unless
this guy's coming that way that 84
meters guy he might be coming this my
button fucking this guy I'll be dead by
the time he gets there there's another
guy sag him
these guys are kind of heading this
direction but I think I can get this guy
before they get there so the the fun
thing is you need to kind of get in
places and interrogate people to see
where your objective is and then they
tell you like where treasures are like
diamonds you need to collect diamonds
and shit
these guys are these guys coming this
way yeah but I got time I can do this I
can do this okay you have to also be
very careful in here because there's
like shit that can break and alert
people to your presence I don't know if
I can but I'm gonna I'm gonna kill this
guy
Tara gate
and great
all right great great we did that that
that went great so now we know the
location of the prisoners right there
that green triangle so now we can kind
of come up with a game plan which
usually just involves taking out people
closest to furthest away poop in front
can I just restrain him and poop in
front of him if this will real-life
that's what I would do I murder of
course I murdered him don't you guys
murder everyone in these games I do they
once they know I'm here of course I
murder them I don't want them reporting
who killed them to their superiors
always kill that's my rule no no I'm not
gonna move into the light to attract
some troops that never that didn't work
last time I'm gonna assume it's not
gonna work this time
slow and steady I don't like how fast
those two guys are moving
sometimes you can hear me have
conversations this guy's kind of
standing oh and I bet I could take him
out this guy right over here
those two guys go oh there's another guy
I see him
oh there's another radar dish you gotta
take that out these two guys are gonna
be troublemakers that kind of roaming
guards we gotta take them out
oh there the truck drivers great yes
they'll just drive away
nope nothing to see here truck drivers
nothing to see here at all I am go on
your way great all right here we go
not going to take any chances
okay
oh crap
someone might have seen me getting out
of here I can lay down snake
this guy's got nothing he's got nothing
what who can see me okay he might have
heard me he's got nothin he's got
another
why did you turn around you dickhead
you dickhead
I might be able to oh yeah I can
so again
snapped his neck and pick him up and
drag him away come on come on come on
and come over here now doo doo doo doo
nope nobody was there I don't know what
you're talking about
nobody was over there so now we do that
with the next guy oh why are you coming
back now
yeah these guys are a little dance but
that's okay
don't want that other guy that said turn
around and walk this way for no reason
and hide the body
you know it doesn't even need to be
anywhere good just an out of sight
great that guy was just kind of sitting
over there but he's out of the way so I
don't think we have to really deal with
him right now there's so many guys over
here I just need a good escape route
you know like once I get this guy I'm
planning on going back this way so
that's literally all I'm concerned about
right now is like clearing the path over
here to get a good escape route oh crap
come on come on come on come on
this guy gonna notice me nope nope it's
not great
nope nobody noticed the thing
do-do-do-do-do
everything's fine oh that's I gotta get
in this building here
I just turned off a generator to kind of
distract everybody you have to go check
it out and go check out that generator
situation
yeah
I might be able to get out of here now
or I might have to murder everybody
which is more likely
I take this tape sometimes you can take
like the tapes and I want kids in
America lights are back on
great
a little quiet okay
alright alright this guy's gonna come
back up I can totally kill him
I wouldn't know there's a guy behind him
a shit yeah you head back over there
don't be didn't see anything
you didn't see anything motherfucker or
you did and you're coming to check it
out but that's fine because I can
totally take you out then
alright why did I do I have a clear that
guy sleeping now great
okay let's go let's go
let's go
that guy's sleeping he's not gonna hear
a thing great
I wish the lights are off but you know
it's not a perfect world
as everybody else no fuck it let's go
great you know what that's minimal death
I don't think I killed oh no I just
killed that one guy oh and a dust storm
great no I can't Fulton er there's a
deaths arm and you need to kind of get
her out of enemy the enemy base where
I'll stay here you Fulton and it doesn't
matter now because I got a dust storm
it's what everything's fine everything's
fine I can't do shit if there's a dust
storm
you killed three people I killed one i
just i subdued the other two i killed
one person and i think that's acceptable
you murdered yeah I murdered the one guy
but he would have talked
most likely an intruder so I just need
to wait for the sandstorm to be over and
then I can fold in there oh sorry
so you see right now the Fulton is only
at 40% oh no now tied under for that oh
okay okay
by
Jack you could have Fulton her and it
wouldn't have mattered if they heard
because she would have been lifted up in
the mission would have been done yeah
but that's not really the mission for me
the mission is getting out undetected as
well you know it's not really a win
unless you do both fuck my horse can
come to me all right we got her that's
great let's go do a real mission now you
know that's from for me hmm you know
what there is a good reason to go back
and clear the camp I could go back clear
the camp gather all the resources and
take down their communications which
would be very helpful you know what
let's do that so every camp has these
resources and you need to collect all
these resources to build up mother base
because now you are in charge of mother
base first of all it was a she they'll
be searching so now I'm gonna basically
come in here and murder everyone and
steal all their stuff which you know why
not they're bad guys right very my plan
is to do that at least I don't know if
that's gonna happen my plan is to come
in here and murder everyone come on
see look at this guy he found like the
dead body and he's like yeah I guess
I'll just stand in the exact same
position I don't think anything bad I'll
happen to me
it's gonna be okay oh and we make them
first we make him ooh there's a highly
skilled soldier here thank you and
murder goodbye who's the highly skilled
soldier ooh where are you
there's an elite one of these stunt guys
is an elite soldier this guy too so that
guy right there is an elite soldier so
you know what he's getting foldings
right on out of here
Oh I guess I didn't need that lighter
that's fine
right are you an elite okay okay yeah I
forget
all right
is this Kathie Lee this is the Illya
right here okay great none of these guys
are noticing I mean I do love it that
Fulton is so ridiculous that folding is
just ridiculous so I kind of love it
they're asking a lot of the audience
though to be like all about this hyper
serious war stuff and be okay with silly
stuff like the Fulton that's that's a
big ask I think for the audience but I'm
okay with it
they don't quite manage it perfectly but
all right everybody seems to be over
there so it's just I think this is
another Fulton guy here
yeah oh no a knife Alton a ton of
soldiers I think there's this another
elites right here yeah this is nobody
I'll fold you oh there you go now we
noticed now you know it's a look at
these guys we're gonna take them down
one of us got pulled into the air by a
balloon the falton device is a real
thing
is it that's ridiculous if it is it's
ridiculous
check will never read that Fulton is no
I well there you go Chris event I did
read that I think I think it's
ridiculous I mean it's hilarious but
it's a real thing but it's corny as hell
in the game it is the the the
presentation in the game is very cheesy
what's going on here what am I waiting
for
guess I shouldn't have Fulton's a bad
guy cuz now everybody's all up on alert
anymore elites there's there's just so
much out there
well here we go this guy turned around
finally
whoo there's a diamond over there
and first we'll make them give me
something great and then we kill murder
because why wouldn't you murder everyone
and dump your body over here
I saw Dimond I gotta go get that I got
if to remember there's a diamond over
there murder everyone that's the name of
the game murder everyone five all these
guys they're close
oh don't piss this guy off can I go
through the lights off again that'll
rattle their cages a little bit maybe I
can go get that guy
please Fulton your defecation can I do
that
oh do they know I'm here seems like they
know I'm here
this guy totally does not see me
oh I wanted to murder him
do turn off your shit
you'll find a cassette tape here great I
forgot to check who the elite unit was
so it might be him so I don't wanna it
was him
what is this guy doing
Oh what what happened what the fuck
happened oh crap
what where did you come from
get up snake you son of a bitch all
right I'm getting out of here I have no
idea what happened there running running
running away just gonna run away where's
my horse we're gonna get on out of here
what do you mean I said
I was pressing the capture someone
button and it didn't capture him yeah
well you know what it doesn't matter I
got out I got a couple extra guys that's
all that matters
I got a couple extra guys that's all all
that matters okay great let's go to our
next real let's go to a real mission
we're going here right oh you know what
let's get a helicopter in here oh great
great that's right here he called in and
you killed him before the all clear was
given Oh some guys attack if you hold
them up or try to grab him okay all
right we'll see that's good to know
oh is that how you run with the horse I
did I honestly did not know how to run
faster with the horse
I have not mastered the art of pressing
square around the horse yet I was
actually trying to figure out how to do
that because in order to run why
wouldn't it be the same button because
to run when you're running it's you hold
down L stick so I thought it was hold
down L stick you know where the fuck's
my air support Jack is doing great now
you know what I cleared the mission I
got some extra stuff I'm gonna call it a
win I'll head over handy get get out of
my way horse
Juden Juden
did I learn the opponent's own yet No
know what