Episode 370
Rich Evans vs. All of Pokemon Wisdom
September 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZQtia9ZyyQ
___________________________________________

yeah yeah you keep going around in a
circle but that's fine okay strategy
time so don't talk to her on the number
one obviously that's misty yes he just
healed to HP but he got all of his
peepee back ready I'm sorry I'm gonna do
it again after this there is no hope
people are just saying there is no wall
it's a lie we told our childhood selves
that's possible we got too caught up in
the games lie we didn't expose it for
what it was
boom oh wait it's good tailwhip you look
at that uh look at that you've got green
and shit all my defense ball yeah he
finds it totally fell shy knee and
chrome shiny forever level up bitch yeah
you're a little more powerful now oh oh
and that's it you defeated her yeah yeah
tail whip tail whip what are you
thinking going right forward yeah oh my
god go right course go right for this is
it everybody this is the moment we've
been waiting for we've been hoping for
the second gym leader a water-type
strong against riches only pokemon he
has a full team of other pokemons is it
this is it is now or never go Oh bother
and and
okay stop I hope not okay let's see what
happens here
we got one counter-attack oh it's super
effective
almost half of Rich's X HP or whatever
the fuck it's called down another Meg oh
oh this could be it
Star you is recovering a bold strategy
star me regains some health what will Oh
bother do mega punch but by out okay
Oh Oh star me is taking a recover
strategy instead of attacking instead of
attacking that's fine let's find
delaying the inevitable possibly waiting
for Oh bother to miss to miss that's
that's a fine fine strategy Jack I have
potions up the ass you have potions up
the ass but remember you know you can't
potion takes up a move and a potion only
regains so much health rich you know
really rich is waiting for a critical
strike could end star Me's recover and
of course she could just be wearing down
the mega punch PP but of cream 11 PP
loves a little plenty of time here post
army is uh-oh and up we'll finally have
an attack we finally have an attack 12
another water pulse oh my god what is
rich gonna do does he recover he can't
recover
oh and he's confused this could be it
this could be it what do we do
what do we do do we try to fight do we
try to heal I think your potions only
heal you about 20 points he's going for
the mega punch but he is confused and Oh
bother
used mega punch
oh my fucking god he did it is there one
more
you defeated leader misty by mega
punching the shit out of everyone with
six health left all hope is lost
rich is the pokey man's master pokemons
suck it rich is the greatest pokemons
player to ever have existed rock paper
scissor my ass Oh paper just raped your
fucking scissors mr. Evans
tear down that wall nice oh my fucking
god I think that's a good place to