Episode 372
Metal Gear V hijinx (part 2)
September 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_Io2kRr2do
___________________________________________

goodnight Thanatos thanks for coming I
worked evening rocket League no I mean I
have been playing some actually and do
you know that you can crouch on your
horse it's weird that that would even
work hmm it's the same with the dog and
so after you but what ant what happened
was I was actually looking at the Chad
as I was riding across it stop looking
at the chat pay attention to this you
gotta get to the end of this mission
wrench yeah it's weird that they can't
see it it's like oh I guess a horse
would be passing by that's normal
why some guys leg you hanging off the
side of that horse I guess everything's
fine over here it's the same with your
puppy and your puppy by the way in in a
brilliant move of subtlety he's also
missing an eye and has an eyepatch when
he follows through on missions really
yeah lose an eye or he just sympathy I
frenched know it but your puppy is
losing an eye it was just a beat-up
puppy
yeah cuz he's a diamond dog rich just
like whatever yeah and your puppy is
just out there and the guards notice
them and they'd like to tell the shoe
like that's a weird there's a wolf with
an eyepatch over here
I hope someone doesn't stab me in the
belly
Octus Jack how do you keep yourself
motivated to edit edit I'm currently
editing a project and I'm always scared
to continue how do I get to the mood to
edit well right now if I don't edit I
can't eat or you know pay my mortgage so
that's a really good motivator but if
you're just doing it for fun or you know
like it's a side project or something
like that the thing that you need to
know is if you edit something you can
always change it later and that's what I
tell myself constantly is you know like
I don't feel like making any cuts
because it's like how what if it's not
the right one or you know I'm not really
feeling editing right now is you can
always go back and re-edit it later just
do some better that's all you need to do
is use that momentum
an object at rest tends to stay at rest
in an object in motion tends to stay in
motion and so all you need to do is
start moving and eventually it'll just
keep going and keep editing and and if
it sucks you just go back and you change
it later like when you are feeling in
the edit mood then you can take the work
you've already done and spruce it up but
just keep moving
that's my literally my only advice is
keep moving
yeah I don't think this is exactly this
is what I did first thing yeah it's just
wagons to go down here
also attacks motivational quote do
something that's it that's all you never
need know I'd never worked on avid or a
film splice oh I think I would be a
terrible editor if I had to work on a
film splice or worry you don't get that
many cuts nonlinear editing has been a
godsend where you can just fucking scrap
it I'll make a copy do something
different it's great great
you know like there's a lot of busy work
with editing to that that I do if I'm
not necessarily in the mood you know
labeling clips just watching it and
making markers knowing where all the
good stuff is
oh nice rich I didn't go this way that
looks like a great way to go oh do
so that's that's what I do you know and
then you get into a flow like oh this is
you know you said it's at a time like
okay this time during the day is my edit
time I know I'm gonna edit and you just
sit in front of your computer and edit
everybody has not worked almost worked I
think they take him away in that car so
there might be a way you can stop the
car up the road but I don't know if you
can do that without oh you know what you
can probably do is if you go to the road
you could just murder the driver - wait
- the farther away from everything
you're good enough shot
oh the people in the Jeep see you
Oh
oh don't worry them to stop for you oh
my god
quick get him getting Oh
like I just give up Jack well so here
here's what I'll tell you yeah is they
take that prisoner to the next area of
the lung huh and there's a way to get
them at the next area well I didn't I
because I I move too slowly to the next
area
yeah so you don't have to get it as I
guess what I'm saying yeah all right so
you know if he dies there he just dies
there I guess but or you could try to
get to the next the next area and go
quicker through that or just move
forward
I can only imagine riches playing
slightly more haphazard than he normally
would because of this dream or at least
that's what he's gonna tell us all ho by
the way spike 13 and 2 that's that was a
really cool thing about the Apple TV so
I'm going back to Apple yeah
so they announced the new Apple TV which
has this fancy controller which has a
touch area with it much like an iPhone
it's not a screen it's just a touch area
and it has a Syrian or some little cool
software features but one of the neatest
things is is they're they're opening of
an app store just for Apple TV and
they're they're opening up to games a
lot and so you use the the little swipe
remote as a gaming controller but it can
also be a multiplayer game gaming
console if anyone else has an iPhone or
an iPad they can play a game with you
just by using their iPhone as a swipey
which i think is really neat and so they
were giving examples of like a four
player game where one person had the
regular remote and three other people
just had an iPhone yeah like oh that's
really cool
beyond the eye yeah right but it'll also
you know do practical stuff
you know they were they were showing up
it's a new life search integration with
Siri and so you know they'll search
through all passions through Netflix
through through Hulu through iTunes
store everything and so you know the
lady was like oh I feel like watching an
action movie
how about how bout a James Bond movie
and so then it narrowed it down to you
know action games Bond movies oh just
the one starring Sean Connery boom you
know like that kind of smart search
contexts and sensitive search I thought
was really neat I guess what I'm saying
is I'm gonna want to buy an ITV
any multi I know you just want to stuff
up here
I see I don't even use binoculars oh
it's oh that's right you don't have the
stats binoculars that's true Apple
making it for $1,000 then Samsung will
do the same for $40 next year that's
true there's a you know Apple's a
special thing
how do you throw people gosh
right I'm Rachel right shoulder button
just throws them I fucking love that
so you guys are you trying to like get
further down in the road and take those
guys down
good
you know you could put them down gently
a politically worse than their
competitors apples special give the
thing that makes Apple special is far
and you know I'm incredibly biased I'm a
huge Apple and and I understand that but
the thing that that I think makes them
special is that they make both the
hardware and the software and so
computer people some computer people
would say that you know that that makes
their machines run a little smoother it
might it may or may not but because
they're because they are in charge of
the software side and the hardware side
that's what makes them special in my
book
the tourism yeah that was buttery smooth
stuff right there it's buttery I don't
know if this place that would work for
this game but I my third method would be
ghosting nobody sees you at all oh sure
don't know big name bother knocking into
the out you know nobody ever knows you
were there
oh sorry they don't make the harder they
design harder of course people in China
make up hey they design I don't know
anymore special well but theoretically
and you know this is this is just me
being a fanboy if you design all the ins
and outs and the software that runs the
ins and outs would theoretically be more
efficient
theoretically oh ya know and Apple over
charges for their products everyone
knows that but at least for the Apple
products I've purchased I've gotten an
incredible lifespan out of them so I
think it's worth it it's about fun maybe
it's a zombie horde oh I have you ever
seen your horse get picked up when you
get in the helicopter yeah your horse
gets Fulton down so maybe a foot it may
be a Fulton drops in I think the Fulton
drop
it's very silly even though I don't care
if it's some real thing it's very silly
it's a ghost tours that's actually gonna
be the twist at the end of the game is
your horse was dead the whole time I
could see that someone's gonna you know
your horse or your puppy or quiet is
gonna die or all of them someone someone
is someone who you're friends with is
gonna die at the end of the game right
that's gonna happen well this is a
prequel so we know what's gonna happen I
don't know what's gonna happen I haven't
paid attention in of the games I know I
know a big boss has to go on to develop
mother base and get metal gear back okay
it's preordained normally normally when
you do a prequel when you know what's
gonna happen in the characters you at
least fill in important back like this
is how they came to be mm-hmm but they
already had that with big boss in Metal
Gear 3 so this is just kind of
masturbation
yeah is there that thing you know he did
no no that happened inside really don't
hit that
the twist is that the horse is Big Boss
I like it
those guys are silly with their big-ass
radio backpacks yeah I love them I love
them something if I take them out they
won't be able to college back up how
that works well there are there are
radio did you do there's a side mission
where you like take out radio networks
and then each base has like a group of
three satellite dishes on it and if you
explode them they can't call for
reinforcements there there are things
you can do with one mission satellite
dishes yeah that might be oh yeah I know
and I know that this is 1984 so
everything is big and ridiculous that's
what I'm saying that's why I like it I
think it's funny but also you know you
have your holographic the I'd ride but
anyway
are you just gonna try to walk right
past them like that is it gonna work
we'll see I could regret this okay good
what are you doing I went to him go
don't count let's just hate casual
casual schedule and worse casual whores
guys you whores don't mind me I think
they noticed you oh can you get on the
other side man I think you are
wait are they coming back for you nope
they're going away fuck you that were
just a casual whores going for a casual
midnight stroll don't even worry about
me men whoo that a Irish God is
something special right there
if the horse could nonchalantly whistle
I'm sure it would
is there a nonchalant whistle button
great you know what I want that in a
self dude I'm officially I'm officially
stating this for anyone out there who
hears this I hated doing that but it
worked it worked it works great and I
feel bad that it worked
whoever designed a stealth game I want a
nonchalant whistle button that gives you
stealth points oh my god you just made
it past that base that was very lucky
that you just walked right past that you
didn't even know it was it I walked
around that anymore oh oh you knew that
was there okay
when I got up this Hill I didn't realize
it was so close artic is Rex says just
tune in our Jack and rich enjoying Metal
Gear Solid 5 Jack most certainly not
well I'm a bit more on the fence the I
believe the general consensus between us
is that the missions like what rich is
right here this is fun even though I'm
sucking the missions are very fun and
satisfying and there are parts of the
games that rich and I do not like Jack
does not like them more than rich yeah
bud I'm just ignoring those aspects of
the game so far but like what's
happening right the story we really like
we really like the missions
yeah you can get the horse armor the
horse gets armor I just got the upgrade
where I you can you can this is
something you can actually be in the
game right you can give your puppy a
knife you can give your puppy a knife
and tell them to go attack guards it's a
little they'll probably they'll probably
you know check it out they'll probably
investigate plays the games rich and I
are planning on doing metal design for
the next base well they just went on
alert status is what it said everyone
that's what is it so now what you need
to do is wait until they investigate and
give the all-clear wait wait we heard
gunfire weird the gunfire I know why
you're doing the smart thing really and
you doing it no how much do they pay you
they don't pay me enough vodka Oh fuckin
bed they give me they give me a room
maybe something called a ruble
you got that you gotta repo I got paid
in blankets I have eight two blankets
they just ran away yeah they just ran
away
now they're running back I think they
had a discuss I think they they ran away
to muster up their courage you can do
this
Dimitri I believe in you you should draw
nice nice rich it's fuckin and shut
now stick a knife in their throat
like why why bother hiding them they're
just gonna wake up when I can do this oh
yeah there you go
boom not a part of your team oh and by
the way let's be on the game every time
why do they scream when they're passed
out isn't that the whole thing is you
have to get them passed out so they
don't struggle
I'm moving them over here to protocol
numbers because we're in a cave
yeah and I don't think I can fold them
and it gives you the percentage points
look up I don't care this vibe oh sure
this is easy way to hide the bodies
subject leave the rest to us
oh okay it does cost GMP
yeah the animal screams - you're like
when you have you volton to animals yeah
yeah it's all very silly yeah that's why
I thought is this actually a full-blown
comedy right but apparently that's a
real question I had a legitimate
question that's right i Fulton the bear
on Sunday I found a bear fuckin it took
like 20 shots of the tranquilizer link
to get him down like right in the head
yep I got him though my fucking guy took
I think I died a couple times what are
you getting for fucking animals you get
money you just get my eye there's a like
a lion where they say like a
conservation group wants to save them
from the what do you get for a barrel I
think I got a decent amount of money I
don't remember it doesn't matter it's
just it's fun
how are some of these guys marked
alright while those guys are from their
mothers probably gg again like I said
you meet survivor I'm guessing the
Soviets are making him take them to the
honey bee all right following and I like
like I said earlier I did not get to him
in time but obviously you don't have to
eventually a zoo platform is built that
you can go and visit and see all the
animals who stole what it's really it's
so ridiculous it's not ridiculous make
up your mind
I talk about how much I tend to hate the
story of Metal Gear yeah oh and
apparently like getting more animals
means to get more money and more hero
points okay and that helps attract
soldiers to your base for the soldier
building minigame
where are you going you guys make up
your fucking mind
oh my god oh my god over it - you're
about to get lucky as a motherfucker
sandstone
but sandstorms made of one's life well
not totally blind
and you're gonna break you later
sandstorm dudududududududu today today
today today today today today today
today there's a song called sandstorm
and it goes like that did it into dude
dude dude yeah I do remember that you're
gonna run them like right into something
right yeah
the portable toilet they're gonna hide
inside watch the enemy doesn't decide to
use it same goes for hiding down enemies
in it okay
okay I'll take that yep you know that is
it's a poster you can collect them yeah
you get money enough someone something
you can like like make boxes with them
later or something and yourself just
don't stand too close to me afterward no
you know that big bows Miller
whatever his name is
sure right you got the Sun coming up
you know what I never did to end up
seeing Jurassic world rich did you ever
end up saying drastic route yeah never
came up I did some quick base management
why
I'm swimming that so if we check out the
Porta Potty and you're in there this
will keep them from checking the Porta
Potty
but that's only playing in your earpiece
I only assume that's why this is here
I guess that makes sense but you know
excitation hey I don't know why don't we
haven't gotten there yet oh you you have
to unlock the speaker function but yes
that works so for that part you were
just playing that in your ear oh yeah
but eventually you get a speaker
function and yes that will work slit his
throat split his fucking throat rich he
gave you information he's a worthless
come on people to give you information
throats yeah no one's gonna ever give
you information no no one else the time
I find this guy he's gonna spill his
guts cuz he knows I leave my wife
but it's to be able to catch that guy
he's up the tail they're taking him
someone Oh or is he still in the front
steps
he's somewhere else
fuck he's radioing but you gotta catch
him before the radios let us throw it as
quickly slit his fucking throat he's the
enemy rich fucking spill his blood paint
down your face I am a monster I kill
everyone I kill everyone I give me
information I kill fucking everyone
because that's yeah Mike come on cluster
guys little popgun
I'm liking this mission they're not
letting you get the groover I love this
game
we also have iron sights on
oh my god
the fuck did you get spotted by
but that's that's true
oh shit see if he can Fulton that
prisoner in there oh my god so many
soldiers no no he wasn't a place of a
hundred percent but you moved him to a
place of zero percent so now I'm moving
like slightly more into the open
yeah that's good enough 90 you do that
sound
get out of here get out of town he's a
mute
it's it's inside
did I change guns Oh oh yeah if you if
you hold down circle you you take the
gun on the ground so you got to find
your guy can yeah okay good I do that
all the time like if I'm trying to pick
up a guy I'll pick up their gun instead
yeah oh wait now also reload
so do you see how you ready chose white
it's not in your that means it's not in
your effective range it needs to be read
locate great range thing there's a range
that makes sense
how's the chat feeling about me no I
think now they're talking about other
stuff oh now that I'm not sucking not
only and better things
salesman yes that that is a that's a
factual error hitting someone in the
head should not affect them faster than
hitting them anywhere else if anything
you should have to make like a heart
shot or something you know I think the
head shot is just for you it's probably
a lethal dose in their head which is why
it knocks them out so it's a gameplay
thing is more of a challenge so legs are
not embarrassing yes
shutting up nothing it's great I think I
think if you well then this is a fun
this is a business fun you know you know
why it's a fun big map it's a nice big
map and I really like that about this
one and for the first time in the game I
want to say there's a varied environment
you know where it's like we're a little
outside we're a little inside there's a
cave I didn't yep everything's fine
that's right I kill commies during
during my run I killed everyone
like I would interrogate them and just
murder everyone yeah so far you you're
not a murderer you you leave them alive
you leave the challenge you well you
know I caught them sneak away and then I
would slit their throat yeah after I got
their information beat wallet cuz here's
the thing they're gonna go on and give
like possibly a description of you maybe
say what you were wearing sure if they
know what I look like y'all come this
way
I'm leaving no witnesses I'm being moral
selfie yeah you are being more humane
and that's what gets you killed rich in
the real world that's what gets you
killed
I usually like when I play the game I'd
take time to dump the dead bodies like
in in the woods or whatnot but now you
know as concerns speak I wanted to get
this thing you know I think killing
value man is better than leaving them
alive I don't want anyone to give in a
description of me in my stealth attune
what happened Oh cutscene I was all set
to jump in the Jeep and drive away I was
all I could I'm gonna use that Jeep I
know what I'm doing okay
and what a cutscene it is rich
little girls there yeah
and so things
I'm sometimes a descriptor I was
enjoying this before the supernatural
should happen I know I was really into
what I was doing I mean I was loving it
and now this me too and by the way that
was exactly my same reaction on Sunday
which was just dead silence gone what
yeah it was a really fun mission right
oh yeah sneaking all the way up to the
bays getting in there what if forward to
getting out of the base I really was
they're all going in to investigate the
body yeah no it's a good plan no you
look well-rested big boss that is the
dumbest thing how you've changed you bi
no that's not the dumbest thing yeah
you're about to see the dumbest thing
rich
well I'm sure you'll see the bigger
picture eventually there's the dumbest
thing the the bad guys wearing a Lone
Ranger that's what
why if you get out of here he's not
hiding anything
what is your face he's hiding his
identity rich this time
you inhale story it's a walking robot
that cost 100 trillion dollars we'll
take it down with this tank it's got
many weak points of the joints and it
can topple over and break easily and it
costs a lot of manpower a lot of
manpower and money to build we could
have had like like 20 jets like 20 jets
eat any one of them that's much faster
and more efficient any one of the Jets
could take down this easily
why doesn't the mist possess you
the skulls what's he doing to that
soldier
go other way that's you're going to
example I did I ran away other people in
the chat we're saying that they were
able to fight them off you could use the
rocket launcher to fight them off but I
just fucking ran away once you got here
I got my mojo oh yeah
I I was waiting on that because I could
tell how much you were really enjoying
that Metal Gear just stop it you're fun
when you're not Metal Gear you don't
really know how to tell a story you just
you don't think you do I think here's
here's my my thought is I think Kojima
has a lot of fun ideas you know big
metal man the demand the mask the the
spinous like I think he has a lot of fun
ideas that he doesn't necessarily know
how to put
you know
yeah yeah really turn up and now
there'll be a path on your right
yeah
I should be able to get there all right
yeah that's right dong Ali Kojima will
absolutely be the next to start a
Kickstarter oh yeah for the spiritual
successor to Metal Gear and it will go
nuts H it just like every other one
pick up
okay
they have one flawed run early spring
back
I thought I was gonna have to blow it
away oh yeah Hellcats preggers you two
have a nice lose and thanks for coming
by
it's been fun when it kicks itself in
the balls yeah that sneaking was a lot
of fun wasn't yeah it was it was a great
little sneaky section up until the Miss
zombies but the missed zombies well I
think you know that I was talking about
earlier about like comparing it to like
the tone of like something like
blood-borne where Rick resergy is is
chiding us for our cynicism your
cynicism I'm Metal Gear it's just not
that's not what they've come to expect
with us Ross why am i wrong to not like
the nonsense why am i wrong well this is
what I'm saying
what if the entire if the gameplay we
structured around the nonsense I think
it could be a lot of fun it's it's not
the nonsense and this is me just
speaking for me it's nothin um since I
don't like it's the nonsense paired with
the very serious stripped-down spy
gameplay nonsense cutscenes slow
methodical they can't you engrossed with
this serious technical military stuff
yeah and then they pull the rug right
from out from under you with and then
elaborate cutscenes and and guys
floating around with a gas mask and
skeleton men with masks on for some
reason yeah yeah
yeah you're not wrong to not like you're
also you're just also not right either
it's a preference then yeah I'm we're
talking about our preference deal with
it this is I didn't say no point did I
ever say that you shouldn't like these
things at no point did I say that I've
understood for years then people love
this it's just it's not for me right I'm
not gonna pretend it is for me oh all
we've been trying to do is articulate
our thoughts and feelings which is is
what was purposeful point we don't we
didn't we didn't start a gaming thing so
we can tell you how you feel about
something you know how you feel about it
okay okay we're done let's do the thing
let's thank our wonderful subscribers
wait yeah you might have a cutscene no
no we don't there's no ill-will but
after that I most definitely
nope no we can't risk is in the testes
in the task manager now you check how
often you see me skip cutscenes ma ones
I've never even seen before
hmm his name Space Camp
Wylie h2o a bung Doug janvier 20 green
curry camo Jack you sure zip zap oh you
scrolling zip zap crocodile brain uncool
uncool eight-man chaos 1 4 2 8 fisted
buy dope smoke no you have to do oh I do
Batman voice why am I getting all the
weird ones cow Chuck cow pops color pops
cooler cool pose okay I'm just gonna
come powerpuffs great it's close enough
thank you no cool it folks
so Hillary man fat LOI
battle machine 322 know what go to hell
horse room studio boom front and AHS
Mike thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do as we really do
we really do we do we appreciate
subscriptions in and you know what and I
know there was a lot of back-and-forth
in the chat and we don't feel bad and we
don't want like you guys to think that
we are like bitching about the comments
like we want this back and forth the the
back of course with the chat is what
makes live-streaming different than the
other videos and so we appreciate you
guys coming out even when you're telling
us we're wrong we we appreciate it I
really was I was so into it sneaking
through that area yeah taking out those
guys with the headshots the sleeve it
was cool that was going oh cool man Lone
Ranger bass I was so excited to make my
escape on that Jeep I'm like oh that
Jeep is sitting right there I'm gonna
hop in and speed off it's gonna be
awesome
oh oh oh fuck you game are we done hey
guess