Episode 373
Mad to the Max. (Part 3)
September 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh06ppTSU3E
___________________________________________

and I know I'm running out of time you
know right now Isaac is kind of my
is my late night game if if Lisa's ever
watching something she's been watching a
show that she's really into right now
and so but of Court you know recently
was like metal gear but if she's ever
watching something else's pick up Isaac
so for a couple hours a day but yay
stream that's right Tiberius Kirk yay
stream yay everybody hates us everybody
hates us cuz we don't much care for
metal gear for reasons that are
seemingly valid but hey it doesn't
matter
Oh family if you use the seeds you don't
put the achievement oh well that's good
to know because I haven't been
eventually would have broken down and
used the seed and then I wouldn't have
gotten the achievement room what the
fuck I would have sent so many angry
tweets
oh I know mr. Jesmond I like that and
you know again rich and I don't want to
take away any one enjoyment of the game
we're just trying to articulate our own
feelings these fair Jack's feelings on
lot stronger than it's true my feelings
are a lot stronger than I am more on the
fencing yes than jackets and I've gone
to I've gone to full over contempt
there's a lot of individual things I
like and for some reason as a whole I'm
not super into it right and I agree with
rich on the individual things that I
like about the game and like I talked
about on Sunday
I love nights the individual missions I
love planning the missions I love the
the reconnaissance I'm I just love
sneaking and oh I being sneaky so much
being sneaky is so much fun sandstorms
oh my god I fucking love Sam still yes I
was on a big mission recently and it was
like a huge area yeah and and I was at
the final objective and there was a
there was a guy in a roof and I you know
quickly you know grabbed him
interrogated him and he said there were
some blueprints but the blueprints were
in a building way on the other side of
the arena fucking I need these
blueprints before I complete the mission
so I had all the way over to the
blueprints and I'm into his wide-open
area and there's a ton of guys and his
sandstone comes and I say in stone
blocks everyone's vision yeah so
basically just fucking run it was it was
wonderful but then I took so long to go
get the blueprints that a different guy
who I had just knocked out and didn't
want to Fulton him out yet because other
guys were around him hadn't woken up oh
my god oh my it was an alarm got raised
it was a hole to do is great it was
fucking great the individual missions
are so much fun but there's this other
part to the game that has now started to
take over the game base management
cut-scenes story all those things I
really fucking hate I'm going to
continue to try and ignore base
management as much as I can
other than maybe trying to get somebody
to build me every now and then well
that's the problem is to build certain
equipment you need your your individual
parts of your base to be at certain
levels and so then it's really important
to like make sure the right people are
on the right teams to get rid of
troublemakers when there are some and
apparently there are special rules for
troublemakers where if there are two
troublemakers on a team that cancel each
other out and so then you need to make
sure that there's an even number of
troublemakers if there are troublemakers
it sounds like a pain in the ass and
exactly the kind of thing I don't want
to do at a tactical espionage stealth
game this is where I am rich yeah this
is where I fucking am and I'm not like
looking online for like strategies or
anything I'm just listening to what the
game tells me that's what I'm doing only
the things that game time yes I know
twitchplayspokemon that there's a button
to automatically assign everyone look
but then why have that part of the game
like you're supposed to be the big boss
you're supposed to be in charge and the
game tells you to be in charge and
manage your guys so I'm listening to the
game I understand completely that I can
ignore all of this but I'm doing my best
to do what the game tells me to do I'm
letting the game bring me in and I hate
it
live and learn and again the fan ATO's I
know I don't have to do everything the
game suggests but the thing is if why
are they suggesting something that is
tedious it shouldn't this just be if if
the things that are bothering me about
the game are tedious by nature and can
be very easily skipped then why are they
even part of the game no I played a lot
of it today and some extra I'm just
extra riled up about the middle of your
day go get some fucking water my beer
now that you guys are giving me before
you know that part of the game can be
ignored would be like it'd be like if
you were watching a movie like oh you
know this movie was pretty good except
for like there's these two seams that
are really out of place and someone goes
well you know on the DVD you can just
skip those seams you know well let's
this part of the fucking movie that's
it's still a problem because it's part
of the movie and of course I could just
skip those scenes and not be bothered by
those specific scenes but then why did
they put anything you want or agendas
here I'm just here having fun
see me fail at metal you do it
oh my god that would be so awesome I
don't know how Ronda Rousey acts but I
did hear that leftover beefcake did you
hear that Ronda Rousey the the fire the
Ultimate Fighter is starring rumor is
starring in a Roadhouse remake
I love Roadhouse I'd love to you know
you know I mean it's not a good movie
but it's one of those that you should
see I saw Jays face punching montage I
think about Roadhouse yes if they can
make if they can make a dumb fucking
action movie with it with a chick
bouncer I would love that
who knows how good of an actress she is
she might be terrible but it would be
very fun to watch I am I'm a little
burned out on metal gear right now and
I'm sorry that I'm bringing this into
the stream no no people what people are
just catching up with my with my metal
gear thing you know but again this is
someone you know that rich and I've been
talking about which is like why am I so
upset that I've been playing this game
that's what I'm trying to figure out YUM
when I know there's a lot of things I
should love about it right
and so I've been doing my best to
articulate my points and and of course
there are counter points and and if you
like the world and if you're you know
you've played all the games we like the
characters and you just like being in
the world
I think there's a lot of stuff that a
veteran of the Metal Gear series will
look over it's like oh that's just Metal
Gear thank you
but as someone who hasn't played really
played a game since then Metal Gear
Solid 4 PlayStation 1 I'm just fucking
pissed off and that's Metal Gear is not
a good enough explanation for
what's going on I'm getting harassed
constantly
I don't want to fuck around with cars so
wasting ammo killing them all
oh great now the snipers on their way oh
fuck you fuck off
oh no CAMAC scene it's fine if you want
to bring it up like obviously like metal
gears the big game right now everyone's
talking about it and that you know I
guess obviously I'm bringing up a lot of
my negative points now or forever hold
your peace
I'll fucking hold my peace and I I do
want to reiterate that I really do enjoy
the individual missions like just
planning my route of attack yep trying
to figure out like oh you know if I get
caught here where can I escape to fine
you know her interrogating all the guys
and finding all the extra like items for
your base I love all that I just can't
bring myself to do more than one or two
missions in fact this is the thing this
is the real thing but the rate I'm going
it'll take me five years that's a good
investment but each individual mission I
really do enjoy I have a lot of fun I
even have a thought a lot of fun just
walking around in the world just Nina
riding your horse looking for plants
fucking I'll cut that plant okay so I
don't wanna I don't want to sound like
I'm 100 percent shitting on the game
overall I don't much care for right now
but it's not a hundred percent thing
there are aspects at the door
oh yeah how these guys are painted
you know mr. Schine smile I'm not angry
about the cutscenes here here's what
bothers me about the cutscenes is I want
some of that crazy in the game you know
I what crazy girl goes crazy I want some
of it here goes crazy enough we can have
that up your game that doesn't go crazy
like you know for example let's take
blood-borne as a counterpoint right the
entire game is fighting these huge
grotesque monsters they're fighting
monsters right some small monsters some
big monsters and they have these little
cutscenes in blood-borne that have big
monsters in them but in Metal Gear we
have these cutscenes with ridiculous
characters and and over-the-top anime
asks I finest but then the game is
standard military dry espionage drama
and so you can be silly you can be
serious you can be a mixture but be
consistent don't go from one to the
other from one extreme to the other and
that's that's my problem with the
cutscenes is they they are not connected
to the gameplay so far maybe maybe it
gets there later again I'm only at 15%
of the game but so far the cutscenes
have been demons riding unicorns and the
gameplay is
because they own key strategic military
document I would be so fine with just
that yeah exactly
right right I would be fine with that
but this is my problem I was so upset
when I got attacked fighting like mr.
ghost zombie men yeah well I rescued a
powa but sunglasses back I was having a
nice dry there disparate they're not
connected well of course but that
doesn't mean it
am I only complaining about Metal Gear
cutscenes because I have to watch them
for review purposes maybe I'm not gonna
I'm at this point I've decided I'm not
gonna watch them for review purposes
I've already decided I hate the
storytelling seeing more of it isn't
going to change whatever the next time I
see a fire zombie I'm torn out mm-hmm
that's true I did I just ran it did you
fight those zombies in that first level
I tried yeah I just ran away to I've
died a couple times and then I ran away
yeah I died a couple times it's just
really annoying isn't ruined like pretty
perfect
stolen chaos who says he doesn't
understand all the Metal Gear discussion
when we're not playing it at the moment
we are both playing it also and I'm
gonna go out on a limb and say Mad Max
doesn't have that much to discuss
the thing you need to take away from
metal gear is rich would rather be
playing that max right now that is true
in general I'm getting more enjoyment
out of this yes
fan fan of toast I would be more
accepting of the fantasy elements of
Metal Gear if it didn't have the hard
military military aesthetic what I'm
asking for is is one or the other either
the game is a dry military espionage
game or it's a fantasy anime rock but at
the at the moment they are jumping
wildly from these two disparate tones
and that makes it no good time
so I don't I thought we have the same
that is this Batman DLC right it is
almost to the combat does feel just
different enough I think saying this
earlier I think before you even showed
up
yeah then we need to stop thinking of
this as Batman combat okay it's free
flow combat is its own thing okay
the early first-person shooters after
then we're all called doom clothes right
right up to and I think including
half-life half-life was a doom clone at
some point we realized oh no this is in
fact a new genre called the first-person
shooter yes okay and this I think we're
at the point where we need to recognize
this is just a new genre of fighting
game what did you call the funny free
flow and three flow calm it's been given
okay so this is just it has a free flow
fighting mechanic yeah okay a free flow
fighter that's hard to say I think I
think that's where we're at in life the
free flow fighter oh man I can't do it
fighter I've had a drink I've had one
beer rich and I can't do it the free
flow fighter yeah rich loves zone of the
enders which is anime is fucked yes
somehow is like 20 times more down to
earth than Metal Gear other than the
giant robots really zone of the Ender's
isn't that anime all said and done
haha but also you know cuz you played
zone of the Ender's mom yeah it seemed
like it had its tone pretty well down in
the anime sector yeah you know like it
chose its horse it chosen our crazy
rainbow anime holes what I am yes yes it
wasn't trying to be at all
you're missing some scrap there's one
hit around here somewhere how do you
know it tells you five 600 that is
annoying because it's just that one I
could run around looking for it but I
don't know how long that'll take
I'll look for it you know what once you
find it then we'll switch over to middle
you well I could run around look at the
scrap or I could try and beat one more
base up mm-hmm I think I'd rather beat
another base object okay be another good
beating scrap then there's what I mean
it doesn't matter if Kojima didn't write
zone Evander's he's just a producer can
you just we were making a comparison
you're a fan of Metal Gear I think
that's great
be a fan of Miller yeah like what you
like me
we're not here to harp on that yeah
we're not here to take away your like of
Metal Gear we're discussing why we're
not into it at the moment
and I think you should you should like
whatever you like do you do you
ionic Li like Kesha that's just that
that's a thing I enjoy I enjoy kind of
shitty girly pop I love it I think it's
great I'm sure there are plenty of
reasons why I shouldn't like valid
reasons that's not gonna stop - okay
dollar sign fuck just keep saying those
things you're saying I don't know what
that's you just keep doing that she
spells she spells her name was she she
spells her s with a dollar sign
what Kesha
that's just it is
speaking of dollar signs a name I've
also been really enjoying Aesop Rock
he's a rapper he's great
well he's not great but I enjoy his out
long live I'm really listening to the
fuck out of my language with headphones
cuz he cusses a lot straight-up a lot of
cussing it's my car
what
uh-huh
the killer of scrotus cops comes in that
crack yonder you go in it Kesha doesn't
change the fact that you are factually
wrong factually wrong about what we have
given nothing but opinions so far look
to the right engines are different than
facts good people don't like when you
don't love things they love I know I
know
are you upset because we said that I've
never said I even hated the Belger right
I've just said I don't love it
I think I think he's upset because we
called Kojima the director of zona
vendors and he was only the producer
whatever who fucking cares he's got his
name on two games it's in your fucking
manner everything's fine like all the
time
it's gonna be well Joe Jack said earlier
that I think it's a bad game there are
aspects I really like rich is still on
the fence yeah we're not gonna believe
it or not we're not the same person rich
and I are we have different rulings on
things yes and everything we say or do
is like only what we individually think
and there's you know we actually we
don't have a hive mind we don't we don't
rich is still on the fence on whether or
not he enjoys the game I I have decided
I'm still going to give it a go and I'm
still going to do my best to be
objective about the game even though you
know the past 20 hours I have not much
cared for
leftover beefcake I'll never talk shit
about Road eyes I love Roadhouse
okay hold on fan a toast I'm gonna I'm
with you your I'm officially I'm delving
into your crazy well you know he's
trying to fit when you say that the game
makes you do things you don't have to do
you doing the things you don't like and
saying you didn't like them makes no
sense don't do them about some of the
tenders I thought you were wondering why
this is Jonathan and this was less anime
than Metal Gear Solid oh you don't
really care about that
oh no well and you know as far as like
the whole base management thing I'm
complaining about base management and
about going around and raising morale I
don't like that part of the game and I
could just ignore it
but like I said the game has told me
that that is important and see we're
different people I am chosen to ignore
it right right I like to pay attention
to those parts of the games like if a
game tells me that like oh you know
you'd do this he'll raise your morale
and they'll make stuff faster for you I
can only assume that going around and
getting your guys to salute you has some
sort of benefit because it gives you a
little pellet you go around some guys to
lose you and you get a little bigger
staff morale is great
you I've raised a camera just by kicking
bassoon so then I want to get that bin
every single time the game has
positively reinforced
the get your staff to salute you
it's not a game I particularly enjoy but
the game has told me that it's good and
it has positively reinforced my actions
again the the analogy is you know is the
movie the scene I don't like in the
movie
you could always skip it I could always
skip it but the game tells me it wants
me to do these things this is this is
how I'm playing the game and if it's bad
why is it in the game maybe because it's
a bad game but if you don't like it why
torture yourself then why put it in the
game I'm torturing myself because I have
to play the game for the show that's
what I'm touching
it's just a way
search police Pokemon says it's a
benefit but not a big one raising morale
this way is like collecting near
worthless collectibles in platformers
it's just something to do while passing
the time the game has given no
indication of that I'm glad I'm glad to
hear that personally because I will stop
doing it then but the game has not given
any indication to that it gives me a
pellet every time I get a guy to salute
me it gives me a reward we need to do a
few times I don't think I would waste a
lot of time doing it though I've been
the game told me I shouldn't rich why
would I not listen to the game boy games
have fun I'm not having fun doing
something in a game then it might not be
a fun game I'm probably not do it if I
don't absolutely have to
hmm then why would the game tell you to
do it in the first place it's an option
people OCD
I'm not have OCD I do like you know
things to be orderly but I would like to
end this game max Jack do I think that
the base management is inherently bad or
do I just not personally like base
management
I don't like base management it's not
what I want to do was in any tactical
espionage stealth game yeah it's like
it's like it's like work on top of your
thing you will you paid money for so I
guess to answer your question I think
both I think I don't like it in general
and it does not mesh well with the
stealthy action II part of the game it
also I don't think meshes tonally with
the game which is going for a war as
hell kind of tone a tired of war you
know that's that's kind of the look that
snake has on him at all times as he's
tired of war but literally the entire
base management thing is build a bigger
war you know so I think it doesn't mesh
tonally it doesn't mesh with the other
part of the game which is more action II
and personally I don't like it so there
you go all three the trifecta
saying the theme is revenge
the theme is revenge
the wire more my missions against the
people who hurt you directly why are we
fucking around and Afghanistan and the
theme is revenge rich Evans just drop
the mic
there is no theme I don't think there's
them knowing I don't think the theme is
revenge well I mean we have a Mad Max
jacket we have a mathematic jacket do it
yeah which oddly enough is completely
different from the one in the opening
cutscene Kojima said the theme is race
what what yeah I know I know we're
tracking down cypher like I get it that
the story is revenge I'm trying to think
of what happens in the game so so quick
lesson for everyone who's upset with us
for not believing that the theme is
revenge so theme and story are usually
different things in the story yes we are
we are getting revenge over those who
destroyed mother base and that's why
we're rebuilding mother base right but
I'm trying to think of things that
happen in the game that go along with
the theme of revenge
and it's hard for me to think of those
things
no we've been I've been watching every
single goddamn cutscene and you guys
know how much I hate cutscenes I've been
watching all of them I've been watching
all my get it why do I have to watch it
because story is an important part of
the game what if I'm not liking it then
then you have to elaborate on why you're
not liking them and even after you
elaborate on why you're not liking then
they still want to be good so nothing
matters nothing matters rich our opinion
is wrong my
most of the toys and the cassette tapes
great great I'll get right I'll get
ready fucking out that most of the story
is in an optional thing but ties
directly I'm you know I'm glad it's
optional you know I've never enjoyed
metal gear story I always thought they
were kind of full of themselves and you
don't earn that that importance just so
they're not so you have your story in
your cutscenes which is completely
separate than from the game and then you
have the real story which is in another
part of the game that's also completely
separate from the story and the
cutscenes I think that's great I think
if we could break up the story into a
few more sections that'd be great but
like the real real important story you
need to actually talk to your horse it's
a real big thing you have to find this
one interpreter who speaks for us
I'm not sure I'm really not sure I'm
dead serious I wasn't sure
yes then it says I do know that you can
listen to these story tapes during your
missions I don't want to that's not true
pet Vick I was I was completely ready to
accept the game you know so now we're to
the point of the evening where people
are accusing you know us but probably
pointed at me of not liking the game
before I was there look at that point I
upfront beep nice biased against the
story because I've always thought the
middle gear stories were full of shit
sure chair but I was ready to be
entertained by the gameplay yes and I
kind of am I'm not completely in love
and I'm wondering if it's because the
story context isn't there to fully pull
me into the world the stuff was really
great for immersion mm-hmm I think this
is you're taking your time you're paying
attention your surroundings you're very
aware of what's going around you're very
into the world yeah
and I'm wondering if it's not hurting me
that there's not a story I care about
that's sucking me fully into the world
mm-hmm so that I can be immersed in that
atmosphere yep you meet you because that
like if you're really into the story
then your missions have some weight to
them thief thief I always go back to
thief yeah I'm stole yeah because you
know very very vulnerable very fragile
very aware of your surroundings do you
have to be very immersed in that world
yeah I love taking in their worlds which
is a beautiful wonderful fantasy world
yeah and mental you're not vetted oh
it's just there
yeah
they say here so here's where we are I'm
like kicking ass yeah in Mad Max yeah
and now I have to and it's not even that
I hate about who cares I'm having fun
doing this yeah it's hard to go play
metal here when I would rather be doing
this
yeah I don't know what other games they
have now I honestly would be a little
curious to see how you play I'm trying
to play play a little mini good Metal
Gear make sure I'm saved
because I've got my mojo I was like
kicking ass yeah
or array or we could play with more
Rockets yeah yeah we can't play more
rocket
we might want
which have you played this honored I'm
going through some day and I'm probably
going to like it hmm okay all those ones
have been meaning to get around to it
when I do have like the time to get into
it I forget it exists mm-hmm I'm into
something else you know sure or there's
something I play for the show I'm not
talking about metal gear I'm just saying
in general there's been a lot of times
well this game I have to play no yep
yeah yeah I know I know dishonored is
something like a spiritual successor so
it looks neat yeah it looks like it has
a neat world I've seen somewhat like you
know some highlight reels you know
people's super amazing kills in
Dishonored and it looks awesome I miss I
miss being able to save myself in games
I hate having to be reliant on the
autosave hmm I'm with you
you know they can do both they really
can I think so yeah that yeah that has
come into play many times during Metal
Gear no mostly because sometimes if you
you know you leave the game like you
know you watch your cutscene
everything's fine and then you leave the
game and then they make Yuri watch the
little cutscene and it's like wait I've
already seen this the fury road
steelbook no no I didn't get the funeral
road steelbook
Thank You CAMAC seeing I hear you I know
but I I'm comfortable in having an
opinion and I'm comfortable with other
people's opinions and I think and you
know we've talked about this before you
know like why people get so defensive
over over opinions and the things they
like it's because we we use the things
we like to help define ourselves and so
it feels like an attack on Metal Gear is
an attack on the person who likes Metal
Gear yeah and you know I'm not I'm not
attacking anyone who likes Metal Gear
I'm explaining why I don't like it and
if you like it I think that's great but
you're wrong for not liking it the rough
no I'm glad that you found something
that you enjoy and I think finding
something that you enjoy is a really
difficult thing and so congratulations
on finding something you've enjoyed I
don't enjoy it and I tell people why I
don't enjoy it and that's part of my
life is telling people why I enjoy or
don't enjoy