Episode 380
Fun with Mario Maker (Part 3)
September 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELtWiadE6KI
___________________________________________

yeah alright alright we are going to do
get out of here okay we're going to do
with three seven seven six zero zero
zero zero
I should have why did I even zero zero
four to e be de what Edward bagel Daniel
Edward Edward bagel
Daniel Edwards okay here we go
good enough doing it good enough for who
good enough good enough for me good
enough for me
good enough for mud run so it's good
enough for me delivery yeah the guy who
did the the cartoon drawing app Lincoln
that was Bill muttering oh yeah yeah oh
oh look for the villager who ya from uh
from my animal crossing oh he's in Super
Smash Bros oh oh he's got to be a secret
up here right one would hope
nope no no no no - no - designer put
secret up there disappointed
mediocre
nope nope wait bill muttering did what I
think into the baby cartoon drawing up
Lincoln that that's used for the logo of
red letter media and whatnot okay oh my
god I keep losing him I love I want to
be the villager he's adorable things
gonna go out of it right um yeah I'm
saying yet probably not question us
what's down thing oh my oh my god
looking for coins here I'm looking for a
Lincoln flagon Meghan hey Michael
absolutely before I go inside of it I'm
not gonna lose it this time sure you are
well I'm not there I've lost in Super
Smash Brothers the the villager has a
move where he plants a tree and the tree
grows like over the course of the year
it's a really long battle you have to
you have to plant a tree and then water
the tree and the tree grows and then you
can chop it down and it's three
different moves and when you chop down I
can attack people okay is one of my
favorite cousins faster others because
it's so every day goes nothing
I'm mud Ron let's see what you're up I'm
done
I want to be the villager so I'm not
gonna get that what if it's something
even cooler I want to be the villager
Jack has spoken
yes I'm concerned with oh fuck oh yeah
what was that that was that was the
grace of God and then mm and then defeat
from the jaws of victory I'm on it
settle your flippity flippity jiminy
Liberty jiminy Liberty to begin I here
we go here we go here we go
I can do this you're on
a weird blind jump on your part jack
well you know I knew it was there
somewhere oh no I had the fighter yep
you did what you got what you got
hey somebody else is a fan of the
villager mm-hmm
can you set it soon as default one of
these things that is a good question
that is a good question or it's I do not
oh shit shit oh my god
shit not bad not bad you got it whew
that was tough one that gave me some
sweaty palms there sorry I'm gonna pass
your controller here that uh that's a
little if you scan amiibos in this game
they get added as costumes oh that's fun
ah that is still not a good enough
reason to buy me an amiibo so I'm still
vehemently anti amiibo all right why
don't we haven't you touch your kids
want them they don't know they exist all
right what are we doing what are we
doing let's get one from the chat can
send us a level set it's Chad if you've
done a level and if we have not already
played a level of yours Sam it's a level
the first level I see I'm gonna play I
don't think those donuts were in the
original Mario chat I think this for
those first appeared in three but this
is this game don't give no fuck this
isn't this is an original Mario this
ain't your father's Mario or we're
really old now this ain't your
grandfather's Mario okay ready yep four
nine six
f00 Zuzu
wait what was that last part again zero
zero zero zero yes 0 and then 0 0 and
then 0 0 1 2 9 2 FB ok ok what the fuck
is this
and so what the fuck is this fuck is
this straight from the pun oh my god
this is this is a fever dream
I get the gimmick what being big hurts
you can't--it's makes it harder to get
to the level you need to try and stay
small nice how it's terrible oh damn it
suspense says buying a we you this
holiday because of this dream thanks for
taking my money and handing it over to a
billion-dollar corporation it's not our
fault that Nintendo makes quality thorns
this it's one of those things where
where this easily could have been
garbage yeah you know like like for
example if it was just the maker you
know like there was no like
interconnectivity no sharing I would
have sucked
yeah Alfa fuck's sake like that's one of
those things that were like the gimmick
would have gotten old because you
wouldn't have had you know only the
levels you design you could play a
button whoa fuck tense tense tense
trying to stay away from that's a clever
design choice I dunno I didn't I
couldn't no I couldn't no yeah oh no no
that was a that was a leap of faith nope
yeah yeah no ma says this locks boring
as shit you know it's it's actually it's
open yeah I guess you could lock a level
I suppose it would be boring if the
levels were locked yeah so yeah if the
levels what you're right so you're right
if the levels were locked it would be
boring so see why I didn't
everything in this level drank redbull
yep
no this is it's this this game whether
or not you will enjoy this game hinges
entirely on how much you enjoy Mario but
who doesn't fucking enjoy Mario all the
time everywhere so so many exes
yeah yeah creepy Mario what is with
creepy Mario why he's so creepy
cuz he jumps funky yeah but why does he
exist I don't know seems random
why does does anyone know why creepy
tall Mario exists this game hinges
entirely if you enjoy games I think so
like it's one of those things where I
could see something like if someone's
just not into platforming games you know
if someone's just not into Mario
obviously this game would make no sense
to them that fucker every goddamn time
because I'm doing 80 things I can do it
I can do it rich I believe in you so
much this is why you smile when I died
just on the level that took me a long
time it's like you know if I did this
that my first try right oh yeah yeah I
probably would yeah
oh my god so many exes the crazy part is
whoever designed this level made it
through so you know at least one person
made it through
that's the aggravating part it's still
no Super Mario frustration well you need
to look up Super Mario frustration on
the youtubes if you haven't seen it oh
shit together rich get it get it right
together this would be like an easy
Super Mario frustration level that's
alright take the hit there you go
ah you're over the trampoline yep oh he
just finds new ways he finds new and
interesting ways to fuck you
it's the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel oh
god yeah you know you don't get one what
happened Jack a giant bazooka plant
comes out of the thing you know that a
giant bazooka plane comes out of the
thing ya know make it to the Goomba yeah
dammit this is this is something else
everywhere is this too hard is this too
hard to be enjoyable uh I'm just I just
have to do it now or are you just new
book no look at all those sexist look at
all those fucking ex yeah but like 20 of
them are yours I know I know I'm not
supposed to be the asshole you're
supposed to be yeah I know that's that's
our dynamic Jack we've been we've been
developing our dynamic for 16 months I
just threw that out the window he's
through the every once in a while I
gotta get a little jab in I know
and then people know that it's okay for
you
jump for the pain away rich just jump
the pain away
you can do this mom if you jump every
day listen fales been rich can play this
level as much as he wants that's just
what's gonna happen this is obviously a
crazy level I think we got this has
occurred from someone in chat too so
thank you what's happened what happened
what happened I don't know that CV went
dead what happened I can see it on
though them the WiiU thing what we just
what happened okay chat at all but the
for some reason I guess the TV was tired
and it wanted to take a nap and it went
to sleep don't worry we're doing things
TV why didn't you know that images were
happening
the rich it was fine for us okay great
yeah it was just wait the the TV like
wasn't and we are you know we're running
it through the the game capture device
so maybe the digital signal is a little
messed up but I think the TV assumed
that we had stopped watching oh my god
yeah yeah I can't believe that that's
great that's great rich asset yes Valka
Volvo Jian one two three four a sadist
absolutely made this someone just
decided we're just we're just gonna piss
everybody off today that's fine that's
fine
nice I surveyed but I think you have to
get down there I need to get up there
actually up where nope
you gotta get small and be down there
and then jump up oh oh oh what what are
you just hate to stay big
you need to stay big there I need to get
big there or stay big there whichever
one but there needs to be a big nests
listen needs to be bigness you heard it
here first folks
when do they give you the chicken hat
have you use that no of course you know
I've died enough on a level in Metal
Gear Solid 5 if you do poor enough I
think if you die three times on a level
they recommend that you wear the chicken
hat which means that you get free
enemies don't spot you when they should
oh that was a bullshit death I've not
worn the chicken hat it's a weird little
comedy moment in Metal Gear
just one doesn't well well that's you
know that's the thing so Mario Mario oh
fuck this all right five more tries five
more tries we're kind of down five more
tries five more tries I'm gonna know if
I don't get close cuz I have a strategy
I wanna try you have oh yeah that's
right you have a get big strategy you
have this whole get big strategy okay
yeah exactly they haven't they already
have a reflex mode which is one you can
turn reflex mode on in Metal Gear Solid
five and if you get spotted it slows
down time so you haven't like a chance
to either like attack or shoot an enemy
before they sound an alarm and then yeah
if that's not enough for any of you guys
trying to reflex mode off and if that's
not yeah then they give you another
option to make it the game a little bit
easier which is to give you a chicken
you need to be big here oh yeah oh you
can't break this those are rocks that's
not brick oh yeah damn my brain and I'm
so shit oh no that was your plan my plan
was to break bricks sure you're not
bricks they're brats that was clever
though like that clever solution yeah
people get so used to a level where you
can't break Briggs how the fuck you do
this thing
you have to you you can't slide into the
jump you have to go from the the
platform below the question mark and
jump into that Oh God and it has to be
precise as fuck
three I have not unlocked the six
million dollar man punch ID I now AM
able to get like I only assume you're
talking about the rocket punch
I just I'm able to purchase and I don't
have the money right now to purchase the
rocket arm which means you can send your
fist flying and it has a camera attached
to it and you could say you can punch
people like miles away you can just send
your fist flying oh my god rich do you
see what's over there
yeah but you need to you need to get
small for oh my god rich is right there
it'll be right there oh if you put yeah
that's right with it with or with just
with your regular fists if you punch
while running you you do it like a super
punch it's pretty cool it's no five
that was five all right this is five I'm
just gonna say this is five to give it
one more shot
yeah
Oh God that was terrifying
oh this is cruel all right
oh yeah I'll give it one try yep you'll
get it on the first try I feel so beaten
here's my cameras down there oh no I'm
not gonna stay I don't want to start I
just want to wait if I come in - I have
to start I don't know I just wanted to
come in nope nope all right I've got new
notifications later all right let's do
it let's do another chat one another
chat one
all right let's see here let's see here
come on
another chat one another that one look
jut when Jack is a lame-o it's very true
I'm very lame Oh what's the Oh lick
rickroll level yeah well someone what's
the rickrolled Mario level someone give
me the code for the rick roll Mario
level and you have to say Rick roll in
front of the level so so I know we need
Rick roll till experience here I can you
search for rick roll no you need when
you search it's only the ID finally
what's the rick roll level dad me to a
dummy it doesn't work what rick world
doesn't work why not I've seen video of
it did they did they do something to
make it not work for some reason I oh it
was uploaded on a review copy and that
is in a different server oh fuck okay
well then mr. Beebe's has one for me I'm
gonna just do mr. boobs okay that's your
9d zero two zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero f-4b eat searching for course
of course outline must have typed it in
wrong oh you just got rickrolled
or mr. bibs the one you sent me does not
work I'm sorry let's see here oh that
that's the Rick rollin okay so yeah the
rick roll one does not work thank you
so then we'll try another one give me
another one jet of course not found yep
alright let's see here made just for
chat says says d1 d1 f b 0 0 0 0 0 0 3e
c 4 6 1 ok
follow the path or straight off all
right so this is all about follow the
path or stray off oh yeah so in New
Super Mario Bros u can wall jump yep or
stray off or stray off
nope no the guys who actually make Super
Mario Brothers levels
thank God I wish we can make ours this
difficult maybe I was just a random
death I think he makes some noise when
you die he made a funny noise when yeah
I think so like I bet you know I bet
there there are certain levels that they
are envious of I would only assume oh
this is tricky it's right here how do
you even like jump on okay the coins are
showing you the route oh sure but what
nope
oh yes the coins are showing you the
route but getting from the skinny ii
skinny one to the second big one is
difficult i understand let me get bland
on top of it like that's gonna happen
nope nope rich like that's gonna happen
get it together get it all together for
a brand new show
yeah hey Oh Jack yeah I got I got scared
oh no carrots oh god oh god oh god oh no
no no no no get there okay run again
oh my god I just get so scared when I
land on top yeah that freak out oh you
fucker you fucker
I wonder if too many of these levels are
gonna end up frustrating in the long run
well I think that's what you know that's
we haven't played like we know these
we've only been playing the ones that
people tell us to play right now yeah
they're you know that's the kind of joy
of the the moderated ones okay okay you
know enough people play the good ones
and they will much you know much like
anything much like YouTube videos or
anything the good will rise up nope
cuz there's there's good difficult like
that one we played mm-hmm and who made
it cuz I'm a jerk yeah and that's the
one that you had trouble with the first
one you had trouble one mm-hmm the one I
had trouble with that was just like
frustratingly difficult right you know
oh sure yeah and you know I do believe
you can like if you search in just the
regular ones you can set your difficulty
level I don't you can sort levels by
difficulty yeah that's good oh it's
gonna be hard to determine difficulty
unless lot of people have played the
level you know mm-hmm hey I guess you
could keep track of the amount of times
people died but then again that might
not differentiate between good difficult
bad difficult right no but I think like
that's you know that's where star
ratings and comments
and I'm sure there is some sort of
algorithm that Nintendo is employing too
you know
aggregate that to make their featured
ones and top rated and whatnot and whose
it's fuck you I was on their rich I
don't know it's on their I don't like
this level also I'm like we're probably
also experiencing a little Mario fatigue
yeah yep you weren't about the coin too
much huh worried about the coins too
much I think
I'm not worried I'm not even talking
about the coins I happen to be getting
the coins I'm not even thinking about
the coins I think I should try a
different route like I think if I slide
on this no no no I look like I'm trying
to collect those three coins there I
mean rather than just trying to get the
jump right uh-huh
oh no I'm not even thinking okay oh you
dick you horrible dickhead I hate you
almost had a jam close you're close you
just did
pause and then make a big jump over the
one Veronica completely go get the dick
dick dick dick dick dick dick dick dick
dick dick stop stop look consider hey
come down hey calm down
Hey so I can't go to the right cuz it
from that line up there
now your first yeah doesn't like you
can't it's not it's not like um it's not
like super meat boy where you can just
bounce off of all you need to start a
slide first you know you need to you
need to be like stuck to the wall a
little bit in order to bounce off yeah
someone on the chat is trying to
brown-nose me by saying they like my
level the best ah yeah they admit the
brown-nosing though okay so that's
that's commendable as long as they know
it
speaking of brown-nosing I do all these
platforms kind of look like Boop
no look like they look like my brain
wouldn't go there there's just a bunch
of poop logs floating in the air
Hoopa doop - it with poop rates for poop
popping poop with piranha plants are
growing out of him yeah I don't know I
don't know they got a weird diet Wow -
Taco Bell your friends going to poop
that's not a good sign oh I just made
funny faces bye babe
all right under under different
circumstances I think I would like this
level because I like the wall jumping
what are the different circumstances
Derek uh fatigue Mario we're gonna fuck
you fuck you give it a shot fuck fuck
fuck
Jack I hate allergies you will you one
I hate allergies ya know
tired and sad that wants to know if we
think Super Mario Bros could actually
work as a movie at some point and you
know No the obvious answer is yes
animated movie maybe any and maybe maybe
an animated movie it's you know it's
it's an adventure story right it's it's
someone is rescuing the princess that's
it
and that brothers it's super easy it's
super super easy here's the real
question is do we really want it and the
answer to that is no he cares about the
deeper story in the Mario universe oh my
god
there's there is no need for a Mario
movie they could make it it could be a
ton of fun do we need it
no do we want it No all right that's a
lot harder than it looks
yeah yeah I don't even think we want it
I don't even I think we only want a
Mario movie because the last one was so
bad and we just we don't like to wait do
we want a Mori movie does anyone really
want a mario movie like I'm saying I
think the gamers in general want a Mario
movie only to remove the blemish that
was the Mario Brothers movie you know to
set us back to zero I don't care I can
just completely forget about that Murray
movie I'm fine with spitting about it
okay great yeah you can't have to land
on it and jump and correct yourself oh
sure no and that's the real thing is we
do not they could make a very good Mario
Brothers movie it would be a standard
adventure tale but we don't need it and
we shouldn't be asking for it oh that's
right you can do the twisties and I know
that I don't know that he'll play much
so well I think like you can twist to
kind of stop yourself
and gives you an extra jump nope didn't
give me an extra jump it doesn't
something it does something your think
another waggle from the we I'm new Super
Mario Brothers which I'm always thinking
about the waggle I'm bout ready to call
this one yeah oh yeah would do make a
good movie right they could make it
don't do movie like I'm so no they could
they can make a good movie out of
anything they made a great movie about
BMX biker riders in the post apocalypse
you can make a good movie about anything
do we need to do movie do we want to do
movie the answers now you know our are
there games here here's the question we
need to ask ourselves is are there games
in which we like the characters so much
that we want to explore their
personalities more right maybe maybe
there are some games that uh that I
would you know you know what I would
what I would really like something is
something that I really enjoy is the the
Team Fortress 2 animated things the meet
the team videos and the the comics I
kind of explained the lure of tf2 which
is just insane at this point now you
can't jump to that next platform because
there's a fucking piranhas there so what
are you gonna do jump over it
Oh Mike you know I would love a Team
Fortress 2 movie but you know there's a
game where they have so little character
that it just doesn't that they can do
whatever they want
and of course valve has done such a
fantastic job with all the meet the team
videos where they could make a really
fun little movie out of that I of course
am a terrible fanboy shit fucking shit
no no no yeah you know what I even
though I've never much cared for the
games I could see there being a fun
Assassin's Creed movie isn't there an
assassin's creed movie being made I
don't know I believe there is Michael
Fassbender right s blastin Creed that's
basically Greeley I believe there's an
assassin's Creed movie being worked on
that there could be some fun in there
that's a neat setting that's a neat
world as long as you know we'll see
alright about ready to call this level
yeah okay what time is it we're getting
close to call thing we're getting close
to calling it time yeah this is all we
got today yep let's do one more yes
Michael Fassbender is the lead in the
next in next holidays Assassin's Creed
movie they could do something fun with
that as long you know as long as they
don't worry about following the game too
much like you a movie about an assassin
set in that time period could be a lot
of fun right
I don't know enough about the Assassin's
Creed universe to say I and you know
maybe that's why I'm okay with the idea
because I don't know anything about the
Assassin's Creed universe so it's like
yeah do whatever the fuck you want with
that universe as far as doom goes I feel
like isolation is very important to do
and I don't know if you can make a whole
movie it's just some guy shooting demons
and there's no one to talk to
you're doing to me as always the lone
Marine you haven't seen Dredd yet have
you
ah no I need to he's got a partner
driver he has a partner but the tone of
that movie is exactly how they should do
it do movie yeah what you need you know
I know I know there are a ton of things
that you need to watch but you know I'm
gonna say Dredd might still be on
Netflix and so it's easy to watch thread
what the fuck
look I made it on my first try and I
wasn't expecting it so they they nail
the tone and Dredd where it's like you
could do it do a movie like that oh my
god one more does the last ride last
ride for the last ride and I think we've
hit Mario fatigued for the night
oh is it listen I'm done
what's the plan I'm dude we're done I'm
done
do we want to ride one more if you want
to do one more we said one more we'll do
one more
oh yeah we'll do one more oh yeah let me
head back to Twitter here head back to
the Suites
alright let's see we got you let's see
what we got it let's see what we got
okay ready mr. glitch says check out FD
one nine zero zero zero zero zero zero
three two two nine six five those
numbers sound familiar don't if we've
done this one before air support no we
haven't
okay mr. glitch we're ending on this
thread was not the inspiration for space
cop space cop is as far as the voice
goes every generic hard-ass cop
clean eastward yep
but Charles Bronson Clint Eastwood
Bronson yeah every generic badass
absolutely if anything space cop was the
inspiration right no yeah I don't think
that's in any way shape possible I think
it's a little possible really good loyal
oh thank you once thrown out flowers the
others throwing up duties deuter's Oh
what do you got what do you got a house
you yeah that's a letdown
it's a fucking letdown I lost my flower
power I would love to see a Mario game
where you can still now like you hot you
have to hide as the question block and
wait till the enemy looks the other way
are you doing
give me a Mario stealth game now an ever
more intricate branching dialogue tree
you have to convince the other goombahs
that you are one of them and then sneak
into bases disguised as question blocks
Mario gear salad shell your shell here
yeah I just want a few goombas working
for Bowser I'm alright oh I get it it's
weird to play one that's just kind of
like a standard Mario level it has the
air oh shit what are you doing rich you
were there
hey si think it has the air support it's
a clever clever title
I would I would like at least one more
bad guy throwing cloud though and it's
all fine and you can see Knievel what
yeah if enemies didn't collide into you
if you were crouching as a block like
they just bounced off of it yeah that
would be great that would be funny I
think the experiment do they is it
possible I don't know that where's that
oh no
nope okay
air support air support hey is it a
flower is that a flower nice boy oh boy
you gotta fuck yeah
you get flower phone me Benji Benji
Benji if I subscribe what do they do
with my money
we buy shit like this we buy games we
use it to buy games for both this and
the show and you know we built like my
um my video game controller for my pc is
recently been worn out from that stupid
l-3 running in in metal gear which i
always hate any game that makes you use
that that button excessive leagues that
buttons always bullshit yeah pressing
down yeah and now my my thumb stick is
starting to stick yep so we might need
to buy me a new controller what the fun
shit like that oh I just got an email
from valve yep to vet to make sure I
verified my shipping address because the
steam controllers are coming next month
which obviously is very very exciting to
me I mean I can't wait to get my hands
on the steam controller so obviously we
know we'll get you a good controller as
well and you know I don't know how you
might has always been the Xbox 360
controller I just want something high
quality that'll work on the PC I've
heard good things about the Xbox one
controller and you know it's wireless
well in that that or the way Wireless
why you need it's got a bluetooth
receiver for that you know you know
we're wireless natively don't you have a
Bluetooth in your I don't think so
oh okay
oh yeah I think it's in general its oh I
just assumed you had a wired one has
less compatibility issues I believe with
games so oh you know what and I always
like wired to just just so you don't
have to ever have to recharge it yeah I
live with my wired the one of the
greatest investments I think I ever made
was buying two ps4 controllers
especially while playing metal gear
because they only last a couple hours
it's just like plug one and play the
other one
oh I'm annoyed that like rubber on the
thump stick on my ps4 controller yeah
start a war off really yeah
there's a looks like a terror where it's
hard plastic underneath its really
annoying shoddy hacks oh God there we go
alright wasn't even that hard I'm just
worn out if this the Marga fits yeah my
fatigue let's uh all right everybody
listen up
we've got jingis Borgnine hometown
markup baby Slayer one five six Oh what
Chernobyl oh we've done this one before
Chernobyl II kinsman that's what it is
sure no be sure no be here's not
Chernobyl because that was the thing
where's it happen
Chernobyl kinsmen maybe that's it yes
your noble kinsmen Chernobyl kinsmen
striker
11:21 van pastel
Henry please future future J contrary
contra mundus powerful raindrop elvez
delvis nasty flat nice I don't know
pickles me yes honey slut that's a funny
beard
ah fleshy patch self bisector is young
that quick look around and Ricky - Jim
genic genderqueer Jason Jason kick kick
aura jason kokoro thank you for
subscribing and doohickey to give zeroes
and suppose this is weird you're
subscribing we really appreciate it
this truly really thanks all for coming
out I think this is this is a super fun
time super mario