Episode 385
Rocket League Challenge (Part 2)
October 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yds2_4VhHvI
___________________________________________

an earned game that was an earned game
Moy time I'm so annoyed Zhen send me
send me a message back and and we will
get you the walking dead what what's
next I don't know okay where's where's
my jingle ding ding dang know what I'm
saying
Walking Dead is out oh you know what we
have a DuckTales ok we have an extra
copy of duck tales on Steam and this
will be our last steam game and then
we'll move on to some big dogs ok big
dogs there's big dogs a game I'm sure is
a game ok
first person to say oh I'm sorry yeah
I'm just so sad well I'm not paying
attention to the chat leave ok ok
Bridge first person say for duck tales
Bugs Bunny Bugs Bunny Bugs Bunny alright
first subscriber Jack to kids today no
the Looney Tunes no I was gonna say I
feel like they've kind of fallen out of
the spotlight space camo you are the
next challenger to beat her ass space
camo you'll be facing Jack so you have a
pretty good chance of winning here my
records nuts a great denied either we're
gonna went through all of her game she's
gonna be awful well we have games week
if we could just play games now I do you
know Jays here there is a game someone
sent me that they wanted specifically
all of us to play together called shower
with your dad simulator
[Laughter]
well this shower with our dad will
simulate it well of course of course
all right space come on subject duck
tales of duck tales rockets and the
match okay name prereq and the room name
is going oh right then we have like yeah
18 keyboards in front of us
okay I just sent you the password just
sent you the password space Como Bermuda
Bahamas space camos on mama open to the
Looney Tunes they've been popular for
fucking decades and now you just never
see him anymore uh you know it's one of
those there's just too much there's too
much other stuff yes it could be that
you know WB is it coming up on copyright
you know like are they gonna lose the
copyright for it dad I don't think
that'll ever happen all right
it's all up what happened huh what
happen no rich are you TV what happens
the TV you went to sleep Richie just to
write a vo well well then I say go to so
the TV just went to sleep for someone
why the hell would the TV do that fuck
enjoy your free oh fuck what the fuck
just happened
space come over the TV literally just
fine that's fine
oh yeah I'm not blaming you I think this
place commode was nice enough to give us
one thank you thank you I want it done
that if I were you apparently just
wasn't reading the HDMI signal or
something weird
that's so fucking weird power saver oh
the power saver is on I'm a TV yeah but
it should be breathing not when you're
active like right I don't know I guess I
don't know how that works I don't know
how that works is that it that's never
happened before
I don't think so okay alright I mean it
now open your only hope jack don't knock
it in front of our own net I got it I
got it
don't oh my god here we go here we go
oh no I miscalculated listen did you
okay okay okay boom
no that's not gonna do me any good oh
wait it might it might it might it might
no spooky Dookie is rooting for you as
well as well you should after that that
ass-whooping you gave Jack earlier
that's all right turn into the spin I
felt good that felt good you know but
like it's the same with with like Mickey
Mouse I think in order for you to feel
good though Jack you have to win by two
listen my rules Canadians just want to
win uh yeah that's all it's a Mickey
Mouse like Looney Tunes and Mickey Mouse
where it's like you know they're not
getting the like obviously there's still
look Mickey Mouse I never liked the
Disney cartoon no I kind of like goofy
he was the only one but they're still
prominent oh but goal I did that Jack
was the but goal I do that a purpose but
like I don't think Disney cares about
Mickey Mouse anymore obviously like
Disney now has Star Wars and fucking oh
yeah they've they're they're doing all
right
Marvel Comics they don't give a fuck
about Mickey Mouse anymore yeah when was
the last time there was a Mickey Mouse
cartoon right I mean maybe there could
be one currently uh actually recently
they had gone a horse or get a horse it
was like it was like a big deal they
didn't like the style of Steamboat
Willie but it was a fake-out because
they did a lot of modern kind like 3d
stuff in there too if I need them it
played before um I played before one of
the like frozen you know yeah it played
before one of the one of those movies it
was like a little short it was great and
they do have like the Mickey Mouse Club
the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse the only
reason I know about that is because they
might be giants did the theme for it
really weird yeah
this way get out of your space come on
yeah what are the characteristics of
Mickey Mouse he's friendly that's it
right he's friendly knee goes yeah oh
are you gonna slow me toons they all
have really distinct personalities oh
fuck cares about me that's the thing
there's nothing funny about Mickey Mouse
yes sir is there supposed to be hey
there should be in a cartoon cartoons
are supposed to be funny I think they
gave up making Mickey Mouse funny after
the black and white arrow I think that
just ended so I guess all that Mickey
does fucking faggot today I'll have him
do nothing yeah but also like Mickey
Mouse was like the first you know like
they weren't concerned about giving him
a character they're just it's just like
yeah he's a fucking Mouse I don't know
and that's fine but then like why keep
him around copyright fuck Mickey Mouse
rising oh my god I'm fucking up Nero
I mean he's the Disney mascot you know
yeah their image I get that but he's
just so boring
oh my god oh yeah and say we got the
same you've got the same can't believe
you got the same fine everything's fine
oh my god nope no oh no that was a bad
thing that's fine I should have let it
go on its own you've got to kill 30
seconds I can do that oh fuck out of
there's nothing there's no more helpless
feeling in rocket League than being out
of rocket boost yeah I know well you got
the bad don't forget the dash then the
double good hop - boom no saving that
one yeah okay okay okay a freebie goal
you've more than made up for the freebie
goal yes which is much appreciated I
feel you should that you know that's
that's how 1v1 works I think you know
where it's like it's going in and
there's just no kitchen yeah
oh fuck yes scrooge mcduck is the best
thing Disney's got going for it and he
came from the comic books is that were
Scrooge makeup mcdo started yeah Carl
Barks comics yeah okay
space camo no duck tails for you yep
but good try good try excellent game
whoa let's keep going with duck tails
okay now you face rich yep now you face
rich for duck tails get out of here I'm
kind of think of like any other old
cartoons or shit that just aren't around
anymore but we're huge back in the day
mm-hmm what happened actually I like
what the game is what happened
you really did we're having issues wait
no I actually click on a YouTube video
that's weird how did you could probably
you know what I probably accidentally
click on a banner advertisement featured
this I accidentally oh okay that there's
your problem
all right a problem rich so you're
talking about like Mickey Mouse level
cartoons like because there's tons of
Sarah did like Saturday morning cartoons
at school and gone course you're all
guessing chat I can see that but you're
wrong what proper thing you have to say
to face me for duck tails is Woody
Woodpecker that's by the way rich that's
a great one yeah thank you that answered
your question
and it works Tiberius Kirk says Popeye
Woody Woodpecker what no but you just
wanted woody woodpecker's just what he
would breaking up sorry sorry you jump
the gun you jump the gun man and
dissipate nice anticipation there it is
I see it although Popeye would be an
answer to that question too
oh there was most to be a new Popeye
cartoon and it was canceled but recently
yeah like a like a movie a pop by
cartoon movie that was canceled and I
just aren't doing it for whatever reason
hello Popeye I don't think I could care
less about pop I mean I'm like one of
the few people who actually likes the
Robin Williams Popeye that movie is so
fucking weird that's so bizarre like
totally inside like because it has more
in common with the original comic strip
than it does the later like World War 2
era of Popeye cartoons are men
our mill 3er you you got the Woody
Woodpecker okay I'm sending you a
message now our our mill three ler what
I you know I I remember so little about
the Robin one I remember you as a kid
being like this is weird great I see I
didn't even like it as a kid but then I
think it's interesting now that I'm
older because I found out that Robert
Altman directed it which is the most
bizarre thing Shelley Duvall was born to
play olive oil yes absolutely she was
conceived yeah great a match shall we do
who's still alive right yeah III know a
thing like last year there was one night
I was watching I was I'm watching some
movie she was in and I was like what the
fuck happened to Shelley Duvall and I
went on like a like a Google rabbit hole
trying to figure out where the hell
Shelley Duvall went to and she's still
around she just doesn't act anymore mr.
Gucci I think our Miller had it before
you
double check uh-oh we got some I already
called it and I already called it yeah I
know you call it but just double check
because then I'm over the glitch yeah if
he got it first well he'll be the next
one okay we're not counting the one that
had Popeye in front of it though no no
cause it had to just mean Woody
Woodpecker mister glitch I don't even
see it in the chat
is the rest of the chat confirming this
he might have said it before you said
what he would talk you know they oh yeah
that was well before rich said of Woody
Woodpecker you were just saying woody
woodpecker's that was before you knew
the word so our our mill 3 ler still has
it
we're still waiting to join guys I see
in your chat that use did indeed say it
before but you said it before we gave
the name so you were just wild guessing
and so I wasn't paying attention to the
chat before we knew what word we were
saying yeah exactly
Tiberius Kirk Tiberius Kirk you said
Popeye Woody Woodpecker as part of like
talking about old cartoons that aren't
around anymore
yeah then mister glitch said Woody
Woodpecker as part of that conversation
so from now on the things we say can't
have anything to do yeah that's a good
thing that's probably smart still
waiting for our Miller I'm looking for
you are Miller he's saying just to be
sure I didn't miss a message today yeah
I messaged you check your check your
other box let me just make sure that I
have actually message you yes I message
you so check your other there's an inbox
and outbox and others sometimes it goes
to spam it often goes to spam but I've
sent you the code the secret message
code it's very devious sorry mr. glitch
I'm sorry these are the rules that we've
made up structure in these things you
need rules yep otherwise it's chaos yep
oh you know what like all this talk of
like old cartoons and whatnot did you
hear the news today that happy birthday
is no longer oh yeah copyrights public
domain yeah about fucking time
finally you can now finally sing happy
birthday without being sued that's great
movies no longer have to do for he's a
jolly good fellow instead checked out
something oh yeah
ah damn it
Oh Oh gets that first one that's
important one that's an important one
right never gets that first I mean if
you're one going breathe look it's just
bad luck I got knocked you know spot
that was dis invent disadvantageous Oh J
is there a trick R treat sequel trick R
treat there is AZ the dead Oh does it
have a title there was one announced
like a year or two ago maybe a comic-con
they said they were doing this oh and
then I have not heard a word about it
since oh I know you unless you're
talking about the 80s trick-or-treat I'm
assuming you're talking about the recent
one from a couple years ago Trick or
Treat trick or treat yes not trick or
treat
right trick or treat we did our best
doors yeah trick R treat is the Bryan
Singer oh yeah he produced that yeah
pretty produced Michael Dougherty I
think is the director who's doing the
Krampus movie which looks awesome the
Krampus movie looks awesome it looks
yeah it looks so great and it totally
like same type of tone as trick-or-treat
so I'm excited
we need more more Christmas themed
horror movies agreed there's a few but
very few of them are any good mm-hmm I
watched black Christmas last year the
first time I've ever seen that what's
that 70s movie about a sorority that's
being tormented by a killer it's really
really good it's Bob Clark who also
directed it's a story really yeah sounds
great very different Christmas type
movies but uh yeah Margot Kidder is in
it and Olivia Hussey it's like really
creepy and effective and it's style
stylize really similar to Halloween but
it actually was made before Halloween oh
cool adding John Carpenter might have
taken a few things from it oh it's a
good movie though that's great mm-hmm
that's gonna be on my yearly rotation
now it's tough to find Christmas movie I
needed a replacement for Silent Night
deadly night because I've watched that
way too many times
nice ray you got a new face he's got
it's face and that's the important part
I remember when I worked at the for a
while I worked at a used game and video
game store and during the Christmas
season that was there for a couple of
Christmases all for all of December
after a you know after Thanksgiving we
were required to only play Christmas
movies in the store and it was a shitty
store so no one ever came in and so our
definition of what a Christmas movie was
stretched a 100 here as it does but
obviously you know couldn't be it
couldn't be like a rated R movie or
anything like that because families
could come in yeah but eventually it was
like well you know the Lord of the Rings
has snow in it wow that's really
stretching it well you know it's like
you'd watch like Harry Potter cuz like
oh it has a Christmas thing in it's a
Harry Potter is a Christmas movie now
Lord of the Rings is snowy and elves it
has elves that's true tell me that's not
there are elves
[Laughter]
you know you we would always try to get
away with watching die hard which is a
class we're totally a Christmas movie
die hard is a Christmas movie because it
takes place on Christmas it is our
though it is armed yeah that's the only
problems we'd have to pause it
oh nice safe
yeah that's the go-to movie now for
people that want to be like different or
they're like my favorite Christmas
movies die hard cuz you know and they
always have to point that out doors and
you say yes you are very edgy you're
very special for liking die hard as a
Christmas movie congratulations
you can like it and watch it as
Christmas movie you know but they always
feel that it's like the people that I
don't even own a TV like that type of
person
yes fuck off I just have to point this
out I don't even a to you I just have to
thank you and out that my favorite
Christmas movie is die hard actually I
have a old tube television getting all
the HDMI conversions is actually pretty
difficult but I just think it's a more
authentic movie boon experience says the
guy who wants a tube television to play
video games on but that's a different
thing
well sure sure
is that criticism of Jax now I have a
machine gun the Christmas sweater no and
actually know that we made that I made
that I made that myself we ordered one
online mm-hmm but I had like a weird
little diehard logo in the corner and I
don't think it came on time I think it
showed up like the day after we shop
what a fucking diehard logo on it yeah
and it just didn't look as good as the
ruler didn't look as good but I no I
don't think it showed up on time anyway
I was like oh we're not gonna have one
so I just went and bought a sweatshirt
and I I paint I over overcorrected I
painted that with red paint and I think
it's better than the officially licensed
die hard t-shirt absolutely are not
t-shirt sweater it absolutely was we
still have it but nobody liked we
weren't doing that to be edgy I think we
were just doing that to be funny yeah we
were well that's something we're all
wearing goofy Christmas sweatshirts I'm
not disputing that it is a Christmas
movie right I'm just making fun of the
people that think that they're being
special or unique by pointing out that
it's their their Christmas movie because
everyone points out I just enjoyed
watching it I brought Christmas that's
fine I watch it oh oh damn Oh in vain
almost all those the beautiful safe look
at that like that's how you have to do
sometimes sometimes you have to knock
your opponent out but then you need to
save the ballroom the room thriller no
no my there's normally there's multiple
people on your team
yes exactly that's a valiant effort a
valiant effort people you know I think
we're really stepping up our games here
for DuckTales
yeah I think it meant a little more to
us than the other games no no you can do
it or not either way one of those two
things one of those two things we just
we just needed to get our a game on for
the big net games absolutely you know I
have not seen any of the new Stephen
Colbert late Joe I haven't either
ferns good I've heard it's okay so I'm
sure it's fine sure it's fine I don't
know I don't really watch late-night
stuff anymore right I'm interested to
see yes I could see that's a scrooge
mcduck car I like kind of like you know
I was really disappointed so you know we
don't have them at our house we don't
have cable because we watch everything
on Netflix like every civilized person
and so you know like we don't have cable
and and like I haven't turned on like
yeah in forever cuz you know cold TV
yeah we just wait till it comes to cable
check or not came because wait till
comes to Netflix or Amazon and so but
yesterday was the Muppet Show and I was
like oh this will be great Family TV
times let's watch The Muppet Show but
apparently it has been so long since
we've watched regular TV that like our
our antenna we have a digital antenna ah
oh my god tie game just tied it up ya
know just tired I know that I'm time I
know that I'm kind of doing the comments
though there's a look at the top of the
screen what is that oh that's a
scoreboard I'm having I'm adding weight
to it
[Laughter]
so you couldn't watch them up in I
couldn't watch them up a job because we
couldn't get any local channels because
alright weird our antenna didn't work
and you know I did I even did the old
like let's load this thing down with
aluminum foil and see if that which I
don't think has any effect on a digital
life I don't know it might so I need to
look into a better digital antenna yeah
I don't know what you have I am like a
year ago networks and that like I think
we just bought this one a couple months
ago and it's powered even you know like
that was its big selling point was was
it's powered to get you more chance yeah
and so like we have to plug in you going
to overtime going overtime here it is
first we score for all the eggs oh my
and and and Rimmer missed it no I did so
I watched that moment show today oh yes
on ABC's website I like it yeah I mean
I'm a huge Muppet fan anyway so you're
pretty biased
um well sure but I mean there's been
some really shitty Muffy Muppet stuff
mm-hmm
I see the Wizard of Oz oh my god I keep
seeing like the poster that's like
that's like the low point it's it's but
the new show it's a little clunky
there's some stuff that didn't quite
work um but you know it's got room to
grow yeah I don't really like the
central concept which is a nice savory
Miller oh my oh my oh come back to
gullet
oh my god
excellent comeback yeah what are mill 89
that was fan-fucking-tastic that save
was oh god yeah um you have earned duck
tails you know what what look at this
what
I'm saving this one oh say no and no you
you just earned a coveted spot on Rich's
harddrive you guys watch that I just
saved a loss yeah and you can watch it
from like any angle you okay cool make a
highlight I see okay so oh so message me
back with your steam information and uh
and we'll get your ducktales okay okay
are we ready for the big day sure why
not you want to do two on one how do you
want to dear copies yeah but I was just
I was ready to give them away and for
like a trivia con don't want them in my
house what do you want - what do you
want to do I mean Metal Gear Solid 5 is
the newest games yes should definitely
be to unlock okay somebody shadow Mordor
shadow murder I'll just do a one a 1v1
okay okay so there's the PlayStation 4
version so we'll be sending you an
actual physical disc so I will have to
mail you the physical PlayStation 4
version of shadow of Mordor which means
you also have to be comfortable giving
me your mailing address yes so heads up
for that and also it's the PlayStation 4
version so obviously you need a
PlayStation 4 so so that's gonna be
that's gonna be the big give for this
one so do do to do to do to do obviously
I will not share your address with
anyone except for people here and and
you know we'll mail you letters no we
won't mail you letters okay let's see
here what do we want what who do we want
to play for shadow of Mordor for the ps4
you have to type in the word Sony for
the Sony Playstation 4
oh here you know whoever types in the
word Sony first that's not especially
creative no wasn't it specially created
did you see someone created like a fake
Sony Pictures Twitter account and they
posted something this morning that
wouldn't
I roll where they're saying Melissa
McCarthy is gonna be in a spinoff of
paul blart like she's gonna be paul
Blart and people were like retweeting
and posting as if it's a real thing no
one bothering to look at the account and
realize that it's just like a fake
account wait
slash from DuckTales did they do an
already did they win today Lou that must
have first one oh that's right / from -
oh so here it is the the 1v1 rematch
yeah okay sloshed from DuckTales saw and
our Miller you just won one so you can't
win again and also you misspelled Sony
no sorry it's four letters it was a typo
oh so sloshed to type it in first that's
how you misspell Sony sloshed from
ducktales you get it hold on the Mia let
me send you the new the the new code
here and the new code is going to be so
this is for shadow shadow rocket okay
created match just sent you I just sent
you the the dealy the dealy-bob
oh my god holy shit Jesus Jesus Christ
cheese and rice Jesus all right all
right I'm waiting for you here we go
here we go
for all the giblets
what game is this work this is for
shadow of mordor the Lord of the Rings
games the ps4 I got it you know after
our after we had so much fun with Batman
it's basically Batman in Lord of the
Rings right and I got very very born
with it Jack doesn't like it I find a
fairly addictive it randomly generates
like like nemesis or captain's you can
fight they all have their own specific
weaknesses okay and they like randomly
generate a face with something a scar
you could hunt those specific orcs down
somewhere in the game world so it
doesn't get boring that's the idea
that's that it didn't work for Jack it
worked for me so it you know like
sometimes when you defeat him - they
don't die but they come back with like
an extra scar yes oh you know to me
there's no variation in it's got flaws I
mean but I love that that aspect of it
get up get up get up
the Nemesis the captains the WarChiefs
the way the way when you kill one like
the lower ones move up the ranks
yeah there's it does have a lot of
little stuff but it just wasn't enough
to uh to engage me in the world to care
because the missions get really
repetitive the combat gets really ok you
know what I'll let you hit it first the
missions the combat gets very repetitive
and the world is boring as far as I'm
concerned
obviously there are people who like it
and that is fine it's nice it that's and
I said that's going in that's going to
happen
so much little nudge who a little nuts
right there jack opinion is bad right it
is I you know you guys know me I Dec
subpoenas Jack's opinion and he's
entitled to it right and I I like a
certain kind of game and I get bored I
get bored very easily just cuz water
both of us doesn't like a thing you like
it doesn't mean you can't like it right
that don't let don't let the thing
you're in to define who you are as a
person
boom right you're out for blood Jack
yeah you're defending that game you
don't even like I gotta make him work
make it work for the second and I
believe it's one that you're physically
mailing them that's the thing that's
gonna cost you two dollars well that's
what you know that's why and by the way
that's why this is only open to
subscribers because yeah pocket oh my
god oh so basically if they're a
subscriber they're paying for the game
anyway well you mean for your shipping
I'd like to think that that helped
offset the ship
I'd like to think that but you know to
fury I was way too fast you're furious
[Laughter]
boom boom slash from DuckTales these are
you know these are the big ones that we
gotta earn these ones I don't know and
this is depressing you know
I'm all warmed up now you got to work
for it
just got a score one and you get your
humanity back jack is a rocket League
fan here do people not know this about
me I love this game I don't know if this
game will ever get old for me I would I
would periodically while playing metal
gear just turn this on just to clear my
palate I just know that slosh from duck
tails this is this was your chance at
redemption here yeah well to be fair the
last time you played both written on yes
unfair it was unfair that was a to V
this is a chance to say like look it was
unfair but this what I'm really capable
of you're right you're right answers how
you weren't capable of much more
I know it was that's what I do
Rich's talking's yeah yeah hey if you
turn your shit around in the next minute
and a half it's the shadow of mordor all
right it's true you have a minute and a
half a minute have a lot rockin ton a
ton maybe he doesn't actually want oh
maybe he wants the attention he doesn't
want the game
when you win I hate that game I hate
that game so I think you don't know what
you know I think your problem is sloshed
you're stopping to type that shit in I
was just about to ask how is he typing
stuff if he's playing the guinea you
took a moment think of all this and by
the way he just scored we love you I'm
talking shit but we love you and we love
you more that you said they took time to
type this time site they did yes you
earned more points I mean not actual
points in the game but points in our
hrothgar now I get your euro you're
gonna be sloshed all right here we go
here we go you got a minute just three
to tie I mean you probably can't do it
let's be honest oh I'm taking a new a
new tactic rich and I'm gonna demoralize
okay the real question oh I missed I'm
that one yeah the real question is for
Metal Gear Solid 5 obviously a pretty
new game I don't like I still think two
versus one is unfair well we'll do that
for a bit and if we go like an absurdly
long time with nobody beating us sir
then we'll switch it up okay then well
then someone will have to fight Jay no
someone I'll have to face j4 no will
that be a terrible idea
well you know the lucky person who can
obviously get the guy you're sloshed the
victory should mean something
I guess that's true
if it doesn't work out we could let them
use a bot oh okay okay that's fair
ooh sorry sloshed all right so looking
to give away shadow more dorm and I have
not nothing I've won one individual
match tonight a fight and I've lost
probably one goal oh yeah the DuckTales
one yeah a couple times lost by two once
I don't know someone baby pretty
decently yeah okay think of a riddle for
the next round it will even the chances
of those outside the US Oh Sheriff or
Pingo sake think of a riddle for pings
sake you know like if someone if someone
has oh they can type they can get their
answer in faster sure sure think of a
think of a riddle I mean I just don't
know some nothing I can remember right
off the top of my goddamn head though
right Doyle eight seven one we just
looked at that picture that you shared
thank you that was beautiful
I know trivia right like or just a
trivia question where some somebody you
know has to think about Sherman I'm sure
a prereq trivia question okay okay who
can it here's here's the here it here's
the prereq trivia question who can name
for me and you have to be a subscriber
the only game that rich and I played on
the show for previously recorded that
was on the Xbox one that we played on
the Xbox one
do we have an Xbox one in here for
stream not for a stream for the show
Oh for the show oh whoa one yeah yeah
I'm thinking I'm thinking he said that's
such a stupid name I was thinking at the
original Xbox
[Laughter]
there it is twigs mr. big stuff you got
it first but I'm sorry you are not a
subscriber twigs Inc titanfall is the
only game we have ever played on the
Xbox one for the show
twigs gets it you know that wasn't a
yeah that was a pretty easy
twigs gets in Super Mario maker yep that
was it Super Mario maker twigs Inc
where'd you go where'd you go where'd
you go yeah yeah all right boom I'm
gonna say even Call of Duty was was ps4
huh
all right wigs I am sending you a
message
right now subject is so this is shadow
still shadow of rocket and the yeah the
code for the room is going to be one two
three and I just sent it so check your
check your inbox twigs he said hey hey
hey yeah remember we did titanfall we
certainly did titanfall and that was the
thing that we did we had to borrow that
Xbox one borrowed that Xbox one and we
even doing stream shit I don't even know
if we were streaming yet
oh I don't know to exam Oh Jonah hit the
spectator okay
Oh riches blue this time heads up
everyone
rich is still on the on the left itself
should be that hard to understand but
yeah I don't think we were streaming in
and you know we had that Xbox one to
borrow we've never I've never come up
with a good reason to get a buy an Xbox
one for the show yet but because usually
anything that comes out on the Xbox one
also comes out on the PCs right I can't
think of any any Xbox ones exclusive and
my review of Halo would just be you
can't use a mouse I know they're coming
out with a mouse they're coming out with
a mouse support for the Xbox one that's
a thing that's happening rich that'd be
the only thing that would get me to play
the Halo games no okay and they're
releasing all the original halos to
write for the remakes for the other one
yeah we're gonna work on getting you a
Wii U first and Super Mario maker
I've now unlocked all of the stuff you
can use in Super Mario maker I shouldn't
say I have my children have yeah as they
are now obsessed with Super Mario maker
I mean their levels are still shit let's
be honest look at that save nice save
nice save but they have unlocked all the
stuff and they love I mean they
basically they know now that they they
can just start any level with like a
million stars and just glide through the
level that's their thing they're like I
want to be invincible and then I want to
fight all these bad guys but it's like
but that's not fighting them whatever
they love it they'll fucking love it
shit oh shit it's been a great bribing
tool like like you know sure you can
play some Super Mario maker but you need
to clean the living room yeah absolutely
no I don't know much about this game you
make your own levels that's the idea yep
can you do it for different Mario game
yes like the style of it and here's the
thing you can switch on the fly so you
can build it in NES Super Mario yeah
with a one button press boom it's Super
Mario
it's a Samar 3 right it's a it's a what
am I trying to think what was the Mario
four uh oh my god what was a Mario for a
Super Nintendo phone
Mario World is tomorrow yeah yeah and we
know one button press oh wow you can
change that on the fly it's amazing you
do Mario 64 you can't do I realized I
didn't care about video he's a good
manager I had all the Nintendo systems
growing up and I love Mario and then we
got the 64 and I was playing Mario 64 is
like I don't like this like the
side-scrolling yeah I guess I could see
them it was a different beast you know
they were trying to do platforming yeah
3d space and and it just looks so ugly
the graphics for all those games was so
ugly that was the n64 oh no I know I
know I know so if that was yours to lose
[Laughter]
but I mean everything for the n64 was
Pistons just like blocky and hideous
they just they knew they wanted 3d but
they're like this is the best we can do
everything looked like the the money for
nothing video actually the dire straits
video looked like crisper is true yeah
oh my god rich oh that was you who are
you facing twigs that was a nice shot
twigs I forgot which one was you at
first
yeah like we unlock this stuff like the
last thing you unlock is the ability to
to make sub levels you know where you
can take pipes to different parts of the
level okay and it was so cool it's
honestly it's really fun yeah it's way
more fun than it should be that was
always my favorite part of the game
Excitebike growing up was making my own
tracks
fuck yeah just all the ramps just like
80 range just nothing but right what do
you call the hyper boosts yeah ramps
uh-huh
so you could do some sweet flips oh nice
nice work there twigs what are you hehe
discombobulated me there's a good right
head straight for the ball one score has
some good defense you can't interfere
the ball and if you're the person yep oh
nice rich nice oh nice thank you thank
you that's true Colonel rich mustard
every 3d 3d game until the ps2 era
really looks horrible like even even ps1
games I've been pulling a lot of footage
from Metal Gear Solid for our review
which is a ps1 game and it's like how
did we ever think this looked even close
to good everything look like balls ass
like not just your balls but like
imagine if you're out extra balls
that's how bad
[Laughter]
my shot my shot yeah I don't it's I've
unlocked the ability to record my own
sound effects in it so you can do that
if mario dies you could make them say
stuff oh wow that's great very great if
you're making your own Mario game can
you do like can you actually do like
dialogue and you do cutscene II type
stuff is that a thing I don't know cuz
like it has to be you know like action
specific you know for the sound effects
maybe maybe you could set up like
several blocks and the blocks a stuff oh
my god rich right place right time yeah
my place right thing that's true old
Chris we didn't know like we didn't know
like in the PS like 64 I think everyone
knew look like ass I thought it looked
ugly at the time yeah but in the ps1 era
we were duped a little bit like we
didn't know how good it could look
that's what all the Chris was saying I'm
gonna agree with him where it looks so
much better than the 64 we were like
this is it this is photo you know Laura
Croft
[Laughter]
[Music]
whatever you can do yep nice
twigs we won't allow that kind of
language in the stream that damn nice
work very nice video kijima needs to do
a mario stuff right yeah you know no
thank you
you were luigi the whole time well do
another Mario maker stream absolutely
when we first played oh oh can't put
those on YouTube though can you have you
a serving Tendo stream you can you we
just can't mama thought you just came up
we're just fine you know I enjoyed so
much that I think it's worth it and now
we have all this stuff unlock we did a
Mario maker stream already but we just
got the game and I didn't have an
like now we have all the tools and
really just playing everyone else's
levels is so much fun so anyone can make
a level damn just like upload it and
anyone can play it yep and then you you
can rate it you can comment on it no
that's fun
you know it's aggregated so then you
know the highest-rated ones get featured
and that's cool they they partner with
like specific makers it's very neat and
some of the levels are really amazing
huh all rich oh ho oh my god get there
get there
yes twigs we saw I got lucky
we saw you Biff that one yeah and that
that happens we're very sorry I'm glad
you like that Lucky Strikes yeah we had
a lot of fun with that Mario maker
scream just making your own level is
very satisfying that's cool yeah and
it's something like fixing your level
you know like you you get to play your
level eyes are making it and fixing your
level is so intuitive like like my seven
and four-year-old have that figured out
with like oh I'm missing this jump I
could just put a block here and now I
can make that jump now sure
oh these bad guys are too hard for me
I'll give myself 50 stars good game good
game
oh you're the you're the winner yeah so
no shame no shadow Mordor oh my for
twigs
that's nothing savory playing that's
what that is good game Ritchie's gonna
watch this later over some mulled wine
previous game I do want to watch that
that one fucking save for an anti oh
there was one in front of over time I
thought that was going in I want to see
what the fuck happened alright next
contestant for shadow of Mordor for the
PlayStation 4
something that I need to mail to you so
you need to be comfortable giving me
your actual address what you need to
type in is beard as in the thing on
people's faces beard beard
errand beard yard see people guessing on
now what if they do like like like BER
Edie I like your beard me no I said the
thing on people's face okay
yeah and avianna you have it
avianna you have it there alright
oh and I'm sorry I was supposed to do
trivia well we did I got one more game
to give away if we even give away this
one we're defending this one pretty damn
good yeah oh really I'm good I'm gonna
I'm gonna go ahead and say we're on
fucking point right now all right
avianna you're the code for this game is
it's one two three what one of these
times it's gonna be that we're gonna be
shit ton of people in here alright I
just sent you the code the killer
I sent you the killer what I like the
spectate then where we get to March both
these guys that's good that's good it
was an accident but a happy act yeah
waiting for you avianna
movie yeah J which is better acting Day
of the Dead or zombie - Oh day of the
dead I haven't seen zombie - I know
that's the one with the shark right yes
this is are fighting a zombie it's such
a confusing mess that zombie series but
yeah that's the the zombie fighting the
shark what you can't even tell if
there's good acting in it because all
those Italian horror movies are dubbed
there is an insane stuntman who actually
underwater dresses zombie bites the
shark me fight the shark bites him he
actually like puts his mouth on alright
Oh does he I don't even remember it's
like the craziest thing and obviously
using on Sunday makeup suits not
worrying like a scuba mask well he's
doing underwater like physically
assaulting a shark and zombie makeup in
zombie makeup that sounds awesome it is
yeah it's one of the best clips on
YouTube take it down I'm sure it's up
there and I just recently kind of
started to get into that era of Italian
horror movies which I never liked when I
was younger but that's Lucio Fulci and
I've been watching some of his stuff
lately so I need to re-watch zombie I
think if I appreciate it more now I
think I've read a bit about that I
believe the shark was well fed and
drummed you would only hope yeah yes
they don't give a fuck about animal
abuse and uh oh
almost oh that's right the birds oh yeah
there were the birds and I just throw
the fucking birds at him it'll be fine
yeah it's the weirdest thing with all
the the Italian horror movies from that
era in that they're all like Italian
actors but they're speaking English but
they would shoot those movies with no
sound because they knew they were gonna
dub him over later
sure so they're Italian actors speaking
english dubbed over by american voices
but they would also do a an italian dub
to first you know over there fucking
damn it so that's why i had the hardest
time getting into those movies when i
was younger is just the dubbing i had a
super epic save in the beginning here
and now i'm just it's all fun here we go
there we go that's the head
I'll take it listen I'll take the
wayback guidance light go engine I that
looked like it was going in what the
fucking deed
oh do we have to watch our huh
I turned it on I didn't check to see if
it's still running and maybe I did start
it before he stream oh good I just want
to make sure yeah we have not stopped to
think subscribers yet really take me to
stop to think before we do the metal
gear matches yeah oh did you did you see
me miss I saw that huh
that wood that was that was my bed I
fucked that up fuck that right up bridge
like caramel own in the 1998 NBA Finals
sports that was the game that should
have been Jordan's last game oh yeah
Jordan oh no the ball from Karl Malone
and took it down the other end the court
and scored and that put the Bulls in
scoring range when they wanted and in
the last second of the game I'm I'm from
Chicago I that's important to you
Michael Jordan didn't rape anybody oh oh
wait who did recently alleged so that's
right yeah still yeah a hockey guy right
yep a hat one game at one of them hockey
ears fuck no no no no no no oh no shadow
of mordor as yours the chat is shocked
that I watched basketball no you don't
understand I really just watched Michael
Jordan back in the day yeah everybody
did yeah like everyone in the world did
especially if you were from Chicago I
can only yes yes or anywhere near
Chicago anywhere basically the Midwest
oh yeah like you know we had the Bucks
here but it was just
is that good yes but we're all anyone
care about was Michael Jordan we were
just like no no he's close enough he's a
hometown boy Oh
choo choo choo choo choo
nobody's getting that shadow of mordor
Jack you got out you got to step up your
game step up your game I know I'm really
bit in it but I can do it I believe in
me they're never gonna have a chance to
get medal here Jack we're gonna hold on
to shadow of mordor all night long no
fucking denied fucking hell no I don't
know Oh at least your Biffen it two of
you huh jesus H Christ
okay okay this is getting silly this is
getting silly now I feel silly what's
silly is the fact that you have less
than a minute to tie this game up jack
oh oh oh you did it you did it I said
that a second earlier than I should have
but that was I mean listen we're playing
a little sloppy we're playing a little
sloppy both me and Avion are playing a
little sloppy we can we can all agree on
that right we can all agree on that yeah
we're gonna
[Laughter]
what are you title the string super game
gift giveaway okay I think the fact that
we're playing multiplayer for the actual
prizes yeah that's kind of great I think
so boom good more where Jack we're just
that was that was really nice really
nice go right I feel really happy about
that
avianna you got you got 33 seconds you
see the scroll wants to bring it to
overtime right
just need to score once can you do it I
don't know you have an opening oh oh oh
fuck fuck fuck this might happen no no
let's go to the right side that's
alright that's how I got this I got this
no yep no I got this for reals stop
hammer time dude I'm just getting it
away from you now like I'm not even
trying to score anymore I just want you
not to have it dude
that's right that's a grand boom hold on
you did it jack we've defended shadow of
Mordor 3 times yes yes now for all up to
me all of them no pressure no fucking
treasure
