Episode 389
Operation Dumbo Dropsy (Part 1)
October 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hADA_DiJo7w
___________________________________________

um someone recommended it to me I do
believe that dropsy is a point-and-click
adventure game and okay on the steam
store I saw a little bit of the art
style and it looks like it has a very
interesting art style and so I'm playing
it tonight because plans got changed and
so we couldn't do a stream together and
it's like well like this is a game that
I I don't know if I ever would pick up
just by myself so dream it alright cuz
cuz why not cuz it might suck cuz it
might suck and then at least we could
maybe get some get some jokes out of it
so hopefully richer you can see it on
your screen as well and help me out if
we need any puzzles solved alright I see
an ad for Uncharted right now alright
wait I wait til you see the great
collection the water
oh the Nathan Drake collection get all
you know what that is that's what you
played so you can get all caught up on
the story for the last game if only they
had something like that for metal gear
yeah yeah I don't think it mattered for
metal gear why don't we tie it up it'll
gear against our okay okay I just it's a
problem is it in plenty other games
doesn't really have tone problems no
that's a bad argument no risk because
all the games had tone problems and so
this we have problems I know other
people like it I don't fuck Metal Gear
fans what a budget yes they're they're
terrible they're just they don't just
they don't give a shit about the
gameplay I'm sure not all of them but
you know just based on the comments oh
no you know and I guess like I should
take time like cuz we complain off and
on about all the Metal Gear fans that
have wrote written terrible things about
us but there have been several fans who
agree with us and and just say hey I'm a
fan of the series all of your points
make absolute sense but I still like it
and that's perfectly like that's fine
and we have gotten a lot of those
comments so so that's where I talk about
anything else okay I hit the play button
on dropsy Ridge okay we're playing drop
see here here we are
drop seeing it up okay and already we
have creepy clowns we have Oh a creepy
clown that's 32 fire well that's good
good on him good he a creepy clown just
burned down a circus it might have been
an accident
why does Rich's mic sound terrible
because he's skyping in
and so he won't sound as nice as me
and okay rich this might be an already
game oh this this game is all on you
jack oh oh my god this is all on me I
okay I'm the flames
the flames are happening oh my god
so is it point-and-click it is a
point-and-click and it's kind of
terrifying so far I can look at the
things that apparently were in my
bedroom which included which includes
like a picture of someone barfing blood
a crying tin - crying clowns so we got
that going for us
oh my god this is horrifying rich I
kinda love it
okay like in love it already
I'm kind of shocked you playing this I
didn't think that you had any love of
the point-and-click after after watching
we call it the Tim Schafer game Oh
broken broken you know i i'm here's what
i'm hoping I'm hoping this is short okay
I think I have love for the
point-and-click
oh my god
oh my god
creepy things see this is this is a very
nice atmosphere III guess I don't think
I have a problem with a point book I
think I have I have a patient's problem
with point legs and that was my deal
with with broken age as I just ran out
of the floor guru mouth and just ate me
right that sounds nice
oh it was a dream it was a fever dream
it was a fever oh I picked up something
that's great
okay this might be so the circus has not
been burned down apparently not that was
a dream so I'm here in my bedroom
the pictures are no longer vomiting
blood I have a little puppy with me and
I've picked up what I have I picked up
its look in my inventory my inventory is
my giant clown pants so I'm pretty happy
about that I picked up like a birthday
picture that's that's cool you know what
I hate Jacqueline clowns you hate clowns
I hate clowns why do you hate clowns
they're not funny they're just creepy
I've never seen any clown that wasn't
some degree more creepy than he was
funny
sure sure you know they can be cons can
be creepy and this clown in particular
oh no wait okay so the Channel five News
has this whole thing that says the
circus did burn down is it a good clown
or a bad clown
what does that mean I don't know I don't
know what that means rich but I'm here
in the circus
most assuredly not burnt-down wants to
know our opinions on killer Klowns from
outer space is it is it objectively the
best movie in the world who in the world
I don't know but I haven't seen it since
I was child but some guy who helped some
props for space cop owned some genuine
screen-used killer Klowns masks yes
there in his creepy basement and then
like it's very creepy because their best
are not in good shape anymore like just
the kind of like rotting killer clown
from outer space masks so you could
imagine how that would look and this is
a guy who like as a hobby makes props
and yes his like big props are full I
believe the killer clown stuff was
actual extreme news problems oh it was
but like the rest of his basement is
also filled with like aliens and
marionettes and just weird other movie
stuff so it's all sorts of creeps it was
really fun hanging out with him forever
it was just like it was like a who's
gonna get murdered today kind of
situation that's always fun
I don't know if it's objectively the
best movie in the world yeah it's pretty
good like I like I haven't seen it since
the movie was actually brand-new right
so I don't that's the problem it's just
been too long since I've seen killer
Klowns from outer space there's
something Jay would have to say about
that oh my god oh no I'm not gonna eat
you chicken I have oh oh oh I get it I
get it
pointing clicks you know what it's been
a while since I've had I've played a
point-and-click and I forget how to do
it Jay would have a ton to say about
killer Klowns from outer space they want
me to ask you if you're excited for new
black mirror episodes
oh my god something really creepy just
happened to my clown laughed and it
scared me you know I like a little bit
of black mirror that I saw so I don't
necessarily I'm not like fanboy number
one so I don't necessarily care I think
it's it's funnier that if you remember
the the first black mayor episode we
talked about was where they the British
Prime Minister it had to I had to fuck a
pig
mm-hmm and and then it came out in the
news recently that like a British prime
minister like there's evidence of him
like fucking a pig in real life no I
don't know if I even believe that that
sounds so absurd exactly it sounds like
a metal gear plot twist sorry sorry
don't do it there is a there's a game
mechanic in dropsy rich in which our
creepy clown has to hug people okay
and when we hug them we can get presents
so we got that going for us
you know if this game is relatively
short I think I might love everything
about this game
oh I get it I get it okay
I just need a nice short game rich all
pre-record you know what for the net fur
for a while yes prereq discussions will
lead back to Medicare because you know
the big thing in our lives right now and
I don't necessarily like that it's the
big thing in our lives right now but the
Chad is saying after being serious
became 70 hours no I
you know what Chad I don't believe you
I'm just gonna go ahead left overview a
case that it probably takes 80 hours to
be oh sure that's a 100% but then
Krieger 783 says the game is easily 100
plus hours you know what I'm in no mood
for these kinds of shenanigans
I just wanna let everyone know that any
other games you're excited for and I
want to play coming up coming up
I've even XCOM nothing I can think of up
top my head
XCOM - what else is even coming up I I
don't have like a list in my brain right
I'm curious about the what are they
calling a transformers devastation oh
yeah you were mentioning that the
PlatinumGames Transformers game I'm
excited about that a little bit that's
super duper excited not a huge
Transformers fan bet fan but that game
looks fun hello yeah my audio cut out
for a second oh no I was just I was just
listening I was just listening someone
someone just like tweeted a game that
looks really amazing I'm gonna go look
it up really quick chat is mentioning no
man's sky i yeah like I said I'm a
little bit worried that the e3 trailer
the last one looked a lot it looks very
much the same as the first one we saw
we're just gonna be not that much
variety in it we'll see because I'm
still interested in it I did just get
elite dangerous which honestly I played
a little bit of it and oh it looks it
looks like a lot of things I love it
might it might be just too much for me
to get into I mean that's like a game
you could sink like a year into oh I
don't like the forests online
connectivity bullshit I was really
disappointed after that that popped up
you got register and beside it and that
was a whole thing with the way theaters
do with other people single player
experience I shouldn't have to be logged
in and registered to play it
I just I just picked up a squirrel and
kicked and kissed the squirrel rich yeah
I just I made a squirrel happy with its
my cloudiness here's my extremely early
impression elite dangerous because we
may inject a botch elite dangerous we
want we could have botched elite
dangerous well I mean we've kind of
started doing like a more of a first
impressions thing but we're gonna play
like the first four hours of a game and
not that really do a review just just
kind of show our reactions to it yes and
we we picked the lead dangerous as one
of the games we're gonna test the waters
on that with and Jack you were miserable
the whole time but I was just kind of
delighted like setting a flight path
system to the other
oh it was it was horrid like the the
whole thing was was dull and dry and you
know we had to deliver a package from
one galaxy to the other galaxies and
everything I'm looking forward you know
I want in like a simulator only only
what what happened about your lap
basically the laptop wasn't plugged in
and all of the footage we were recording
from the actual game got destroyed yes
we know that we can't use it so
something very sad happened which which
is the foot all the game footage got
destroyed which is very very upsetting
and and so I thought it was a pretty
decent I don't know that the combat
controls are tight enough for me I
combat was kind of a pain in the ass but
just just like landing and navigating
and what that was so super fun what do
you mean I can't reach that
now it was I mean I that's one of those
games where it's like i-i-i just there's
no there's no world in which I have that
much time you know to play lead
dangerous yep
oh my god these people are so Savage
these people are so sad you think
they'll be sadder what don't hug them I
don't I don't know no oh no like I see
now there's a whole bunch of stuff here
where it's like they'll say stuff like
stuff that they want you know like this
girl like it's really hot out and she's
four and that's why she's sad and then
this girl it looks like someone is
smoking and she's doesn't like that so
what's what's the object then you need
to make them happy I assume I have no
idea I'm gonna try to hug this girl but
I don't think that's gonna work do you
do you need to to solve their there once
yes I believe I need to solve their
wants and then I can hug them and and
after I hugged them that makes them
happy but I don't know for sure
we're gonna we're gonna give it a try
yes we know about the blood-borne
expansion is it actually a huge
expansion I thought it was so it's it's
an expansion I was under the impression
that it was just more like a couple
extra levels and some outfits but what
is that coming up i I don't I don't know
I just
we can bring you back to life drop see
the clown you are a clown who has um
Wi-Fi please what
who know no one has information on when
was born DLC comes out
it's a full expansion according to
doctor Telos a full expansion yes not
like those half expansions no I mean
they have to don't make Betty full
expansion she's I don't know what a full
expansion like content the amount of
things that are different okay sounds
like a retirement more than a level and
a few weapons a full expansion would be
like a significant chunk of game okay
like I'm almost like a mini sequel oh
okay nice that would uh that would fill
me with a significant amount of hype I
like there I would like an excuse to uh
to pick up a lot born again oh is it
gonna be like a knock DLC is gonna be a
separate disc is that what you're saying
chat someone saying an expansion as
opposed to DLC
what the guys are confusing it's like a
sequel but with the same engine oh I
know Lucky Strikes I couldn't just pick
it up again but you know an excuse to
pick it up is nice of course I could
just pick it up again
Japan gets a physical bundle
but we know Japan rich we don't get no
physical bundle I know like like with
with the XCOM the the enemy within I
think would have been considered an
expansion I think I think I sold it that
way I think it's called an expansion
I was uh I had a little time this oh
this man is unhappy
oh he needs a snack I have snacks I have
snacks sir do I still have snacks in my
pants then why don't you touch the
plants though no because I saw the sign
that said touching the plants equals
death
oh my god yeah I think they want to see
you die well of course they want to see
me die
hold on
he would this man wants a snack cake but
I gave my snack cake to a squirrel well
you shouldn't have done that
oh yeah he's not happy with clowns right
now because what if clowns done for him
lately
so I guess I guess I really messed up by
getting my snack cake - is that that -
that squirrel okay okay this is uh this
is a thing rich this is the thing that's
happening in the game and you know we
just gotta go for it
everyone is saying that Shay by the way
that was Jay yeah yeah sure a beer you
know he had a nice beard he had a nice
beard somebody else wanted you to hit
the pillar Pig the pillar yeah pig you
Pig the pillar oh you know what I didn't
hit any pillars I could go try the Hager
pillar
uh-oh I'm gonna go ahead oh you know I
think I might be able to dig a cactus my
Higgs our cactus no he doesn't he
doesn't want any characters this
soundtrack is full of drugs this whole
game is kind of full of drugs but the
soundtrack especially where did that
come from
that came from over here
dropsy the clown you know what DLC I did
get my hands on today what a night wing
Oh for our comic night for our comic a
night the night wing expansions came on
anything available people who didn't buy
the retarded bundle pass thing there is
anything available for people who don't
buy the retarded season pass I think I
believe it's just available for everyone
I would like I would like to pick and
choose and spend half as much on all the
bullshit just maybe just the bullshit I
want sure yeah oh you did have to hate
the pillar but what did that do what did
I get for hitting the pillar I don't
understand
yeah I think it's available it's you
know we streamed the Batgirl one
and you know like the background one I
feel was decent like you know I had a
nice big area new area right yeah some
some predator sections fighting sections
it was all that was pretty I'm gonna
call that one the the decent you know
obviously not worth the season pass
prices but this the Nightwing yeah is is
too brawler fights and at one stealth
section
oh really that's it what Ned no you like
with the Batgirl one you got to like go
around later like there were
collectibles to brawlers or one stealth
section that's all what the fuck it was
it was ridiculous and it was at Gotham
City PD so it was at a place where that
we've already been to the only things I
would want so far I would want the
background DLC and I heard they're
releasing just a normal-looking Batman
outfit that doesn't have armor plating
yeah yeah like like the outfit used in
the the the the earlier games yeah
I'm looking forward to that I'm look at
the fort of being able to play the game
as Batman sure because I think I think
Arkham Knights like the early bats that
you wear the one that's supposed to be
normal I think that one still looks kind
of ugly and if I can just wear the same
one you wore in Arkham City that would
that would be great all I want you know
I whenever whenever I pop into Batman
I'm wearing the Batman Beyond outfit
which i think is really cool
yep you know you don't get a cape it's
all it's like dark and mysterious and
you know what like maybe maybe I like it
because it goes full robot like it
doesn't try to half do any robot thing
you know oh I think my dog has to pee on
a fire hydrant I have to tell my
daughter to pee in the fire hydrant I'm
gonna say yes because I don't know yep
that did it I don't know what it did but
it did it this is a very strange game
rich a very very strange game xx Mensa
if you don't want spoilers for this game
I just know 250
you'll be fine over for dropsy yeah
you know yeah that's that's the hard
part when playing a point-and-click
is obviously everything I do is spoiling
the game can you pee on the homeless man
I have the dog pee on the homeless man
nothing I am peeing on was man I'm
trying to give him a sock right now I
think you're working cuz like I have
this sock oh wait I can dig up some
flowers
oh wait can the clown pick those
anything special planned for Star Wars
Episode seven well we're probably going
to watch it that's really about it what
does that even come out December yeah I
can only imagine I'm sure we'll do
something or other I don't know oh my
god I'm in at a church oh my god can I
hug this lady no I can't hug this lady I
need a sandwich
Christmas is Christmas is gonna be
horrible people work in a movie theater
because it's gonna be full of assholes
want to see star force work on Christmas
and they're gonna have to deal with a
busy day at work yeah like a real man
work out Oh clowns can't have sandwiches
oh you mean the clown well let me have a
sandwich or the preacher lady won't let
clowns have sandwiches rich yep stick
lords wants to know about doing an Evil
Dead of thumb when the the series starts
that's that's that's kind of like a
movie Dick's thing works which I will
attend I've I've kind of talked movie
dicks into doing this like I'm saying
that loves the Tuesday before the series
starts Tuesday before Halloween doing an
evil debt marathon that'll be great I
would show up for that
what
oh he didn't wanna he didn't want to hug
me
though I'll fix the chicken
oh this lady's hungry I have a piece of
food I can give the food to the lady I
have a tomato would you like a time that
rule says yes we are going to and he
just says we are going to which I can
only assume is referencing to the Evil
Dead marathon yes sweet sweet sweet ass
sweet sweet ass sweet
everyone should watch Evil Dead MC
Lucas's only seen Evil Dead 1 what yeah
what MC look is what what is okay - his
words at one is okay one really one is
there because of how good two is you
know like everyone everyone you know
Susan who is a different beast oh yes
what is like a horror movie not a bad
one a good horror movie sure but - we'll
just - is just kind of like a comedy
horror movie and it's great
oh yeah but like like which did you
watch first I watched people that - yeah
I never bothered we evil did one if it
weren't for evil it - of course this is
what I'm saying yeah and so it's like
everyone watches evil - - first and
loves it and then they say okay I want
to see what evil that one is and then
you under you kind of like oh I
understand why evil that one is
important only because of you know that
too
oh I can't just take a tape what do you
need man can't talk to you I'm guy I
have a puzzle figured out yeah money
yeah I'm money then the army of darkness
kind of almost drops out the horror
element tire laid it becomes just kind
of an adventure comedy film yeah some of
the best one-liners though an army a
Turkish I just found a tape of satanic
music so now I can play the tape of
satanic music in the church which will
get the lady to leave so I can grab a
sandwich and give that sandwich to the
old lady out back multiple people in the
chat saying they haven't seen able to -
somebody's seen one and army of darkness
but they haven't seen Evil Dead 2 which
is blows my mind that's evil - Evil Dead
2 is seriously one of my favorite movies
of all time like I don't I don't pick a
definite number one because changes on
my food
but Evil Dead 2 is up there there are
times when I'll say that is my favorite
movie ever sure there is nothing ever
wrong with evil then too
there's a tape too but I can't reach
that okay
okay I got it I got a devil music tape
that I gotta go to deal with you're rich
evil then - is Sam Raimi's saying let's
be fucking creative that's just some
fucked up shit that's basically what it
was is let's get wacky but we can only
sell it if it's a horror movie you know
so technically this is a horror movie
but let's get weird mike is working they
are telling you too much new key action
is telling you jack that if you click
the upper right corner you can change
the time of day oh that's helpful yeah
hold on I need to twerk again and there
it goes this games just gotten more
disturbing you can make your clown booty
dance any good if you feel so inclined
rich okay I do not I do not feel so
inclined I felt so inclined twice oh I
see
no that's not doing anything oh no I
remember I remember I I know what I can
do so it's not clicking in the upper
right hand corner that just tells you
what time of day it is I need to find a
bed oh if I go to this old lady's
cardboard box
I can sleep until it's morning time okay
that's what we do that's what we do see
you a cardboard box I sleep oh the old
lady says I can't sleep here cuz we're
not friends well say oh you old lady
now I'm working on getting you a
sandwich but the church is closed okay
its morning time all right there we go
none
the game of the chat is got oh I was
gonna say the game is not losing a ton
of frames it is just the stream I'm
dropping frames like a mofo alright but
overall everyone should be having a
better experience become and if you're
not having a good experience click the
gear button on your viewer and you can
change it you can change the options and
you might be able to change the change
it to the html5 player which is a ton
smoother oh yeah heavy metal music
playing okay I was stealing a sandwich
oh yeah
rich what is your favorite remake ever
that's nothing good thing I usually
think to rank I will say I thought the
the best remakes are usually the movies
that you had no idea they were a remake
of something sure
like like the thing like you know I was
one of those ones wait that was pen that
was that was a remake of somethin what
can I have you now lady okay okay I got
the sandwich
they say you're going to hell jack well
I did steal a sandwich from the church
yeah but there's no help
also I'm taking that sandwich to to give
to to give to a lady who's hungry so I'm
doing the work of people who give it to
charity
dude rich you do have opinions on this
rich what are your opinions of ma of
water on Mars the I ate Donuts comment
the most obvious most predictable
revelation of all time
they've had hints that there was water
on Mars like years ago I remember they
pointed to some photo and there's a
thing here and it kind of vanished but I
think that was because water or you know
did some kind of erosion there okay well
we kind of have evidence from water
already
it's like non-news I don't know why they
had the hype I mean it's cool news but
they didn't need to announce like three
days ahead of time that there was going
to be a major Mars press conference
someone still man I don't remember who I
don't remember him somebody in like a
chat from another stream or Mike or
somebody I think it was Mike said it's
it wreaked of somebody trying to getting
paid to hype up the Martian well and and
you know what that that made perfect
sense to me
and you know if it wasn't someone
getting paid to hype up the Martian what
it was was NASA's publicist saying let's
jump on this Martian hype you know yeah
it could be could be could be the other
way around where they're like everyone's
talking about the Martian we if we had
some news about Martians this would be a
big deal
I don't fucking a guy fucking webspace
I'm just saying as far as major
announcements goes notes but that was
something we basically already knew is
kind of a left out yeah I mean they did
you know they've confirmed it is what
they've done you know like it's always
been speculated and they found remnants
of ice and whatnot but now they said no
for realsies we have info you know so
that's something what is with people not
legging clowns do you actually did you
like clothes is it is people not liking
clowns it's like anything to you Richie
hey were you unaware that I was a clown
were you a clown yes I literally went to
Clown College oh this is a really it
explains so much I I juggled I did
balloon animals
I wore big floppy shoes I worked at
children's birthday parties yeah no I
fucking hate clowns I was I was a legit
clown I am firmly envied clowns are
creepy yeah sure
you should be usually take a look at the
chat right now my my - ah this explains
so much yes no there really is a Clown
College I it was it was a class offered
at a college and you would help teach
you you know mostly it was like how to
you know like how to organize your party
how to you know like some games you can
play these are some things you can do
like billing promoting yourself yeah it
was by the way I'm the TV you can watch
Mystery Science Theater 3000 I don't
know if anyone notices that you know you
know what else really exists what
hamburger University
what does hamburger University it's a
McDonald's training place there you go
so in any case I wasn't calm I I was
pretty good at it I can still jungle
slightly I am also I can I still
remember how to make balloon animals
some not too many how do you feel about
talking about so low if he would like to
talk about some well we can talk about
some we also so the our first impression
series we first tried out with soma and
then lost all the footage for the
dangerous but we did play a good chunk
of someone we played in fact for hours
yeah soma is like if alien isolation had
a good story yes
which kind of makes it all the more
disappointing for me because I really
can't stand that non game I mean IIIi
fucking love the subject matter and and
the dialogue between characters yep
hey I love it somatically I just can't
stand playing it I really really want to
either read a soma novel or a soma movie
but as a game follow the linear thing
find the next button you have to push it
open the doors it was next champion the
game in it was utter utter tedium and
then here's another watered-down stealth
encounter with one monster I know that's
right soma more like coma it was very
boring but like rich said thematically
and philosophically oh that's the story
was so wonderful I I want the
novelization of soma because it was
really interesting I just I just
couldn't playing it like I didn't care
about playing it to get to the good
story part and you know yeah
I actually I I watched like videos of
the story online I did not feel like
playing the game to get to that sniff
oh I get it
yeah I'm totally with you yes I did
where I wore clown makeup and I had a
clown outfit I actually had to drive to
where did I have to drive it I said
drives are like Auclair to get big
floppy clown shoes because you know this
was like this was pretty pre-internet
and and so the only place we could get
clown shoes was Eclair and so no I I was
a legitimate I lived on a farm I was a
clown I was a butcher no I am NOT a
psychopathic murderer these are just all
the things I've done
oh yeah yeah oh I don't even you know
what I don't know if I have any pictures
from when I was a clown I'll be honest
with you
never never show they never show oh I'll
never want to be anywhere near you ever
again
no yeah yeah that's fine I
I'm not very good at like holding on to
just stuff like like pictures or stuff
like that so and so I don't know if I
have any pictures from back in the day
back in the clown day I can go to sleep
she'll reach the pecs I I will look is
what I will tell you I will look for
pictures
there is just no guarantee
that I have anything like any proof I
was a clown
look who would ever admit to being a
clown I would lie about that somebody
told you they were a clown you know rich
rich by the way has a really good point
it's like somebody you know I get my own
boogers what first of all why would
someone tell you that why would you tell
me you were a clown I guess that was a
job I had that was a part of my life for
a while being a clown and we're playing
a creepy clown game and you keep on you
know harshing my clown vibe here and it
was just it was basically like you were
making like like pollock jokes
and and I was like rich I'm polish you
know did you not know that I was polish
I don't I don't think the two things are
equivalent Jack probably not English is
a lot smarter than being a clown
a little girl didn't like my flower
I think I need that squirrel what can I
give that squirrel I need buddy's ready
he doesn't I need something jack you
still I do it by the way you are correct
lender flex and ski I do still work as a
clown the one I'm doing right here it's
basically okay what can I do with this
squirrel here yes I know you're happy
squirrel but can you get stuff for me
what's that what point did you decide
yeah I'm going to get into the lucrative
field of clowning how did that how does
it happen you know good question you
know I've just kind of always been a
goofy kid and that was just part of it
is like then this was I was pretty young
when I was a clown you know yeah
16:15 and it was just one of those
things where it's like oh I you know he
owns entertain people I can entertain
people I like entertaining people and so
I've you know found a clown class and
was a clown for a lot of it
see I figure I figured you know if you
goofy and you want just something goofy
for a living and I know you also did
this I I would think like first instinct
would be stand-up comedian sure sure
yeah what did you what did you try first
the clowning because I was too young you
know like you can't you can't go do
stand-up comedy in the stand-up scene
you know when you're when you're
you don't like my clown this right now
so so you know like I guess I'm okay
with clowns I have never had I've never
heard of anyone who's like anti I mean I
know people are scared of clowns but
Mike how could you never have met
somebody who just didn't like clowns
you know everybody go ahead no no no
that was it
sorry oh no you know I was like but
everyone I've met has been like very
indifferent towards clowns you know okay
okay just like clowns whatever but you
you're you know anti yeah yeah never did
like the clowns I was not there was help
right don't know what to do about this
bird here don't know what to do about
this bird here Dave Chappelle started
really young in this circuit well listen
I'm sure it's possible to start really
young in the circuit but again I grew up
on a farm and so let's think about the
multitude of comedy clubs in Farmville
too many of them so just one of those
things oh and you know what that's
another I just know you're gonna be
really disappointed in me I don't even
remember what my clown name was it
wasn't very like I couldn't think of a
creative one like I didn't have a stick
yep
you know like a lot of times your makeup
and your name is related to your stick
and I did not have a very strong stick
okay and so like it was probably just
like Jaco the clown I have I just have
no recollection of what my clown was yep
the Supergirl and clowns
get back to this tape deck here and I
have another tape that I can put in the
tape deck we're gonna be better try I am
NOT trying to make you feel bad about
your clown origins dare I do this when I
was younger I was definitely a clown
phobic okay
I do not remember the Simpsons flashback
episode with young Bart and like the
clowns in his room and freaked him out
yes it was that was basically me you
know no I take I'm not taking personal
offense to it
moaning as if herb really bothers me for
some reason yeah no no I did not do any
grief counseling as a clown oh that's
right didn't like like a Homer made him
a big clown bed right yeah yeah that was
funny
I can't steal another sandwich
these ladies are gonna be no help
these ladies are gonna be no help
but about who what about Krusty the
Klown crusty carrot
isn't an actual cloud he's a parody of
Bozo the club
okay what the hell is this this is
dropsy a quite bizarre point-and-click
adventure game and this this is what I'm
playing tonight someone that someone
mentioned that that we should play it
and I said yeah why not why not
no I gets us back to the circus nice I
said why
so when I was also mentioning I wanted
it go
going back to games that we are looking
forward to do Tim j o tu n nothing about
it I I had I've never heard of it either
but jus ting it was described to me as
titanfall and not titanfall I was the
Titan souls Titan souls done correctly
okay
and it was refresh my memory which one
is Titan souls again Titan souls was the
shadow of the colossus but an on my on a
pixel art scale and you only get oh no
we get hit once and you only get one
arrow and you have to hit the enemy just
once
yeah right yeah you were kind of soso
about it yeah yeah and I like lost favor
with it pretty
oh you are hungry okay I forget oh it's
pronounced yo tun oh oh I can hug this
thing maybe in any case it has that art
style it has an art style very akin to
banner saga that hand-drawn animation
and it looks gorgeous but it's also like
about a tiny Viking who needs to prove
his worth in Valhalla it looks great
really excited you'll ttan is out
already
Wow great that's just on my view comment
lists at my permanent and ever-growing
list of things I want to play or do