Episode 400
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes (part 1)
October 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9jTbn0B6yw
___________________________________________

one green light one green light that's
kind of a reference for there are four
lights was the reference the card the
the episode the the two-parter where
he's captured by the croissants and
tortured oh yeah I forget the exact
number of lights but they want him to
say that there are five lights and
they're actually four they want to break
the car oh sure sure
so everybody we so you can probably see
what we're playing we're gonna play keep
talking and nobody explodes and we
actually had to print out the matt baume
manual I think I wish I wish you could
see this thing it's it's it's huge here
here I mean like like look at this thing
look at this thing it's huge like and we
had to print out the whole thing
it's like 23 pages it's huge
which is I mean it's too much I think
and so we have to like get it in order
which i think is going to be like part
of the actually something we we need to
do getting to business I know it's crazy
it's crazy town so what we need to do is
make sure that our voices are in sync
yeah so one of one of the mods tell us
if you can hear this I'm going to clap
tell us if our voices are in sync or if
we need to mess with the settings we we
checked it out is this the first time
this is the first time ever and it was
Rich's idea yom-yom and here it's fine
do it in sync I think he left over
beefcake i I think rich decided to get
the face cam because he finally watched
a different stream
oh my god facecam let's get a neat rich
for the first time in his life watched
of a live twitch stream it was like hey
that face cam technology that's pretty
rad outstanding actually watch somebody
streaming this game you know and and
like I admitted to rich that when I look
for people streaming games on Twitch I
usually pick people who have a face cam
yeah and I don't know why that is but
like in my head like they're more
trustworthy and we've just never had a
face cam because obviously we can't even
deal with playing games we're worried
about being a hassle because we can't
get anything right we're gonna find so
far right you're gonna you're gonna
start this shit look at this it's
amazing so I know very little about the
game and I only watched like a few hours
of streaming hours right
and so we're a little in the dark I'm
gonna be playing and what has to happen
here is rich is basically just gonna
turn away from the TV so he can't see it
right oh my god okay I am turned away
from the TV and my bald spot is clearly
visible oh my god look at that that's
amazing look at that you guys are
getting a one rich Evans bald spot
alright so I I am the bomb defusal
expert yeah and Jack will be trapped in
a room with a bomb yes okay let's see
yeah this game requires bomb defusal
manual version one to play please make
sure that you have the correct banjo
what is the two for one two for one
submit yes rain sounds good alright
sounds good let's go over the controls
okay what are we going next
no sorry I was watching the event you
vain son of a bitch
no I was watching the chat okay so like
the bottom a is to select cut the blue
wire
okay so yeah this is pretty standard
just a new bomb was placed on the table
deselect the current module what wait
what deselect cuz I'm gonna need to do
this be be just be basically goes
backwards okay how do you select an
individual module I there contribute it
and then a 2 goes to zoom it how do you
okay well she'll say so the bomb is
different than the other it has a second
module press the button oh so then you
zoom into this module yeah way to press
the button again oh you know what we
need to do rich what we need to move our
what the fuck's now to the other side
Oh cuz we're on this side we have you
know our what the fucks are now hold on
tabbing I'm alt tabbing away from here
so then the doubler sub alert moves over
here all right that's fine Barry oh
thank you if whoever didn't subbed right
now for letting assess that unless you
hit a thing did you hit a thing or was
it just good timing no it was just good
timing oh thank you great thank you
cracker man
5:26 you can see how like our camera
goes up to here a little strange it's a
little strange it John King what we're
gonna see how the FaceCam goes I I'm a
little unsure about it he's vain
he's so vain I am I'm just looking at
myself right now and thinking oh what a
handsome man let's go to this game go to
this game rotate how do you rotate right
right stick right stick just okay
right stick rotates great great yeah
that's easy-peasy
yeah thank you the real quaid i did
support the Reading Rainbow Kickstarter
so every child could have access to the
Reading Rainbow oh yeah there we go okay
if you ever need reminder of these
controls okay finish great I could do
this
so now rich you cannot look at the
screen even a little bit I know I'm not
you're all for the campi mm-hmm we'll
just see we'll just see how you guys
feel about the cam we'll see how we feel
about the cam and I don't know it seems
to be the thing that people do bombs all
right are we ready for our first bomb
rich yeah why the fuck not horrible
right okay the first bomb everybody has
to start somewhere let's just hope it
doesn't end here to make sure your
experts have the manual rich has the
manual hey I turn more you can't even
purr if that's why I turned a little bit
more even / are you ready to start oh
god yeah is gonna go horrible but yes
I'm ready
I can't wait to you're in charge of this
ship okay
I'm not allowed to look at the bomb
defusal manual all right let's see what
happens
nope alright what do you got what do you
got oh my god okay so uh top middle
there is one big oh here we go there
there's there's one with like Roman said
no symbols symbols hi I'm not pie like
Alpha Omega symbols alright only one
column has all four symbols depress the
four buttons in order of the symbols
appear from top to bottom within that
column
alright describe some symbols with the
top from from top like reading about the
left sure so top left is like a circle
with feet an incomplete circle with feet
Omega Omega okay what's next
the next is AE okay and it's like Omega
Omega AE then what and then like like a
six there's okay okay like a six like a
six with a flat top okay and then kind
of like a number sign on a six number
sign AE Omega yeah that's the orders
notice six six numbers cell number sign
a Omega Omega I think we got it okay
good what's next what's next wires there
are three wires yellow white white three
wires three wires why are gonna have
three six wires out and only the one
correct wire needs to be cut to
ceremonial okay okay three wires if
there are no red wires cut the second
wire are there red wires no red wires
then cut the second wire we did it go
next next next and then there's a hold
button it's just one big button that
says hold subjective to the button what
does it say it says hold I played that
like eight times what color isn't it's
red it is a red button that says hold
alright red home we can do this we can
do this and there's nothing there's
nothing else this is it just one red
button that says hold oh my god do I
press the button if the button is red
and the button says hold press and
immediately release the button do we do
it
we did it alright
how much time do we have
we did it in two minutes how much time
was in the bomb five five out of Wow
easy we did we did that easy easy I got
a check yeah you gotta check the back we
did it oh that's fun
okay let's see what happens next
selection to the basics something old
something new WI yeah okay something old
something new when did seeing a familiar
bomb become comforting no matter this
bomb will only be half comforting okay
half comforting okay we have five
minutes all right give me a module rich
you oh you have a bomb in your lap Jack
and it's gonna blow up
this is serious okay all right ready yes
go okay we have one blue button that
says detonated I'm gonna guess we don't
I have to read things is there more than
one battery on the bomber more than one
battery yes is there more than one
battery how do you know what the move
you know what a battery looks like you
have them in your remote control I don't
see anybody it's something like on the
side of the bottom of the bomb I don't
see any better any batteries yeah okay
okay that's not gonna help okay there is
a white button that says hold white I
think you should blue well that's this
is a different module what a time Jack
there's a blue module that's module that
says detonate okay okay let me let's
focus on the wait wait the blue one says
detonator hold detonate the blue ones is
detonated yes the white one says hold
yes okay okay okay it's not this is not
gonna go well I can see that already
oh my god wait rich there's batteries
how many batteries are two batteries
alright alright alright
I forgot to look at the top in the
bottom of the if there's more than one
battery on the bomb yeah and the button
says detonate press and immediately
release the button okay
got it right then the other one is white
this is hold yes alright is there on the
side of the bomb is there a lip
indicator that says ca are a little
indicator that's a CA are yes no there's
there's one that says frk and one that
says okay okay white wait what do they
say f RK and s IG there's no more
there's only two batteries there's only
two batteries okay but this ran on the
above apply hold the releasing a hell
button if you button down a colored
strip will light up on the right side of
the module based on its color you must
release all right hold down the button
hold it down what color is the indicator
what color is that straight yellow
release it when the countdown timer has
a 5 in any position okay oh my god we
did it
alright next next module next module
okay it looks like um it's like a grid
of squares and it has um two green
circles on it okay okay looking for this
okay what did you do I died crazy but
don't press buttons Jack I'm you're my
puppet you're my puppet oh my god oh my
god oh and I can okay it looks like I
can can go up down left or right
yes squares with two green I just wanted
to press the button to see what it did
and it didn't we got our strike
alright where are the rows and columns
okay Jack what's the room what's the
combo is row across columns are up in
towns over there okay where are the
green circles first column second row
this is a one green circle first column
second row is correct
oh my god I don't think I'm doing so
well first column second row NORTHCOM
second row six column third row yes
all right where where is the the white
dot is third column third row third
column third row yes
all right where's the red dot the red
whatever oh the red X is last column one
two three four fifth row all right we're
down so third row third column is the
the white yeah all right down yep right
yep up yep right right down until you
hit it we're good we had 18 seconds
great can you believe that I feel like a
hero
you are a hero rich Evan I'm gonna do
one more and then we'll switch places
sure and we do one more easy one I
double your money
all right let's see here the task is
clear but the timer doesn't care about
your workload oh my god
all right let's do it let's do it rich
all right what do we got what are we up
it does look like rich is looking right
at the bomb because like you're looking
at what it looks like you're looking at
the screen
oh that's what he's raising away the
bomb is there they can't see your hand
okay
first module I see has one two three
four five wires five wires all right the
red wires snow if there are no red wires
cut the second wire oh how many wires
are there five fires oh my god oh my god
all right is the last wire black no all
right is there exactly one red wire no
that was either all right there no black
wires there are two black wires all
right cut the first wire there we go
all right next okay okay we have another
one of those was on me by the way yeah
maze we have another one of those symbol
ones right what do we got what do we got
what do we got we got something that
looks like a question mark that kind of
teetered off teetered off or upside down
teetered off it's like started as a
question mark and then it kind of like a
question mark so it's or like a three
that that like with a Y on top know what
like a three with antennas no it's like
this the top of a three and in the
bottom the the paper got ripped away
from your hand so it's like three okay
okay okay we have a curve that goes into
a loop okay we have the copyright symbol
okay and we have a fancy a it's like a
happy right symbol curvy thing ripped
off three and then the other one that's
it all right okay now we have another
one of those yeah we have a backwards C
with a dot in in it yeah yeah we have an
O with a line on the bottom okay
star star a star
a hollowed-out starts just the outline
of a star okay okay and an upside-down
question mark yes the queue the over the
thing in the bottom backwards C star and
then the last one that's it
okay next okay and then now we have one
with two Y or with three wires three
wires three wires all right are the red
wires no red wires cut the second wire
that's it
all right okay now we have one red
button that says press we actually have
two red buttons that say press but but
like one module is one red button and
then the second module is another button
red button is pressed they're both red
buttons and they both say press has two
modules yes but I'd the one I'm on is
just one red button that says press well
then just one module of time you're
gonna confuse me okay all right one red
bottom word button this is fresh yeah
that helps me not one battery a dead
name no names I didn't impress so good
indicator that says F arcade lit
indicator that says frk the side of the
bomb you know all right hold the button
and tell me what color comes up yellow
release with a countdown timer has a
five in any position okay and then the
same with the second one what does the
second button look like it's a big red
button that says press the same thing
yeah same thing
yeah oh it knows but it's white now oh
oh oh my god that was my bad for me yeah
oh dear guy was killed you oh yeah count
don't really hold it then then release
it when the countdown timer has one in
any position
sweet boom that was a terrible high-five
that was all elicit reverse high-fives
our first on-camera high-five and I
think we messed it up
well I'm sorry jack hahahahaha I'm sorry
I kept you from blowing up
we had like 30 seconds all right so
what's the plan you want to know I got
the wire Oh oh my god oh my god Jesus
okay you take that take that
all right I'm gonna turn now this is no
death run so far so are you just gonna
do free play are you gonna keep going
with the okay oh my god there are so
many manuals here yes you get German
jack I have nowhere near done enough for
my liking no face cam no technical
problems and the bomb has not blown up
yet this is not the prereq I'm used to
ah right okay okay everybody I have a
bomb manual alright I have a bomb manual
defusing bombs are you ready I mean no
what does go when you're tell me when
you're ready to go subject of wires and
the subject of the button keypads oh my
god oh just go let's just see what
happens what what you do I'm getting
Stern
okay all right I am starting okay I'm
ready I'm ready
I mean oh my god there's no light okay
there we go okay symbols symbols I can
looks wait wait
symbols okay one looks kind of like a
fancy H with like a lie on the cursive
lie in the bottom right corner almost
like a cursive age though like an
uppercase cursive age then the other one
looks like a like an A with a T in the
middle of it
a cursive H with a lie on the bottom
kind of yeah or it could be like a K
it's got like kind of like a fancy X or
maybe an H okay I think I see
all right then there's next to that
there's a a with a catty in the middle
okay there's that circle with the line
on the bottom kind of like a cue circle
with the line on the bottom okay and
then there's like a zig zaggy thing kind
of like almost like backwards and on its
side a backwards it's it's it's got some
zigs and zags there's a lot of zig zags
backwards and on its side oh oh yeah I
see the backwards AM okay okay press the
four buttons in order that the symbol
appears from the okay okay ready yeah a
with T okay no press the four buttons in
the order their symbol appears from top
to bottom within that column
yes what they're all gonna be in one of
those columns on that page Oh are they
yes
what I'm gonna get us blown up right
away
yeah whatever simple appears they're all
gonna appear in one of the columns
whichever one appears the top that's the
one I at first they're all gonna appear
and want to become why am I talking you
through this oh I see okay a circle line
okay 80 80 anything anything age thing
okay here we go yellow button that's
this whole subject of buttons okay if
the button is yellow hold button refer
to releasing a Help button okay hold it
down until you see what color red
countdown timer has a one good all right
all right I got the mace thing Oh an
amazing amazing fifth column third row
for a green circle I'm not even on the
title yeah
amazing okay go ahead
fifth column third row and then bottom
row fourth column are the green circles
bottom row fourth column mm-hmm okay
all right the white the white dot is Row
three column three Row three column
three the red triangle is column five
bottom row okay right right up wait
right okay up left left left left left
down oh shit down okay right right down
down right right right right down down
left left left left down right right
right right right all right all right
there's a
this is the thing with a word knit it
says you are your you apostrophe re I
got 24 seconds or I'm gonna blow up this
thing with a word in it yeah the second
second
it says you're sorry I said wouldn't it
boom
oh no we're done what is that one all
right
we tried you we're gonna retry we're
gonna make it work oh my god hold on I
can't even find the one with a little
word in it
the terrorists ran you're right Oh
oh my god what I got sorry I got six
wires six Meyers Rock six Meyers tell me
what to do yellow wires did you wire
wires I get six six wires are there
yellow one yellow wire okay are there
more than one white wire no there's no
white wires there's no white wire yellow
wire on the bottom no white wires cut
the last wire last wild no no there is a
yellow wire there is a yellow wire that
I cut and it was on the bottom there's
no white wires and I cut it there's no
white wires no my wires and there's six
wires six wires and as are their red
wires is one red wire
oh there you go cut the fourth way oh
thanks okay symbols symbols I get their
symbols okay all right we got that a
with the T any with the team we got that
backwards in backwards in we got that
thing unless I got like a fancy kind of
a with like a little thingy on top yep
and then we got something that looks
like a like a train engine
going left yep okay all right 1818 fancy
a fancy a and and train train
all right maze maze top left very top
left there's a circle say no more right
all right white white squares top left
and then the red is third row third
column and bottom row third column
bottom row okay all the way down all the
way down yep
okay and then over just over all right
easy all right um all right we got
anything on the back no okay
we got a thing with numbers there's four
buttons and say four three one and two
and then there's a big display number on
top of that that says for two and a half
minutes okay okay okay there's the thing
with numbers it's four buttons there's
four buttons and then there's a big
display that's this form does it look
like Simon Says no this looks nothing
like Simon Says there's there's on the
top there's like a big big display on
top with the number 40 under that there
are like four four like piano he looking
like buttons just rectangle shape
buttons for rhythm for arson one of them
says 400k this is six I see okay okay
press the correct button their progress
is module pressing the encourage button
it's the display the display is for yes
press the button in the fourth position
all right that was button 2 now it says
3 press the button in the third position
no no oh three oh sorry press the button
in the first position
that was not right
that blue blow to me up pressing the
incorrect button will reset the module
back to stage one oh no that's fine rich
did you get the harder things you're
gonna heart I'm a terrible this is this
incremental we did the easy ones first
I'm a terrible bomb expert that's what's
fun that's what's fun alright retried
good guys guys darn it we got it I got
to survive one of these times she's
Gorham it alright mmm oh my god hmm hmm
well its first I'm restarting okay yeah
we're it no I was no no no you saw that
you and we're totally we're totally
restarted you need to tell me when you
start cuz I did think of water I did
tell you you need to let it start okay
alright alright the lights are off I
can't see anything okay okay a yellow
button
this is detonate on the subject of
buttons it's a yellow button yeah it
says detonate how many batteries are in
the bomb um four four triple A batteries
is there a label frk no okay hold and
look at the color white release when the
computer timer is that a one there's a
one in it nope it's a yellow button it
says detonate guys four batteries
oh I just press immediately and release
okay okay maze maze how you do the maze
fifth fifth columns second row fifth
column second row and then second column
fourth row
what the green circle yeah
fifth column second row okay
this other green circle is in second
column fourth row
are you getting columns and rows
backwards Rose go I'm not on the top
across so second row from the top down
yeah second row then five spaces over I
don't see this four spaces over five
spaces over okay then second column for
down okay I'm with you all right
the white white bit second column fifth
row
the red triangle is fifth column third
row so they're under both circles
they're under both circles yeah okay
we're which way which one is white one
white one is second column fifth row
okay down down right right up up up up
right right up up right right right
I'm up I'm done oh great
this all right now we got symbols aim
with a teeth it was a day you're fucking
with me
I a with a team that fancy cursive H yep
that fancy a thing with a Quigley big on
the top yeah and then the circle with a
line under certain with one a little sir
one 1880 fancy a fancy 8h all right good
we got a thing that says yes and then
there are six buttons under that oh I
know that one I know that one I know
that one it says yes it says yes got
less than a minute God oh um push the
the first column first column up and
down middle one no God darn it there's
there is nothing in the display this is
nothing nothing
can can I tell you something real about
me I don't know the difference between
columns and rows it doesn't it column is
up and down yeah you can tell me that
like a hundred times I won't remember
read the label and particularly I'm just
gonna have to guess no I'm done
oh I get it wait what I'm dead there's
no way I could like look at this that
was that one that was that was pages
there was no way I could tell you right
trying to go wait wait wait wait let me
just we'll read this there's no time for
reading the pomace is five minutes
Hamas's five minutes we're starting Oh
No okay Oh No well what whip start did
you look over I didn't see anything I
didn't see all right all right I didn't
see yeah we got that thing with the
numbers display says four just not what
the four buttons just you know I I
shouldn't be the one reading will switch
off you know switch off it's fun we're
doing great jack and we were doing good
we're doing great I feel I feel like
we're doing great
wait what is this one again number Oh
playing with the four buttons okay
number display with the four buttons
okay what is it for it says for press
the fourth button all right said one now
it says one now now it says for me
now it says what my push was one
analysis for second time says for press
the button in the same position as you
press and Stage one alright now it says
to press the button with the same label
as you pressed in stage one one press
the button in the same position as you
pressed in the same in stage one one
press the button with the same label as
you pressed in stage one yes
game for memory okay alright maze maze
second over from the top and second over
from the bottom that now you speak in my
language second over from the top second
over from the bottom where's my maze
where's my maze second over from the top
okay it's taken off from the bottom
yep the white dot is second up five over
second up five over up up one over five
yep
and then the red thing is up four over
four up for the other red thing is up 4
over 4 over 4 right up for four right
and the white thing is up 1 or up to
fourth column third row is the red
triangle yeah columns and rows don't
mean anything I know they don't
so starting from the top go down three
one and the first count goin says well
then go right for that is my red
triangle and and where's your white that
again
my all right from the bottom you go up
one and then over five do we start at
the top one at the bottom are we started
the butler okay left left left up left
twice yeah okay up right right right
right up up left oh my god up yeah and
you're there no not I am currently all
the way over to the right three from the
bottom then up then
I don't know the difference between rows
and columns and then you said when you
said okay so here's the question
when you set up one I'm sure you pay me
up one or up or one and then up one is
involved I would say on the bottom right
bottom I would love to do rows and
columns I can't I can't understand rows
in column row yeah you can borrow it you
can say that 100 times I will not
remember the difference between rows and
columns it's just a weird thing about me
I don't understand the difference
between rows and columns you know it's
like latitude/longitude no right there I
got part of just using the PI's columns
like on a building oh that actually
helps waffle tale Thanks
so if you hit retry to you get a new
bomb yes okay all right
yeah dungeon master blaster again it's
this is fun it's fine it's absolutely
fun and it's actually better than if we
were sailing through it sure so I don't
know if you know this about me but my
brain does not function properly
it just doesn't all right pressures all
on me no now the pressure is on rich and
we have real bombs here rows and columns
comedy but by the way now that you say
columns on a building that that makes a
visual reference for me and that does
help
so thanks okay ready yes are you ready
and yes wait I lost my chat
I lost much in there it is okay ready
yes I hit retry all right
they don't have columns on farms they
have rows about you like they have rows
of corn
okay maze maze okay what do we got what
about what do we have okay first column
fifth row is a green thing first column
fifth row then third column second row
okay okay the white thing starts third
column fourth row third column four
throw the red thing starts fourth column
bottom row all right dumb to get to the
bottom and then right okay all right
next symbols symbols or I wouldn't got
four columns we have an upside-down P
with a like a T that we have a smiley
face okay upside-down question mark okay
and and like a musical thing it's like a
backwards piece but sailin yeah
musical thing musical thing yep P of the
team yep
you save as a question mark was one
upside-down question mark yep and then
smiley face got it okay next wires wires
one two three four five wires five wires
is the last wire black no is there
exactly one red wire there are two red
wires all right are there there are no
black wires there are no black well the
same where yep look up wake up put a
word the word with the the six buttons
and the word is read
no Horacio I was doing that just to keep
every straight with me
column row column row I like the
building column all right so it says
read read like like a like re Edie
alright what's in the bottom left the
bottom bottom left is your like what
kind of your ' no no like why oh you are
no ' all right is there oh like oh you
age you inch yeah hit it
okay nope okay now we have the word in
the in the main viewer is see like the
letter C se e okay bottom right bottom
right is next
okay uh is there what question mark no
uh-huh uh-huh yep hit it okay what's
next
the with se e se e the bottom right hold
hold
all right the words you and are yes hit
yep all right what's next you y ou you y
ou you y ou you all right right side
middle button uh-huh h u h u h u h u h
alright the letters you an are yep hit
we got bomb defuser expert Ritz your
bomb defusing expert alright what's next
okay
was that just a random 100 you been
going on less alright
oh we're doing pick up the pace now Oh
rich was born for clerical work you're
right we have we have a request from the
binary Sun please have rich instruct you
as Robert Stack from airplane do you
remember Robert static from airplane oh
I don't know what do you how did things
at airplane alright
reading this only uses up your time you
don't have chop-chop we only have three
minutes okay alright let's see what we
got here here we go we can do this
everything's gonna be fine
and we have the wires one two three four
five six wires where's other are their
yellow wires two yellow wires is there
there's two yellow wires okay
are there no red wires no red wires cut
the last one got it next Mae's fifth
column third row and fourth column
bottom all right starting fourth column
top ending fourth column second from the
bottom right okay down left as far as
you can go
yep done 1 right 1 down 1 right twice
down one there you go
alright and and we have the the you are
the the word with this the six buttons
what you are yet like the letters you an
arm no no sorry why are you a re very
tricky game very true yes I know
bottom right what's in the bottom right
you h h h u h HH yep
you mean h u h u h h h
that's not on here jack Adam right why
are you a re bottom bottom right you HHH
all right ready yep
hit it okay next read re d all right
right middle right middle done sure
no uh-huh no next no well have to
question mark no your why oh you are
yes get it okay next next it's coming
it's coming
led bottom left
you are or you know Europe your
apostrophe re all right you yep uh-huh
that wasn't it our EAD is in the led now
sorry ad re ad middle right right middle
blank damnit time yeah
I'm sorry jack I'm sorry it's okay we
only have three minutes well things are
getting harder we all lose every once in
a while another module no that was the
last module and that was the last part
of the last module and I'm hitting retry
I'm hidden retry just two days from
retirement
okay okay okay ready yeah we have the
symbols all right
smiley face smiley face question mark
I'm side down question I'm sorry
upside-down question six with a flat top
okay and like two K's backwards six at
the flat top yep Kay's Russian mark
smiling done okay
all right now we have the the know the
word and the six buttons done yeah is
your Y oh you are right middle right
middle is okay okay a Y is okay a why
okay
middle this is word that says middle no
no no first yes hit it
okay next led bottom left what
I said what is it yeah what is it what
oh oh
wh-why are you know hold no you
apostrophe re no you're like just why
don't you learn what are you know done
no uh-uh
like no you why are you now you are you
why are you re you are no uh-huh no the
letters you and our next know what
question Merc
no sure nope you said the word is what
yes what's the top word led bottom left
says what says what
oh god this what with a question mark of
what without a question mark you HHH
know what left nothing what what is what
there yeah they hit what okay next hold
on alright hold on hold on
but right bottom right is why oh you are
uh-huh yep next okay then we have like a
like a blue red yellow green like
assignment says okay okay this is serial
number contain a vowel yes all right
is there a flashing button yellow is
flashing
there's no strikes no strikes
we have no strikes we have no strikes
yellow nope
now we have a strike okay the flush
what's a flashing color yellow oh fuck I
did for red our one strike flashing red
head lice are you rushing yellow I'm
sorry hit red yep
okay okay so don't do Simon Says when it
tells you Simon Says okay that is that
makes it mcdu that's conditioning I'm
conditioned to do Sam says okay Oh Simon
Says oh I looked over I didn't see much
okay good Simon Says okay what's
flashing green is flashing yellow okay
oh I didn't ask you the serial number
contained a vowel oh my god now and now
it's green red green red I'm not gonna
play it it also tells 100 this okay
contains a vowel it does it's doing
green red green red no strikes so yellow
blue yep
green red yellow green red yellow yellow
blue green yellow blue green green red
yellow red yellow blue green blue yellow
blue green blue green red yellow red
yellow all right green red yellow red
yellow yes yellow blue green blue green
that's it
simples Oh God all right next several
symbols we have a star yeah a smiley
face
yeah something that looks like a Triton
a trident monster it seems our smiley
face and then it's like a you with an
eye in there okay filled in star yes
smiley face
yep you with an eye in the middle yep
you in the eye of the middle wait wait
there's one more let's get you in the
middle yeah smiley face yep whatever the
other one was and star got and then we
have a number in a screen and four
numbers all right we're in the book all
right all right the number with the four
buttons yeah
all right what's the top on one one
press the button in the second position
okay that is 2 2 2 2 yep okay and now we
have three so now you go to stage press
the button in the first position okay
and now we have the number 3 but in the
third position okay now we have the
number 3 the same position as you
pressed in stage 2 okay and now we have
the number 2 button with the same label
you pressed in stage 2 oh my god I don't
know we're gonna take notes in the
future not it's not - we starting over
now are you starting over now we're
gonna die yeah we're 4
first position damn it's deer bats we
got Simon we got son hold on I'm getting
my notebook ready do you want to keep
track you want me to keep track I'll
keep track you can't look this way no
okay
my notebook is ready for note-taking
okay I'm gonna be so I am I am disgusted
with myself work but but like all I was
trying to remember was like what the
number you know what like the position
and the number was the first time mm-hmm
and I needed to know more good memory
flash it okay retry retry retry retry
retry hi ready yeah I'm ready are you
ready I'm ready
flyers how many wires
four four wires sir more than one red
wire where there's one red wire isn't
that more than one though okay
it's last wire yellow know how many blue
wires no blue wires there's more than
one yellow wire yes cut the last one
great next all right now we have a
letter or a word and the six words that
go with it
okay what's the word CSEE bottom right
bottom right is the letter U the letter
are done no the letter you know the
letter U ours yeah okay okay so now we
have the word they are they a are first
column second one down bottom is the
letter U what are you uh-huh yeah
hit it okay next we got this right sweet
so next next next l-e-d all right middle
left middle left is UHU H
letters you are no what are you yes you
hit it okay now our last module is that
is that the same one thing same thing
two of those fires and so we have yes
the word yes left middle left middle is
okay a why is the word middle erm no no
no first yes okay le ad bottom right
left right no left
okay next our D red yes right middle
right middle is you apostrophe re you
why oh you yes Oh Jason the Chad this is
what the hell is happening we're
defusing bombs here's here's how this
works if you're just tuning it right
sure yeah show them the manual yeah well
the screen that you are watching only
only one person is allowed to watch this
yeah Jack is watching it in this case he
can see the bomb and all of the
components on the bomb and he's in the
room with the bomb he needs to defuse
the bomb he needs me to help him defuse
the bomb yeah because I am the only one
who has and is allowed to look at the
bomb defusing manual which which has a
ton of different rules in it and so I
need to like describe the module to rich
and the bomb and he can't look at it so
we have to use teamwork it's insane
also Jay you might be confused as to why
you can see rich and I we're trying out
we're trying to have a face cam yeah
because before I thought oh you really
need for this game yeah because of how
frustrated we would be
each other yeah opposed you can see that
we're looking in different places yes
that's true that is true all right okay
no they're requesting that I have the
manual again
all right I think we're doing too well
the the chat requires some fail oh my oh
my god oh my god
Richard what's wrong with her proof room
okay okay okay okay
I am ready with the bum eye and I have
columns and rows all sorted out rich
I've never thought about it as columns
on a building before okay a hidden
message okay information to the obscures
and ways that are time-consuming to
decode in the world of bomb defusing
that's a bad thing
five minutes three modules three strikes
yeah when you enrich lanes all right he
disappears into the void okay I'm ready
I didn't I don't columns and rows is
hard to understand brain we don't need
those Simon Says Simon Says what I'm so
dead okay on the subject of Simon Says
blue is flashing does the serial number
contain a vowel yes
blue is flashing press red red okay blue
green wait no what blue and green are
flashing now so then how do you how did
you do it's the the blue is still going
to be red it just it just keeps going in
the same order it's been going oh ok so
then um red yellow red yellow yep blue
green red red yellow blue well good
ok alright I got three wires wires three
wires three wires what alarm clock what
oh Jesus Jesus three wires are there red
wires no no white blue black if there
are no red wires cut the second wire all
right great I got a Morse code fucking
thing here Morris : yeah Morris code is
a flat white okay the like I'm Hertz the
frequency thing under it okay okay yeah
I'm with you
what's that what's the frequency really
no it was at a daughter a - what I know
what's what I'm going to assume
dot dot dot dot dot thought that that is
H ok or dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
dot dot dot dot I don't know what the
signal will loop with a long gap in
between so try to find the gap and and
start with one then just you know tell
me dot dot or - and then I'll tell you
the frequency I can't tell the
difference in atop a - fucked how can
you not tell the difference we're gonna
dine and dash the language dot dot dot
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
trying times dot me all of my guts try
3.50 53.5050 I don't need to do nothin
here great you need to learn yourself
some Morse code
III lived I lived great good ok
something is different these wires look
different to you this is bomb look
exploded to you what something's
different
mm-hmm
okay I'm ready Simon Says first all
right I got three wires three wires red
wires
yes ones red to or blue ones red to are
blue if there is more than one blue wire
cut the last blue wire okay okay
Simon Says Simon Says okay we need a
serial number containing a vowel yes it
does have a Volvo 'ls okay what's
flashing blue blue so red blue red red
blue red blue all right
blue red yellow red blue green
blue red yellow blue red blue green red
blue red hold on hold on blue red yellow
blue yellow red blue green red green
good okay
all right we got lights just went out
okay well I just just went out I can't
see what I'm doing I need away from the
lights to come back on we got some new
wires set up though some new wires yeah
one one roses there's wires one side
connected to the other this column says
one two and three and then the right
side of the screen is ABC so we got okay
red wire from one connected to be two
connected to a three connected the bead
look at each a wire on the LED above and
the space for the sodium free tour led
I'm gonna use a Venn diagram below to
decide whether or not to cut the wise
strips each wire may be stripped with
multiple colors
what stripped what I have no idea
are you on the wrong wires do we need a
battery I didn't we need bad area
identification do we have double a's or
a d battery double a's the boys great to
learn wait so how many oh I don't I
don't know there's there's there's only
three wires they're going from the left
side of the screen to the right side of
the screen then okay highly different
okay name describe the first wire
there's a wire from the slot labeled one
going in to be going in it's a red wire
from good one in to be okay
the bomb has two or more batteries it
will two doublea's cut it no crap what's
the color of that wire the one that I
cut was red okay what's the next where
it's black wires from two going into a I
was looking at the right wires I should
probably not there was there was a
complicated wire section that looked
like the one I was looking for but
subjective shit
shit yeah on the subject of complicated
wires look at each wire there is an LED
above the wire and a space for a star
symbol below the one oh not at all for
each wire and the wrong wires but you're
on the wrong wires there's no LEDs
there's no stars
there's no LEDs and there's no hours no
motherfucker I got one minute how many
wires you have there's this three okay
what if there are no red wires no there
wasn't red one I don't think this is the
old wires jack this is a new complicated
wire I don't have that wire fuck it by
Rama I'm hitting buttons no I don't have
that where diary Emma oh my god oh my
god I did what I had to do and I almost
made it back let me show you my so we
have the old wires yeah and then the
only other wire thing we have no wire
see that's the other wire thing we have
I don't see any other wire thing
disturbing we got a one two three ABC
where was that that is in the next page
that was that was on a nice page Jack I
almost did it on my own just guessing I
almost did it
gosh darn it Fleur bit her Fleur bit