Episode 408
Steam Controller unboxing with newbs (Part 2)
November 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kusvfkD_k1s
___________________________________________

not not bad just not as good as GLaDOS
is the who is the morals you think he
came Johnson is better than GLaDOS he's
damn fine I agrees damn fine just not as
good as Gladys it's me the whole JK
Simmons stick you got a hold
whoa explosions that way oh okay don't
go that way
don't go that way
oh boy I wonder if
oh you
little behind-the-scenes action there a
disk to disk over here
disk
need to find a disc rich
hold for countdown
look what this LP I have no idea left
pad is what I would assume that means
yeah hey didn't bother hey Oh like if we
were to count down together so like 3 2
1 so there's like a countdown option no
but apparently oh oh oh oh it did do
something it opened up a thing did it
open but now I think we need to like hit
it and then look over there and someone
needs to shoot a portal over there okay
ready no you say it this way - and one
of us needs to be fast enough three two
one
oh I'm fast enough oh good because I
lost my portal because I went to
everything ready yeah
three two oh did you get it yeah Oh City
I have to see I got it I got it I got it
luckily you don't feel pain at any rate
you don't have a way to communicate that
you feel pain I consider that killing
what did you say fulfilling fulfilling
yeah so yeah that was the first thing we
did it courses yay
there
oh that got me someplace very
interesting fall into that spot for you
to sit to you don't fall in that portal
that's right yeah oh whoa shibam Zhi Shi
biome skadoodle chef chef
I know
I know they asked for sea otters
I don't think I'm supposed to go in
there
I went back to the homeboy
bitch what well it's not my fault
become taking get me no no oh I'm not
sucking all right I'm coming Jimmy
yeah by the way don't go in the exit -
oh really it makes me it makes me exit
that area Wow what'd they do to make you
exit the area and dumbfounded Jack
dumb-founded
great dot dot the exit sector level then
proceed to the disassembly chambers oh
hey Ron I'm at the beginning okay here
we go
yeah you know what I don't understand
why everyone is so fucking excited about
the Star Wars poster its poster it's
supposed to fuck oppose learning movies
get the fuck over it huh stop
masturbating over Star Wars have some
some moderate amount of human dignity oh
my god do you see the poster it features
characters that we already knew her in
the movie in the movie it looks nice
stylistically it's similar to the other
ones says the guy who masturbates with
Star Wars yes because that was real that
was the joke as if that wasn't very on
you
there
okay I'm gonna open up the path for you
here comes I'm across okay I'm gonna
step on a button here because there's a
button here and I'm gonna fail the step
oh wait I gotta shove something in there
I need a cube
can we give me a cube where's their
Cuban music you yeah thing here I have a
cube we need to get over here step on
the button so whack me get out of here
back to you oh wait I think I know what
to do I think I know I'm gonna throw
something through that hole somehow yeah
I think I got this here this here drop a
new one
together area
all right this is a fun game that's
thinking with portals yay what word Oh
Sartain sorry I was thinking with
portals I wasn't thinking about walkways
yeah you know like I saw I saw that
today on the internet it's just like
everyone is abuzz over the Star Wars
poster right that's fine and it's it's
it's a poster it's a nice poster yeah no
no no just rolled immediately out of
everything here comes a new one all
right it's just like yeah it looks it
looks fun the it looks like the black
guy has a lightsaber so he's a Jedi
maybe I don't know maybe he's just
holding a lightsaber I don't know is
kylo Ren the daughter of Han and Leia
you know I thought kylo Ren was the guy
with that red lightsaber
I thought kylo was the lady I
see see chat work you and me we're in
different spots regarding this movie you
know uh it'll come out and I'll probably
go see it yeah yeah and then I'll have
an opinion on it until it comes out yeah
okay I don't know but I've got the thing
in the thing which seems like it needs
it's the thing where it needs to be wait
is there so waiting Italy Oh Collins the
red lightsaber guy who's the lady in it
is the lady in it the daughter of Han
and Leia is that she's the daughter of
Luke and Lando the story is taking a
whole new twist that's funny is there
anything else to do on your side I have
one more wall that I can get through
like over here
I don't know what else I have robots
that will kill me only thing I ever hear
that I can interact with this is that
thing to put a cube in rush maybe we're
doing early I don't know and then some
door that looks like it opens oh wait
wait wait I know I know
all right laser no there's a portal
under the laser I didn't know I wasn't
paying attention
oh now you need to pick up your cube
again and laser my gun yeah yeah okay
can you jump over that
I wasn't paying attention
yes that day that is my motto is I'm not
paying attention so wait what is her
name
ray is the girl nobody knows yet if
she's related to anyone okay
like I guess I am now you can get
through okay I I'm going on from the
assumption that lay is is no fucking box
let's take care of the box for yourself
and coming at you
how you change where your portals are
bridge yeah so I guess that was the
assumption I was going off of so seeing
her without a lightsaber on the on the
cover I guess was that wasn't didn't I
and this is this is my same advice that
I gave regarding the battlefront early
our beta testing right open beta testing
which is don't do their marketing for
them that's all you're doing is you're
just doing you they're excited about a
thing they love I get it I get it all
right know what
oh I think I just need to be by the
camera oh okay okay
oh my god oh I like to be free
I like these chambers where we have to
like do stuff on our own side that's me
okay what we got here yeah I got a thing
that falls here I have a sphere Oh which
I think I can shoot over to you I'm
ready for it
your body is ready I think a piece and
that thing people say the people say
that yeah all right there you go one
sphere
I got a sphere
I don't know what I can do with this
fear but I got it
you might need to bring it on the other
side and shoot it back to me for
something for some sinister purpose I'm
not sure what that purpose would be yet
I don't think I can shoot it back to you
oh yeah I'll be quite honest
I don't believe I have a way to shoot it
nope no no no okay oh wait
I could shoot about I need to shoot it
back to you I don't know I'm assuming
that's what they're getting at but I
don't know because I think I know oh
yeah now do it
and I think I'll shoot it back to you
well on the other side on this side can
you get over here where this is no you
can't
no no I'm stuck all right now you know
you got a sealing portal thing over
there you see that that probably does
something okay I'm over here so we need
to figure out where to proceed from here
okay so we know we can get a ball I
think we need to get the ball over here
and then I see see those those the ball
come out over here it's probably got a
little Sun over there probably but I
don't know my yeah where do I need to
get the ball where do we need to get the
ball to oh you've got it all the way
over here you've got a thing
right there okay so we gotta get the
ball there what do you need to get the
ball there oh and I have a thing where
all my portals will be destroyed if I go
through them that's okay might be fine
for now here's what we do
can't even shoot well okay we're can you
get the boars that further sheep get the
ball let's figure this out so the ball
lands here the ball lands here mm-hmm
and that comes out I've never get it to
come out anyway let's just get you the
ball okay for now all right I'm ready to
get the ball I'm ready to get the ball
all right
nope
that's not gonna work what's wrong I
know your angle oh yeah now I'm stuck
over here hola
now I can't get back over there where I
could have gotten the ball get back over
there I can't shake go through there no
no no I mean go through the emancipation
bread this'll kill my portals we can put
her back in the other side so I can get
over there yeah that's not gonna help us
right now
yeah no just die you'll respond okay
you're either enjoying it more than they
do
we are just incredibly dim-witted right
now instead of having you come out by
you have it come out by that hole in the
ceiling no if it comes out over there it
goes into the water so but if it comes
out over here I can catch it
oh and then you can walk through with it
yeah yeah okay all right you ready ready
here we go here we go here we go oh
that's catch thank you okay so now
oh my god now I have it over here don't
walk through IO then then this won't
work at all so I think what needs to
happen okay so here at least over there
and then we need to figure this out no
no that's not gonna help here's what
needs to happen yeah you're gonna hit it
through here yeah then I'm gonna make it
come out over here okay in which case
it'll go in over there and then out over
there again and land oh my god and I'll
catch it over here so I need to run
basically I need to real quick run
through this input there and an exit
there all right oh fuck this yeah you
can do this so here and here
hi I'm ready for my first one okay we
got this we got this we got this
I did that too fast
it's definitely it takes me to use to
barely oh oh oh I was so close rich I
was so close
like I just missed it by a second yeah
do it again we gotta do it again I
missed it by one second rich I was right
there the steam controller I'm gonna
blame this team controller right ready
you set up I'm set up I'm ready and set
up
like boom and boom nice yeah here it is
it is what tag-teams back again Rex and
effects in full effects what
everything's fine
okay what I'm just reading the jet the
apparently rocket League has some
Halloween items you can unlock all day
for a few days oh I guess I'll be
playing what's the ultimate prereq
challenge can they do it I'm taking bets
$5.00 anyone wait what's this oh whoa
what you do
I almost got it
taking bets our ability to do what
though I don't know
so update on the controller I mean we're
still getting used to it a lot of
getting used to here's what I can tell
you the it feels a lot better in Portal
than in tf2 only because you can act in
Portal you can actually kind of take
your time and do things to you know get
your aim right but even in tf2 it's not
I'm having a couple issues with it where
like I'm just trying to find the right
way to hold it you know that's that's
kind of a big thing where do we need to
be that's a great question
oh here's a near the box I found a box
rich I'll get you a portal on a laser
some shit I'm gonna laser some shit you
get up there with that box so what's
right figure it out figure it out okay I
can laser over here I'll tell you what
end
yeah I got a laser well that's very good
jack
but I have to hold it look okay so I can
I can laser this wall nope nope nope
nope why can't you wait what happened
you're gonna go into the laser turn into
the spin I don't know what we're trying
to do yet so I can do this and now
you're yellow portal lasers that stuff
is there anything up here up there look
at my eyeball is there anything up there
get in there all we need to get the
laser here let's across from there all
right
there's something Oh that opened up the
window so we need a blue thing can Union
you need to put that down and shoot some
blues okay there and yeah you see it
okay coming through right
you might shoot me with a laser so hold
off
is it open yeah all good all good okay
you're through okay now what
that's a great question I didn't it
ain't it just though Oh interesting
you probably need that window open I'm
gonna I'm gonna go ahead and assume that
where do we need this this blue thing to
go this blue wall does light you can
stop by that or does it bounce off of
that the light is not going through that
I don't know if about it maybe it
bounces so maybe if you have the blue
thing come out of well I got a grid
that's gonna erase my portals so no I
think that's a window oh no I know
remember I can get rid of that grid you
can get rid of this grid here if you get
rid of your portal can you remove your
portal from in there no well yeah yeah
oh no you can't I can't get rid of the
grid cuz you got rid of your portal out
here oh no no wait I can do you know
what I'm talking about this thing where
you walk through it it erases your
portals yeah we need to get rid of that
yeah that's we can get rid of that oh
yeah how that's how you got in there in
the first place I just went through it
and turned off I do know there oh all
right leave it up mister no my god what
oh my god the controller blamed the
controller all right now what are we
doing with this fucking blue ball I mean
oh I have literally no idea all right
well
we got a blue wall boy oh oh I don't
know laser thing oh okay
get rid of your blue wall over there and
uh hold on let me do that let me do that
put you down
oh I think oh wait that does a little
better yeah
so the do I sign a good because we both
need to be there yeah I think it's one
of us where we need to go
what I'm afraid to lose that blue wall
so I'm gonna ask you to walk through
here and tell me what's through here
what's where we came from that's how I
came from are we sure pretty sure okay
what I think what we need to do here so
where do you need to go you need to be
up here with me
here's here's my here's my theory yeah I
think that we need to set up this cube
on the this path and get get it so weird
like falls down what what actually fire
the laser fire and laser let me go up is
there a portal up here I could shoot for
you got a bit too easy that would be way
too easy and then we wouldn't be and
then we wouldn't use the blue thing
that's just the end this is the end this
is the end my friend find out I think it
has something to do with this stream
where's the other elevator what other
elevator unless we both have to go in
the same one we do look at this see oh I
see I didn't make sense see that so my
thought is what if we oh here we go here
we go so set up your other set up your
other blue thing to come out there
okay or you know yeah so now check this
out yeah check it yeah before we were
getting ready to record here and then we
put the we put the box
I got what your sin if I understand I
feel like you feel me Jack I can't
believe you're solving a puzzle I got
this
that's kind of amazing right look at
this guy look at this guy maybe you
don't know this about me but I'm like
the puzzle Oh Oh close ah okay
son is he over a little bit more yeah I
like the puzzle King Orange
I'm like super famous I'm waiting for
I'm waiting for this epic epicness to
epic it better be epic it's gonna be
totally fucking epic the only problem is
and then we got to get the laser to fire
over here that's gonna be a tough part
oh oh we have to be on it as soon as you
let it go we need it we need it to fire
that way though that's what we need
oh great well then but it's just too
late you we we missed our opportunity
okay basically you're gonna have to book
it once you let that thing go yeah Ron
Jack Ron the Run button
there's no run button button
okay damn fine work yeah I'm super great
with puzzles if we still cared about
solving things in the future but we
don't
No why are you the tall one right you
the shirt winner my my the tall one by
all rights I should be the short round
one right right opposite day
I'm the photo King couldn't figure out
how the station
listen I've played portal before I know
how these puzzles work was my first time
playing dead space so maybe you could
back the fuck off haven't even you shit
about dead space huh
well you know it's like this is a game
that I've played and yeah dead space it
was the first time I was playing whoo
gnarly I'm sorry what no you go over
there I'll be gnarly dude
I have a cube we we need a cube over
here we need support
yeah there but I can't get me this grid
and shoot more can you open this door
what are that
it's a blue line going to it from over
there get over there that's gonna do
that not a lot over he's what's up there
look up not bad you know they're either
you have to fling yourself through that
to get up there so shoot a portal there
well you're gonna need momentum from
that thing that shoots your craft the
roots your somewhere you can land here
I could meet up spend some time
exploring your surroundings what I need
to set up some portals in advance is
that what needs to happen
yes let's figure this shit out right
were you at
give me an eye thing so I'm in here
there's a thing that will that will
launch you into that in you know into
another white wall that will destroy all
your portals right that's why I need to
set up one in advance what I did not
know that you're right yeah yeah I'm
just I'm looking around
hmm so I need to shoot one there eyeball
it for me how can I walk out then we
need you to fall on top of on top of
which to get you over I'm shit where is
that original blue switch oh it's not
you have to go to the other side
oh my god I can't believe you did that
but now you can't get over ah yes yes
why don't you figure it out I think I'm
figuring it out
okay this is all on you I need to get a
portal with here for you and over there
so I need to get a oh my god you need to
set up some portals for me yeah
in advance okay hold on put one right
with that orange one is this one yeah
okay and then one like over here one
pull it over there too yep yep oh I
wrote yours I meant to go next to I just
leave it for now okay okay now set up
for me to get over for that
all right now you get in the room and
you can fling yourself through to get up
there like I have nothing to fling me
over there
you know what I'm saying
wasn't our booster you see that all
right you see that you need to get I'm
kind of off that that portal thing right
there you need to fly out of there right
but there's nothing there's nothing to
like what oh shit but but there is
something over here oh you're gonna have
to do a complicated fall and shoot yeah
but there's nothing to fall on yeah go
down go down just trust me go down mhm
when you walk through there you need to
shoot and fall in there yeah but that'll
just make me come out this bar oh but
you need to fly can you land on that by
running out of here yeah yeah run out of
there just just trust me right away this
is a blue one which one am i you need to
shoot on that thing while you're falling
with blue or purple I'll wait no yeah
yeah yeah that's not gonna work
what I mean what we need is read
somewhere to fall and there isn't here
how like it like I said here check out
behind this dealing boat is it behind
this dealy-bob there is something
there's like oh can you jump down there
no but that's like where we need to go
oh oh oh' duh
okay blue okay so this is purple so I
need to shoot with blue oh yeah
no wait
now
you know what are you trapped no I can
get out I say not really knowing
I can get out should hold to that game
yeah
sensitivity I messed up I messed up
which one I had to shoot you know oh
it's because I'm not pressing every
button I get it
okay okay so what do I need to do here I
need to okay so if this if this one is
light blue if you shoot dark blue and
when she's lied through the light blue
so you need to shoot dark blue yes
you'd have to be again you have to be
through before you you have to do it
while you're falling it's sucking me oh
oh okay oh okay okay so I need to shoot
dark blue yeah
yes all right now there's a button now
there's a button I need to go where I
need to go which I remember where the
fuck that was it okay oh it opened up it
opened up a thingy jack equals think
sometimes portal gets me to think right
now
so what that button did was open up this
this ramp that'll shoot it do you need
to hold that button or no no the buttons
actually gone I don't even need to be
alright
good cuz we need to work together to set
up more more dated more Dingles oh wait
we are sciencing the shit out of this
game absolutely to get in here so
something so we can fly that through the
hole where does it need to go eventually
Oh over here oh so you need to fly it oh
oh now that's hey I think I got it all
the way yeah yeah
I forgot maybe I don't have it all on my
own I don't have it all in my own that
flies us through there so that gets you
to fly and I hit that wall into the
nothingness I don't think that helps
actually you don't want to fly into the
nothing we're gonna get this do I need
to go off of this ramp and catch it you
just throw the thing and then I and then
I catch it like as you throw it like
just sended the brick through it again
maybe give it a try if you think you can
do something with this maybe I can catch
it just tell me when you're dropping it
all right I'm 3 2 1 oh that might be it
that might be it I'm coming back I was a
little too fast
I'm on on go ok 3 2 1 go yep you know
you said on go and I went on one okay
I'm go yep 3 2 1 go
did you get that fucking sweet fuck yeah
I got fucking sweet navigated all of the
exhibits intended metaphors in record
time I'm marking this art yeah you need
to you need to jump over
we all right yeah teamwork
puzzle-solving shit right there's fuckin
teamwork still one more that will try a
different genre yeah that's a good
that's a good move along how was it that
they were right next to each other in
the same room and still get the timing
wrong because we're magic that's why
we're magic okay
yeah well have we have Josh on again we
had Josh recently more recently than the
n64 stream to just come in and chat and
talk about music and stuff
josh is uh josh is a busy man and we
will definitely get him here whenever we
can
what is the blue stuff - I think speed
first blue the bounce
I think blues the bombs gonna be the
bounce so we need to wait what yeah
nice oh wait wait I can we can do this
where do we need it wait so then no I
got to do this yeah it's about that so
you want to bounce up all these walls
well there's not many spots we can get
bounce yeah you can get bounce on all of
it oh you just mean like like put your
portal over here over here hey which
side yeah cuz this side doesn't have a
wall oh I didn't notice that get it
together
up and yours
can you get over that that work
Xzibit I was working with a dead motif
but I see you figured that out you were
working with a death motif I get it
okay we definitely need to cover all
that and blue stuff and then we need to
use the thing somehow
oh wait wait can you uh yeah I got an
idea rich can you cover the blue thing
like if you put your portal up here can
you cover the blue thing in the goop oh
yeah oh there you go so get it bounce
back and forth we got a bounce back go
for that same sense
that seems legitimately insane a king
king crag the steam controller so far is
you know it's gonna take some getting
used to it feels nice it has aimed
potential it say it'll take a long time
before like you get all your settings
right and everything down but there is
potential
it's ready I jumped I jumped I did too
it just didn't work
oh I'm using having the the grip and the
trigger is confusing me sometimes I hit
the the good grip when I mean they hit
the trigger and sometimes vice versa the
grip is your trigger no I my brain wants
to when I when I go to hit the trigger
yeah my brain sometimes hits the grip
and vice yeah yeah that that happened
that has happened to me often by the way
it's all good you don't need to worry
about it I want there's an undo B
section there that's dangerous
we're gonna watch rich
are you barely did it great did you just
bow uh it said to prevent bouncing hey
you just got here J is holding his
controller hi can't be very good for his
posture I don't know this is just kind
of weird right like did they call you J
they call me Jane I think that was a
joke on purpose I'm doing that for a
couple reasons never underestimate the
power of stupidity one is like if you
see how rich is holding isn't like if I
did this basically it would just like it
would look like two guys masturbating
while watching footage oh my god right
that's and so like that's one reason is
I just want you guys to know that we are
playing with the steam controller and
you know this looks like now
it looks like we're being held prisoner
while watching footage of we're victims
of Isis this man is gonna come in here
and behead us live on stream right so
that's one reason why I'm doing into it
you know this is kind of normally where
it is just kind of up all right we've
got some bounce and we got some red
which I believe is speed I think I'm
doing you the wrong woman in the wrong
spot oh yes I am I think this might make
more sense wait what are you doing
it's gonna come
maybe not what is Orange - orange I
think it's the slick speed this is a
great so I can't get this
oh we got bounce - yeah hey
can you alright there's a lot of good
wait there is a lot I can do hold on
yeah now we're just kind of looking
silly just holding up yeah hold up there
now all right did something no hey you
got over there
what do that what did that switch to all
right get off of it
so we need to get up there that that
opens up look over there yeah that's a
switch
okay all right oh we need there's a box
up there I'm sure that box needs to end
up on that switch in order for us both
to get over here so we got bouncy goop
and we got slippy goop
Oh slippy knew maybe up here like this
here's this right we can drop yeah I
check this out it's like slippy goop
onto this platform and then you'll slip
into this which will lead you you know
anywhere you want to go well it takes us
out by the blue thing little fly us up
oh yeah
all right I got it you got it all right
you know this walkway here with the red
slippy goop yep
forward through that hole which comes
out here which means you'll go straight
up yeah and then we need blue bounce
over to there or you will land on the
platform I will be standing on the
button
no but the platform doesn't go over
there if you're once you once you run
straight right whoa with the speed goop
yeah you go through that hole right that
hole no it doesn't take you all the way
well we need to get more red goop on
here you can't weaken right there you're
gonna need to shoot it though there's my
blue things oh it's a red group the fuck
out of that
I
can you jump does that help does that
happen no no no you just kind of go
straight up but I wonder if I could uh
you can probably oh you have to shut off
the portal I know I know what I can do
I know what I can do I got this No
these over here for
I don't know anything yet oh wait can I
can you maybe the answers may be rich
use the goop to go through the hole
through the hole yeah all right no why
don't you try that now okay I'm here
what's happening you what did I was kind
of on that one Oh all right we need to
regroup we need to we tree red goop this
reread ghupat on it
Grubin it right now you're gonna run
through that hole okay
and when I get on the other side of this
hole what's gonna happen I'm gonna
switch the blue things see you land on a
blue path platform okay
all right you just have to run through
that hole really fast okay ready yeah oh
I did the too soon and you got blocked
is that what happened yeah that's what
happened
oh no you're right oh you went down I
had that worked either way now what can
we do from here we can do some more
bouncy goop I I think we're thinking
about this run there's no reason I had
to go through that fast in order for
that to work I guess I don't know so I
got bouncing goop
but like I'm on this blue ledge so I can
go to the bouncy or I can go back in the
original I guess but then I'm not here
to shoot the hit the button right no god
damn it
Liberty make jibs flibberty Mick Jim's
here send me over to the bouncy there I
get rid of the blue thing rid of my
things
hi all right we need to figure out what
to do now we got a bouncy walk yeah okay
we first thing we need to do is get up
there too
to get the we need to get that cube to
the revealing oh there's a cube yeah I
forgotten all about it
where's the Hulme up there hey you cube
up there yeah all right we need to make
this blue bouncy okay
it's bouncy bounce it up
that ain't it
nope weights rebooting need some bread
add some glue we need some bread to get
me to the blue fast ah I got it I'm on
it I'm on it rich I need I need your
portals to I get the word out back hold
on
Bridge welcome back thank you okay
so I'll read it up so we go read read
through yeah read through here and then
blue near the tail end all right no no
not that one I know everything right
yeah
I'll redo the read that's you know what
that is my bad
this is okay now we got the blue no it's
not you got to do the blue glass just
just coming out of out of there yeah I
was Miss messing up the ordering okay
there we go
nice nice rich nicely done alright is
there safe way to get this over I just
have to fall okay so now those things
are up that's great that's great so we
got that going for us which is nice
is there anywhere we can fall and get
momentum yes sir Wow geez what we need
to do you uh you need to make the path
pass to go there the paths agos there or
my portal is yeah oh sorry yeah yeah I
guess we need to get over there hold on
I can get is over
okay
not quite I lost me here yeah snack
quite high up not quite high enough yeah
we both died yeah I don't feel so bad
okay okay
okay
okay let's think about this for a second
what's their problem the blue isn't
getting us high enough right oh wait I
got it
we need to get red on there what happens
if you put the the your your dark red
portal through here nothing good or
nothing here I I think I have an idea
okay can you put some you're gonna do do
it because my portals need to hold the
bridge shop right put some red there
right we accelerate along here then jump
on it's blue and then bounce that and
the momentum will take us up there I
don't think I can put right there you
put put your portal here and then the
red coupe red goop come out and red
group the red gloop this slide oh I
guess yeah I get it yeah I get a new
pair red goop here yes
and then though we bounce off there and
off of there yeah and then go oh oh
that's D no no no now get us over there
with your portal under mine mine can't
move okay current you're gonna try this
first
bam bam fuckin work all right great
let's change up the games a little bit
let's see what else yeah controller can
do
gah please play something else
we are wow this game makes for a boring
stream does that help
does that help does that help why is it
louder over sometimes than others why
does it go back let's shift into a down
gear there is and I did I guess it
doesn't matter cuz we're leaving the
game now but there is a let me go into
the options here there is a haptic
feedback button are there usually is we
can like turn your haptic feedback face
