Episode 413
We take to the Organ Trail (Part 2)
November 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLxq71b2Ba0
___________________________________________

you plow through a military blockade no
what do I think of using music to
communicate with aliens I'm our close
encounter we have no idea that aliens
will even be able to appreciate music
the brains might not be wired that way
the concept might be just completely
weird to them might just be noise --is
if they even have ears if they even have
ears all right station wagons broken
down great we have seven scrap so all we
can do is use for I mean it doesn't have
to be like near the wrench
alright alright
I mean yeah go ahead used to hey nice
only for food left
damage go to party
I should probably rest yeah we should
probably rest rest for a good while yeah
let's take let's take a full night I
think that might eat up our food but
people need all the help I can get
oh no we are out of food okay - oh wait
go fish if we can catch a fish that
gives us food that rests and give us
okay okay
that's a big fuckin fish it out of there
if you press it again does it come up
right now yeah dude a bunch there you go
all right well now you understand it I
think you can do it a bunch ok do it
again
what's the worst scavenging what my
little fish we have no food fish gives
us many small amount of food I don't
know what the numbers is like dude I
don't know why the bobber sinks that's
you know it's maybe this is all surface
area oh that could be you don't know I
get one damn big fishes
do it oh it's there
what
all right go scavenge I'm trying I'm
trying to let you know I'm trying to do
it naturally scavenging is less risky we
get fish people eat the little fish it's
great it's fucking great rich can
do-do-do-do-do oh my god
nope no ten ounces of food yeah Peter
there you go now I got some food
oh there you go now we got some food
no use the fence nice nice oh you're
only there came back 215 hey we got food
oh yes all right now what do you want to
party now take a rest
come on four hours well actually really
got one hours that's it our rest okay
for coz resting will take up food right
we go from 250 to 240 yeah mine
everybody heal up a little bit let's go
like I know that let's go another two
hours yeah just get everybody up there
we could kill somebody to save food I
know we might want to use him med cadets
back spore he's he's pretty looking
pretty rough sauce I know and if we're
gonna go out hunting again do it great
all right let's get out of here let's do
it we can't kill off specs for leftover
beef cake he's us I know he was dead
away tires broken you don't have the
supplies to this place oh yeah Wow we're
in Chicago it's fine
Chicago's like the city of tigers man
they got holster they got nothing but
look at there's a tighter just hanging
right there what's the order don't worry
look tires everywhere you know we don't
gotten Marni $37 we don't got money and
there's no trade option yeah okay yeah
see if someone wants to trade with us
one of their tires for five of your fuel
we don't have it
thirty-eight of your food for one of the
tire yes there you go okay yeah I see if
they have any jobs $5.00
get out of town dangerous no no not for
five bucks and we just we don't have any
money maybe
go to party okay can we not scavenge in
the town all right well we can't steal
anything in the town with your salad
though we need a theft option
hey let's leave let's keep on keeping on
him all right yeah it's remote Shack
like supplies faster bullets action hero
which we already know is crap and white
supplies at the church
then probably don't go to the radiation
warning let's go to the remote Shack and
bark great business yes always look you
see the remains of another party before
you would you like to stop and look yes
ok danky juicy messed with quack never
came back
boom right stopping his is not doing
this very well we don't have any scrap
do we miss ravaged yeah stop oh you
scare off the bandits siphoning your gas
tank great station wagon is broke down
what scrap oh yeah we I don't think we
have any scrap do we go to our supply
one one one yeah alright scavenge
scavenge I think we might have another
wrong screen for scavenging on the town
it might actually be an option we'll
start next time okay
money
we don't need money nice every bullet
counts coral using knife when you kin
wonder when that yo-yo is gonna come
into play oh that might be scrap you
don't think we got it you know we got a
yo-yo
choral teachers bottom of the screen
hey intense crap
nice nice that's what we needed
watch your sister coral watch little I
don't know what her name is
sure
hmm time passes by used to we're gonna
help we have 300 you it's like a man go
fishing all right yeah go fish man Go
Fish
would you like to fish drag huh you know
I'm fun on fish it's easier it's a
little fish that's great
confusion again it's it's also resting
people it's also giving people health
yeah yeah we don't want those little
ones
now do it
have a zombie so anything that fishing
might not be all worth it oh really I
don't think you just catch a nun I'm
starting to just catch on that I don't
think fishing is really worth the effort
seems so far we've only caught zombie
parts alright let's get movin ok where
are we going doing in the old shack
military blockade Jesus
well oh we have the cowcatcher now so
maybe it doesn't do as much damage
manages to grasp and bite xeno drunk oh
no I'm so sorry Xena trope you know what
we're gonna have to do we're gonna have
to kill you still in the chat could be
party you've done nothing but contract
cholera I'm glad to get rid of your dead
weight z no trouble at least make it
quick rich no no I in the head Madame
rich don't play with him what it's fine
don't play with him a clean head shot is
what we needed there oh no cholera boy
yep
ba z no trope action check out that town
see ya see ya what's in this shop okay I
feel Scott I got a little bit everything
that's great well yeah we have no money
but you know it's nice just nice to know
him what our what our options are let's
see what had jobs again yeah
great let's do it let's do it he's
wearing a hoodie get him right Batman
voice he was wearing a hoodie he also
was a cholera stricken zombie bitten
motherfucker get out of town
get out of town
oh there's the crying one that you have
to like look at to stop Oh God that
crying one is scary and okay make every
shot count
Jesus banded Christ nice oh my god rich
your timing impeccable and oh don't you
pixel headshots oh that's close
you got this rich we need that $48 boom
there you go there you go it's okay you
can get these bandits
maybe nice nice
to left to left one shot one kill
absolutely
nice technically speaking that was one
shot one kill
so yeah you had other shots that weren't
kill $48 take that yep fuckin crying
zombie right if you look at them they
don't chase you oh but wait as soon as
you turn away they run at you fast oh I
hate them yes yes you should we have
fuel needs and we have scrap needs get
out of here and take it let's take a
look just take a quick look at our
supplies all right we have very big fuel
needs and our car is on the last legs oh
we also have very real food needs shit
and ammos and no tires concentrate on
fuel
much fuel can we get anything stai
four-on-four yeah get it don't get any
scrap yeah I get one all right now I go
scavenge done go scab again we'll go
fishing now I'm now we're not gonna go
fishing there's the thing that's like
food or fuel maybe that might be fuel
he's got this
rich you heartless bastard we're
survivors coral these people they're not
strong enough we're gonna take it nice
nice nice we kind of got Stu what's
going on we got keys to give away now
might be a good time to give away the
developer of this game got wind that we
were playing it the developer of this
game got wind that we were playing it
tonight and gave me some some keys to
give out and I thought that would be a
nice thing to do because rich and I
already both own the games down wrong
what are you doing man we're carrying
these people starts making a really
annoying noise oh he's so dying
that's how various this program died
first okay so we have a steam oh it's
not funny oh yeah okay don't kill me
it's on the table stop making that noise
these three no7 if you keep making that
noise we will kill you we have a steam
version and a ps4 version so we have to
to get away
ooh nice food drop nice
nice rich
I'm surrounded I got a fast one oh nice
yeah food yeah we have a med pack what's
your party look like yeah great okay I'm
trying to think of a way to give away
what was that website you said I should
go to forgive away stuff again back on
our feet
trivia question I like trivia question I
like that the road is impassable finding
a way around takes an hour right okay
hold on I'm thinking of a piece of
trivia I have to look this up to make
sure I get the right answer son of a
bitch
son of a bitch
mmm let's see here
oh I know I know hold on I got this I
know something
I have a great trivia question
okay ready is everybody ready no wait
I'm not ready to chasten already here is
the question who was originally cast as
Marty McFly in Back to the Future who
was cast originally as Marty McFly for
Back to the Future go
boom future future Jay gets Eric Stults
as a fun back to the future trivia what
are we dying for or what are we what are
dying out yeah
and starvation eventually future future
Jay you don't have any tires maybe you
want sometimes future future Jay which
would you prefer the ps4 version or the
Steam version and then we'll give away
the the next one I'll find another
trivia question yeah we have to steam
please ok ok future future Jay give me
one second I will send you over that key
future future J did you do it well nappy
little nap nap I think that's good mom
nap nap all right oh I'm sending a
message to future future J steam organ
trail key let me just say it out loud as
I type it yeah that's right
b3 no7 trades 50 food for something
useless
I'm so sorry b3 no7 you're gonna have to
die now is b3 807 in the chat
you're you're just gonna have to die I'm
waiting I'm waiting to see if he is
still a Chad yes and and he's saying
what what you picked up a yo-yo earlier
yeah I didn't kill a little kid and I
got a yo-yo for it you gave away 50 of
our food I got this he's making annoying
noises and getting rid of our food do
you think just threatening like that him
like this is enough what should we make
him do what challenge
should we put forth Jack what challenge
I don't understand 30 seconds to answer
some trivia question oh he says I regret
nothing he's given away for giving up
he's given up just murder him do it
murder no shot
ah that cleared up some breathing room
in the old station wagon there oh we're
broken down again no and right your mic
is an aim towards your mouth hole again
let's see yeah just make sure the steam
key is right for your future future Jay
okay okay so now we gave away the steam
version so this is ApS this one is for a
ps4 version of Oregon Trail a key for a
ps4 version of Oregon Trail so obviously
you should have a ps4 if you would like
to enough to get can lose that that's
crap man I'm sorry okay so here we have
a ps4 version of Oregon Trail and let's
see what's the what's the next trivia
question they made scavenging a lot
harder yeah yeah oh
nice gotta shoot those before they
become an issue
Jack sticks I like that there's no way a
ps4 could run this game you have to turn
down the graphical settings a little bit
in order to run it on your ps4 yeah yeah
see I before they did some major updates
like last time we stream this yeah it
wasn't that shape yeah I got there
pretty easily just by scavenging
frequently oh sure that's why you want
him to start on suicide because you
thought it might be a little too easy
that's fun
sure sure we need that we need that
another trivia question I got nothing
I'm in the middle of car fixing Jack
rich has nothing nothing give me give me
one minute here I got nothing I got
nothing
so all I'm gonna say here is obviously
you need a ps4 only people with ps4 is
answer this question the question is oh
oh okay hold on I know Iberia's ferret
got mauled by a wild dog really yep
attack our car and leave a mark
no no whoa which means a car is not
broken that day then again again
that's that's not a situation like hi
right trade
okay I know exactly the trivia question
I'm gonna ask you guys I just need to uh
I just need to make sure I'm correct in
knowing the answer
okay is everybody ready for this super
oh the see the steam key didn't work I
might have mistyped at future future J
I'll get back to you okay so how the ps4
version of organ trail here is the cut
here is the question what toy is rich
playing with in the red letter media
reacts to the Star Wars trailer video
what is the name whose action figure is
rich playing with the recent one in the
in the most recent Star Wars reaction
video go
I don't have a ps4 acaba
all right hold on I said I see I think
someone's got it who got it first
it looks like animist Prime got that one
first
animists Prime the captain phasma it was
Captain phasma
so animist Prime I'm gonna send you a
ps4 ki-44 organ trail and double-check
that I gave the right one over to future
future Jaden
give me one second here I'm sorry rich
I'm sorry that things are happening to
you
sorry we're gonna die yay
why isn't anybody trade scrap yep future
future ji definitely typed that wrong
many many apologies many many apologies
one second I don't want a fucking
muffler
alright animus prime I will be sending
you now a I will be sending you now a
ps4 key for Oregon Trail hopefully I get
it right this time
IKEA for organ trail
great thank you oh great I'm glad future
PJ III mistyped one letter Oh somebody
want some of my scrap that's you even
have any no oh god that's funny
alright and there you go animus Prime
thanks for watching hopefully you enjoy
some organ trail I know we do
okay yes I know Jojo this layer I can
use copy paste but I have the text on my
phone and I'm sending the message
through my through my computer so I
could it was just you know it's fine
everything's fine
I don't know about scrap great great
great
I hope it's crap to origin I do I do
favorite scene from the Back to the
Future trilogy one special one just
think of a moment in the Back to the
Future trilogy that you really enjoyed I
I liked a lot of a lot of the weird
future stuff in Back to the Future - you
know like um who was it that was like
floating upside down because they heard
their back was that George yeah I
thought that was hilarious
I remember thinking about exactly how
could they have known rich if once we
get to floating upside down technology
your back is gonna be fine
yeah fake Crispin Glover that's right
that was fake Crispin Glover
you know what I don't think there is a
worse back because you like Back to the
Future 3 is obviously weird and it's you
know it's just them like farting around
and making a Western but I still think
it's enjoyable I think it's you know
even back I think even Back to the
Future 2 is weird
listen the best back to the future is
back to the future everyone knows that
part 2 is a little confusing a little
convoluted oh my god you need a med kit
do not have Medicaid
and back to the future is the best is
the best to the future that's funny and
no I don't I think it's interesting
because it's so different than the first
one yeah I give them full credit from
being slightly risky with it they didn't
just remake the first one which is kind
of what the third one is I mean it's in
the West not the fifties but beat for
beat the plot feels similar to the first
sure sure just trying to get this in the
past don't have the right fuel stars so
we need to do a special thing with this
train so we get up to 88 miles per hour
we got to fix the emotional problem
before we have the action similarities
you know what I never thought about it
like that
oh I didn't that's fine
you can do it
you knew this
fuck you I hate this part
oh yeah that's funny stick Lords what's
your name
Clint Eastwood what kind of stupid name
is that we need everything we need fuel
a few old auto shop okay yeah we need
repairs more than anything perfect
thoughts on Michael J Fox for what we
need $38 for one no I mean he I enjoyed
Michael J Fox and the things I've seen
him in I know you know I have no more or
less information than that
I'm Michael J Fox what are you thoughts
oh my god a fox
yeah you're doing great rich you're sure
talking about Michael J Fox oh he was
also doc Hollywood
remember that doc Hollywood you like
it's been so long since I've seen doc
Hollywood I don't remember it being
terribly good but you know it's fine
whatever that's fine that's fine
not Doc Holliday doc Hollywood or a fox
yeah we're all kinds of fact great
what do you why do you need money fuel
fuel do we need fuel yes
did you did we learn how to scavenge in
town yeah great Oh big old bag of money
they go bag of food hobo Oh zombie ate
another hobo that's great I took care of
that hobo for you I mean I guess we're
all hobos Oh screamer $25 any more than
that okay
is that enough I don't know I don't know
how much you need what do you want to
buy I need to $4 you need $4 they have a
hundred food ten for a buck
there's all the fuel lemonade nice nice
wait you're selling your fuel well oh
okay well move slowly but you don't need
med kits that was risk sure that was big
risk sure sure
what supplies and carry capacity not
only that decent supplies and GPS Bajor
city decent supplies GPS I don't know
what a GPS is but as I am you must cross
a horde of zombies it appears to be
docile you have the cowcatcher
they're docile man docile
right there right through cowcatcher
do-do-do-do-do you get caught in a
blizzard the cold will tax your health
and well you'll have to drive more
cautiously I like how it's like everyone
blames me even Tiberius Kirk he's like
yep that was me that was absolutely me I
lost it my bad
no my kids have not seen Back to the
Future yet you get you got very tired
losing that battery like he had to lose
it out in the woods
really so we got a little tired you got
a little tired man I have the greatest I
have the greatest app on my phone and
it's called kids media and it tells you
all the swear words and every movie ever
made
yeah and I'm gonna look up Back to the
Future right now let's see let's check
out the language zombie activity load
you wanna try scavenger you're 5 ammo
yeah sure why not
why the fuck not ok so here's what this
app tells you about Back to the Future I
love this is why I love this app
occasional swearing includes damn
butt-head shit ass asshole son of a
bitch hell bastards and Jesus Christ as
an exclamation
where the the app I think has slight
religious overtones in the 1950s it
seems a few racial epithets epic
epithets are used and the bad guy by the
bad guys including Irish bug and spook
and a mayor is referred to as colored
these are all the things about back to
the future
that's crap tents crap oh that's great
you needed that and you said my food
yeah all right epithet yeah I know
that's a tough word for me to say I put
that epithet so but overall you know
they give it a positive rating they say
9 and up a lot of cuss words so that you
know my boys probably won't be watching
it anytime soon but yeah eventually
they'll see it that's one that kids need
to see I think
I know oh yeah you know that's a good
meet Packard attempted rape equals safer
children if they say Jesus though you're
on the app I wonder if they talk about
the attempted rape hold on maybe that's
in the VAT there's a violence section in
an early scene an attack by a squad of
terrorists includes automatic weapon
fire and what appears to be a
significant fatal shooting I love this
app other sequences include suspenseful
car and skateboard chases a character
threatened by a shotgun some perilous
scenes involving a tall clock tower and
punches thrown between high school kids
bullying a significant theme occurs on
numerous occasion the bully initiates an
exaggerated off-camera assault on a high
school girl but she's never really in
danger when he tries to rape her she's
never really in danger
yeah suspenseful skateboard chase yeah
the rape attempt he's really strong but
they they're passing that off as it is
she's never really in danger I love this
oh wait no way there is a sex category
to let's see here
in the sex department a few kisses and
embraces some flirting teenage crushes
are a key part of the story with hero
Marty becoming the object of affection
of a girl who will grow up to become his
mother while perched in a tree a boy
spies through a girl's window
mr. quenches measles Oh mr. glitch gets
around what's this new bar radiations
Oh a bad choice you went into the
radiation this bad oh sure if you ever
want to have a good laugh get yourself
this kids media app I love it I play a
game with my wife sometimes where we
just like list off all of the stuff it
says wrong and we try to guess the movie
that's - one of my favorites that's
great do another okay should we do that
should we do that should we play a game
this is all this is what I should have
done to give away the keys play guess
the game from the kids media you know
what we'll just do that as a string Jay
oh you know what Jay has a bunch of DVDs
to give away he says he has a bunch of
old movies that he's either like bought
on blu-ray or doesn't watch anymore and
he wants to do like a mega giveaway
right so what we'll do is we'll find
their information on the kids media app
and then see if people can guess them in
whoever guesses it right gets it that's
how we'll do it
this game it'll be great
good kid what are you just gone out what
are you going on there was nothing there
for every 10 of those things you can
kill in 40 seconds I'll fix up your car
a little bit bull-fucking-shit
you got caught on a little invisible
thing marriage do you think a zombie
hand was grabbing you and you just
didn't see it okay Tyrone sloths or we
just we added the FaceCam actually not
too long ago just took like last week I
want to say was that our first week with
it yeah yeah so we just got it we're
trying it out enough kind of liking him
doing great rich doing great he's gonna
fix up your car to little bits did it
Oh Dublin's still here Dublin is one of
the developers of Oregon Trail and
Dublin has offered to give us more steam
keys for organ trails you wanna I think
we're gonna do the kids media app game
yes happening
yes Dublin did you send me an email or
something oh no oh no rich hold on
they sent us three yes
thank you I just feel a battery charger
from Dave's office okay okay so we are
playing guess the movie based off of
what the kids media app has to say about
it and if you can guess the movie
correctly you can win a steam key for
Oregon Trail and I'm so excited about
this game and here's the thing because I
know a lot of you will just want to
guess anyway and if you if you already
own the game or don't have steam that's
fine
everyone wants is okay so okay let me
look up let me look up one and make sure
that it's cool
dundun dundun John kilo this first one
is gonna be subs only yeah so turn us
into sub only mode and this is for steam
these are steam keys I believe actually
I don't know that for sure let me double
check I'm sorry we're so fucked right
okay so these are I have no idea how to
replenish this shit I'm very sorry we
can't take jobs fucked fucked
what's Oh cuz your radiation shoot him
in the fucking head
nice nice okay we have steam keys let me
open up the kids media app okay we
aren't subscriber on the mode here is
what here's what it's happening I'm
going to list off how the kids media app
describes a movie and you have to guess
the movie also subs if you could turn us
into you only get one guess per minute
but can you put the room into slow mode
because you only you only get one minute
so here's what am I gonna say wait I'm
gonna I'll wait till the room gets
turned into slow mode alright it's gonna
be great it's gonna be great
nice okay here we go ready here's how
they describe the language of this movie
no strong language is clearly heard but
much of the dialogue is obscured by the
thundering
sound effects who knows Oh No
so that's how they that's how they
describe the language here's how they
describe the violence intense constant
violence of all kinds including against
women characters die in explosions and
car crashes and are shot and stabbed
with arrows a pregnant woman dies the
dead baby is cut from her womb mostly
off screen fighting chasing nightmare
sequences flashbacks disturbing imaged
diseased flesh blood transfusions did
you figure it out yeah it only works
during the day oh sure oh there we go
and chaos
14:28 gets it with Mad Max fury road Mad
Max fury road that was the first one I
wanted to try it out so uh chaos I will
be sending you that steam key in just a
moment we'll just so we'll get another
one do you have an idea for a movie you
can type it in
engrossed in this okay okay so a little
okay so now we're gonna go a little less
recent how about this I'll give you the
let's see here what about okay type on
this this is yeah it's it's okay so this
movie I'll give you the decade this
movie is from the 90s okay that's
that'll be my one hint you know I think
this room is now somewhere okay so here
is this movie we will start with the
language this is what kids media app has
to say about this movie
it says profanity and cursing is
pervasive throughout fuck in all forms
is used in nearly every scene there are
also several ethnic slurs uttered
including the n-word and ugly references
to Jews actually they don't get very
specific in that one let's see if the
violence can help you guys out from
start to finish
violence is at the forefront of this
film
there are frequent vicious beatings did
I see it already mall rat ko mahal Radko
gets it with Goodfellas
Goodfellas I can't believe that yeah
yeah great that's great congratulations
mall reco
that was great that's a funny one
positive messages no this movie is about
a moral unethical and illegal behavior
the characters lied cheated steal gamble
abused drugs maim torture and kill in
almost all cases they show no guilt or
remorse there's a movie I love this I
call a picture film rot rot
hold on Maul rattle and chaos for know
what's your name again hold on oh yeah
okay ask 1428 we're dead oh yes you what
wish to enter an epitaph
let's see here
language profanity and cursing is
pervasive throughout what am i clock
okay last one last one
this is our last steam key for for organ
trail is everybody ready well I'm
waiting for the room move room to go
into slow mode again we need to find
another movie let's see here what would
be an interesting one oh I know I know
see that mmm okay okay slow mode great
the room is now in slow mode so are we
ready
this movie is from is that right
2002 well that's what the app says let's
start with language because that's
that's always a fun place to start with
hmm a few instances of shit said by the
kids lots of name-calling and low-level
swearing crap but jerk idiot and other
colorful insults let's take a look at
violence oh that's too specific we can't
go there let's see here let's look at
sex
is there any sex the boys google teenage
girls and the camera lingers on the
female anatomy one of the boys tricks a
lifeguard into kissing him they go spike
1382 gets it with the sandlots nice one
spike 1382 oh yeah as soon as you guys
got the kissing one you guys got all
that I was giving a little bit away with
the kids but spike 1382
nice Oh where'd it go where'd it go
according to the app it says 2002 the
Sandlot that's well then the app has it
wrong I have many apologies I was just
going by what it says on the app Sandlot
- I'm looking the Sandlot beside the
Sandlot - was 2010 oh well then the app
has a typo on it okay
many apologies for everyone who's
looking at 2002 movies button
many many pounds I thought it was
earlier than that 93 the the moral of
the story doc trust everything you read
is don't trust everything you read on an
amp but it's still it's a hilarious app
I always like look up movies and to see
what they say about it like like like in
that one they say but no redeeming value
none let's see what they have to say
about the same line hold on
positive messages in the sandlot
positive messages about friendship and
loyalty family relationships are more
complex but characters intent is
generally good that's true that's true
let's see here
do they have positive role models the
kids are typical preteen boys shut up
but face quantifies as Riddhi witty
rejoinder but they clearly care about
one another when it counts even though
the film is set in 1962 some parents
will question the way girls are
portrayed the way they were supposed to
be right 1962 maybe that maybe they
portrayed them a little too evenly for
1960 there was one girl who wasn't in
the kitchen she had an opinion there was
a woman and she was wearing pants you
won't believe it
okay so mall rat Co chaos 11 or 14 28
and Spike 1382 I will be sending you
steam keys for Oregon Trail and thanks
again to to the developer your name is
in here somewhere
thank you for all the keys and you know
we enjoy playing it and now other people
can enjoy playing it for free
which is all I mean it's just always
better absolutely absolutely
you know what absolutely I'm just gonna
start copying and pasting and yeah yeah
you know I'm gonna start reading names
you start reading names eggs eggs yes oh
thank you guys I had absolutely forgot
already
I knew I knew I would
Tiberius Kirk Frisco Jones 14 months in
a row
Krieger 783 13 months in a row just this
guy you know marette you mez I'm sorry
what mama gomez whoa radical 13 months
in a row Ratko it should be radical I
mean whatever may just awesome wouldn't
be radical yeah I don't think that's how
it works I don't think Dragon scribe
Google Google's there's a 1 in there I'm
just making it supposed to sub for now
ok but it's okay so yeah Happ 78 Quin
some niak 14 months in a row mr. Foreman
le contraire Mundus stinky Burgess
stinky right thing is not safe for
wookie Nathan
and did neutral 30 Muslim thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we really do and thanks for
reminding me about those eggs I'm gonna