Episode 417
Undertale with wacky voices. (part 1)
November 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKNOBf-OBhc
___________________________________________

we're rolling the ball is that the ball
is on ballpoint oh one thing yeah big
picture mode get your butt up in the
hizzy oh my god oh my god are you saying
oh my god because I said my microphones
flying all over the place spaz undertale
I'm gonna hate it when I was like you
hate that game why'd you play it if you
hate it undertale is the new hunt I'm
gonna say you wanted me to play it we're
gonna say we hate you
undertale is the new hotness we're gonna
play it but we figured once again we
will be doing dual duty by trying to
play it with the steam controller
because that worked out so well left oh
alright we are going to set this thing
up oh my god I need to make this
fullscreen you have to do it and you
have to do that using the steam
controller I can't here we're not gonna
let me use the keyboard only this team
thing only the steam controller
I don't know this fullscreen all right
I'm gonna hit the steam button
oh my god look at how tiny that is I
love it here's here's a weird thing
we've just discovered about the oh I
gotta make this time assemble some we
just discovered by the steam controller
that the menus mm-hmm they display in
the game's display hmm no matter how
tiny that game just display us which is
weird I love it Frank
freaking let me get my reading glasses
on because that the whole point was you
can do this from the couch let me get my
reading black well you need to full
screen why why I have to use this to do
it though so I need to set a control
with this to full screen of the game
I'll doing other than this yeah I'm
gonna make a button what button should
be full screen oh no it's already a
button okay sorry a button of the left
bumper is full screen windowed mode oh
so they are there zone so there's
bindings just for this game we're
already set we're already set
that's nice which bumper the left bumper
I think you have to get out of here and
go back to the game okay that's nice
boom so this is one of the nice things
but the community presets community
priest we're all ready said look at that
alright big picture mode is a feature
rich don't you see no no it's it's not
it's a pain in the ass that's really
true
that's really true while we're getting
started rich what did you think about
ash vs. Evil Dead oh it's funny it's
very fun I we that's why we're running a
little late is because we were watching
at shorts as Evil Dead
I actually did not get a chance to watch
it last night over Halloween and today I
was working on stuff so I didn't get to
watch it so we watched it it was great
name the fuck should we go back and try
and find what the story might be in this
oh yes it's an RPG we should yeah
alright I guess we haven't even started
the game yet so I guess it's just asking
a winner oh what a fallen human is yet
but we have to name what it right let me
don't need a chat name who wants to be a
fallen human oh I see I see that rich
your mouse is over there can you we have
to deviate from the steam controller to
move the mouse off the screen because
that's annoying thank you
and no game audio you don't have any
game none you should have said I mean
it's very quiet right now but you should
have some black screen no display what
hold hold your horse and I have to find
my way out of big picture mode hold them
horses you know and I can't oh there's
no option to all tap out with big
picture mode and that nice I'm gonna use
the keyboard again Jack I'm sorry oh
yeah let me check this out let me uh
window we are actually we're not doing
window capture we're doing just um
there's things on the screen we're doing
monitor capture
because we wanted you to watch our big
picture mode there's nothing on the
screen oh that is a weird thing with my
under capture all right well we can't on
here well we're gonna show you the steam
menus and whatnot I guess we're just not
gonna do that what is that what is wish
which look the game audio is tweakin
when we talk no I think it's just weird
coincidence okay
I go back to capturing just the game I
did
it's already done oh great already done
then we're great okay great so did we
figure out who's getting named the fuck
come up with a fun name we got it what
first person to say what Jack say what
groovy
okay the first person who says groovy
will be named the fallen demon groovy oh
I do I would like I would like to Wayne
how was it no keys or smoke what was it
that scrolled up already yep mokey b85
all right I was a lowercase mo mo
underscore key but you can oh my god oh
my god I gotta go way back so there we
go backspace on the screen again Oh rich
fuck off fuck off I will mop all right
but I can't put in a space so they're
just gonna be okey I like that mokey yep
I know no numbers or nothing just mokey
really yeah they those numbers might be
very important to them Jack okay you
don't care no no ass either
mokey it's just okay mokey all right
mokey
uh yeah whatever like mokey we're mokey
oh my god it's zooming out at us is this
name correct yes
that's exciting mokey you are the
following and whatever that means we
don't know the story yet
okay yeah oh my god what's love stand
for I love Jack is regretting the voice
my voice it's comfortable to do and not
horribly humiliating I'll share some
with you know this is working out great
so that's a new thing isn't for coming I
share love through little white
friendliness pellets that's that's
different
definitely I'm missing yes reluctantly
okay in this world its killer be killed
why would anyone pass up an opportunity
like this
whoa holy fuck Oh what is that oh my god
what is happening Oh what it's a bouquet
check torturing such a poor innocent
youth do not be afraid my child
I am Tyrell sorry you Tory oh fuck
toriel toriel can't take care of the
ruins I pass through this place every
day see if anyone has fallen down for
the first human to come here a long time
come I will guide you to the catacombs
this way
oh yay toriel miss Tori I'm gonna try to
kill us - I know what is that thing
that's the thing that looks like a
butthole the shit the shadow of the
ruins lose about filling you with
determination
oh so fucking determined Oh ready age me
fully restored we didn't lose anything
yeah we'll save sure rose engine smile
say that right baby
great that's fine toriel welcome to your
new home innocent went wrong allow me to
educate you in the operation of the room
that's great
root
food puzzles ancient fusions between
diversions and door key when the sub
them to dolphin door keys are there
nerds down here essence canvas cavern of
doors
these suggest yourself to the side of
them okay
to make progress here you will need to
trigger several switches that worry I
have labeled the ones that you need to
flip Lesley to read signs or a because
I'm using the same controller lay on pay
off for you are you doing oh I missed
your dialog cuz I hit a thing no that
was the switch I think you're supposed
to go on mister switch on the left
splendid I am proud of you gets the one
Oh
it just moved to the next room are you
having a stroke is tutorial yes these
horns in my header actually tumors oh no
in my brain is a human living in the
underground monsters may attack you for
sure you need to be prepared for this
situation however very not process is
simple you encounter a monster you enter
fights or what a fight are you in a
fight strike up a friendly conversation
what stall the time I will come to
resolve the conflict practice talking to
the dummy
all right you encounter you encountered
the dummy
so talk act
fights no don't fight I'm just looking
at what I can do
no item merci
whoa okay here we go Oh
talk check or talk check check it out
dummy you're attacked of zero defense
zero okay a cotton heart and a button Oh
cutting hurting up at night you are the
apple of my eye I thought a was like the
control a hit a two cotton heart and a
dummy stands around absent-mindedly
okay talk to the dummy you talk to the
dummy dummy says I don't think the
dummies gonna talk back
it doesn't seem much for conversation
sure it's like the big bad guy of the
game gonna be like hiding inside the
dummy the whole time but I just did I
just spoil the one twist rich what a
twist
toriel seems happy with you I suppose we
could have attacked I think the the meta
of this game because on the steam page
it says you can go through the whole
game without fighting anyone yeah so I
believe the meta of this game is to make
it through the game without fighting
anyone I wonder what happens if you do
fight everyone I don't I don't know we
we won we earned 0 XP and zero go well
ah very good you are very good you know
there is another puzzle in this room I
wonder if you can solve it I hope they
cure my tumors I'm dying I'm in pain
every day froggit attacks you should we
should we see what happens if we fight
or are we gonna try to go pacifism bless
the chat sir
guys should should we beat the fuck out
of this frog or we should check out the
hook while the DJ revolves it what not
unless you want to have a bad time one
time I kill pacifism pacifism fascism
seems to be winning passes and winning
sorry
Oh compliment or threat
complimented Czech tech for defense 5
life is difficult for this enemy oh we
should compliment it oh oh she looks
Stern is it as she assuming tutorials
she it has eyelashes
probably shouldn't complement it I
wonder if we missed something was that
that time Alex I didn't really do
anything other than Shack of us checking
a lone wolf well if she just says you
have to stall for time yeah it sound
like that was like a low-level enemy so
just checking salt for time and she came
and gave it a stern look huh she she
mega punched it this is the puzzle but
here take my hand for a moment weak-ass
smells already
unless we need to remember this there's
no way a bunch of ups and downs house it
seemed a little too dangerous for now
oh my god
we've done excellently that's far my
child however I have difficult request
to ask of you
this is awkward well have you heard of
euthanasia yet of genocide because I
want these I heard it relaxant very much
okay go go there she goes I want to die
with some tea
take this pillow and smother me I'd like
you to walk to the end of the room by
yourself
oh well I mean that's kind of a normal
thing to ask
forgive me for this shit I reject Oh
meetings my child do not worry I did not
leave you trusted me there was an
important reason for this exercise okay
to test your independence
I'm must attend to some business and you
must stay alone for a while I think that
toriel is a helicopter parent I'll look
after her I have a parent
we've the giant side in order to try to
protect it these are made here it's
dangerous to explore by yourself I have
an idea I will give you a cellphone yeah
you're a helicopter parent if you have a
need for anything just call be good all
right all right
good let's go exploring man you want to
explore you wanna you don't want to call
her huh huh
there's another test yeah that's what
this is well it's gonna make us wait
here 40 minutes Oh like the test is she
did she tell us the way medians sure
well wait here and let's talk about ash
versus evil yeah that sounds like a good
idea okay something we were talking
about ash vs. Evil Dead why's I was sam
raimi directed the pilot but is not
directing any other episode yes it is my
first thought was this is something to
worry about
but before we streamed you said
something to me that I thought was very
shocking yeah you thought that might be
a good thing it might be a good explain
this to me because I can't see how this
makes any sense
so like the the pilot was good yeah the
first episode was was fine it had all of
the the wonderfulness of the Evil Dead
seasons but it didn't it didn't have any
sort of it didn't have any of that new
modern Sparta 2 which is not a bad thing
that's not a criticism but bringing in
pardon the pun some fresh blood might
elevate ash versus the evil versus evil
dead from a nostalgia property into
something new and exciting
possibility or you could end up with
terrible directors who direct very
tribal and evil that episodes and do you
necessarily want anything other than a
nostalgia trip yes I do want something
else do something big you know I love
evil done but I if I if I want to watch
evil that I'll just watch the movies
those already exist this is a new thing
and I want something new one one thing
I'm kind of happy about as other than
the one line they didn't really reuse
the old ones he never says right oh yeah
shit like that
so again then again I guess they don't
have the rights to army of Darkness they
can't mention army of Darkness oh is
that true yes so I guess I'm doing about
any of those lines are probably off
limits
well his character is definitely
different he's written like the
character from army of darkness
he's with he's written things that
version of ass he's written like a
caricature of ash from army of Darkness
- from army of darkness was a character
caricature character caricature whatever
but he's even he's ten times I'm gonna
say this is not a test so you're giving
up already are we walking off screen are
we using the cell phone is the question
well she said call if we need anything
report huh we're bored that's what we
need I think this is the cell phone
tutorial I'm gonna say
you know you wanna you wanna just walk
off sorry all right
I mean I want to walk out scream here we
go oh hello this is toriel you have not
left the room have you there are a few
puzzles ahead that I have yet to explain
and you'd be dangerous to try to solve
them yourself
be good I'll write I can't just sit
there and wait can we talk about more
kawatte call her mom flirt talk about
herself or say hello I'm going what say
hello yeah well I might call our mom
she's if I can go oh my god
dialing this is Tori and you and they
wanted to say hello
okay well then oh I hope that's of Isis
click okay
I bet the not suffice we need to explore
about ourselves we need to go exploring
dialing
this is hurry up you want to know more
about me well other than the cancer I'm
I'm afraid there's not much to say I'm
just a silly lady worries too much right
now I'm not calling her mom so yes we
will explore ok you don't want to call
her mom or flirt like that
no I don't want to flirt with a guy I'm
just you know saying those are our two
options left ok go see what that guy's
rocket rocket
compliment well first check right life
is difficult for this enemy meow meow oh
my god oh my god
Oh can't touch you okay we have to dodge
them that's really neat you are
intimidated by frog it's raw strength a
home beginning complemented Varga didn't
understand what you said but was
flattered anyway Oh blushes deeply
ribbit oh good luck Vince if I you what
how are we losing HP even complement it
again okay now watch your heart well I
did dodge the thing yeah see I didn't
lose HP then great threat good look if
you complimented it seems to be really
easy to dodge his attacks well super
threatened scared shiver shiver yeah see
this is these are harder to dodge you
got a compliment
someone someone who's giving us a subway
wait someone is giving us a tip yeah
when the name is yellow like that yeah
we can show mercy ah
okay great
no XP that's sad I don't I think that's
the thing in this game I don't think you
do earn XP it's this take one take a
piece of candy
we're independent-minded now because
we're leaving we're leaving not mom
behind we're gonna take that candy
hey that's it that's totally up to you
man totally up to you you can Monster
candy that's okay yo so HP is a distinct
non licorice flavor no you know what
many candies have a novelist
all right okay oh my god
I don't want to fight you target
compliment
I like it that we make the frog flash
apparently it's not always the D jumping
frog one
Hey so in any case to wrap up ash versus
evil oh yeah is I'd then I would love I
think anyone who is in the running ooh a
whimsy a winsome nice already back five
that's zero it's too sensitive to fight
forgive me whoa all right checking does
count as an action oh sure oh my god
continues to mutter abolish
oh goody L already yeah okay is I think
anyone who would be in the running
slash interested in directing ash vs.
Evil Dead is someone who's excuse me I
have some ice for you my battling
monsters had a certain layer Fightin's
he almost defeat them they might not
want to battle you anymore
monsters not want to fight you please
you some mercy human alright okay okay
ash receive that any director who is
looking to direct that is a director who
understands the style involved yeah so
I'm not I'm not too worried about that
I'm very interested to see what episode
two brings I'm interested to see what a
non samret in the episode brings
together I want some new style you
rocket
let's check on a bomb
huh what's going on wow they're saying
this game is adorable and then they're
saying we shouldn't play this anymore
and then they're saying I hear the soak
game is overrated then they're saying oh
shit prereq explained my new favorite
game so you know what we're running the
full gamut here yeah which we always do
ok that's ok
nope bridge ok you did it
hello this is toriel no reason in
particular which do you prefer cinnamon
or butterscotch
what
make out all sorts of assumptions what
if it's like a cinnamon roll you'd
prefer a butterscotch candy over a
cinnamon roll yeah we'll see yeah I am
with you rich Evans is an elderly man is
an LDC thank you very much and fuck you
jack
yeah a fearsome fear and sensitivity and
judgments on this but Erskine you know
butterscotch is immune hello this is
Timmy I'm here I'm just like cinnamon do
you I know what your preference is but
but you don't have your nose if you
found it on your plate right right I
understand thank you for being patient
by the way I didn't make you a cinnamon
toast three out of four gray rocks
recommend you push them Oh project
that's right cinnamon all the way
yes we all learned a little something
about rich tonight the man likes
butterscotch very strange not especially
enamored of either really I'm just given
the choice between cinnamon and
butterscotch I think maybe butterscotch
about cinnamon toast you know what I
don't think I've ever cinnamon toast I
don't think I ever had much of a taste
for cinnamon you know what you put a
little you make some toast butter it up
then pour cinnamon sugar on it and you
got yourself a sweet-ass breakfast
oh I get it what this is the path Oh
interesting
please don't stab found believes that
makes sense that makes sense okay and
we're good
molds mall blocked your way oh oh it's
already yellow emit tape flirt or it's
already yellow you wiggle your hips
molds of all Wiggles back what a
meaningful conversation
sexy wiggle oh my god I'm gonna guess
and the check and confirm this did you
only earn XP if you murder I would
assume I would absolutely assume
but if we murder alright mother would be
upset with us if we murdered rich how do
you know how a pair of froggit oh my god
a Qatar Zoo asks a very serious question
yeah
belts or suspenders I don't think I've
ever worn a pair of suspenders if it
wasn't for some sort of costume song I
think that yes anybody wear suspenders
if they're not like weird and it's not
like the 1940s I think like really
really morbidly obese people half-twist
so I'm gonna go bounce
I like bounce
what a strange and wonderful like RPG
turn-based combat mechanic where you
have to actually I do a little game
thing I like that
now that you've never played it because
I know your feelings on handhelds but
they do a similar thing in the Super
Mario Brothers RPGs for the Game Boy
Advance and with the s and whatnot where
you have to do certain timed events
during the turn-based combat
yeah makes it a little more interesting
I mean you mean interesting in any way
shape or form it gives you a little bit
of control yeah MC Lucas says he's
guessing that eventually you'll be
forced to kill to progress maybe
Oh Oh all the way down oh alright maybe
maybe we'll be forced to kill or or
maybe I think that's the tagline of the
game is you don't have to kill right
that's that's the way they bill it I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say not whimsy yeah
you won what oh not over fern I have to
go to the sign yeah yeah
because George Martin is a jet yeah
george RR martin wear suspenders and he
is a giant big fat man and so I'm only
assuming that belts just don't work for
him I think eventually that shape yeah
don't worry they become completely
impractical right can't find belts that
large yeah custom-built but you know if
you actually need to breed a cow that is
large enough oh how horrible or you know
like I think also it oh the battlefield
is filled with the smell of mustard why
I don't I don't know that I can handle
this what I don't know that I can handle
this strange it's very strange
well you can Mercy Fraga day all right
yeah that's good or I think if you wear
like suits every day the suspenders is
also wrote you know like and if you're
uh if you're like a fashion guy you can
wear like the suspenders as a fashion
accessory but
I wear t-shirts and jeans most of the
time so it's mostly fucking for you
oops oops what'd you do oh I
accidentally ran away but oh my god
rich rich I mean fuck you I'm gonna hand
the controller to you you fuck around
with him now you're doing great
no no yeah
you're kind of failing all of them but
those are so difficult right so
difficult what happens when you run away
I think you just don't get any cold or
anything oh I think I got the gold one
fron I killed you kill the Frog well
spare me spare two frog defeated be
defeated you sure
oh no I'm sure many people wear
suspenders as part of their job
oh my god that's way too difficult oh my
god oh my god I may not have been the
best idea I should have I should have
got rid of the winsome immediately sure
no I'll get a boat get rid of both at
once it'll be great
nope wasn't great it was not great whoa
there whoa there partner
Oh said you could push me around hmm so
you're asking me to move over okay just
for you pumpkin
hmm let me move some more yeah all right
how's this
no what is wrong direction
okay that's great you're what you're
welcome or do you want me to say there
give me real workout your pal right
you want
hey we got nothing I'm I'm inclined to
believe that this is a sort of arthouse
game we're supposed to be you know
relying on RPG tropes to
help us gain a messiah story what this
this seems like the Stanley parable of
old-school RPGs
seeing that Jesus would be with me here
whereas the Stanley parable yeah do you
see that mouse hole okay oh geez what
yeah
so the Stanley parable yeah uses kind of
first-person movement tropes to to tell
an interesting story
yeah right where it's not necessarily
about your ability to play the game the
Stanley parable but it's about the
gameplay
this ghost keeps can't saying zo
repeatedly pretending to sign it's not
snoring move it with force no no no ask
it politely
zzzzzz zzzzzz
are they gone yet zzzzz why can you go
above or below it nope oh you mean go
around it yeah well you just have been
running into it
No all right so what we turn off i was i
was saying that this this room i'm gonna
call this so far obviously you know
we're two seconds into the game but this
is reminding me very much it comes
napstablook napstablook this reminds me
very much of the Stanley parable wait
Jim let's trim up oh yeah okay the
impatient smile oh no no you have to
avoid his tears rich Oh God oh my god a
little bit better okay that's good
should we I don't like that cheer yeah I
just wait down oh my god
yeah yeah that's right now
monstro you went into your item oh oh
maybe try to cheer him up again it's old
napstablook little joke he's got two
heads now huh
things are getting better yeah let's
tear yeah oh my god oh god oh god oh
great yeah I think you got a cheer then
you go cheer mom
why cuz I don't like that that dodge for
the cheer threatening is not good yeah
the same thing threatening does not help
our situation means no go wow look at
the sheering seems to have improved Nats
absolute again but you threatened by
flirting again hey there baby goose
I just weigh you down oh that's right
flirting didn't do any good we need to
cheer I think about what you doing
system
Oh Oh what
death of why
does anybody - do you like his hat yes
how do I tell him I like his hat cheer
oh gee
I usually come to the woods because
there's nobody around but today I met
somebody nice Oh
I'm rambling again I'll get out of your
way food made by spiders for spiders
I've spider what oh my god for spiders
and never listens to me right sock I
skip through my words my pressing acts
that's right pressing acts well at least
you listen to me
ever driven I heard your network and
make it have a full screen get out of
here
this is just like you know we were
playing on
nig SAP crawled up close ooh oh that
MiG's a bird
oh the mix app is the partner oh look at
him he this little dance doesn't have a
care in the world
fuck yeah mix app you want it man
looking I'm doubt you mix up yet no dog
let's talk about star let's talk hey JJ
mixed up doesn't have much care in the
world
I'm just fucking chilling down that's
great tech 7 defense 5 it seems evil but
it's just with the wrong crowd like
alone damn Emma gasps whatever I thought
I gasped big big stop big God yeah I get
it bye alright so your Stanley parable
terrible so don't you think like not at
all where it seems like the game the
gameplay is just light enough to service
kind of a subversive narrative about
gaming and about gaming in general no no
that's what I'm picking up so I'm really
not picking that up okay
that's what I'm picking up it's playing
with some kind of pacifist angle we
haven't even tried attacking yeah so I
don't know I don't know what would
happen sure leave seven gold in the web
no where's the big website leave 18 gold
on the web oh sure small one let's go
yeah whatever what does he do I don't
know all right good I'll do it yeah went
up and gave you a jug great now we got a
jug man that's awesome oh listen in chat
by the way I I am judge you know
obviously my my analysis of the game is
based on the 12 seconds in which we have
played so obviously I oh that's right
this lady I just realized it's been a
while since I've cleaned up hasn't that
expected to have company so soon
probably a lot of things lying it out
here and there you can pick him up did I
carry more than you need someday you
might see something you really like
you'll want to leave room in your
pockets for that nope me gasp mercy Wow
ah just be yourself just be yourself
shouts don't never care in the world
peace there's one switch once watched
what are you talking about I'm sorry or
you fall through visual aid came out of
the earth
vegetto oh my god EEP dude dinner talk
talk with her talk pants can't talk
dummy oh my god I got you got carrot
adventure Boyd
you got you got karate'd dog dinner oh I
just ate offers a healthy meal eight
degrees get oh oh oh god damn it eat the
green ones yeah I can see that now okay
dinner oh you tried to eat me Arden what
are you doing man I'm hitting the wrong
button is what I'm doing what are you
doing man
shut up shut up we're gonna die unless I
eat that green thing you gotta eat the
green thing man
offers a healthy meal eat greens
your hands not just in my hands now you
cannot give up just yet
I don't know I should have used the item
I wanted to try it
thank forget the thing would let me take
another hit
I just died oh you got hit after you hit
the green thing
this cheese has been here quite a long
time it stuck to the table here you want
to reach it
fine all right if you want me to take it
off your lap though yeah get a little
closer
it works me I want it I want it fuck
this play bomb game bomb game oh the
game where we defuse the bomb business
you know what we're gonna play something
new every once in a while you use a new
game oh shit that's okay how to do it so
you can try the actual combat
okay hi there like fighting fight see
what happens yeah if you want to sup to
you
oh that's your that's your twin stick
shooter background prop it up right
there mr. Isaac right I'm fine thanks
it's very strange and s the book is
staring into the distance
plug in your lug you have to never
attack to get the best ending no yeah
well I've already attack now I wanted to
see what happened is it never attacker
just never murderer so we can weaken him
and then spare him I believe right
see what happens now you know what we
can always um go back to our same
you can hurt but no motor
I might have just murdered
I'm gonna murder him I just want to see
what happens you to know you can't kill
ghosts right except I just murdered you
motherfucker
spider-man Carper Illinois
I was just lowering my HP because I
didn't want to be rude pretend to be me
you lost one experience
nice well that's interesting very
interest what did you quit huh so I can
start back from the save point oh really
well yeah no this is my experience point
here we go we can always go back oh no
the game remembers not if I just quit my
fucker
see look boom back here back here how
about that I just wanted to see what
happened game knows you're not escaping
it oh well that's fine
I'm sorry yeah you know what it was good
to see he was good to see what happens
I pay I gave napstablook a patient smile
I'm assuming we could start a new game
at some point sure
here
I told napstablook a little joke
napstablook wants to show me something
I call it dapper I think that's bloat
the book is that feel okay is that book
or bloke I feel okay yeah Luke Luke I
don't know okay great go to the spider
bake sale you get that joke little huh
oh wait I need to fight more monsters I
need that jug yep I lost money I mean I
want that joke you've lost money then we
fight someone over here shut your cow
yeah cow yeah you know what that's
something I've never wanted I find you
how yeah orderly disgusting it would be
who've you to shut up
ooh
mix up
and she can just do mercy how do you do
how do you get over there cancel out be
over the mercy spill
right now we got gold now we're gonna go
get a jug great its jug time baby
oh but
there's like a thing over here okay
hogwash
miksa merci
swing your arms in the air big SAP
doesn't give a fuck the internet says
you can still get the best end but if
you get the ending where you kill
everything then you get a different
ending instead of the pacifist one no
gave me a jug great like I want that jug
that's in this one how many do we need
for this one
7g okay
sorry spiders let's get out of here
no mix-up these guys are great big ass
ah he's mix out to keep getting this
fucking name wrong and I don't know why
you keep getting this fucking name wrong
he's mix up it's not that hard
it's fucking name thing okay get the
thing okay
what No get the thing on this over oh my
god looks it's like this monsters
incorporated
oh no house key oh fuck I didn't want to
attack you please don't pick on me oh
I'm so sorry I'd press the wrong button
don't pick it up someone gets it it is
still attacking well you know he's those
are happy bubbles happy bubbles that
hurt you mercy hey great I can six gold
that's nice
you can find the small spider web thing
okay go down wait first before then see
that is go up go up up looks you I want
more news carrot that's a monster
it's a veggie wood veget I'd miss a
monster harmed locally very locally
it's here for sure that's great
veggies right offers a healthy meal
each greens motherfucker I think I do I
need to eat a green in order to get rid
of them no find out time to locally
can't service wasn't yellow my dry spell
why are you trying every no yes the
yellow I don't know when is yellow isn't
it alright name is yellow you can give
me a green motherfuckers didn't stay low
and wait for the green there you go
there you go you got that green got that
green all right now now you can spare
ok great now we know how to deal with
the victims
all right now we're gonna go buy some
spider shit okay
with his kids unbearably large head
he's a dumb kid I don't like this kid
you don't like what do I care about this
kid it's good schmuck I don't want to be
a kid like that would donut like that
now we got a donut and a jug I don't
give no shits noting that Doug jug
coffee man we're gonna coffee and
doughnuts we're stupid kid with mommy
issues
hugs everybody's my gold mom looks don't
fight don't pick up I get it looks feels
a mum yells the moment
that gold great okay I hate to switch
already yes I have to hit it again well
we'll see
would you it's a switch present the far
door is not an exit
it's simply simply marks a rotation in
prospective what press it sure we're
done nothing happened
all right looks don't pick up I always
hit the random battles and you're just
walking you just want to get to the end
and then just just stop suddenly and you
have to do this shit yeah that's part of
it and stomach it more if you could see
the enemies coming and plan your
movements accordingly actually I find
that more frustrating because then like
you can't always get around them and
then it's the same situation then at
least it's not surprise you got to stop
what you were doing for a minute what
happened
nothing happened I press all three
switches and nothing happened
walk out the door the Bombers swing you
home big SAP don't give no fucks that's
what I was programmed it to say
yeah I hate I hate the the this one some
person a little with a little mini
twin-stick dodge game but I can't stand
the the hit a do the most efficient
attack just keep hitting ain't until the
enemies dead both take them and just
keep dude dude like 50 times
uh-huh until it dies and then the the
random pop ups battles those are the two
things about Jeremy G's that I fuckin
hate and that's that's like 90% of every
JRPG this is why I hate the genre mega
punch
nothing happened no I don't want to
fight you
being me is the best Oh mix-up
peace this is basically all we're doing
right now is farming gold okay so it's
not the blue one maybe it's the green
one or it's not the red on nope it's not
the green one
well at least it's something
change the room so then you step on blue
did you step on blue yet yeah go up oh
no vegetto aids a pair oh oh my god
that's that's actually potentially
problems it's okay
it's gonna offer me a healthy meal then
damn well better do it
Gate 2 because just two of them know
I can do this we have a we have a donut
and we have a thing that candy monster
everything yes yes
I died
hey everyone we need to get a gold which
is nice yeah
read the sign you fucks I told you
depress my didn't wait wait you press
the boost which I did press the blue
switch oh you get to press the one
that's hidden behind the pillar well I
did I did it
no you just fuck you think you've just
ended up touching monsters no I hit it
okay what do you want to eat spider
donut spider cider monster candy let's
eat a monster can be great if you can
read this
press the red switch
exactly
all right spare that thing right away
swing your arms baby great things that
doesn't give no fucks peace freak old
you like niggas I do know I like MIG
stop
you can read this
do this that's the green switch but now
they're hidden behind pillar yeah exact
mala just be yourself
still give it a peer pressure these
battles are so goddamn irritating but i
can assume like Brewster like Brewster
that you also don't like JRPGs oh boy
this is the this is actually fairly
interesting you know relatively speaking
interesting JRPG battles did he at least
least had that dodge thing that gets old
after a while right but at least it's a
little bit more than just yeah just
between you and me I saw toriel come out
of here just a little while ago she was
carrying some groceries yeah I didn't
ask what they were for or all too
intimidated to talk to her
ribbet oh yeah that's Justi possibly
quite high yeah you found a toy a knife
oh dear that took longer than I thought
it would we were told to stay put what
do you mean oh how did you get here my
child
are you hurt there there I will heal you
oh yeah I should not have left you alone
for so long and it's true you were a
negligent parent irresponsible trying to
spell irresponsible to try to surprise
you like this was it was your your bitch
well I suppose I cannot hide it any
longer come small one this is tree
batter
every time the old tree grows any leaves
all right on
there's the heel thing and the same
thing
here we go do you smell that
it was the dog it was me it must have
been you
you smell surprise it's a butterscotch
cinnamon pie that totally is not a
cinnamon pie with butterscotch poured on
top of it I thought we might celebrate
your arrival I want you to have a nice
time living here so I will hold off on a
snail pie for tonight yeah I have
another surprise for you this is it it's
a whole way
it's door you're going to paint it a
room of your own I hope you like it you
can stay here and never leave right ever
ever I was something burning
um Oh make yourself at home Roy Ike this
what's this you've seen this type of
flag before but do not know its name
who's this what's this what's this
what's this
there are these cool toys they don't
interest you at all
I'm too cool toys I got a dance with
mime is up a box of kids shoes in
disparity that's great I'll lay it oh
wait wait wait I think we just passed
over a detail that's interesting what a
disparity of sizes what's what does that
mean different size shoes so different
guessing you're not the only person to
have inhabited this room I mean I would
assume not if this game takes a dark
turn I'll be happy oh oh my god I went
to bed and I got a hat Oh
tell me that doesn't look like a that
looked like a slice of the cinnamon
butterscotch pie she was talking about
that looks like an Indiana Jones fedora
no yes looks like a pie on a plate I
definitely in the context of what she
said that looks like a motherfucking hat
that is an Indiana Jones Fedora right
there look at that jag is extremely
embarrassed right now
that is a hat and there's no going back
it's on it's on record for everyone to
see a hat that's totally apart
looks like a hat what's in this room no
there's some people in the chat that
thought that looked like a hat Thank You
Chad
subterranean plants water sausages I got
a water sausage for you but boom
what's your diary said I'm not leaving
there doesn't got like a kiss on it read
a fucking diary
what are your fucking diary why because
why wouldn't you because I'm a polite
little boy that's someone else's
personal diary would you want to read
her diary ah you do it here I am NOT
being a part of reading toriel's diary
this is we have to test out the steam
controller read the circle passage is
not a story oh this is not me you read
the passage why did the skeleton want a
friend because she was feeling bone Lee
are you happy now I'm very happy you got
that poem the rest of the page is filled
with jokes of a similar caliber get out
of there man how's the same joke the
same joke they could only take it on the
right one joke
do you remember shovel knight well I
think the Frog I don't think I ever ran
out of things for the Frog pun about oh
I got him that's it that's actually an
achievement is if you can listen to all
of the frogs bad jokes there you go
you did it I did it way to go you broke
toriel's trust to be fair jack murdered
the ghost undermined my product I wanted
to see what would happen in combat oh my
god it's it's it's it's it's your evil
duplicate behind that cutout in the wall
he's going to steal your soul what has
happened lies we're playing a game
called undertale undertale which is some
kind of RPG thing for you you don't kill
animals but there's still in combat
thing that happens you can't choose to
kill them or whatever
but trapped by the barrier and fearful
of further human attacks we retreated
far far into the earth we walked until
we reached the caverns and this was our
new home which we named home
appropriately enough
congratulations game as great as our
King is he is pretty lousy advanced she
looks she throws like adorable reading
that bark hmm see that that's a pie
right there I get that it's in the
kitchen it's the guy little thing cut
out of it what's in the that's a that's
an elderly pac-man when I was your age
we had to run from ghosts yeah we eat
pellets to make us strong that make her
music better eh damn hippies we're not
none of that fancy ghost armor for some
reason there's a brand named chocolate
bar in the fridge up already
I see
I want you to know how glad I am have
someone here there's so many old books I
want to share huh I want to show you my
favorite bug hunting spot it's getting
very boring it is it's very dull yeah my
life is dull and it's probably because
of the cancer
it's dull at the part of my brain that
likes likes dopamine I just want to sit
down and read books all day is one of
those things with the cancer ends up
defining you I kind of just want to die
and get it over with
take this pillow I start over you mind
I'm sorry I was in the toriel zone yeah
that's okay well I was trying to riff
with you yeah I know when I did poorly
you did you're getting very important
you're doing it so you're a poor River
rich I made you feel bad about that the
pie hat I'm not going to make me feel
bad about stepping on your line I'm not
gonna scold you because I know you know
your mistake already rich Evans fills
that improv you do you do you're not
you're not good at the yes and yeah
getting other people's space but that's
okay it works for us I guess
come on tonight I'm sorry what what this
this is your home now forever forever
and ever
do you like to hear about this book I'm
reading now it's called 72 uses for
snails how about it how about an
exciting snail effects would you like do
you like to know about snails did you
know that that snails
huh well actually they they have changed
I like tongue called a radula
interesting oh oh oh and I press the
wrong thing it's okay you know what I'm
leaving I'm just gonna leave that Oh
why'd you go downstairs do I really owe
you do is that what you think
look what happened that Turner was
reading Chen she stops me and says I
think you should play upstairs dangerous
decide hey just play here oh really
do-do-do-do we're a kidnap victim here
you'll catch a cold
do-do-do-do-do I don't think it's going
to work I'm just saying if you testing
here you'll catch a cop can we spike her
tea rice or something in the kitchen we
can use no let's just try leaving this
way
she's not really stopping me this way I
think I need to I think I broke off the
the conversation branch we got believing
yep
the cavern conversation friends I press
the wrong button I have to do something
stay here I'll stay right there
peace out Biddy I'm out don't stay out
you wish to know how to return home do
you not a head of a slice the end of the
ruins a one-way exit to the rest of the
underground I'm going to destroy it no
one will ever be able to leave again god
this is just this is just shades of my
grandmother right here this is
disturbing yeah yeah no no I want you to
be safe every human that falls down here
meets the same fate I've seen again and
again they come they leave they die they
leave their shoes in that room so many
shoes did you at least are you wearing
your shoes they died because their foot
gets infected I find their corpse and
there's so many lacerations on their
soles it's like a college dorm bathroom
down there you could fungus if you leave
the ruins a score what can't you I'm
only protecting you
do you understand go to your room she's
not my mother
do not try to stop me this is your final
warning
anybody deeper do you want to leave so
badly
just like the others there's only one
solution to this is our prove yourself
prove to me you're strong enough to
survive oh here we go here we go you
couldn't think of any conversation
topics
toriel is acting aloof
they'll present magical time we don't we
can't fight her right I don't again but
I think eventually we're gonna fix
something so find a spot
oh my god better yep item item item item
hi
ironically talking does not seem to be
the solution to this situation
what talking are you no money
that is right go upstairs already
what would it take for you to learn your
lesson do we fight her
I don't know right
you'd be like oh bitch you didn't it's a
deep breath I said this is not gonna
work oh no I'm gonna die totally
they interact
oh nice
ha
hater we're saying to spare her but no
not yellow is it all right
no it's not yeah
I keep trying to fight her I guess
he sings
then other people are citing them for
spoiling but that didn't seem to do
anything
was a toy do but quite nice you equipped
to a knife
I'm not gonna make it doesn't matter I'm
not gonna make it
I'm more inclined to try spare because
people said it was a spoiler you know
yep
Oh oh yeah yeah it's definitely easier -
okay something has definitely happened
yeah maybe just because your life it's
not fair
it's good
interesting
yeah I'm it like I'm sticking with my
playing off of ji-ji-ji throat Paul
McGregor commentary I marilene
seem too happy having to do this a while
try talking
I think attacking
hard
fighting
I don't like that is that what you're
supposed to do yours don't feed it
fighter but I stick what step Oh
Sparrow Sparrow Sparrow Sparrow we've
been sparing now for like 20 years
I if if the puzzles of this is to spare
her 20 times that's too many times your
hate with the section are you I you know
it's just dialogue at this point I think
it's obvious what's going on this is
really a battle right now right oh sure
but it's just taking too long to get to
the point right we're like right now
it's it's it seems like it's
meaninglessly dragging it out
you grow up in a place like this I fear
for you my child I will put them aside
truly wish to leave the ruins I will not
stop you however when you leave please
do not
hope you understand haha goodbye my
child right goodbye
the final look should let you leave with
2 HP gave me another slice that fucking
pie right used all my items which I may
or may not have been supposed to do will
you kill us out of frustration oh will
you give up entirely on this world the
power to control it i am the prince of
this world's future don't worry my
little monarch my plan isn't regicide
this is so much more interesting thank
you thank you I do a round of applause
for Jack I do I do I do voice work I'm
available for voice work if you I'm
really good at
