Episode 420a
Brutal Doom and BS (Part 1)
November 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdZOQ5palnI
___________________________________________

yep Craven wait we're really streaming
are you sure I am 59 percent sure yay hi
everybody welcome yeah that is on great
welcome welcome
you'll notice an empty chair right here
J will be here later
all right and Ritchie's gonna play
brutal doom because we figured we needed
something a little mindless huh
something a little mindless Wow while we
chatted about things and stuff and me
crafting all that fun stuff
I I did try to find just before we
started shooting I did try to find the
tiny tiny skeleton Oh from from the
Halloween episode of busted ores but I
didn't I couldn't find it so I was
hoping to have a tiny skeleton here to
BJ but there you go
the duo is the doom face right next to
my face I shall guest a doom guy whoa oh
that stupid funny r2d2 humble throws my
controls yeah when it does that my
control stopped working sorry
welcome what let's talk about before
Jacobs rich I hopefully everyone has
seen the man painting on a treadmill if
you guys haven't seen this apparently he
has a twitch channel in which he paints
he live paints every Friday night and
last week he decided to paint a wild
jogging on a treadmill and dick neutral
called in and asked him to paint a
crocodile burn I saw a bit of it I
didn't see the end result I'm not good
no I'm assuming the joke is nothing he
does turns out especially good I think
that's the point it's not about Lucky
Strike so my thoughts on Isaac after
birth I've been enjoying it I played it
a little bit and it's it's binding of
issac with more things so if you are as
someone who has played a lot of binding
of issac like I did it's a welcome treat
new monsters new rooms more stuff to do
in a game you look I I really enjoyed it
so Jaime I'm predisposed to like it
because I already liked it and I this is
just more it's more of the game that I
like oh do you fuckin best games ever
made
we have not played Lakeview cabin 5 yeah
I don't we haven't made it through the
first floor like you Kevin yeah this is
what a stylist I think what is fine I oh
I don't know I have no idea
we need the first tier fun but I don't
like we didn't even beat the first one
we just moved on because we got we got
tired much much like Isaac afterbirth
I'm sure if you liked all the other
issues we have an issue I wish I could
use this another pattern harm pillow
what's that on my shirt oh I'm not sure
you probably can't see because it's very
dark gray this is a shirt for the band
of the blind Sheikh and they're like a
surf rock trio out of Minnesota the
green screen looks weird it might it's
the lighting I wanted that the lights we
have a demo in here this is a dark game
yeah the lights aren't as we normally do
them so rich and I might look a little
different the green scream I like a
little different get fucking Easter
Lakeview cabin 5 is a mix between
Nightmare on Elm Street at Halloween oh
cool oh you guys want to talk about
Supergirl Supergirl is a fucking hot
mess of the show it is really really bad
really really bad you stole the only one
who hates it
I've seen many people really enjoy
Supergirl and I think that's really
weird
exactly exactly it's it's I I don't
understand why people like it so much it
is it's all over the place here's here's
an example because I watched the second
episode you know you can't judge not
every show you can judge by its first
episode right
I need basically I mean I need the
number pad here so I need the microphone
on my way so here's so here's by the way
some mild spoilers for the first and
second episodes Utley so the back story
is that Supergirl is is a preteen when
she leaves Krypton and she's actually
shipped off with kal-el to protect him
but while kal-el makes it to earth Kara
gets trapped in the Phantom Zone and so
you know kal-el comes to earth and
become Superman
all while Kara doesn't age in the
Phantom Zone so then she comes to earth
and Superman already exists and she just
gets to let leader
besides particularly so the second
episode she is kind of like figuring out
what it takes to be a hero and whatnot
and she meets up with her aunt and her
aunt is a bad guy
we know her aunt is a bad guy cuz we see
her aunt be a bad guy but she aunts her
aunt like kryptonian man her Kryptonian
aunt shows up because in the Phantom
Zone the prison that was in the Phantom
Zone also came through when character
it's a okay
her aunt is a bad guy right I think
there's just too many fucking
Kryptonians already there's yo by the
way yeah there's there's three already
at least no there's five already so her
aunt comes back and we know her aunt as
a bad guy but she doesn't know her aunt
is bad guy in fact she remembers her
aunt really finely and she sees her aunt
and she's like what are you doing here
aunt and the aunt is like I got I got
trapped in the prison because I tried to
save Krypton and they didn't believe me
and now I need to save earth will you
help me save earth Supergirl
okay and so what do we know about
Krypton blows up it blows up and Zoe's
you tried to save Krypton and
immediately Supergirl goes I will fight
you what immediately Supergirl says I
will fight you for that yes for no
reason I have to take your word on all
of this right Phantom Zone equals an
axis
anyway so she starts fighting her evil
aunts because her aunt said that she
wanted to save the earth and she did she
wasn't able to save Krypton we already
know where the ant is a bad guy because
we see her be a bad guy but Supergirl
it makes no sense it's not fine that's
fine right you shouldn't it's not a good
show so you shouldn't give a fuck but
it's like it's one of those things where
I was trying to cite a specific example
of why it doesn't make any sense why I
don't like them I don't I just don't
understand why other people like so rich
isn't even explaining that episode right
I first of all Jack you can see me talk
now
so there should be an I can't explain
that I'm so right I haven't seen the
episode but that's what happens in the
episode it doesn't matter I don't think
it's a good show I'm gonna be all done
super great yeah super girls hot she
looks alright fine
the screen is too dark
I'm very sad there's a height difference
between us well I'm not a college man
fixes on the couch I'm on a chair I'm
sitting on different things I'm a little
taller than rich
oh shit like I can't see shit okay well
change the settings get it together you
think it up we'll get up to season three
super girl probably people seem to like
it so probably you know what I've been
crazy getting into while I've been doing
a bunch of special effects work I've
been binge-watching arrow and the flash
and I'm super into both of them now I
don't think that's it that's not very
much difference well that's the
backlight that's not
brightness there you go so the arrow oh
that's much better the arrow the flash
are great the flash in particular and I
don't give a shit about the flash I like
as a superhero
but that's a good show I like that flash
find helpful when you can see what
you're shooting at yes yeah I agree
I thought arrow if that arrow is cheesy
arrow is is really cheesy how can you
avoid cheesy when you're making a show
about a guy who fights crime with a
boner exactly but they they did not
blend the cheese well you know like it
was very cheesy and overly dramatic at
the same time it didn't blend well Jesus
your destiny actually the thing that
helped me get back into the arrow was
watching the flash because you know
they're in the same universe and
actually interact it's quite often the
arrow flash in each other's episodes and
so like the flash nails their tone you
know like they understand that they are
goofy show about a man wearing red
tights
and I think that kind of helps me figure
out the arrows tone or they settle down
a little bit but I've been I've been
super into him super super into err on
flash
does the arrow get better after the
pilot it's the same it's the same it's
not it's not great I here's what I'll
say about the arrow is you get used to
you conform to its particular brand of
cheese
kick that to D spray Eric no arrow is
not a great character and I mean
literally all it is is they're trying to
do Batman
oh no slight spoiler alert coming up for
arrow season 3 the entirety of arrow
season 3 deals with racial Ghul want to
ship him to take over the League of
Shadows League of Assassins what yes
literally an exact yes that's awful yeah
and the first season of the arrow is
about someone trying to take over
Starling city because it's overrun with
poverty by killing all the impoverished
people and starting over from scratch
just like in Batman Begins ok so there
look they've gone beyond trying like
being like a low-grade Batman there
hears like we're gonna take all the
Batman stories and just give them to a
arrow because we don't have a Batman TV
show
I stick with that rather than answers
you get my DC content of corsica a
little bit of Justice League a little
bit of Justice League you know what I
even like The Adventures of Superman the
one in the same universe as Batman the
Animated Series I think that was just
called Superman I thought it was The
Adventures of Superman I got something
else I think that's the 50 show I don't
have you watched a Gotham I watched a
couple episodes of Gotham and didn't ask
it's fine I caught the first half of
season one yeah not in love with I'm not
gonna marry it only the first half in
season one obviously so not not so much
into it that you had to watch more of it
well that was one the season break
happening whatever for no particularly
great reason can you check out the game
indivisible I'm I'm assured I will hear
a man sooner or later what's that team
fortress as one you're talking about
oh that's overwatch first okay we're
talking about DC TV shows Ridge all
right we'll keep on that main first you
mentioned a game and never mind him you
have another game to talk about I was
trying to praying the further the
conversation Jack Oh like I like the
segment I'd like to be some kind of game
and if you're done talking the battle I
saw I said you know do you change the
topic and you get mad at me for
furthering the top ad you change I saw
that is not cool man I saw so not cool
mention that many times and I just
wanted to make sure that they were I was
acknowledging that they said something I
give a shit fuck you and fuck overwatch
tried to help a guy out look at I get
look what I get over watch looks
interesting because we've been playing
with the steam controller all of my
steam controller time has been almost
all that has been spent playing tf2
because I wanted to make sure I didn't
have to like learn a game while learning
the controller yeah and so I've been
I've been playing tf2 with the steam
controller and it's got me really
excited about tf2 and really excited
about overlap that I have not been
playing the beta at all voting that's
not a thing I'm used to and I've been
getting into tf2 a little bit more it
just makes me more excited for over
lunch which is I mean it's not even out
to like spring but for anyone who
doesn't know overwatch is a team based
first-person shooter made by Blizzard
and I'm excited
what you are - Lloyd beets yeah we've
played hotline Miami we play down the
street we uh I really like the first one
and the second one
nothing wrong just not your jam let's
just it's it seemed like it seemed like
a kind of bloated version and file I'm
anyone exactly exactly so I'm not gonna
say it's bad and yeah it's just one of
those hotline Miami one was was unique
a line managers fine
that's all
ah you know what I love Jack what my
mouse oh that's why you're talking about
indivisible we're gonna get two mice in
a second we probably won't be playing it
tonight they keep mentioning it because
there's they have an IndieGoGo campaign
that needs support and so they were
hoping to play it
all right I'm probably not gonna happen
what is it going what is it indivisible
what's the deal I don't know strategy
games and a shooter or is it uh it
talked about a spreadsheet program what
is Ritchie program it's really
interesting game look it up on google it
okay I'm gonna get going it's an RPG so
already already rotates it you might not
know
you take turns hitting the a button to
fight I hate it oh my god well here's
why it's not making its IndieGoGo
campaign their indiegogo goal is 1.5
million for what why is it that much
the and they've made 50 percent of the
girl they have seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars jesus H I don't find a
2d action RPG from this so they need two
million dollars to develop a 2-d game a
2d RPG yeah so million dollars per
dimension is what we're looking at my
god it's not 3d oh my god that's oh
that's a lot of money there's a lot of
money plenty to go go campaign
that's a lot of money
animation is expensive I'm sure sure
still a lot of money I've had a lot of
issues of brutal doom we will do them
out of these soldiers you can rescue
okay
they replace the useless invisibility
Spears Spears with what just dudes with
guns now it's more fun yeah but they
tend to vanish between levels when they
shouldn't I don't know what skullgirls
no idea okay we don't know it's
skullgirls is but apparently it's made
by the same guy that I made skull girls
Oh a that sounds familiar yeah I can't
picture what it is but it sounds
familiar
I've heard that basically just means
that birddog which is useless
information
it's an anime ish fighting game we don't
we
none of these are my shoppers I I only
said so rich you've heard that they are
they have officially they have a new
Star Trek series yeah
do we know any other information I know
a lot people don't like the guy who's
Alex Kurtzman that's all I know did some
work on new Trek and people are
discouraged because of that yeah let's
see that yeah many a new Trek failed a
lot I don't I don't think you could
afford to make a televised version of
nutri though sure they're not gonna go
for over-the-top beautiful-looking
action set-pieces cheaper new characters
talking on TV
I think it's possible that they'd have a
large art budget for 2d games that's
possible twitch plays Pokemon you know
still think that's a lot that's a lot to
ask for crowdfunding yep
smaller think smaller
I swallow your towel and I start gets
our lawyer there's gotta be a mod where
you didn't so swallow your soul right if
not we can make that out right I mean
there has to be
she's
see the information come listen
just a lot fast
it's a lot faster crap coming and I mean
I'm sure quality to the automation it
costs a lot of money you're kind of
advancing there's no way I would can I
tell you the last time
of
what's the cellphone noise yeah what's
that could you be beep oh that's
I'm ringing an animal running out of
ammo noise I'm using this this helmet
log which no J will be coming by shortly
he's going to take up this this little
area here
oh you know what I do that's I didn't
catch up on this week's I will sorry I
didn't see this one but into it that
happens sometimes I was way too busy
binge watching flash and arrow
you're supposed to fish like the most
pirated thing ever Ashe versus the evil
bet I haven't seen that I could only
assume that you would Sneed that
spreading around so I think I think it's
a relatively new audience
talk about the chairs
they're nice the next chair that's right
fine fine next previously recorded we're
filming this week it's gonna be on the
steam controller and I'm hoping to get
it out if we can film early enough maybe
I can you get that out by the weekend
loose ones have been officially released
I know I have no idea okay we have ours
that's a woman's birth soon I think it's
really we are ready to film the episode
we have played enough with it why does
this minor phone keep falling down jack
I don't know her it it won't stay up
it just won't I hate it I hate it
oh fuck you right my face fucking demon
for convening
what you're trying to read yeah
it's you know what it is is it's all
fine
it doesn't sound fun it's all fine
you're not making it sound like
something that's fine I think I've heard
fine that's not fine I think it's fine I
think everything is fine I think
everything is fine
like all of the time or most the time or
whatever what went wrong in what some of
what I don't know when you're acting
strange in the object I'm freaking you
out the coffee is not cooked
my coffee does not kick yet
that is very obsessed as I enjoy coffee
you know professor pun what are your
thoughts on people wanting spoiler this
before maybe it's kind of the nature of
the internet which kind of uh speeds
everything up you know what but Mass
Effect 3 cost me to do that with games
if I know a games gonna be like heavy on
story I'm gonna read up on whether or
not the ending is shit before I get
invested
that's Mass Effect 3 is doing not mine
Thank You Bioware that is Thank You
Bioware you know but it's one of those
things where like behind the scenes
footage used to be a fun treat and
people discover very early that that
could be used to help him market
it's leaking out information but now
that is snowball and so now they're
strategically leaking and stuff and
making sure that they're leaking stuff
on a regular schedule and in order to
release new information about the movie
on a regular schedule they need to give
more and more moving way and smaller
chunks and that's just how it's done
that's just what's happened so the only
people we have to blame for this are
ourselves if you have ever clicked on a
story about breaking down the new poster
for Star Wars and what we think is gonna
happen if you ever like clicked on a on
a web video that was just like two guys
talking about the new Star Wars
about it then you are to blame then you
are to blame for this culture of more
information
speculative information just the
information what I'm saying that's what
I'm saying I know they're gonna drop the
ball before you even invest it which is
what I've started doing since basketball
no but then that ruins it like it's
because then if you are gonna get
invested your to know the end then at
the endings pointless better than
getting sucker-punched this is this guy
all goes back to better to have loved
and lost than never to have loved at all
you got it sometimes you got to let
yourself hurt rich haven't you seen
inside out yeah let's sadness in
sometimes you never didn't experience
massive factory like I did no you don't
know you have no business talking about
it none none leftover beef no though the
Wednesday stream was canceled because I
had some work I needed to get done some
very top secret I was planning on
streaming right up until the very end
and then I needed to get some stuff
okay nothing's ever okay it's all okay
future some certainly knew each other's
here the future is uncertain and the end
is always there but until it comes off
the Alpha I'll be okay till the end
comes and then limits the end is here
then you're definitely fine because your
do your that's the end you don't need to
worry about it
top secret secret Jack work yep better
you find all of them
we do it James manhole you're right we
do owe you an extra string because we
cancelled Wednesday stream we'll get
right on that
battle that'll happen absolutely well
it'll happen if we can make it happen
and if we can why is it something we
can't some streams before yeah this is
nothing new
every canceled stream means that you get
a new picture of this guy's like picks
and pats nothing fits and it's pratense
telegin would prereq ever do an
interview do you mean like the craters
display do you mean like us interviewing
someone else yes or do you mean someone
else interviewing us yes of course we
would if we would have a chance to
interview someone we would nobody would
want to be interviewed and that's that's
not that's just truth you know it's
probably yeah of course we would don't
be silly
that's true too much nuki we are still
waiting for J's no board run of alien
isolation yeah maybe one day Elvis we
did get your package thank you we
appreciate the jumper
although rich rich is unhappy with our
running gangs in general he's made no
secret of this during extremes the chat
enjoys them but I'm sure people in the
chat still haven't gotten sick of it's
like poetry and rhymes so I like our
running days I like our spiky but I like
him we should interview the video
community that would be he would be down
for that I'm sure I'll tell you how that
yeah I don't understand what you're
saying I know I don't speak that
language I'm sure it would be done
through an interpreter or he might be
able to speak English I think that's how
interviews work rich it's like generally
you figure out a way to communicate with
each other like before the interview
starts
we're far too incompetent you should
know us better than that you should know
we're gonna we're gonna fail on that big
film yeah big fella
yeah it would be one of those like oh no
we'll just figure it out as it goes
it'll be fine yeah just get him on the
phone and I've got a bunch of Japanese
I'm gonna sleep is he Japanese no he's
Swiss Swiss oh yeah people know that
he's Swiss that's that's really
interesting see this is the kind of
great information that would come out in
an interview with him you've got you can
say you got it who could we
realistically get in you oh I'm sure we
could get in someone say yeah tim
schafer could we could we snag a tim
schafer
possibly you know how hard is that reach
out to his publicist make a phone call
we could ask things favor could we get
tim schafer I don't know but we can ask
why do you want to I'm just just
wondering what our caliber is a moto
Miyamoto I'm gonna say say no I'm gonna
say probably not when I say probably not
Miyamoto Casey Hudson who's Casey Hudson
he's the guy who and Mass Effect is this
well maybe that'll be a fun one this is
uh would be he'd come in and I'd be like
explain yourself how does it feel to
have ruined something beautiful
look there's named Casey Hudson he
completely I think he's completely
avoiding
since he locked himself in a bomb
shelter yeah
after Mass Effect 3 and he has not come
out to this day all right I have his
name down we'll see if we can get him
we'll see if we can get any of you
people from the order 1886 yeah I think
that's one of those things where you
know we would set up that interview and
then they might look into us and see
that interview and then cancel so coming
into jag-offs do you suppose they would
be how pretentious are the creators of
onc I I wouldn't see it like that
everything I've seen about them
interview wise came out before the game
is released and you know then then
you're in marketing mode and you kind of
have to talk nice about the project I
think there's a just having creative
that in the first place
how big how big how pretentious do you
suppose they are they might there's a
possibility I would also give the
possibility of that they completely
understand what they made wasn't good
and you know had a couple deadlines and
had some expectations from Sony whether
or not they be whether or not they'd be
able to talk about that in an interview
is a whole nother thing cos you know
they have their own relationships and
businesses - you've never got a candid
interview oh no oh god no not unless
they've made a separate game for a
separate company that was big and they
could trash the Sony well their career
was just over already exactly nothing to
lose like you know they're on their
camel farm or whatever it is and or corn
farm you know camel horn it's just the
first thing I thought or their their
lobster farm maybe they learnt a lobster
farm is do you is there such a thing as
a lobster farm do we need to get a
lobster
anyway how do you get long like I know
it comes from the sea but do you call it
a lobster for this farm race like fish
yeah
I can only assume this farm-raised
lobster yes both lobster probably easy
enough to catch that they don't need a
farm just put a cage in the water and
you lift the cage up and there's like
eight thousand lobsters in the ecology
the area in which you keep all of your
lobster cages oh my god oh my god
nothing miss moving the mic is that
called a lobster farm no or is it just
called the overstretching wild saucers
no it's not it's just the oceans called
the urgent I don't know anything about
lobster farming what you do MS this and
the original well it's the original with
my mom's look up and down in this first
if the original 10,000 and they added
any new animations and gore all sorts of
Shannon's Oh Andy Games team Anthony
dance
thank you okay I should I show worn a
green t-shirt you are it would have been
hilarious it would have been hilarious
as it is now I just look like a thug
because I'm wearing the stocking cap you
know it's cold out well I'm yeah that's
the thing is I put it on because it was
cold out yeah I have to continue wearing
it cuz my hair is fucked up from wearing
it it's a whole problem jack this is so
cool
I have an entire like a similar but very
different problem where if I wear a knit
cap I get the cap lines out of my bald
head but those go away pretty quick when
you weren't stocking cap for too long
and your hair's fucked up it's just
fucked up
yeah it doesn't go back man which means
I'm wearing this for the next six months
yeah you can diminish the effects of it
it is that cold in Milwaukee was like
enough 30 it was chilly yeah so before I
got here was there just a big empty
space yeah okay we didn't want to have
to deal with like I'm gonna just that or
having to adjust the camera I tried to
find it for the tiny scale
rich I think you cleaned up one all
right you know what I probably put it in
with him one of those bins okay I got to
take that home with me because that's my
personal tiny oh my god I did not it's
not a studio prop and I wanted to get
one anyway and it was just advantageous
that it was around Halloween time where
you could easily get one sure I just
decided one day that I didn't have one
and I needed one needed they have great
skeletons at Walmart it's full size
articulated skeleton oh sure they do
they still happen they might have on
clearance I have minor eight clearance
they were it was it but it was it was
like 20 bucks this is relatively cheap
maybe I'll check that out like they had
no good skeletons at the Halloween
stores oh yeah
although yeah sometime they have like
certain things that are really great and
then other things that are no good yep
and then we just happened to like hop
into Walmart for something else and just
sit in there was a perfect skeleton
that's great great it was great I'm
going through October withdrawals when
you walk around the neighborhoods and
there's still those couple sad houses
that haven't taken down their
decorations and you're just like oh this
is a good time oh my god yeah that's not
a good place to stand buddy let's kick
him off of there we had a pretty bum
Halloween our trick-or-treat day the
31st on Halloween it was cold and yeah
and usually we get hungry
and so yeah is that a friend's house in
Bayview that usually gets lots of
treaters and then get early anything
yeah we so now we just have bags and
bags of candy which is terrible
oh that's awful oh all this candy yes
that's terrible when you try not when
you try very hard not to eat candy it
does not help if you are surrounded by
candy
mmm-hmm because then it's just we gotta
eat it that's like I always buy for the
studio every year I'd buy the the
monster cereals then psycho they're here
and I gotta keep eating it
right the only time of the year I eat
cereal yeah Franken berries like
strawberry Boo Berry is blueberry and
then Count Chocula I don't know what the
difference between Franken berry and
like fruit brood is maybe fruit brutes
like a mixed one but that doesn't come
out every year anyway that's a rare one
there's also a yummy mummy what those
are the what ever spend yummy mummy and
food I am so idea branding I don't know
if I've ever had either because there's
the three staples that they do every
year and then every once in a while
though re-release like fruit burger
yummy mommy I've never even heard of
those that's alright that's yeah they're
not that common no I want some
now you don't cuz mummy suck oh I hate
mummies they're the worst monsters they
just haven't been done hey no we're
gonna reinvent the mummy some way that's
what I make mummies cool mummies just
haven't gotten there they're there
remain respected yes
which someday we'll get to work on some
day some filmmaker will come along with
the right filmmaker yes and make mummies
cool yes as it stands right now
mummy suck pretty much they're the
lamest they made an attempt to reinvent
the moment well then they started they
made a movie star Brandon crazy and they
basically made an Indiana Jones movie
exactly
without Indiana Jones and with mommy's
one of like Kaufman's books the head of
Troma he described mummies as that kid
in high school that you steal his
glasses and throw them over his head to
your friends that's what a mom he is a
slow lumbering and worthless monster
I don't feel bad didn't feel I feel bad
for mother they're a hard-working
monster they're out there
cursing people maybe I don't know a
mommy big comfortable and they just
shuffle around they suck but they curse
you
that's the mummies the Mummy's hurt yeah
what am i more terrified of a curse or
getting my fucking head bitten off
they're too weak though they they walk
slowly up to you and you just run away
they're slow but I think they are
supposed to be strong I think mummy
strength they're slow it doesn't matter
you just run away
it's like Chucky Chuck he's coming
towards you you just kick him right
here's the time you don't he's a tiny
doll man just kick him Jackie's better
than monkeys though I think we can all
agree with that yeah
Chucky has some personalities yes
mummies that I think maybe that's the
thing honey black person
thing curvature you know curse is so
it's out I guess I have bad luck oh is
that it
I think so that's the Mummy's curse is
the mummy mommy ever catches up with you
it'll kill you all right I'll just run
away every time you see him cuz he
shuffles slowly
that's the Mummy's curse I think it is
mummy versus zombie they're basically
the same I know they are zombies what
mummy versus one side versus one zombie
The Mummy wins the scary thing about
zombies though is that they can gang up
on you right and that they might be
relatives of yours which is
psychologically terrifying
they resemble
yes yeah they're they're they're people
they were people be loss of humanity
friendly fire
hi Colin yes that Warcraft movie does
look terrible because a Warcraft movie
making a full you know realistic-looking
humans cuz they're humans and oh so it's
animated and no no no I mean live-action
people but the the orcs they kind of
look like straight out of the video game
cartoony
proportion like all goofy is this like a
like a big theatrical release yep I
haven't even heard of vegetarian
Universal Pictures who's directing some
nobody
let me is it Steven summers the director
of The Mummy with Brendan Fraser because
that wouldn't surprise me that sounds
like a movie he would make what it what
it looks like is if I were a fan of the
World of Warcraft it looks like a movie
Oh Duncan Duncan Jones the name sounds
familiar
moon oh no moon is a great movie well no
he's getting paid that's good I guess
Hey all right I haven't seen the trailer
so I can't really comment I guess but it
was grown as a is a fantastic movie look
at you guys breathe
you know what else is a fantastic movie
it's a little thing I just saw called
the Shawshank Redemption
you heard of it
have you heard of that film how awesome
Jay it's a great movie great it's a
great movie that I knew it was gonna be
a great movie which is why I wasn't so
like I haven't seen them I hadn't seen
the movie but I had basically seen the
movie just through pop culture osmosis
of course but it's a testament to how
good the movie is that well that but
that I didn't care what they knew what
was gonna exactly like the writing and
the performance especially are so strong
like you want to get to the end
there's the big reveal what Tim Robbins
has been up to which I already knew it
was still incredibly satisfying and even
the voiceover like I don't like
voiceover narration in too many movies
but it works so great in that because
Tim Robbins is basically the main
character but it's through the point of
view of the Morgan Freeman character
like it's great right Fred yeah when it
started the cinematography reminded me a
lot of but I shit you not Alex Kurtzman
is making a money movie what hold on oh
it looks Kurtzman the guy who lets Frank
Darabont yeah I'll shank redemption Dan
Alex Kurtzman right The Walking Dead
comic no leopards Munro de Walking Dead
Kirkman Kirkman
Oh Alex Kurtzman from Kurtzman and orky
that's terrible yeah walking dad you
think I understand that oh my god I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry Frank Terrebonne yeah
the the look of the Shawshank Redemption
- reminded me a lot of a Coen Brothers
movie which made sense because then I
found out the cinematographer so yes now
I can say I've seen the Shawshank
Redemption I can say it's great so bet
you got you got busy living I got busy
living and you didn't get I did not get
busy dying that's great
congratulations thank you I consider
this a big accomplishment let me know
people don't have to annoy me when
you've never seen the Shawshank
Redemption
it's one of those things that we're now
that you've seen it you understand why
we were all confused
I understood before that's the thing I
know it's a great movie without seeing
it because I know everything about it
cuz everybody told me of everything
about right thank somebody continually
turning down a million dollars why I
will say I will say they're sure it's
fine a million dollars as far as great
ten years ago so it's that one that let
like I connected with personally all
that much it's a little schmaltzy er
though I mean it's it's a good kind of
schmaltz not bad but the day before that
I had rewatched Dog Day Afternoon with
Al Pacino which that's my type of movie
as far as like classics go or just feel
so grounded and real and that's the kind
of thing that I am interested in more
than sort of heightened emotion schmaltz
so I understand it's a great movie I
liked it a lot
no no it's not human misery I actually
fit Dog Day Afternoon penny and it's
pretty miserable but it's not just that
it's just the tone of like where things
are more grounded and realistic as
what's my way Oh God there was a thing
blocking me but that's not to take away
from how great Shawshank Redemption is
right a different kind it's a great
movie everyone's gonna say Jay hates
Shawshank Redemption they're saying it
already of course of course
no just great performances all around
Clancy Brown William Sadler Grim Reaper
from Dylan's Heather's before his
journeys of course in that movie he's
one of the inmates with the slight
stutter yes yep
you might not recognize him because he's
not wearing pancake makeup and black
under his that's the only way I reckon
the one character he's the main bad guy
and I heard - William Sadler is great
wrong is he he's the president in Iron
Man 3 the Vice the Vice President is
Miguel Ferrer that's right the president
is William Sadler oh yeah it so you know
what him with hair he's he's been he's
been in ever he's like one of those guys
they're like oh it's that guy hey now
that you say that I can picture what he
looks like without looking like he's in
the mist which is also Frank Darabont so
that's not surprising
I love William Sadler he's great he's
the lead I don't know if he plays the
lead very often but he's the lead and
the Tales from the Crypt film demon
Knight he's very good in that she
believed yeah
he's the lead well he starts us the lead
and then Jada Pinkett Smith kind of
takes over as the lead yeah but he
starts the movie as the lead I think
that was Billy Zane he was though he's
the bad guy oh man he's chewing the
scenery in that movie it's so great I
mean well especially that Billy Zane
this buzzing yeah that's what don't mess
with my friend Billy Zane he's a cool
dude
Billy Zane only because one of the few
movies we have done I don't think I've
ever seen the Phantom we have to see oh
man
I'm sure it's great purple spandex Urkel
spandex that's what you did with your
superhero costumes back then you needed
spandex so we'll make say things that
would listen that was part of the that
was part of the the early years of
superheroes the awkward years yeah yeah
shadow Alec Baldwin was that that was
post Batman shadow post Tim Burton
Batman so there's really no excuse well
sure but I mean the costume is great
it's not just like cheap spandex sure
the Phantom in a shadow have blended in
my head to make a dark man yes well dark
man's great though yeah dark man is
great in its own right yeah have you
guys talked about ash vs. Evil Dead I
haven't seen oh I watched episode 2 yeah
it's great I was little I was worried
the show was great by the way
well honey one was wondering what I
thought of it it's great we're all
surprised to hear this perfect yeah
they're not gonna stop you from talking
about ash versus the evil yeah yeah my
concern was though after the for it cuz
the first episode Sam Raimi directed I
was worried there'd be like a pretty
traumatic downgrade in quality as far as
like the visuals cuz he's such a visual
filmmakers yeah the cameras constantly
doing weird shit I love that scene on
the first episode where it's lit solely
by the flashlight spinning on the ground
that's like classic evil dad Sam Raimi's
yep so I was concerned about that that
like maybe the other episode you looked
cheaper or you are a generic looking
good that second episode yeah it lives
up with the first one yeah like I was
really excited to hand over to have him
hand over the reins to someone Jackson
Highway I wouldn't say I was excited I
was hesitant I was very hesitant I I
love people dead and I I worried after
like I loved the first episode for
tonight we talked about this the first
episode putting that out there cuz I
know you're already typing you're a
typing Jack hates Evil Dead love you
then but the first episode was a little
referencing I would say it was just the
right amount it it was enough with that
gut you got me worried about the rest of
it okay and so then like handing off the
reins to another director mence we might
get a fresher
I don't excited yes I develop there's
one pretty big referenced evil ed two in
the second episode but that's about it
the majority the episode is just the
most Awkward dinner scene ever it's so
great to a USB hub keeps moving every
once in a while moves yeah turns his
head for no reason reason we found a way
to mute it so doesn't default okay but
it's why would you want to
why not
start living jacks I gotta get busy
gotta get busy livin I gotta get busy
livin you're right
you're absolutely right Wow so you have
stars now alright you can watch how you
do it
