Episode 422
FTLs and Steam Controllers (Part 1)
November 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtmwJecYHVI
___________________________________________

I just took gonna like and I don't even
know if I put it in the refrigerator
because it's like oh I don't know how
long this egg has been out I'm just that
kind of meek nerd where it's like okay I
have an egg now what what ship does
everybody want you got the Kestrel yeah
a beers loj on the steam version a or b
the taurus the osprey a or b the
adjudicator whew that's interesting the
Gila monster man of war the nacelle with
a Phoebe you're see the the crows the
brevis I've you know what I've actually
never seen the crystal ship be played
what is the channel is it cool that they
all want the dick the dick ship the
dickship they want the dickship oh then
they're saying man I'm seeing a couple
man of war what is like what is the
crystal ship Scott special crystal
weaponry okay
there they have some shield piercing
properties okay yeah other people are
agreeing with me that they want to see
the crystal ship is it like do you not
wanna is there is it bad to play as a
Christian I don't I don't really you
know I don't I'd like to avoid ones
we've streamed a lot yeah we think I
play the Castro like all the time right
and then I more often know as often
almost I play the Osprey well let's do
the crystal ship yeah
something new something weird and look
you get little crystal monsters and what
are your monsters do they can keep them
out of the healing nice cool the medbay
plane normal and we need to rename some
people okay why don't we how we how we
doing this so so who is this is this is
gonna be our who is he in the engineer I
see the pilot we can usually actually
humans pilot usually because they stay
all the time and the piloting it not to
worry about the special properties right
piloting and engineering or something or
they're gonna stick around okay so if if
he's gonna be the pilot for the first
person to say I'm a pilot the first
person who says I'm a pilot gets to be
named as a pilot
there we go I'm a pirate
the real Quaid so just me equates a good
question how do you type Oh open
keyboard
oh and I got to do the weird ass steve-o
you know what we didn't even talk about
the weird ass typing on the controller I
think for the most part of something you
can ignore yeah okay don't go back where
does it go back look at this huh it goes
back yeah because your thumb has to stay
there it's moving away slowly
well that's cuz your thumb is moving
slowly why doesn't it just why doesn't
have to go back huh why did why does it
have to go back doesn't make any sense
no for faster typing and so like you're
not starting at a point and then like
moving to another point this it makes
sense I just don't care for it Quade
okay what's your UA ID oh you guys can
see rich typing yeah it's pretty
pathetic okay so the junior Omega
engineer say I'm giving her all she's
gotten whoever says I'm giving her all
she's gotten gets to be the engineer are
you guys I tricked you you thought I was
gonna say let's see here I'm giving her
a future future J is the first to say
I'm giving her all she's got
you know what how about this how about F
future J because that you can't fit
future future J in there so f dot G
future James just future J but this is
future future JIT well because there's
yeah there's future J and then there's
future futures there is there are other
two future J's yeah really
well oh no I mean in the in the half in
the bag new storyline so by calling him
just future J you're actually like
you're you're disrespecting so how about
F dot future J sorry all right all the
way back to the beginning again okay I
just want to go back cuz I just want to
go back I want to leave it I wanna can't
see that I want to leave the cursor you
can see can see there oh that's such a
shame
they can't see your keyboard there's
something we didn't talk about and could
you possibly type what we need to type
in a chat to account for lag maybe but
then you can just copy paste
F future day perfect okay now we got
home let's say a trivia question
Oh trivia question who do I think is the
most beautiful one and all of a
Hollywood ever of all time oh I know the
answer to this yes everyone should
everyone should shock MA nice if they
don't have a pizza roll you have to know
this you have to pay attention to what I
say yep and someone typed it in all caps
so they know ready for it and all right
POTUS POTUS phht is POTUS get to right
it's Jennifer Connelly rich riches pants
tighten when thinking about Jennifer
Connelly this is true pa paa pa a - a
yep okay HT yes Jennifer Connelly an
incredibly inconceivably attractive
woman hey I'm pretty good actress yes
she can say those lines that people give
her to say it's a pretty nice
mr. glyphs you could have done without
the mental image of Rich's pants
tightening in the crotch area that's
weird I thought everyone would enjoy
that
just think of Jennifer Connelly and just
think about you know alright so next 6
next name well now you gotta give him
another trivia question what do you know
that I did the fur I did the human eye I
did that I did the Jennifer Connelly
it's a good Jennifer Connelly yeah but I
did two humans I don't have a question
for you whoever think of a question
first I think you just sitting there
well I can't think of anything huh
whoever did you say whoever asked the
first question that's I'm an idiot he
asked a question phasers to full that's
a question question that's that's what
you said this is good I'm an idiot I'm
very confused because I don't ok
whatever it's all fine that we're coming
up with another trivia question I'm very
very lost oh I'm I'm an idiot I I was
taking it to a little
I was taking you to a literal point
where you said Oh
someone think of a question and so then
it was whoever thought of a question got
to be named okay you get it it's fine
rich kids you know give a shit we're
starting the game finally it's great
seventeen hours spin it's been a while
booster so what does anything it's from
something there's quickies to ad grade
but how do I take that's the question I
don't know
that's doors Oh Tiberius Kirk that was a
good trivia question
that was a good listen I I wanted to get
going and so I I wanted us to move a
little faster than we were moving but
that was that will we'll save that in
the trivia question brain Bank you know
what I'm saying I've tapped my head you
guys can't see me down my head because
we don't have a camera rich is figuring
out how to play the game with the steam
controller
gotta figure out what all about in soon
howdy pause
that's the important thing okay that's
the most everything else I can do just
like as a mouse right quickie setup for
the engines okay
I'm saying the distress go go for it the
crystal ship saves all greetings
greetings it is so good to see you
we've ran out of fuel and floating out
here for weeks we were terrified a
pirate or those damn rebels would find
us first good you smell some fuel give
them fuel
yeah you feel one of them we give them
food
thank you perhaps us payments out
engineer can try to optimize you have to
reactor output your slug voice is weird
oh we got a reactor point that's nice oh
yeah yeah yeah we are from France
we are from France
all right down and then over to the
nebula you think down yeah you might be
able to hit a couple well does this down
lead to the nebula no okay yeah down hit
a couple down there and head to the Navy
on them
you Smarties smart you smart a small
rebel pit nearby it seems to have been
we're gonna get that for transport
rather than combat does not seem to want
to engage you and your ship yeah fuck
them rebels them parents secure their
cargo by force fuck yeah oh shit there's
the other stars I'm trying to escape all
those dickheads oh we got some slow
charging the shit how's that how's that
steam controller working for you yeah is
that are you enjoying the comfort of
your couch with it with with a mouse a
log if only I had a board if only you
had just a flat surface next year
oh my I didn't see that did you you know
a lot of people like tweeted at me the
Mystery Science Theater 3000 started up
a Kickstarter yeah for a new series or
something oh good good for them in their
fins yep
like I've said about mr. sinister I have
absolutely nothing against them but I
mean I'm gonna laugh at a bad movie like
like it's been since I was young since I
was in high school it's gonna be with
with my friends it's gonna be with my
yeah I don't need I don't need mr. Issa
as the service I'm just have no use for
yeah I I've seen maybe two episodes of
Mystery Science Theater and I enjoyed
him well I always got upset when they
would make the jokes for the movies just
because I wanted to watch the movie I'm
sure it's a fun show I'm an adult's I
was fully capable of making his own
jokes this is the thing we can't we
that's what we kind of do we kind of
make our own jokes
oh no no yeah you got to go back I mean
go back and then hit the store yeah yeah
I was worrying if I could go to the
distress than the store and then here I
want her to that would reach okay so
you're more likely to find goodies that
are distressed than the art nothing oh
okay this could be nothing
yeah we do Oh bother that might be
Rich's Christmas present no I mean I
just don't watch or care about Mystery
Science Theater 3000 I know isn't one of
them one of them is from the area is
like from Wisconsin thanks so Col I
think so I don't know one of the
original creators of Mystery Science
Theater 3000 is from Wisconsin so
something about living in Wisconsin
means that we are bored enough to make
fun of bad movies I did then did you Wow
there you go
also Illinois sorry Oh Mike was from
Wisconsin no Joel was from Minnesota no
Mike Mike from Mystery Science Theater
there oh they're both from a doughnut
it doesn't matter I wish them all the
best I'm sure they're good guys maybe I
don't know or maybe there aren't good
guys sure they're fighting I'm sure
they're fine people
I assume everyone's fired
yeah yeah three fuel you only have nine
feel right now
is the world big enough for our lemon
Mystery Science Theater yes of course it
is
don't be silly the tire like three
episodes to write is expensive the three
exits said expensive out anymore number
three expensive for fuels I'm not
average no threes cheap for fuel isn't
it in one say it's cheap I forget though
what's on page two today we only have 28
Rockville before it's a good of a
Heather okay but I'll make you pine for
it I could hand in what if they had a
sale rich what if they had like a sale
on fun flat cannon don't think they do
that they have sales all the time on fly
cannons all right oh my god you find the
source of a distress call on a research
station for a small laboratory fire got
out of control and it's threatening
those monsters their fire suppression
system is not responding did we help
these peels and how do we help them you
know I usually I usually go with doc
because you know your ship might get
hurt a little bit but usually can get a
survivor or you don't lose somebody like
you do we might you might lose somebody
who sent a who I thought that crystal
people were ancestors of the rock people
so there would be a special thing in
here then right
it's doc doc hey wait we got a guy nice
all right who wants to be a robot man
from Mars I'm just gonna say it's from
Mars I've arbitrarily decided that okay
so whoever whoever says I'm from Mars
gets to be the robot man from Mars bill
Tetley's from Mars bill
Tetley get to that spacebar you can do
it you can do it there you go
typing is a chore using the steam
controller it just is no that's just why
there's not an ey ring huh ey it is he
went it is the UI and yeah good old
built Italy you know who's gonna man our
weapons
it's always nice to have someone on
weapons get that aim up first so guys if
we ever got a transporter come on
transport sure duty I don't want to
stick him in sensors for now it's always
nice to have it as an external sensors
oh my god we will not play a text
adventure with the steam controller
future future J if we did though we
would we would do like just to monitor
capture so you could see how awful the
typing is but no the answer is no power
to shut down our engines we have to
fight these guys I just shut down one
tick that's fine you got a little bit
I'm worried about that they automated
the drone yeah that's fine that's fine
you got this
I got they're gonna know that you know
it looks like they're gonna hack your
medbay
it's not gonna yeah they never know what
to hack they should have had to plan it
like Angelina Jolie all that timing
worked out perfectly
what
what do you think I know I'm a nubian
what what Billy Zane we don't have a
face cam because sorry rich didn't set
it up and I was gone Mike I mean we
probably plug in it now if we plugged it
in now we'd have to stop the screen
again so we're gonna with listen we like
the face cam to the crystal ship is
beast until you start getting ships with
with more than one or two shields and
then you're not piercing the shield's
anymore and you're fucked Road horrible
wants to know if we'll ever start doing
twitch donations possibly yeah I'll look
into that like you know what's the
twitch donation people feel like if they
can just give us more money
why aren't we doing well I wasn't you
know I I didn't do it initially because
I wasn't sure how this would pan out you
know I wasn't sure how long we'd be
doing it let me set Matt up tomorrow so
we'll be setting that up tomorrow
apparently uh uh yeah I'll look into
that we've been doing this long enough
where I feel like I can I could handle
that and then usually like there you
know you can get something like pop up
on screen if you donate over a certain
amount of money and so a lot of people
like to be Schmucks
yeah I'd say awful things but me and
they give you money to steam control
power monstrosity that's right mr.
glitches is gonna be a special stream
tomorrow once we figure out donations
and then there'll be another stream the
day after tomorrow boss dreams mud
donations
well that's the thing like i-i-i never
really worried about the donations
because like you know we have the
subscription thing and to me that's a
nice simple business transaction
you know I give it as much money yeah
you make with the funny a couple times a
week you go boom
let's simple business but you know
donations can be fun you know especially
like if you're like for someone who
doesn't feel like subscribing or wait
there even what the fuck do we not have
what the fuck's running that rich you
started the stream let me check the shit
babe I never disabled them
oh my god they got turned off at some
point no apparently not turn back on
well there you go they're back then what
the fucks are back
what the fuck's our back why would we in
turn those off ever I have just no idea
Ridge
and I just just have no idea in any case
you will get thanked at some point
actually because they didn't because
they didn't get their their what the
fuck let's do it now sure
I'm suing that everybody hangs around to
the end of the stream yes okay let's see
here we stopped at striker Perkins
pancake house I'm an idiot
huggy snuggle I see why I see why that's
your name now and so one of us can say
I'm an idiot
zette arene cracker man 5 to 6 I'm an
idiot it's easy easy
befo Potamus has subscribed for the past
six team moons
my name is tape buttermilk biscuits day
for quarters
what kind of quarters I don't know sefa
ran just like just like somebody's like
leia and part of their bucks a quarter
that's quarter that's a quarter of a
person like a quarter of a sandwich yeah
it looks like a nice ham and switch okay
for that just little nibs little nibs on
that Sam they did great
Saphir and I said did you yeah I still
hung up on the quarters thing what's a
quarter of a person and how does that
relate to a person being gay for it
right like I only like I'm only sexually
attracted to one leg and so like part of
the human body is this like a Jeffrey
Dahmer thing
maybe we're subscribing we really
appreciate it
nice it's true we do we really do
appreciate it
you're strange usernames and all oh my
god that's great modern technology book
modern technology which I never think to
use when I stream because I'm in war on
thank you essentially I'm a glorified
moron thank you beefcake for making us
the plaque sure it helps out because we
use it all the time
how can you get to the exit okay that
leads to the exit up here and you might
be able to swivel down and up into the
exit see I think here and then okay okay
great
as I said it's nothing personal but
we're under orders
rubble ships weapons go hot you see it's
just business
I'm in the business of hunting where we
Empire we're the invited Imperial scum
good I sure thought i targeted I guess I
felt the target pogrom well is it's not
hey are you using the mouse oh my god
just my brain went to the mouse because
it's so much easier to use
is it this is a sneak peek here you take
this away from me because apparently I'm
going to do that oh my god you know what
my weapons guy is not a sneak peek at a
steam controller review I tried I tried
I tried
that's that's it that's the moral of the
story is you know trying is good
it's a shame you'll you never get
stormtroopers and orbital laser
satellites in FTL just some more events
more options more some more more
justjust another expansion yeah you know
I was like offers of cool I'll take that
yeah I mean now you're getting close to
20 fuel so you can you know start
murdering people again we're on a dip
yeah like that's what I want I wanna I
want diplomatic options I want like
puzzle-solving
you know like you have to figure out how
to talk to people in order to solve your
problems and then maybe you can get like
you know maybe maybe that's like harder
to do at first but if you're making a
friends in the first sector they come
back in like the third or fourth sector
and help you out sure sure
that'd be neat I've always thought FTL
needed a pacifist option yeah I agree
there should be a way to get past the
end boss with with diplomacy you if you
made enough friends along the way they'd
take the ship out for you oh I like that
yeah or you like you made really good
relations with like the soul tans or the
peaceful ones maybe they just broke her
a galaxy-wide peace treaty at the end
something like that right cuz I always
wanted to do a pacifist run but no you
can't win the game the boss is going to
murder you yeah yeah yeah oh you know
what I haven't been but yes that does
sound a lot like undertale that's
something I really enjoyed about
undertale you know how you are
encouraged not to hurt anyone alright in
advance to rebel automated ship remains
stationed near a small rebel state Space
Station however without functioning
sensors it is impossible to tell what is
inside
oh fuck yeah attack this shift to get to
the station man was this ship gonna do
nothing
look at this bullshit ship any we got no
shields fuck yeah I kind of love them
nothing about my band just went to the
house yeah because it's far better tool
for the job yeah the real net boy says I
live two hours away from Milwaukee
Wisconsin I'm going to get in my Lexus
and make these guys start the stream we
started the stream we appear to be
streaming at the very at this moment but
whatever I don't know what's what's bad
jokes and what's weird you know
sometimes you miss like in chat in jokes
and then it's like you know then we're
just we were joking about starting
straight it's a whole thing man yeah I
feel dumb that's something we can sell
yep
well donor up both work Donna donor up
oh I don't think you can make it up and
down well I mean that down or oh yeah
cross me WR down right right next to the
nebula right next to the nebula yeah
baby jump
yeah that's look at me look at me I've
tried it oh the precision the precision
unidentified ship was badly damaged and
still being assaulted by a space pirate
victim begins a distress message until
the pirate cuts in and offers to split
the bounty if you sit tight yes yeah
what oh I'll give you nine scrap fuck
you man you know talking about let me be
like 20 scrap hey I want to know what
we're gonna do when now
the shields are good not crazy then
we're fucked
we need so what's what's the deal with
your crystal bombs they can they can
pierced I forget which one or two
shields I think I might just be one okay
but they take a long time to charge that
is that they thing well they're kind of
useless if the ship has more shields
than you can pierce I'm gonna need
another weapon right right yeah yeah we
will all right fine our previous however
was not generous enough let's improve it
six fuel to rope two drones nine scrap
fuck them fuck them fuck that were the
heroes who's gonna save that other ship
no matter what the other ship might have
something better than that they usually
don't they usually don't healthy you
know a sick feel is nice but you know
fuck that we got we have plenty of fuel
right now we're gonna be a hero
maybe the ship has something better
offer and nine scrap I'm not gonna sweat
over nine spread see what I want is more
intensive incentive to take the passage
yeah I'd be great that's what I would do
what her net tails that's one major
change
if I had to pick a favorite brewery what
would it be a favorite Milwaukee brewery
or any brewery Milwaukee Brewer I really
enjoy MKE brewing horse crap no no let's
do the math let's do the math right yeah
to drum parts yeah nine scrap and six
fuel so zero was three each yeah yeah
but we have fuel and we don't have any
drones much yeah that's what I'm gonna
say man oh we don't you know what we dig
in 1600 about the same okay to buy the
fuel though all right can I say rural
brewery yeah I just did I really enjoy
MKE brewing that's that's usually kind
of like my go-to I'm not sure what to
drink someone sent me some chestnut
brewing beer that I've really enjoyed
and is nowhere in Milwaukee and so I
might just be remembering it better than
it actually is
a chestnut brewing is very very tasty
beer
does Jack have utter milking skills it's
I have done it before I have milked a
cow before it has been that's totally
ridiculous right it's it's been a while
since I've milked a cow so can I say
rural juror yes of course I can
burl juror role during a rural juror
juror thoughts on the recently announced
Star Trek series how that last Star Trek
series work out for everyone but you're
on the basis of enterprise mom you know
what Voyager really teetered out towards
the end yeah but we're talking about
different people in church sure I think
it's a different thing now but this is
what I'm saying is Voyager tear down at
the end Enterprise was enterprise and
and we haven't had much since then
besides the movies so
yeah that's right it the real quick I'm
not the one that flubs words usually
it's rich well people are just asking me
to say tongue twisters oh and someone
image as remind even that I'm not
usually in a case I don't know anything
about the Star Trek show rich excited
not care I want to hear more first see
what are you going with it yeah people
don't have much confidence and the
people in charge yeah but what can you
do you can't do anything about that
master jiggy lag 35 says rich Jack I've
been trying to get into Batman the
Animated Series thanks to you guys
but it seems to villain of the week for
me to actually get into it here you're
watching episodes from a later season
that's what you're doing first season
first first number of episodes it's
really good interesting episodes it and
then and then later on Fox the network
said well we want us all tours can you
sit Robin and it's like I like the Joker
in there no no no if I remember
correctly even season one had films of
the week but also this is Batman the
Animated Series it was something
targeted towards children I think you
need to skew your expectations slightly
and just be comfortable with villain of
the week there were some good episodes
but it's also a cartoon show with Batman
and villains so you're gonna get the
episode with a guy who had the
invisibility suit but he was you know
sounds villain of the wiki but he was
using it to like visit his son and
pretend to be his imaginary friend as he
didn't have custody they did some neat
things on Batman tests well absolutely
mob boss will his brother who was a
preacher and Batman was working with the
preacher brother to try and convert the
mob boss to turn in
mob pals are the one where any anything
with Rupert thorne who was just a great
villain he wasn't he wasn't a super
criminal he was just a mob boss the one
where Bruce Wayne loses his memory and
gets kidnapped and becomes a slave
laborer yes there are some very not
villain of the week episodes of Batman
tez yeah yeah there really are and you
know but there are also villains because
it's a Batman show just keep watching I
guess is the moral of the story cuz
there's some other do some research on
what people think the great episodes are
all right inside the nebula detective
Rome planning drifting through space on
its surface a huge monolith invisible
the distance into the naked eye a Zoltan
elder hell's you from the planet through
what content you have discovered the
great I look into its depths and receive
your just desserts
I know this one this one would be
neither go really good or really bad
okay and here he's the Sultan well
what's the Zoltan are there the green
people agree the green people and in the
coming times when the monolith speaks
not with a man he has no future and must
be left
pappas Matheson's why does rich say he
doesn't care for anime but then loves
Batman the Animated Series oh I think
somebody doesn't understand what anime
is it's not just animated anime is
something a little a little bit more
specific stylistically and I'm sure and
there are exceptions to the anime rule
by gazoo zone of the enders series yeah
hi Dolores actually really like that
yeah
I'm sure rich also enjoys like animated
shows like Rick and Morty he is talking
very highly about that it's just the the
general like sci-fi we're
Asian anime that that he we don't
usually get it to do it's not oh yes
fight oh alright well that's not the
really bad or good part yet I think this
is just the test okay yeah this is the
thing with with anime nerds is like
basically what all we're doing is
talking about cartoons ever that's
everything that's all anime is cartoons
right and so the genre is what matters
do you like you know everyone likes
Cowboy Bebop
sure everyone likes I'm in the animated
series and I won't accept anything other
than everyone likes Batman and cowboy
bebop cover me about fun
just cuz they you know you don't watch
the the ones with the the girls and the
giant swords so you know is that one I
don't know I assume there's one with
girls and giant swords is there one with
girls and Giants would you know what
looks really good you know what looks
really fun I picked this up at the comic
book store the other day and they're
turning it into an anime is one punch
man maybe heard of this he's a superhero
who's too powerful he can defeat any
villain with one punch and he's bored
and it looks very interesting and
haven't got around to reading it yet but
they're turning that into an animated
series as well and anime one of the one
of them one of them Meng Jie's one of
them mangas and I'm really looking
forward to reading it
somebody who's saying is rich rusty for
one yes I am rusty it's been a while
since I played FTL for another thing I'm
using the steam controller what happened
sometimes you get really good items
sometimes you do sometimes sometimes you
pass the judgement and you get this and
this and that and other times you'll
have been found wanting and then they
just attack you with religiously power
ship know sometimes it's got a block
okay yeah professor Carr I'd like attack
on Titan was an interesting one have you
seen that I mean I know you haven't seen
it but have you heard of that part of it
really interesting premise loved the
premise of it it took a little too long
to get moving to get to the fun stuff
but I enjoyed attack on Titan more so
just because of the tightness I just
wanted to see those weird ass Titans
every single episode those were great
the big weird human things those seemed
cool one punch man is already an anime
oh shit that's great that's great
that's great that's great I'm excited
I'm excited to watch it if I can watch
it how can I watch it let's let's sit
down
who's it airing when how where
yeah yeah it has attack my that had a
huge pacing problem but I think the
premise carried me over the pace of
problem because it's Titans are so
fucking weird I love them oh it's on
Hulu okay great I think I have a Hulu no
no the one punch mean the great
exactly Horatio's that lotta jakk would
you say your opinion on anime is some of
its good and some of his bad like
literally every other form of media of
course yeah I I think out of all of us
here at Harlem I've watched the most of
it just because I don't you know I just
enjoy things I enjoy being entertained
I'd probably be more willing to give
more of a chance I've seen I've seen
more animated than not that does
absolutely nothing for me sure sure I
think we're used to like an older series
of anime where we're you know kind of
maybe a bad translation maybe some
American some localization retooling
that weirded things out a little bit I
think I think good or maybe not I don't
know that's just
I enjoy things I enjoy things that are
good and and I like it when I enjoy
things that are good and I know these
are some controversial statements that
I'm saying and I'm sorry I'm very sorry
everybody I know I know what's gonna
happen I'm gonna blow with some of the
scrap we have and like engine upgrade
practical stuff and then we're gonna run
across the store and we're gonna have
like no scrap there's gonna be some
amazing fucking weapons no that's gonna
happen
yep yep
Speed Racer I really like the Speed
Racer movie have we talked about that
yeah yeah have you seen the Speed Racer
movie I think it's really good I have
not seen Avatar The Last Airbender I
know nothing of that I'm sorry but I
know I'm a horrible person because I
haven't I know that much oh yeah yeah I
don't know if that would do it for me I
like I like robots I like robots and
monsters in space and in Airbender is is
like wizards and and ninjas right
wizards and ninjas
mr. idiot man I'm gonna name your FTL
ship wizards and ninjas there you go go
forth we can name the ship we didn't do
that well there's a crystal turd look at
it it's great it's a giant crystal turn
robots
leave my chaste Keys they've been
fucking up what are you talking about
man see my cows keys nailing it I'm
gonna forget the name of this there
Netflix series since eight since eight
that was fucking great I loved sensei I
can't wait for season two little uh a
little cheese ball a little schlocky but
uh they made it work you can't complain
about something being cheese ball and
like ash vs. Evil Dead exactly exactly
an appropriate amount of cheese and both
speaking of ash versus the Evil Dead
rich and I talked about this the other
day but we weren't streaming and so you
guys didn't hear unless you did which
would be weird we didn't talk about I
was approached and doing we didn't talk
about episode two I'll tell you that
Episode two of ash versus the Evil Dead
I think this yeah I was a little worried
after episode one there's gotta be a
fucking store around here somewhere
can you go up jack up Jack up episode
two of ash versus the old that is the
direction I want the series to head I
thought it was I thought I was
distressed can you get back down what's
uh what's to the right now okay you can
get back down that's good
maybe there's a storm he believed was
not a store on this entire fucking
sector right I was a little worried
about ash versus evil that after episode
one it was fine but not not the greatest
thing ever
but two is fun he's really good and it's
where I want to see the series head
something I was telling rich that I
think that I think would help the show
is I want the show to be like ten
minutes longer oh my god two stores
I want the show to be exactly 10 minutes
longer I think it needs a little more
room to breathe it's tight it's tight
but I feel like it just it's like a
pinch too fast
five ten more minutes a little more a
little more characterization a little
more just let it let it sit for a little
bit is what I need I think it works fine
but I mean I'll tell you more once
there's once I've seen like five
episodes I'll tell you what I think of
the half-an-hour format we're fine in
that episode it could have been it could
have been less time than that story
because the awesome car battle
listen that was that was like a third of
the episode and the car battle is what
makes the I mean the rest of the episode
could have just been them talking in a
diner for all I care after that car
battle that was great but like I just
feel like the the it's it's paced a
little too fast for its own good give me
a little bit give me a little more care
give me a little more jibber peach it
benched too fast
I was saying I I do think it's nice when
they focus on the mundane characters
like like Reese something the cop just
raced count yeah like her story she's
such a different character from a she's
so normal mhm I think I think I think we
need to see more normal people on the
show because then it just it makes ash
ash special by contrast yes normal
people react being attacked by demons
who want to suck your soul out of your
body right you know and then you go from
that that absolute horror that realistic
terrifying horror and then you cut to
ash who's got a quippy one-liner he's
gonna shoot some of the face with a
shotgun I think I think that would make
the ash stuff more special you've hit
the nail right on that and what I do
worry about the half-an-hour format is
that there's not gonna be enough time
away from ash to make the ash stuff work
better oh that could be yeah like you
know you were talking about like the the
first scene within
one with the cops how cops handled that
yeah yeah very different very very
different which is great a little more
of that would be really helpful and
that's why you know a little more room
to breathe give it like let's follow
that cop a little bit more also goes
away towards making the the dead I had
seem more threatening oh yeah rather
than ask just beating their ass all the
time oh good that you know what that's a
really good point yeah that's a really
good point
yeah ashes so far handily won all of his
battles handily that's that that was an
unintentional pun yes he has chainsaw
handed leader
but oh I was in there what a risk I'm
gonna have a fight at that exit but I'm
gonna risk the store oh yeah you get you
have to you need that you need some you
need a better weapon here did it pay off
no no I did not tell how it did not pay
anything mind control that could invent
that could get you somewhere and drone
control
I need some offensive weapons to break
their shields no I hate being because I
only have five drones I hate being
reliant on finding drones
yeah I agree drones aren't you a drone
ship I like I'm a fanatic II control but
you know I'm not saying you have to do
it I wish I wish I could have found a
weapon god we need we need some ship
upgrades okay all right that's fine
right Lucy in Corbin that that cop
sequence in Episode one was fantastic
yeah oh that was great
please agree me know and and in Episode
two I won't say anything beyond the
dinner sequence it was just beautiful
and and that's what I feel like we're
lacking with the 30-man time it's like a
little more setup to be awesome uh I
appreciate a little more setup but
obviously I'm gonna still watch most
likely I'm still gonna enjoy the
goodness
from Mars oh no the man has meant for
Mars we are here to pinch your butt
cheeks no no your butt cheeks are made
of rocks crystalline rocks you just keep
talking out your mind you're doing
you're doing great jack you're doing
great
my pinches hurt it's it's where I went
and you know I'm not gonna
nobody sure why I don't know I don't
regret it
you know that's what I got that's what I
got guys there was uh sometimes
sometimes you start talking you're not
quite sure what's gonna come out in
Pynchon butt cheeks what happens I
apologize but not really but I'm not
really sorry I'm just so what's your
plan so you've you've suffocated in half
of your ship well I have three mantas
men and I don't have strong fighters
right so so I'm okay I think this is a
fairly common strategy in this game well
but people might not even know what
games mentis mantas been boarded our
ship matches men will fuck your ass up
they're excellent hand-to-hand combat
fighters they're great boarders so what
I did was rather than have them kill my
men and destroy most of subsystems on my
ship i evacuated my guys to the med bay
and then just open the the airlock to
suck all of the oxygen out of the room
so I would force the mantas men to fight
my guys in the med bay where my med bay
will continually heal my guys during the
fight oh yeah I like it
yeah and of course if any of the
boarders got trapped in the oxygen less
room their health would go down a little
oh you don't want I'm it I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot I've got crystal man I
could have done that all right if I yeah
yeah give him some fight points level up
their fight
what are your christy men do they seal
off lose okay I get if I get him I get
have sealed off this room right here
uh-huh
and then the Mantis men wouldn't be able
get in that door they would stay here
and suffocate sure is what I could have
done but dumb that's right
that would be great how'd you do that do
you do
close your doors yeah oh now that ooh 27
scrap scrap all wood it's a nice scrap
all right there
I don't know the real Quade I'm not that
impressed by Mike's ability to mimic
Palpatine's voice since he does a fine
job he does an excellent job because he
does an amazing job and and Jack is
wrong no I mean Jack is wrong I'm not
saying he does it poorly
Mike Mike should have been cast on a
Star Wars rebels show is what I'm saying
you know it's pretty easy boys he does
better than anybody he does it very well
I'm not like it's not something that I'm
you know impressed by