Episode 423
FTLs and Steam Controllers (Part 2)
December 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyIOXOJI7bI
___________________________________________

rich how are you dealing with the steam
controller now that you've gotten
further into the games I brother used
mouse I mean it's doable yeah I'm not
sure how doable this is without a mouse
keyboard you know in a normal controller
I don't know that it is at all I don't
think there's any setting to play it
they're signing I guess it would be
better than nothing but I have a mouse
why wouldn't I use the mouse I think
it's the problem with the steam
controller but you're saying because I
have taken away your mouse you're okay
using this team oh yeah why I have to
yeah that's true great well there we go
that's right it's Mike's Palpatine
impression isn't as good as my Michael
Caine impression himself no it's it's a
fine if I was just being I was being
contrary yeah for comedy purposes Mike
there's a very good Palpatine impression
we're all very happy I need to survive
to make this
that's that was only a to shield
Shepherd because I really fucking need
weapons you need what like I don't know
how much you want to talk about the
steam controller here or know how much
want to save for the episode you know
force apiece if you want to chat I mean
you're worth this is part of the things
we are playing this yep the steam
controller
you know don't uh you know we don't give
away too much but talk about it talk
about what you're playing right now oh
shit
I'm a subtable got a stupidity
I don't I don't yeah it's
it is what is what you started this way
it's it's not good enough at bridging
the gap to be worth it hmm yeah and as
someone who's coming from a controller
background I concur entirely but from
the controller standpoint
so hey go
so there you go all right it's supposed
to be a ton more accurate than a
controller not not near so as much I
think as to be worth it like if you're
gonna have like the spectrum between you
know controller accuracy and most
accuracy yeah as the steam controller
rather than being anywhere close to the
mouse accuracy is just a little bit just
just touch ahead of the controller maybe
no unless you're used to a controller
and then for me it was worse and it's
it's it's it's just not worth it for
everyone here in the stream tonight the
the spoiler alert for our next prereq
episode is neither of us recommend the
steam controller by the way
I think every controller should have the
customization options that the steam
controller has there's one thing it does
really well that's true that's true
other than fit though I mean the the
trackpad experiment I'm gonna call a
failure yes
oh those trackpads are worthless
but you know we should applaud them for
trying they have tried something if
Fayette in science
failure is always an option all those
poor engineers somebody's saying that
was a stinky britches all those poor
engineers they've worked so hard yes I
say as much during the review I feel bad
because you can you can tell they work
at it they tried to do something yeah
they really did and and you know the the
pros and the cons of the immense and
extreme customization options of every
single button trigger pull half trigger
pull quarter trigger pull the amount of
things you can do with this controller
is both wonderful and horrifying because
it takes so long to do it
but it's also wonderful the only problem
is it's not good it's not good it's not
as good as the things we already have
yeah the things the things a you know I
can do the things the controller can do
as maybe not quite as well as the
controller if you're not comfortable
using like like the right pad camera
touch pad thing yeah but I mean you're
just as well off sticking with your
controller that you probably already own
right and for first-person shooters
you're far better off just continuing to
use your mouse and keyboard or
controller than you are this the steam
controller it's like a middleman if that
doesn't do anything better than either
previous existing control scheme and I
see some of you asking I did try Ritchie
suggested that I try to find tuning
aiming using motion controls because the
steam controller does have full tilt
motion motion controls and I did not
like that I did not find it to be more
accurate here's here's what I had to say
about that I didn't I didn't I didn't
try that with the steam controller and
the motion control is actually
do work really well but at the point
where you're using the motion controls
to aim don't you have to kind of just
say that the the touchpad aspect of the
controller is just a failure exactly if
that's not working for you and you have
to switch to the motion controls then
the touchpad is then it was worthless
something I did try that I was really
excited about that I thought was gonna
work better was I used the soft trigger
pole on the left trigger - mode switch
the trackpad to a lower sensitivity so
that way I could have a high sensitivity
on the trackpad normally just to like
look around in a first-person shooter
that way I could look around quickly
soft pull the trigger for fine
sensitivity so I could aim properly but
the the jarring nature of the sudden
sensitivity switch made that equally
useless
someone who would like to play PC games
from the couch and dislikes both
controllers and mice and keyboard well
he just like both why are you playing
games how do you play games now if you
dislike both controllers and mice and
keyboard unless you are only playing
with voice commands go left
shoot shoot go left shoot unless that
was a joke finally dude this is probably
so I don't know if I will pick it up
again unless I probably won't pick up
the steam controller again unless there
is some sort of mega software update
that can address some of these issues
but I don't think there is because the
prop the big problem is the trackpad
it's not big enough you have to choose
between fast movement or precise aiming
and there's nothing that I know that can
fix that yeah steam controllers for
people who want a controller like
experience but want to play mouse and
keyboard Center games and I agree and I
think there are some games like even
even like we're good well I mean you can
finish stuff this is kind of my inky go
somewhere dress okay so like there are
games like this that would be hard to
play with a mouse and keyboard and we're
playing with the steam control but you
could sit play with a mouse and keyboard
on your couch great sigh rich the steam
controller is for couch use I know this
it's meant to make mouse and keyboard
games more accessible for people who
don't want to have a mouse on their
inner couch it's not meant to be the
ultimate solution it's just an option
for TV play yeah and here's what I'm
saying it's not much better than using a
regular controller I'm saying it's
nowhere near the aim and control of a
mouse it's it's like a hair better than
a controller and Jack doesn't think it's
all better than a controller yeah and my
argument is that you're just better off
sticking with your controller
in that case yeah I know it's meant to
be used on the couch and I know you
don't want to use your your mouse on a
college visit crap I guess finding a
board is too hard but I'm just saying
it's it's it's not enough it's not it's
like not an improvement at all or we're
just using a controller to play a
shooter I don't think it is I don't
think it's an improvement over
controller you don't think it's a minor
over the best oh you don't think it's an
improvement over a mouse oh it's it's
well I didn't I didn't think it was
going to marry that wasn't my
expectation mm-hmm I don't know if our
viewpoint is gonna be polarizing you
know I I I have I have stayed away from
all internet chatter about the steam
controller quite purposefully so I could
come to my own conclusion I just don't
know
yeah the gyro aim is nice but I'm saying
at that point the touch pads are useless
just make a regular controller with a
gyro aimed at that point what games only
support steam controller very skeptical
oh I can't imagine a game would only
support doubt that's game controller is
they focused taboos Kirk says I continue
to think that the problem is they
focused on the thumbs which are too dumb
to do what a mouse control does it's the
same with a touchpad remember how
irritating playing organ trip yeah yeah
that's the thing is is they they want to
replace a mouse which uses your whole
arm with your thumb fire beam right now
you don't have anything that cuts
shields a new teleporter might find a
decent weapon later nowadays a store I
need I need something to complement
these I guess I'm boarding I guess I'm
just gonna have to go with the boarding
strategy right now yeah yeah right now
you don't you don't have good shield
cutters so all like the blinds gonna be
you really want to find good shield you
you need a flak man do you get flack up
in here
there's gonna be some flak
they say no no they cut some talk about
the steam controller still and Mehdi
Elvan I totally agree with you like
setting up the steam controller is this
whole other bag of shenanigans but
that's okay you know cuz like if you're
if you're already a PC gamer my guess is
you uh you have some experience with
long setup times it is a little
frustrating wanting to just you know
pick up and play a game and not being
able to do that you know having to do
all the settings first but he goes big
steam controller Francis your argument
rich just use the traditional coke
controller then is useless rich because
this is designed precisely for games
that don't naturally support traditional
controllers joy to key any any number of
other different programs that will map a
controller to a keyboard and mouse they
they exist you can do it you don't need
a steam controller for it or you you uh
you go get yourself a piece of wood a
flat rectangular piece he doesn't want
to use the mouse I'm just saying it's
more doable than then it's given credit
for but
yeah and I guess you know really inky it
didn't work for us if it works for you
enjoy it I think that's great something
that I will say now that I will probably
cut out at the episode I mentioned in
the episode which is like if you compare
the if you compare the steam controller
with something like the Xbox elite
controller
you know steam controller is what 50 60
bucks and ultimate software
customization the Xbox elite controller
is a hundred and fifty bucks plus an
additional 30 bucks if you want to play
PC games with it and so it's like I
think they they hit their price point
perfectly funny and I think if you're
able to get it to work I think that's
great
congratulations it just didn't just
didn't work for us man
it's just she's didn't work for us
that's going on you have extra points
why don't they don't vanish already
previously I'd like to know yeah that
makes sense you get extra points man it
steam controller too and you know maybe
maybe the second maybe this steam
controller will give valve some really
valuable data on how people used it what
people's problems were with it
and steam controller too will come out
and be phenomenal who know me and you
know like though they'll ditch the
trackpads and they'll they'll have some
sort of like motion sensing electronic
goo that you stick your thumb in right
did you imagine that oh it's like a GU
whole that you stick your thumb in don't
think about this too hard you can only
stick your thumb in there nothing else
and by moving your thumb in the goo it
senses the fine motion that you can
achieve with your thumb why just the
thumb just two slots that you could put
both hands in and just by moving your
hands in the goon sends electrical
feedbacks to the machine - how about a
thing you hook up to your brain and you
just big controls nice nice I think I
think as long as it's dependent on your
thumb that's gonna be the issue because
I'm now convinced that the mouse is as
precise as it is because of your whole
arm and your wrist and your fingers as
opposed to just your thumb which is just
it's a it's a glorified clamp your thumb
this is the real thing so you can hold
on to things when and you know I'm
saying this as someone who does not use
a mouse for gaming but I understand why
a mouse is good for gaming because when
you are using your mouth when you're
using your mouth on the GU whole when
you're using all this sector sucks your
mouse you get your entire arm you get
large motion fine motion you get this
perfect machine that was built for
precise movement and when you're using
the steam controller you get the thumb
the thumb that was built from for
picking bananas off of a tree yeah
there's there's been some freedom slips
this is the thing I'm an idiot it also I
meditate says using an arm and wrist
allows for coarse and fine movement it
also makes it very easy to get so
mitosis or feedback
unlike the trackpad and I don't even
know it so much the sensory is I assume
that it's some sort of yeah I don't get
that but this is the thing we get
feedback my tongue was built for precise
movement thank you lady Bacardi I talk
pretty all the time oh fuck very much so
much my teleport strategy oh no its
death upon you no but pain of my ass is
sure
the Selma to sensory system is the part
of the sensory system concerned with the
conscious perception of touch pressure
pain temperature position movement and
vibrations which arise from muscle
joints skin and fasciae that's thank you
too much newbie that's that's a whole
one so this is I basically what they're
saying is your brain is really smart and
knows how to move your arm yes that's
great yeah Thank You spike thirteen
answer your brain knows where your hand
is and it can move your hand to the
place you want to put your hand that's
why the mouse works it's great
everything is great
everything's great outside
Gaming uh I and I enjoy gaming I kind of
quit and like for me with a controller
you don't get you don't get the fine
movement you don't get the precise aim
that you get with the mouse but what you
get is a consistent line you know you
move the thumb sticking us in a certain
direction and you know the speed and
direction in which your cursor is headed
and so instead of using your fine muscle
skills you're using your brain to
calculate when you will reach your
target and there's some adjusting along
the way but the steam controller you
don't get either net
one word matrix yeah you know that it
would be it would be very interesting if
there was a way we could plug a brain
directly in to a gaming machine I don't
know if I would want to do that
translated hey you didn't die script
the marker 'true grammar is a brain jack
in the back of the head yeah that's
probably not gonna happen in our
lifetime and I'm okay with that
sorry that's all right
shit happens very very
yeah yeah yeah you know what yeah wire
will go straight from brain to penis
hands-free jacking very funny jacking it
I like that I thought that was funny
when you said that so I said it could be
funny Nordic everything's great
I do read T Carlos yes I am a fan of the
Metroid Prime series I thought they did
that very well there was a couple
segments in Metroid Prime that uh that
get a little confusing backpedal wise
but overall yes I'm a big fan of Metroid
Prime series I really enjoyed how they
handled that transition from 2d Metroid
to 3d first-person shooter my true
yeah
it's not all the hairs
but
what's all from nothing for fucking
nothing
when Kaczynski hates runs like these
what like I'm like what specifically it
looks like you're you just not get
anything good here yeah I know yeah is
that what you're talking about I'm just
curious that disagree oh yeah you know
like there's no fun right you know like
right now you don't have any options in
front of you and so you're just
surviving which can be fun I'm an idiot
we will play 3ds games when I get my
three yes I ordered it like eight months
ago it feels like takes a while
takes a while for them to solder in the
capture device and to the three es or
whatnot I'm getting it them
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
or maybe not Oh Jack shit fucking great
fucking Jack flack the fuck oh now we're
gonna fuck shit up mister glitch the the
way to stream through TS games is you
have to buy this very specific 3ds in
which someone solder Zin a capture card
and then you you plug it into a computer
via a USB and that's how you can stream
and capture 3ds and footage it takes a
long-ass time to make apparently because
I ordered this a while ago and it still
has not come but but you know what
doesn't matter cuz we got flack
motherfucker flack in a crystal bi oh
this guy's got two shields you ain't
gonna no shields now
oh twitch how'd that work for him Wow
how did the you know what my bit my the
the hard question I've been looking for
to answer is like what's the battery
life like when you're just playing it
without streaming like without using the
video capture devices the battery life
the same different when I'm not
streaming with it how does it play
there's my big question
sounds a lot yeah it's a probably a lot
of malarkey
oh yeah man get it together what are you
doing are you doing mr. glitch yeah you
can just buy the the kit to solder into
your existing 3d yes but you know I
don't I don't want solder
you still complaining about the way we
say solder solder do do it do I complain
that you say weird things like lift and
tele no I don't know the answer is no
solder dude do I do I complain when you
say maths as if as if there's more than
one math no I don't wait how is it
supposed to be browns which isn't it
pronounced soul die is an element so
soul dire I've always pronounced it it
pronounced it's solder yeah a soldering
iron like the L is silent solder but I
guess it could be wrong I've never heard
an expert say it like a soldering
engineer and solder okay great that's
how we pronounce it slaughter
no it's sadder it's definitely not
sadder solder oh you that sounds gross
Colonel rich mustard it's not solder
like it like I'm soldiering some wires
it's always bad when your door controls
are on fire okay Jimmy mcawesome is an
electrical engineer and Jimmy mcawesome
says that solder is correct I'm gonna
trust an electrical engineer so great
Wednesday is pronounced to Wed in this
day that's right Wednesday what welcome
to a proper punctuation and
pronunciations and punctuation shop I'm
talking about sudden how do you see
solder is another one of those strange
English words Richard is not perhaps
anyway out spelled it's so fun proper
Wedgwood now I know I know it's it's
spelled Wed nest day but we're gonna say
Wednesday cuz fuck consonants you don't
need them
right
it's gonna be great everything's great
all the time
I like that student anyone sure it's
spelled solder but it's actually
pronounced throat Warbler mangrove okay
moderate local moderately is moderately
I feel like feeling generous today
absolutely warning intruder Zuma Gavin
your injuries
oh my god I just I just checked Twitter
really quick yeah lenka Basinski just
won the state champion kata hey good
going one and black belt and fighting
and got it and you know and got another
trophy for black belt in fighting that
man could beat the crap out of anyone
and he was so nice to us after we made
fun of his move oh I know how scary was
it meeting with Len is an incredible
badass yet is cool with us joking about
his movie he is an inspiration to all
yeah you know what one more stripe on
his belt and Len is legally allowed to
kill people that's true that's true he
needs like 10 more classes and he can
kill anyone legally just click on the
man that's all I'm trying to do look at
this area oh no mr. idiot man says the
FTL ship wizards and ninjas was
destroyed in high space none of the
stores had any good weapons so the
Wizards and ninjas was severely
outgunned against the rebel ships which
had two lasers and a flak cannon I'm so
sorry mr. idiom and may the memory of
wizards and ninja live on to inspire the
next generation of space goers what
you're saying is I've outlasted you even
though I started first
yeah that is 2001 a space house oh shit
I fucked up oh is it because you're
teleporting through space and time
that's cuz I forgot he was making a
beeline to get out of here so I gotta
act quick I gotta I gotta take out that
fucking engine oh Jesus you got guys oh
boy yeah yeah nope oh oh you did it you
delayed him did it
you destroy that destroy that engine
destroy it no that's my impression of
the weird noise that's at the end of
2001 the Space Odyssey destroy that
engine faster God niblets it's delayed
fine
that should be good
oh yeah now they're both in the red
you're funny you're four everything's
fine all the time you're like 80% like
80% right right
aren't you doing that aren't you firing
the crystal weapon after I lied I are
you testing out new strategies I'm not
noticing what she gets therefore the
crystal bypasses anyway and that is
gonna take down a shield does it does
the crystal bypass two shields or does
it only bypass one one they got to shit
so you got to flag them first I guess I
would make some amount of sense
you got flack I'm rich ice bone badger
says rich I can feel your steam
controller pain looking at the way that
mouse cursor is quivering around yeah it
does that all the time you know
according the defenders what am I doing
wrong with the steam controller does
that happened is that happening now okay
I can only assume you you should adjust
a setting a magic setting mad there's a
there's not like I didn't spend two days
trying to find a setting when I first
put it in the computer did you check the
make this work correctly box
did you check because uh as do that you
have to check that box
all right mr. da man that's what you
should name your next FTL ship is God
niblets one word god niblets rich bust
that out not very often but every time
he does
I enjoy God niblets that sounds like
that sounds like something you know God
leaves after a messy bathroom situation
to power just one damage to damage
once's shots - shots - shots to power is
that
I deal it's you know what that is that
the whole laser is a ship destroyed
right and with your boarding party
strategy you're not looking to destroy a
ship so you're looking to take out
systems yeah that you're right what I
need a mantis men I'm dead serious
questions do I hold on to these one
missus you know what's or missus this
war missiles are nice just tense times
when I run into ya bright like the swarm
missiles are for when you need to
destroy something quickly
Arwen something shields are just
comically ridiculous right
I agree Gillian is amazing
in all things in every way the only
problem is she lives approximately 1,800
miles away yeah she's quite a distance
from us she has she has a you know like
a job and shit in California
everybody likes Gillian that is for sure
last night in town that's not a doubt
she's great but she lives in the
different states so it doesn't get to
happen we don't we don't get to have her
on every episode of best of the worst
I like that Julie a lot
she was really fun to hang out with
general oh you're looking I lost my
laptop I thought you're looking at me
now you're supposed to say something
rich she does that yeah she does actual
stuff she she acts she hasn't you know
other job she does stand-up comedian
yes exactly
why Chuck Staggs to California why would
an actress want to live so far away from
the bustling entertainment hub of
Milwaukee oh you people in your jokes as
a good job because Milwaukee is not a
bustling entertainment hub it's it's in
fact really hard for actors to get work
here because not a lot of video
production happens in which actors are
very quiet overstating the obvious is
that how low our standards have gotten
yes how many times I have to tell Animus
prime yeah I think all of the Halloween
movies are shipped
oh except for Oh someone you know what I
saw someone sent me a twitch message
today with their address whoever that
was I'm sorry I missed out but yes all
the movies should be sent out signed by
everyone everything's good
all right makes another ship yeah yeah
yeah
that's true leftover beefcake if we had
a donation button we could hire better
comedy writers for pre rock we get we're
gonna get right tomorrow we're working
on it we're gonna get it tomorrow it's
gonna be great
speciality door system oh fuck yeah four
eight yeah yeah yeah my doors while ago
anyway yep
I'm Jeff it's all right well I'm gonna
look into donations for I actually have
no idea I'm sure it's just like a box we
check in the twitch dashboard I have no
idea how it works in real life next
thing I'm going to upgrade let's give
you those fuckin sensors to see where
the people are yeah those what's the
word yeah anything about the lone
mermaid that loves little more it's
great great movie great well good songs
what's a fire and how does it what's the
word burn when's it my turn it's when
Disney movies for good still yeah yeah
all right now there's a couple all right
ones Disney a couple all right yeah
tangled is kind of man if people love
tangle it's fine
people love tangle don't think I don't
know it's fine
Tango's fine frozen oh oh I meant I
meant frozen frozen so when they love ya
I'd say the story about how I had to see
tangled you had the Z's angle yeah no my
Mormon sister came to visit and she
refused to see an r-rated movie
the only movie we could watch that met
her approval those in the theaters was
tangled oh is that a Mormon thing or a
her thing ah both you know tangled
speaking as someone who often has to
watch children's movies like I'm forced
to because I have children thing is not
the worst there are there are bad
children's movies Tango's all right the
tangled lady hits a guy with the frying
pan and I like that Bartman I want
frying pans use more often in violent
situations that's fair cookware that's
fair
that's fair how about brave brave sucks
I hated brave do you see brave it felt
like a Disney film brave sucks man made
no sense
brave is what happens when Pixar makes a
Disney there's nothing special or unique
or interesting about Briggs very
standard very Dell I was so pissed off
at brave
brave was picks out taking a giant step
back like hey you know in our other
movies one when you know characters like
make decisions and like do something to
affect their lives not in brave she's
gonna follow a magic glowing thing
they'll tell her exactly what to do she
won't have to shit she shoot a bow and
arrow have red hair
hate it bullshit that's what bravest
bullshit life is bullshit and so is
brave boom done
said it
I like to inside out I like that inside
out
we just recently watched it again neat
not great not like not like top tier
it's no Wally but it's neat Wally is
that's my favorite with Pixar cuz the
favorite it's close that's a real close
one right with me you think it would be
slam-dunk be Incredibles you think it
would be yeah but I lean towards up or
wall-e you set up before to it and I'd
like up is not up there for me office
amazing wall-e is the bomb diggity if I
could bring back some old school and go
no you cannot
then then wall-e is really amazing but
you know ups good to Incredibles I you
know what I forget about there and
there's so many like fucking you know
resset fucking what are you doing I'm
just beaming over there and we're gonna
deal with what I have it's okay you know
like all them are good right that do it
that's good I think there's even a
there's a case to be made for cars the
first cars it's not great but it's a
nice slow damn cars to is utter
horseshit if you've ever seen cars to
utter utter horseshit Oh more imminent
jobs I'm fuck now I'm gonna lose these
guys
you think yeah I'm dead there's nothing
I can do you delay their FTL up now
Simon again was that both of you rock
guys they must have had an autopilot
autopilot fuck so sorry I'm saying I'm
not paying enough attention to what the
mission says before they start so sorry
after you lost your got Oh charge lasers
and chain lasers damn dog it wins men I
get rid of one of those shits too
what's crystal vengeance
takes damage there is a 10% chance to
break off a shower that fly there yeah
oh that's nice
Cristal vengeance nice enough my
discharge lasers
what I don't like this church is that
much you know it's not as the chain
lasers nice cuz you know builds up
momentum charge lasers is you can eat
you go get one quick shot off which is
really nice yeah but now they're not
great I'm not I enjoy the chains better
than the charges because then after a
while you know you get a couple chain
lasers and shoot up all the shit that's
exactly what happened the the the
crystal crew members while trying to
take over the other ship we're too busy
arguing about what's the better Pixar
movie funny where you need to go you
fucker
precision
I I did I had a Roku someone was asking
me if I have a Roku Apple TV and was on
fire stick or other what would I
recommend I did have a Roku I guess
technically I still have a Roku but I
just got the new Apple TV because I'm a
horrible horrible Apple fanboy and I'm
liking the Apple TV a lot but any of
them work you know if you're just
watching Netflix Amazon Hulu whatever
any of them work perfectly fine okay
we're gonna do it we're gonna fucking do
it to do it I'm with you 100% you know
if you have like if you have like if you
have an Android phone I would actually
look into the Google chromecast because
then it's easy to like look up stuff on
your phone and send it to the TV that's
why I like the Apple TV I can look up
stuff on my iPhone and send it to be
able TV also I really like the Apple TV
because of the voice search makes it
really easy to get to stuff instead of
having you know to go to like oh I'll go
to Netflix and I'll look for this you
just tap the button and say hey show me
Fargo and it shows episodes of Fargo
right
so that's you know that's my pitch for
Apple TV but at any of them work they
all work I have good things about that
chromecast just like tiny little HDMI
dongle plugged into your thank you
Roku works really well for a long time
for me but again what do you get another
two chain lasers double chain laser do
you have that much power double chain
lasers and an automated reloader
yeah what to sell what does so so what
is the crystal bi do 15 seconds cuz you
know with two chain lasers and a flak
you don't need to worry about shields no
more
it's pretty nice I my shots fired one
just one shield piercing just one shield
piercing what do I need to afford that
thing even selling the scrap arm and
both of your crystal weapons you don't
have enough to buy it you can't afford
it
oh don't you decorate all right I guess
you could get rid of your flag have to
chain lasers you need wood you need to
sell your flack and something else
though wait what's your flag so far 32 I
could see the 52 and you need you need
another 12 so you need to sell your flak
and like your scrap recovery arm and
that'll get you enough to chain later
you know very powerful very very
powerful
right
cinnamon yes I can only assume that
because rich is doing so well at the
game we'll be pushing off the swindle
tool in the other night but I will be
playing it I swear I've been enjoying it
I recommend you get this window but rich
is correct I tweeted that we were gonna
play this window before rich brought up
a really good point which is that we
promised this I have a I have a very
short memory question is yeah do I sell
Aflac and one of the crucial weapons or
ISIL both crystal weapons and the scrap
recovery so if you sell both crystal
weapons and a scrap recovery you have to
chain lasers in a Flajnik yeah that's
pretty powerful that's pretty powerful
yeah do that
fuck them Chris I'm surprised surprised
you get so little money for those
crystal weapons
I like the scrap every arms yeah that's
good we need the fight we need firepower
and two chain lasers because there will
be in the sink yep I want those and with
the automated reload you'll be able to
destroy anything that comes near you
we're doing it do it do it sell it sell
it
Oh God
you know what after we destroy everyone
in the galaxy we'll buy a god
oh fuck after we rip the scrap out of
the lifeless bodies of our enemies fuck
you we will make a scrap recovery arm
from the corpses of dead mantis soldiers
it's going to be great those are some
hard choices yep
yeah yeah it's gonna be great though
we're gonna murder everyone murder
murder murder murder murder murder
murder we're not prepared for that weird
yeah controller handicapped
they broke through that there already
alright so they can
anyone thank you hey it'll take a while
why don't you start depleting oxygen
closer to the medbay - oh sure but if
you start depleting it there notice I
don't want the doors open no no just
open those outside doors okay okay and
then you know by the time they get there
that room will our to be out of oxygen
not it can't be fuck yeah I keep that
close
fuck that bridge
oh and they're dead already yes nice
strategy you should try playing with the
power glove oh you crazy people oh you
crazy people it's so bad if we had a
power glove you should see riches
I wish the cam was here cuz like rich
has this like frustrated exaggerated
movement every time he needs to click
the mouse buttons and he can't quite do
it with the controller and he's just
like fuck man that's great
let's wait wait give him the full brush
you can do this be patient time the flex
get there
that'll be time for these question is
what am i priority the plane assign a
dangerous game here rich weapon and and
the yeah not quite
take what you can get take what you can
get take what you can get that's alright
did you hear about the guy who beat dark
souls with the Gamecube of Bongo
controller ah
people are fun
Laura
fucking flak
Oh last-minute disappearance should have
seen that coming
we should have seen that coming rich I'm
Myrtle ate him Jesus Christ it's a
massacre it's a slug mastic and by that
I mean the slugs are massacring us and
that sounded like we were massacring
slugs but fuck Jesus fuck
Oh running away yeah yeah better than
dying Oh
well Jesus oh and you're down a shield -
you can do it rich no I can't
well I mean you can press the button on
the controller no I don't think you can
win now you really can
you are indeed super boned would you put
the
as well read some of those the good why
lumpy head 97 and hear it toss soon
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I don't know why this
wants me to read these right now it
seems very strange but you know all of
you we appreciate all of your
subscriptions you know leftover beefcake
for making us this wonderful watcher
it's getting really great I think it's
been a fun evening and you know there it
is it's a rich yeah you're never gonna
use the steam controller to play FTL
again no that's exactly what I was gonna
get to like would every motion every
every everything I wanted to click on
just felt like labored yep and I'm sure
that was easier to do that it was with a
controller but it was probably about 90
times harder than it would be with a
mouse but I can play from a couch cuz
I'm too lazy to put a board on my lap
and I get a wireless mouse so it's got
that going for it well no it wasn't the
controllers fault
no no because the pauses it really
wasn't the controllers fault I'm just
saying not a comfortable way to play the
game right not my first choice okay
yeah all right everybody it's been fun
we've really appreciate everyone coming
out you read those red lines - thank you
to all the new subscribers thank you to
the old subscribers thanks for everyone
else who just came out first and Steve
could've been fucking around I have