Episode 432
More Bookworm Adventures! (with fiancee)
December 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMgb059ulQE
___________________________________________

no I can't I can end you this because
this is within arm's reach it's not a
tablet I'm Kurt we ran way out of this
and you should be seeing a game welcome
to bookworm adventures
all right might be a little ahead of
where we left off last time we played
those I remember this the same the same
game we're playing last and we play in
their own though occasionally so yeah
well did we play it last night oh yeah
well they're playing one last night
weren't we hear you you ever think we
want to take the mouse for this because
you get you get into the bookworm zone
and i can't i can't stop your you're
okay well tell me the things like a
ranger oh you were reading it in the
Chromebook oh yeah um well we want to
resist donna taxes or pain we want to
resist petrify and power down that's
always useful under this poison will
just resist stuff alright we can deal
with parts and hearts damage reasonably
well you can spell your way out of any
situation so how does this game work uh
it's an adventure game sort of in the
style of like final fantasy or something
accepted instead of mostly using magic
on people and stuff like that you spell
words along with the words the butter
and you attack your enemies with words
with the power of language r in charred
yes and you are the worm we are lex the
worm over here and we are fighting the
various enemies and these are like the
different little power up things we have
but mostly you just spell words the
longer and the more good scrabble letter
usery like you get a word with a bunch
of Z's you're probably looking better
than not a bunch of Z's so let's see the
gems do special things the shiny these
shiny letters do special things now
there's no does that even one I ok so I
can't do can you do lunula see look a
look at she does when we play this game
lunula the fuck's of yoonyul but she is
a word she knows he like you know on
your fingernails like right near the
bottom of it you got that little white
thing like the little half moon crescent
moon thingy right at the bottom where
your fingernails come your cuticle yeah
Bessie visible on your thumbnail that's
your Union lunula and no this is this is
not like a JRPG because you're doing
more than just
hitting the a button until the battles
over yeah in fact you could sit here and
look at these words all day long well
there's no are so you can't do
Jabberwocky there's a lot of things that
are missing actually I just noticed the
day of the beat blade w window I think
you can do window windowed maybe go for
W I ND o del video needed another one
for but that's still a decent words when
do we award no all right window my
fiancé's name is Karen hi I did some
damage okay there's no p I always like
to try to do jalopy it comes up more
than you think it really does oh yeah
where you can't get elastic ya know our
she can't do like besties or something
jealousy's 980 you test testify that's
it's at
Alfre blastula
jeddi but that's not much of a word
all right they want me to change the
stream name I said game medley
specifically so we could do anything but
yes you want her to get specific can I
see the mouse per second I got him there
an end for ablution graduation change
something make everyone happy everyone
will be happy last toys elas toi SE west
wha or I never seen that word before but
it could potentially work good
potentially be cheating could
potentially be cheating you know I
looked and best for first of all mr.
Gore Bessie ality doesn't work on their
second leave st ality doesn't have an
ace not bestiality its bestie ality
we're going to talk about you know
Critter sex pellet right by they strike
that trying to be me oh I mean to them
all the time and they love it okay they
they they just don't love it because
they have no self-esteem well if you're
gonna say bestiality haha ho-ho learn to
spell it BES not be EAS yes your best
deal exactly judge frowny face that's
how you spell it alright better than him
all right back back back so Blastoise I
don't even know if drive means red I
also liked hair to get rid of the chain
but that it's potentially pretty good
word here ah it was it was it with an i
oh I don't know if that is in fact a
legitimate sort of word it isn't
recognized by this games dictionary
which happens sometimes yes rarely some
are saying stability oh I like that yes
that was junk had 1979
nice yeah cool do we have Zenith Jack
head is feeling sick he will not be back
tonight he's got a cold prioritize no
tea enamel enamel could work he never
does nothing it was gonna say membered
how far away from jeopardize yeah we
still needa daddy
razor / najida perjury animal is it bad
from the chatham getting normalized I
was a Tiberius Kirk normalizes oh hey
Karen improved about it a normalizer
Karen really improved about it let's
let's let's power this baby up if you
can best to use the power up and see
like if you get a really good word um he
like turns into wrecking balls and stuff
and really wants about him so let's see
her he's powered up and normalize errs
oh that's supposed to be one of the
better ones but it really it's not the
most exciting it's cuter when he turns
into a wrecking bones when is the second
one I don't think it turns into a
wrecking ball on this one is this this
wasn't his book oh this dead explains y
a bookworm adventures too they added a
few things from the halls of Montezuma
to the shores of Tripoli it's a place
it's in here but yeah yeah jalopy that's
what I was looking for there's no why Oh
shed
you almost have to Jordan plateau and
can you get aperture aperture science we
do what we must because we can not
enough arse not enough arse appetite you
good appetite I think I know okay
basically when we play this I am I am
largely irrelevant you or not you come
over some good was largely oh you took a
shit load damage there yeah heel boots
and push myself up let's see there's
serps sir
no he can't get circular I was trying to
do like circumlocution whatever curator
well I wonder if we could do curatorial
set for two hours in the room I don't
know here oh no you can't there's only
one a okay that he gets one hour
should you see image and more portly
should freeze them okay we can get rid
of this is a Desilu too is that a word
no decimal it was a word and resolute
somewhere yeah yeah you're not I might
be hey guys resolute works
astute you're a supersuit how do you
spell hirsute I said anybody know how to
spell hair suit like somebody who's too
hairy what like a woman with a beard as
hair sued I've never heard this before
you're frightening me i know i spelled
it wrong hey no not it's our students it
hair suit hirs ute that sounds like it's
probably it yeah there we go all right
never heard of that nope it's it's
abnormally hairy like your hairy but
you're Gary cuz you're a you know a
white guy with normal hormones whereas
if you were like you know an Asian woman
with your amount of body hair that would
be our suit digoxin I think I was from
star to star wars I know that's a real
thing well we do have ing there's no a
so you can't do diagnosing make sure you
need 2 g's uh X with some z's exude zor
getting rid of a J would be good too
there's no are darn it dungeon I kind of
like that I an oxide says Cosmo cuz /
muslin were it's got to be big try it
dungeness I was a dozen donuts noxious
noxious is kind of nice
maybe whoever came up with knock out the
real Quaid I like it ox idian and that's
a word if it is I no idea what it is
this is too late if it is too late ah
Joe sting
something ologist huh something I was
just follow Allah gist yeah Jose did Joe
style just know I was thinking about
doing jousting but there wasn't an end
but some there right there let me get
the SPECIAL oh the joust did works
okay ironclad no no deep oh yeah
pugilist perforate now pure I'll
I think that is it easy in it actually
another e ideologist sure a soul about
something that uses w's and peas and F's
pernicious if it's in there that's not
bad no s permission pernicious home
trying fuselage I keep seeing looking at
these unthinking necromancer but I know
it's not there because no I'm own pwn
cute but let me just see if he says
anything if there's like an easter egg
for that now graceful is not terrible
pronounce foliage isn't terrible
pronounced on original unoriginal is
pretty long I'd like to get rid of some
of these w's W&P; Karen will not accept
anything less than a w world word oh
there's by the way there's an ing which
gives us a lot of the year somebody
saying warp hug rappy that Cobra Kyle
says gay because he doesn't like words
can't spell a fellow grade school um so
he thinks words are gay on glowering
glower or glory whatever however you
pronounce it i think its glory yeah it's
listening to but i don't think i'm sure
you show you my wendys ad um glowering
there's not enough geez nine of g's but
thank you for the chance they even think
the guests do you remember Wendy sad boy
Brian oh jeez
wincing yeah you might even say that's
fine not the best word in the world but
flowering does it flowering mark right I
don't give a shit now you have no fucks
flowers that's damn good I will go with
flower Thank You snake squeezer just an
exquisite a you snakes crazy yeah wet
has been used creator something permeate
permeation you can't need another e
premeditate I'm not sure we have that I
none of these contraction contraction
yeah
compactor yeah I was trying to do
compunction yeah factor it's heard of a
pea sure and it's Stannis fucking long
missiles contraction cont car a CT I
think attractions actually longer
somebody's it's too late somebody saying
moderation defenestration can you get it
probably not you need at least another
yeah we don't have the fenestration all
right all right we need we have Nash's
do we have ours arms unfastened snake
squeezer said he said frowning did you
just read it wrong and it happened to
fit what we did with flowering yeah well
unfashionable at works fashion would
work on fashion doesn't I know fun
fashion works I think so fashioned works
yeah there I'm well I'm unfastened right
oh yeah unfasten
they work looking down under Sir sir but
salat says i think you should save those
power words for the boss all right i
don't think you know what it's like
playing this game with karen she don't
she don't need to save no word she's
gonna find more power works the boss the
boss does the bosses aren't that
difficult really how come every time
you're on the show I seldom die with
this game there's a continuous stream of
people saying rich Evans is getting
married rich Evans is a girlfriend it's
like nobody can believe that rich Evan
this is straight and getting married to
a girl who's talking you right here
Richard I've been hiding for a while I
don't believe that I don't really care
if they believe it
conscience
occasioned this is Raven bellman all
right like that that could certainly
that works that works really well we
work here are thieves 12 13 and 14 right
there 40 we're the other 40 uh or the
other 36 or 26 I guess yeah 20 no wait
we have this not just on my stocks are
known knowns the 26 26 I think they want
us to talk at the same time so they know
I'm not just using a voice changer there
you go fuck off I'll say rich while you
say Karen Karen thanks so much yeah some
people are upset on that with Mike which
you yeah Mike likes women and rich likes
women so rich and mike are not go to
work they have their strange fantasies
well good all right all right behind
there's no other l4 foible you know al
horrible economy see what I wish you
could do with this game with it really
fresh was me you can scramble but it'll
give you all new letters and it will
penalize you I wish you could just take
the letters you have and just have
scramble up so you were looking at them
in a different order really you don't
need that I mean there's behind that's
in here but it's not the best
Oh
what does the scramble button do it
gives you an entirely new set of letters
and it costs you a term and it's really
not worth it unless you have nothing but
terrible letters Karen I don't think has
ever needed to use it I think we may
have once plus y they make you use it
once in the editor yeah that's the story
so I'm saying I'm chulada but there's no
else that can't be right I mean there's
behind and it's not terrible we want to
use that I won't say we're getting
obedience incidents obedience is
definitely better than behind um both
honey snuggle and mr. Beebe said
obedience so has Stephan Stephan toast
I'll do it with this so it freezes then
you won't be able bit the blue freezes
them so they can't do anything new
comedians will work perfectly well gay
slave no and sue but that's not very
good resolute tea I'm sure unusual
there's no beef or unfeasible I'm sorry
I'm sorry someone says lumpy head 97
says I've almost saved up enough money
for my rich Evans 22 and is which style
is that going to be and because I've
seen him artistically represented this
isn't too bad flourish or like what what
photo of me should they use had no had
oh I thought maybe they're gonna do the
the slightly grotesque style caricature
from the t-shirts the mr. blanket rich
with a hat or like the riddle they don't
cause that as being rich Evans that's
mr. blinken I think people have that
separated in them or that what it is
Mike to most people or that really
adorable animated version of you from
the friend a prereq animator yeah those
are that whoever did that by the way
it's adorable Karen loves prereq
animated yeah it makes person who digs
oh just wanna kiss him and I can't so
I'm gonna basically I put those in a
loop he just keeps walking over to kiss
me it's kind of great yeah you know
needs Barry White all right flourish
isn't too bad my my great meringue pie
stone hall rang Oh harrangue is a bad
yeah we're gonna ours
like that oh we don't minna phase her
Angus got like two A's right I don't
know that wasn't that was my suggestion
how do you spell meringue it's like
lemon meringue like Emmy our chat chat
spelling Harang is h a you are a NGE
mark somebody saying that one somebody
saying menagerie that a snake squeezer
menagerie will work very well and I
suppose I don't suppose you'd get away
with unmeasured I was I was kind of
looking at these letters and say I tried
to figure out we could do managerial but
we can't I don't think you could do
menagerie all either but the just you
wait see I think we got to lose that
like one turn two turns for the boss so
yeah we didn't need to save any words my
grade is a good one we and learn rien
learning re enlarging yeah that probably
would have been good reenlarge bonanza
rear rear sure snake squeezer plays
bookworm and probably who doesn't love
bookworm oh except popcap apparently
because they released another sequel in
like ten years this game is called
bookworm adventures and there is a
bookworm adventures to which i don't
have installed right now there is well
let's let's backtrack there is bookworm
the original book worm which is not a
role-playing game type thing it's just a
grid of letters and you try to spell
words and it's a larger grid but it
doesn't have like the power-ups the same
way and that's available for a lot of
systems you can get that on a Game Boy
and stuff you could probably find that
or a clone of that for just about
everything and then there was booked
from adventures which this is excuse me
and bookworm adventures 2 is kind of
more of the same but you have like
little partners who have a different
thing
there's more gems and it's it's just you
know this game with a little more souped
up yeah and we would love to see them
make a nother bookworm adventures but
this one came out about 10 years ago and
I don't still have probably done they're
probably done but you know this game
being a word game that randomly
generates letter grids infinitely
abilities is there Evanescence evade ah
giant green worm you lived I mean oh
good to see you yes EA games did by
popcap and that's probably why pop
carrot popcap sucks now yeah there was a
period where where before Android and
mobile games really took off where the
casual games market was in its heyday
and real arcade in Game house and popcap
were big fish games of course some of
those are distributors more than
producers where we're making all kinds
of fun games then everybody started
making clones and and everybody jumped a
mobile game wasn't plants vs zombies 2
nothing but microtransactions I've heard
that I really haven't played it too much
I did enjoy plants vs zombies one I I
don't like microtransactions I you know
if a game is really good you know you
can like sample it or crippled wear it
and let me have a little bit of it and
if I like it you know if you if you want
to charge 20 bucks for it you know i'll
pay 20 bucks for it but don't these
infinite microtransactions i can even
handle like games where it's like well
you just have to wait to play the next
one you know that's fine you know
microtransactions but you gotta paid for
like everything just for content it's
just like just let me buy the game yes I
think everybody feels that way i will
pay you
a reasonable sum I don't expect that
every game has to be under five bucks
but let me simply buy it and have it Oh
thatthat's they want the money I'm gonna
Manning hey I mean it started with games
like the sims were they were releasing
expansion pack after expansion pack
after expansion pack and then it just
got to the point where it's like every
game is broken up into little pieces
yeah and then you know he had games like
like farmville where it was like you
know you could play it but you could pay
actual money to get extra stuff and then
I got to the point where if you wanted
to have any fun with the game at all you
had to pay money and that's where I just
said forget it hmm just forget it or bug
you know every one of your neighbors it
should be possible to enjoy a game
without spending actual money or
Schilling or else just you know make me
pay for as a subscription or once but
not in the weird nickel diming
ridiculous that's right omote on 106 and
the chat is pointing out is entirely
correct that all your Steam games are on
loan did you buy those digitally yeah so
I is Gog whenever I can what's G ot good
old games i believe i remember gog.com
they sold games and you you you actually
there's no like drm involved you just
download the game and you can store it
up disk or do whatever shove it up your
ass whatever's yours you don't need you
don't need their servers permission to
start the game or turn on the game or
dive use the game and it depends on cost
I mean I'm willing to pay a nominal I'm
willing to pay a little bit of money to
essentially rent a game but when you
start asking for larger sums of money I
don't want to be beholdin to your
servers
I will always show for geog huger games
good old games purjee games is verdanna
that's like DC Comics yeah or pin number
yeah so what what's gone what's going on
here let's see here so change it was
this poison attacks or petrifying power
down or stung or you know nothing I
thought what this one this one the
poison attacks tend not to be that bad
whereas stun can you know make you have
to steam is great for finding games
cheap and there are some pluses involved
i'm not going to lie but you really
don't own that game that's an illusion
steam will be thrown into chaos the
second that gave new only the retires or
dies he's the guy in charge of steam no
I is in charge of valve who was in
charge of steam I will say there are
some pluses to the model where games are
on servers I mean you don't have to go
okay what did I do with the third disc
of this where the hell is it
valor evade
Darth Vader Oh valuation of Valor under
undervalued
ah will be undervalued anyway right oh
and your valued you can get III spelled
it wrong but also I would still need
another I think you got it but I wasn't
a euro are you I missing you as valued
as you too oh shit motherfucker there's
no eyes you can't do valuation or
evaluation no I for gladiatorial or
something there's a protein Thank You
leader rudder
so I'm just saying gonorrhea a dungeon
master blaster says enlarge and he's
ball her and we just went through this I
do and there goes one hour I know the
word came up so far but we didn't have a
for some reason
hey rained isn't bad go for all your
help with it before your other controls
did are the fuck you want um what is her
ring to mean isn't like haggling does
Karen watch Game of Thrones I haven't
i've heard great things about it what do
you watch um he'll do watch a great deal
of TV like I zombie I was in a play
pretty into the walking dead for a while
but I kept having nightmares about
zombies and I just decided to give it up
for a while oh it means hassling brate I
think yeah that sounds about right so
you stop watching the walking dead you
don't watch anymore yeah you know old
what happened now just got more and more
and more violent like constantly like
that's so amazing the eye sockets and
stuff that sounds amazing I I understand
okay it wasn't working for me you know
what their next show is on 80 that's not
any what does that this no that's the
embassy another spin-off or something
yeah yeah but they're also doing
preacher and well it looks like it's
gonna be terrible
alright glowered we got him and I know
that one came up before too
nope valuators it's kind of over i think
i think the the blue s is overkill
that's a valuable and you could use that
in someone else should i go with
something else no no no no no just keep
the blue yeah yeah I just hold on to
that blue us this should do him in
pretty good good I you know sometimes I
watch I like the librarians and I liked
going just happen you know you just
watch first couple episodes you can talk
about man in the high castle oh yeah
that's like a what-if than that what if
the axis won the Second World War it's
an Amazon original series I think if you
don't have prime it's paid of view /
episode but but it's uh I have prime so
I can just watch it and they've done
like 10 episodes we watched the first
two and it's pretty bleak it's pretty
bleak I don't I don't want to spoil
anything but it's it's you know what
what if we lost an alternate kind of
reality not a pleasant world industrial
windowless or windowless you reading any
new books what's new you had two eyes in
there just so you know well I picked up
and haven't read yet the third book and
they miss peregrine's home for peculiar
children series that's a that's a series
where the first one I know so I spoil
anything the first one came outside
hater I don't give a shit does the first
book this boy grows up hearing stories
from his father and his grandfather
above monsters and whatnot and his
father believes that his grandfather was
was telling stories about his childhood
running from the Nazis and that he was
using the monsters as a metaphor for you
know the the hardships of his child
hood you know nazi-occupied Europe but
actually there were real monsters and
his grandfather had a special gift and
he could see them and and he was he
found his way into this that he grew up
in this orphanage which was an orphanage
for children with special powers and
they've got all kinds of strange special
powers one of them has bees inside of
him that he controls and stuff bees
visas yeah I want to bring dead people
back to life temporarily with frog
hearts and one girl she float has to
wear heavy shoes because she floats
uh-huh oh but uh Wendell was yeah
windowless and and the movie of the
first book is supposed to be coming out
I think and next year sometime spring
possibly and tim burton is directing it
which is ah which is possibly bad why
Tim Burton he was less what was the last
good Tim Burton movie I don't know
what's the last Tim Burton movie there's
he did Edward scissors a lot of people
would love I haven't seen much of his
reasons of the but I haven't seen his
his adaptation of the roald dahl book of
the charlie and the chocolate factory
but supposed to be
so people are saying that he has yeah I
haven't seen many of his movie myself I
don't like you can't like micah j and
this and this do i think jack is not
he's not better self lately for a while
now obvious obvious obviates
obvi a shins could work I was gonna go a
VA shun but yeah that's better I wasn't
even sure if obvi Asians what's the word
I just thought it was worth trying I've
heard of lobbying hoodie get an iud
perianal for Perry anus uh let's see can
you get Puff Daddy um there's no F
some st. P Diddy there's no I you can do
daddy and dirty
and so yeah somebody saying Uranus well
he's in this to proper name yeah then
like proper names
so yeah there's that I've been listening
to an audiobook yeah I can't get to my
tablet from your me Oh give it a memo
home smell yeah you you know what will
finish the stage then I'll play
something we'll just talk as far as
books you know sometimes I read and
sometimes I do audiobooks lightly I've
been busy I'd screw around online I read
magazine articles and web pages I'm
trying to think what I what I finished
lately I mean I finished kind of kin
which is a book where this family found
themselves battling to hide some illegal
aliens it's kind of complicated and the
soul Oklahoma town was kind of torn
apart by this bill that made it a felony
to to hide illegal aliens in Oklahoma
the room was a nice little book you
might like where this guy discovers this
there's there's only one room not that
one I didn't like that one I know
everybody else does where there's like a
secret he realized that there's like a
secret room in his office and he likes
to go in there and hang out except that
it's not really there and everybody else
thinks he's just hiding in the corner
and that he's lost his mind Thank You
mr. poopypants from perused perused
bruised is a good word
oh yeah audio book right is going to my
audio books good audio book that I'm
almost done listening to the clockwork
universe it's it's kind of about the
intersection of religion religion and
culture with the Enlightenment era
science scientists it's got like you
know Newton's in there and I'm a
blanking out on the guy's name Kepler
it's in my library won't let me do the
show me what it's it justices in your
library well let me do the description
darn it oh here we go the clockwork
universe is the story of a band of men
who lived in a world of dirt and disease
but pictured universe that ran like a
perfect machine a meld of history and
science this book is a group portrait of
some of the greatest minds who ever
lived as they wrestled with nature's
most sweeping mysteries and the Royal
Society and all these just generally
weird guys who did a lot of screwy silly
stuff rich rich mostly hey besides smart
rich frat boys running around doing
weird shit okay some of whom were
fiercely religious in strange ways least
by modern standards they were convinced
that that there was a pattern in the
universe and that they could use science
to figure out what God was doing we were
fully convinced that there was a god and
that he had hidden things in the
universe that they were supposed to find
so it was like science and mysticism and
it's a good audio book the clockwork
universe even renaming all you rich no
um who got to appreciate dungeon master
blaster did I you see eight is a good
word we almost have faraday like Faraday
cage bye y'all was talking about this
unifirst now origami no hors d'oeuvre no
no hors d'oeuvres is like ors DV okay oh
that's Australian that mr. spelling I
know de mujer de are you no no
demonstrate de de Mon straight hmm damn
what oh and there's no us nope darn it
devoured there's no you devote it I'm uh
I'm fucking dragon says dormitory
dormitories nice work I'll say that all
I think I have to use it they're mine
hey if we had an I can we do vomitorium
my small Noah dorm is a dormitory your
non storm ettore might be one of those
weird things were just not in here I
don't know let me what's this I usually
spell decently when I'm writing stuff
but once I start overthinking it then I
start second-guessing myself and
dormitory yeah dormitory all right all
right moment
as relating to your skin and no no
Dermot sorry fofo mentor or fomented or
hurry dear ah we're just format yeah you
know what it's fine he's dead I was
thinking about that way too hard of
course Nevada 10 oh that's a word so
what somebody is up there from Nevada
has one heart given before letter word
that's no flag it that kind of
four-letter word
celery yeah skulduggery no skill no
scold the tobacco defamatory not right
now there's no use no II yeah you're
right Nevada is a proper word
wait wait oh no oh no go ahead I thought
I al I don't think oh very oh so very in
but they do vary oh okay yeah I'll do it
that's great Sieg not that it's much of
a word a cagon a segue yeah diurnal
right no n-no weld iron is like a visit
a nocturnal somebody said rail yard let
me see here dark well we use the l honor
there's no L while the other dark
there's no end you can't do darkly
darkly
Carrie what Katie rry yeah it's got a
bath yeah it's not very well ski wash
from ducktail says a great agretti
agraria's I can't think Regis Regis
thank you there's only there's only one
sheet nice try there's only one g
guarded from yeah i was just i just said
guard gypsum jiggle I'm trying to do
Guardians but yet guarded probably could
work no it's guy's boss I'm right
purchased are kicking our ass I'm gonna
be careful is guarded good enough for us
probably not not right now no you want
to go guarding will remember garden s
kurz but that's not a very long word ok
es que ter that's like a patek played
plan for kayakers oh I like that like
that a lot all right yeah like it's for
us some good stuff yeah we're using it
reuse it it's good Oh pitch friend cure
cure desires
cuz I rings
do you think you can use the other eye
to it go and do more damage despite
other special I all right oh he's dead
we kill them buh-bye so long farewell I
know I agree with how rarely known the
word is I totally agree with that you
should definitely get more points for
free keywords and sometimes you really
don't it's just a game yeah it's just
the game will play a min again what's
mini game oh alright here's how this
game works there is a five letter word
that starts with an R we have to pick a
five letter word and then if we guess it
right then we win instantly if we guess
it wrong that it's going to go down to
level two we're still getting at the are
and whatever letters were right are
going to stick around and if the letter
was the right letter like that that
letter is in that word but it's not in
the right place it'll be silver and if
it's exactly the right letter in exactly
the right place it'll be gold and the
letters that have been used in the
letter grid below will be the color will
change on those everyone from the pic
over the chat will have this be somewhat
interactive okay cuz i was thinkin round
actually my middle age is good okay
somebody went with range range is good
was that uh or rinse rinse is probably
even better huggy snuggles is rinse I've
already put in round right I'm sorry
okay so it starts with and it's are a
something snow and there's no gee and
there's no e yeah so like racks would
work
radar we got a radar raspy can't be
rains can't be read like raspy raspy
yeah gets an sssr common in a P it tells
you the letters are in there anywhere
why all right what I recipe ooh-hoo that
pees nice though we know the S is gonna
be on the end silver ass there's got to
be rea something s are a something PS
like ropes or racks or ripes obscene
erases can't be racist the Peter made
the piece of the right spot ramps
somebody sing ramps that's probably a
lot of ramps everyone was ramps ramps at
his phony getting a rinse I think it's
ramps to I was trying to turn it in with
the fucking fuck yeah fuck yeah I
motherfucker so look what we got we got
a whole damn witch powers up we gotta
jet purple gem I forget what that does
but it's a jam and gems are nice hey I
wanna beat reaction up yeah purify and a
health it's great thanks for stopping by
go get on Lex all right have you have
you had your fill of bookworm yeah it's
850 6 i'm just looking at the time and
thinking uh we might call it a day you
want call it her well early is called de
fer bookworm it's got a small house you
want to play maybe maybe another half
hours yeah another half hour streaming
sounds about right you want to listen to
a ramble on for another half hour oh you
you give it a read you interact with
people because they get to see you
really and I'll futz around with just
something okay so oh they're over here
let me turn that you know you can turn
the brightness up on this right can do
whatever you want eres fine don't make
me use my ramps game is about spelling
ignores punctuation the game is not
about punctuation and it's got a lot of
cute touches like you are keep talking
nobody explodes it's got like you
touches like when you want to leave he
goes don't believe me dragons don't live
in America too much racism well don't
the kk people call themselves dragon
something I don't him taryn when are you
going to show up and the best of the
worst i have no area Karen does not like
bad movies yeah I really would rather
watch a good movie it would be a
disaster although I had to say the one
about the airline safety thing where the
guy basically was his home video of him
and his kids on his trip was like so bad
it was funny like I was thinking it was
going to be a movie about like air
travel or something I don't know it was
like just laughably bad and Karen wish
Matt a happy Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving Matt happy Thanksgiving
everybody I'm a fucking dragon fearful
sludge boy turn noble kinsman and so
forth who is Alby ah I'll be when am I
going to join us um I'll be right up a
hollow dicks Thursday's we watch six
hours of Star Trek and sci-fi shows they
get together in this chat room they
washed off independently it's not like
streamed the video but they all watch it
that's it could be fun I am a casual
Trekkie if you start asking me obscure
trivia I'm not gonna know it but I do
like the show thank you for the
thanksgiving wishes t Carlisle for happy
thanksgiving to you as well play doom i
have played doom it's kind of fun for a
while i don't i don't know but i really
want to play it right now
it was I enjoyed it back when I played
it well I Raven it's the first time you
bother to stay up for the whole show
right in bham and while I hope it's been
wish worth the lost sleep on your Sunday
night what are my Thanksgiving plans I
probably turkey with the parents thank
you for completing rich Evans do I
complete you to do oh I really do we're
a good team tamron chard