Episode 433
Pacman Championship DX (with the fiancee)
December 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chzYKSpl5fw
___________________________________________

brutal doom what's brutal doom it's a
doom mod that makes it more brutal it's
already pretty brutal with violent and
stuff they've made it more violent and
stuff I guess mostly my objection to
doom to the extent that I have any is
that the graphics are just so ugly these
days I just can't handle pixelation Oh
it'sit's wonderful sprite art and raw
nuts I
it's beautiful doom nostalgia greatness
wonderful joy see I can be happy joy I
can fix elated Mario but do them it's
almost like I'd rather play quake quake
looks decent oh and what's the other one
I used to play it wasn't doing ready
psychedelic pac-man yeah the
championship edition is weird can you
make it stop doing that do what shimmery
blurry nope psychedelic yeah I think
there's other styles like epileptic
unfriendly not that I'm ever loved too
close I
I think that's an option I think if you
are epileptic you probably wouldn't want
to play this version of pac-man the
further you're guessing and you'll know
the original championship but I don't I
don't have a good version of that is it
weird hearing rich speak fondly about
nostalgia the rich ever spoke a nun
fondly but nostalgic yeah myself I'm
quite fond of the old NES games partly
because they don't make me motion sick
and partly because I remember playing
them as a weak errand the style is
pretty much the only reason old games
are good today well some games I think
are pretty timeless I mean I could be
wrong but I'm thinking that you know
even little kids a lot of people would
probably enjoy really well-written games
like the original Super Mario Brothers
well-made games
yeah well made games whereas Mario
wasn't known for his elaborate plot
twists yeah yeah then the princess was
in another castle on another other
castle
I remember you know I mean III enjoy
Mario on the other hand maybe it was
because I never had one but I really
can't get into most of the Atari games
and and a lot of the old super old
arcade games although yeah pac-man is
fun
pac-man has always been fun it is a very
weird and cycads it's a conga line
pac-man yeah I think my favorite pac-man
game is still probably I like that one
the pac-man versus oh yeah
first this is fun I knew that at some
point we should accept that you're so
darn good at it
and pac-man versus lets pac-man the
person one person's pac-man and they are
playing it on the Gameboy and they could
see the whole screen or part of the
screen yep and then else is playing on
the Gamecube yeah and then the ghosts
everybody else is the ghosts on the
Gamecube and I think they see the whole
screen it's been a while we are living
in a golden age of baby are we I don't
know there are advantages and
disadvantages to every era that sounds
deep please explain
well you know I mean you didn't have to
worry about you didn't have as much I
mean there was a time when when the idea
that I would have a cellphone and be
able to emulate any Nintendo game on
frickin earth if I wanted to would have
been absolutely mind-blowing when I was
a kid on the other hand I didn't have to
worry about what do you call it when I
can I'm legging out what he the the
microphones actions Oh yep I didn't have
to worry about microtransactions in the
you know 1990 1989 1985 the be honest at
work we have a giant board game with all
the games we could release because of
cuz of pixels pixels like pixels the
game movie I don't know yeah that's what
I meant what do they say what does the
copper was a whole comment about how
great the graphics are it's okay
rich which is better XT ro or SOS I'm
not as fond as of extras everyone else
was it's good movie but I'm not not
particularly a horror guy and it's not
funny bad so that's not shit there's not
as much in extra for me like the gold
what's the Golden Age of gaming or
what's the gold native music there's
always good stuff and there's always
shit in any era sometimes what's getting
you know marketed more in-your-face and
commercials is more of the shit but
there's always something good and
there's always stuff that's crap whether
you're talking about books or movies or
music or games
and yeah because there's more sheer
volume of games now there's more shit
than there used to be there's also more
good stuff potentially the Golden Age
games is the 90s I think you know people
would probably go and say whenever they
grow up is the age of ever young it's
just you know when things are new and
you're a young kid you just whatever was
popular when you were say age 12 to age
22 give or take
you're gonna think was the best time for
the best everything which is why the
baby boomers think that everything from
there or was the best ever not because
it necessarily was so if it was great
and some of it was shit but because
that's when they were that age there
were no shitty movies in the 15th
century this is true but they were
probably shitty plays fortunately you
know the really shitty ones don't tend
to be remembered you know we've got
Shakespeare you know and you know Joe
Smith's shitty plays nobody remembers
like they remember Shakespeare's with
something up somebody's coming in when I
was shitting over the 15th century
yeah there were no movies no betters
it still got weird moving effects in the
screen it's pretty it's just be kind it
seems like it would be kind of a
headaches orienting to play I'm not like
a head pain necessarily maybe eye strain
that's better it's better when the I
don't really care too much about the
periphery but when the actual parts that
pac-man zipping around and doing weird
freaky things other than just changing
their levels of illumination it's a bit
disorienting
somebody said I wonder if there are
people who enjoyed shitty plays back in
the 15th century the way we enjoyed
shitty oh probably and people who
enjoyed them for their sheer shittiness
like the producers you know that's the
whole premise of that movie that's well
that's what they're talking about yeah
yeah springtime for Hitler in Germany
1984 was the best at cinema 1984 was
certainly a good year for cinema
gremlins Indiana Jones Go 80s was the
best for cinema man do you think that's
because there was less CGI or because
budgets the demand for CGI is inherently
bad those terrible CGI is there's less
pressure less preferable to shitty
practical effects it's a problem with
with obsession with box office numbers
and ROI I think the problem is without
CGI you had to have a better story you
had a better storytelling you had to
know what you were doing to make a fun
movie see I'm always loath to say that
any given era was better than another
especially if it happens to be when I
was a kid simply because you know
everything's better when you're 10
mm-hmm no I think I think when you
couldn't do everything you wanted you
had to be smart about what you did I
mean I agree 1984 had some great movies
and while I'm old enough to remember
1984 my memory doesn't go back to much
before that as far as actually seeing
things when they came out
because somebody's suggesting that
there's they become to corporatize than
I guess yeah that that decisions are
made too much by committee
yeah yeah there's not enough trade of
control for directors or writers and
whatever Joey feel tonight to me for
what's Return of the Jedi 1984 it was a
three why is that your what cinema what
bad do you know somebody was saying the
1984 was a really good year for movies
and the other people were naming other
movies that came out 1984 and I was
thinking did that come out of the 1984
as well and I couldn't remember
ghostbusters yeah they mentioned what
year did Blues Brothers come on baby why
any one or two so is that a movie about
the decline of the American Raiders the
Lawson bring his lost art 81 or 80 81
but I could be wrong that's a good movie
see they did special effects in that
movie but they did them with waxworks
yeah Oh a bunch of different thinks
majors but like I mean these days they
would have made thee made the Nazis
being melted by the arc CGI when they
did them by fashioning them from wax and
melting them Oh taxi driver yeah text
1976 taxi driver rocky The Omen marathon
new man Bad News Bears what year did the
Exorcist come out
one of seven news on that yeah but I
couldn't tell you when I really couldn't
witch's mother and her brothers made a
home movie version I don't know if it
still exists but I've seen it I don't
know what the hell happened to it yeah I
believe his mother was was Regan Regan
the girl right yeah his mother and his
siblings today a remake of The Exorcist
that it's just just darling this was
before rich was even born
74 for the extra juice yeah that table
the sounds of alright Rich's mother was
just a young thing in that production
quite charming 73 yeah yeah his mother
was a huge fan of horror movies we used
to watch him together sometimes bet the
worst okay while I generally don't like
bad movies I love bad cheesy horror
movies especially like old ones uh-huh
Rich's mother and I used to watch see um
Evil Dead I like it well enough but it's
intentionally bad there's something
about you know while I generally don't
like movies that are unintentionally
horrible I kind of make the exception
for horror movies
is this why Rich's sisters all messed up
because his mother liked horror movies
now I if they're the thing about the
Mormon one oh no no that's his sister on
the other side of the family
yeah yeah yeah his Mormon sister wasn't
even close to thinking about being born
when his mother was making home movies
of The Exorcist nor was she the mother
of that sister
the first movie rich and ice all
together oh I couldn't tell you I what
was the movie that we got our first kiss
during after well yes and I wouldn't I
wouldn't say it was because of the movie
you know you want to tell me one good
good night Ben that cowboy and walk in
here knocking mommy
yeah it's not exactly a romantic film
but it's his sister's a Mormon
rich has more than one stealing rich has
a lot more than one settler yeah I've
got three sisters and two brothers yeah
I am the oldest of them all
Kung Fu Panda a Mazzini kungfu panda was
an out one rich and I became a couple
they're gonna date us yeah come from
band oh it's only been out for what like
four years I don't think there's been
one every year
I don't dammit I try I think I saw one
of them uh I haven't seen their kid
flakes and they're not necessarily
there's something there's something mine
Mormons sister would probably feel safe
yeah I think that is your shake that is
if she could handle the Eastern culture
aspect of it I don't know and it
probably exists she's a good kid I know
I know but uh Kung Fu Panda I think
mostly exists so that parents could take
their kids to something that they're
sure isn't going to be objectionable
which is all well and good but movies
don't have to be objectionable to be
enjoyable but often a movie whose sole
purpose is to be unobjectionable
got Danny peckmon Alyssa's fixer Kung Fu
Panda is 7 years old ok they say you're
the most interesting man in the world
that's true which world all of them all
of them am I going to take the good
Evans name once I get married I intend
to Karen Evans works I mean if his last
name was like smoo galaga fits it would
be a harder choice so you would say no
just move along you with smoogle AG of
its I convinced you to take mining are
you racist against Mughal out of its I'm
gonna be racist against what you learn
wait smoogle log of it sounds like a
good polish name or something I don't
know
fortunately we both have easy to
pronounce and easy to read names snow
clogged of it's as a fine Scottish thing
rich smoogle smoogle avenged
and I summon I'm not an ant they summon
I'm not anti anything Karen smoke along
a vid sounds pretty good too
yeah you'd be the only school belong
events anyone knows I had other than
your husband by necessity also be a
spoon I need somebody whose name was Sue
and she married somebody whose last name
was Gillooly so she's they're known as
Sue Gillooly Oh a little it's right up
there with names that rhyme or names
that are repetitive like Robbie
Robertson you know and there are people
who do that to their kids spider-man
character Robbie Robertson yeah well I
better not be Robert sir there's a
there's a Robert and Robert kind of
thing first-name lastname and the guy
from the band it's better than Anakin
Anakin Skywalker it's somebody named
their kid Anakin well if it wasn't for
that movie Anakin wouldn't be a bad
sounding name I suppose you name your
kid after the character was basically a
child murderer I know somebody whose
kids middle name is Jedi yeah I know
that was that was a fine idea there he
seems happy enough what if he hates Star
Wars I have no idea
I've never asked him how old this Jedi
No oh my goodness well probably less
time I some personally about four years
ago and he was probably about six or
seven he's he's got to be pushing double
digits
I think as sisters my school you know
someone named Anika is that Japanese or
something or is it named after I guess
it's been out long well cousin you have
to be that long at all out there
Anika works better than Anakin I don't
think you really know anyone who named
her kid pantera rules
I certainly hope not Pantera rules yeah
I think I can see it I don't think you
can smoke enough dope to think that's a
good idea
this is mustard essence I don't think
rich people wanna name is kid mustard
Evans it's not very fond of mustard
they know that I like mustard you like
mustard mustard mustard
oh sure like all kinds of things that
rich doesn't like oh shit oh shit oh
fuck that up
yeah you ghost you Oh My gods did name
their child Anakin hey whatever you're
into yes rich is fucking stupid good at
this game I agree with you
he's like ridiculously good of pac-man
he should be on like king of Kong hey
why is king king of calling you there
playing pacman right yeah so why didn't
they call it like you don't care you
know why wouldn't be no they played on
Khan chemical oh is it I wouldn't be any
good at that kind of pac-man because the
way they beat that is they have like a a
pattern you have to do it's it's it's
very much they've found a way around the
AI rather than they're playing the game
so I would probably be bad at like
seeing the final screen at pac-man
that's something like this the conga
line ghosts are just strange yeah I
prefer the normal championship edition
but any port in a storm
I don't know I don't know everything
will spit on this television just as far
as gameplay goes I prefer when the ghost
chase you more than I like the condo
wide stuff
I mean I'm just a plate and stuff on the
Left which do you like very coupon see
that's the thing don't like which
doesn't like mustard and so he's like oh
I don't like mustard and I'm thinking
you know yellow mustard isn't real
mustard I mean it's real mustard but it
sucks no it's like the mustard of last
resort it's the mustard of saving money
for your store by getting cheap mustard
and giving it to people you know yellow
mustard is just vinegar and mustard so
I'm like well rich you know we'll give
you some real mustard and maybe you like
mustard now so I gave him some nice good
German brown mustard good stuff and he
really hated he really really hated I
was like gagging yeah I mean he looked
like he was just head turns in his mouth
or something so he does not like mustard
he also doesn't like herring he likes
you know kind of like bland American
food preferably deep fried and I like
the weird shit I like the Rollmops and
canned herring and mustard also not that
big on sweets yeah he is dead but to a
sweet tooth but he likes fatty foods yep
so he doesn't he that crazy about cake
but cheese fries yes you're allergic to
horseradish yellow is the only one you
know um
wasabi do you like wasabi rich I'm
guessing that I don't even know what
wasabi is I've never tasted a
horseradish I mean real real Japanese
wasabi isn't horseradish quite but I've
never even had and in my in the United
States it's like horseradish dyed green
pickled herring is great isn't it
wrapped around pickles it's delicious
I'd be right at home in Iceland I
probably would but don't they do that
like salty there was a girl from Finland
it was an exchange turned on my high
school and she did black licorice with
salt and I was like oh
this girl from Finland I don't remember
her so I mean do the Iceland people do
Finland with salt because I mean nothing
when the liquorice was solved because I
can't do Labour's result but yeah I
think I probably would like to field in
Iceland Iceland seems like a perfectly
lovely place but rich starve to death in
Japan um well nothing with seafood right
it's nothing but seafood and rice and
rice out of rice he'd ever I she says
they own Kobe beef they're known for
that yeah
grass-fed Kobe beef cheeseburger Karin
rich do you like wasabi rich cheese
burger yeah cheese pizza oh he's about
hate mustard mustard hates him no he
hates mustard must make better my dad
hate him when Steve Gibson first became
casual involved the online community of
mustard makers he had no idea is mild
interest in the condiment world would
within a few short months spiral
dangerously out of control you know I'm
rich I doubt has ever had lutefisk I've
never had lutefisk lutefisk and the gel
filthy or whatever it is the um looks
like yet it should Pezzini or something
those are things about the fish you just
shield a fish joke give filthy whatever
it is fish I think it's good Phil to
fish yeah I've never had that either too
fast it's too fast I love to you know I
like to smoke herring on I mean smoked
salmon and whatnot on bagels and stuff
like that I mean I there's a lot of good
like Yiddish cuisine that had but I've
never had the fish and I've never had
dead lutefisk lutefisk sounds sort of
gross but might be good and fermented
dishes yeah I well I mean I like
sauerkraut and I like yogurt
I've never I've also never had kimchi or
thousand-year-old eggs saying they're
they're all on the list of things that I
would be willing to try
Lord Belmont hates mayonnaise mayonnaise
is okay right you were trying pretty
much anything I would try for your
adventurous I'm gonna
Teresita yeah well you know I might hate
lutefisk but I'd like to just try it
just to check it off the list if I died
once tonight um I don't think so but I
wasn't looking at the screen
continuously either a decent pac-man
shits the jerky of the sea
kimchi is like asian sauerkraut well I
do like I do like sauerkraut worship
sauce that's okay this is an ethically
Jewish person Tiberius hates Jill filter
fresh fish I like I said I'd like to try
it
I've heard very mixed things about it
there isn't there are foods I like and
there foods I like less and there are
foods that I'm not especially fond of
there aren't too many things where it's
like you yuck get this out of my mouth
you know I generally will eat pretty
much anything I take after my father
he's a pretty adventurous eater whereas
my mother is like rich you know just
relatively bland stuff you know
straightforward meats mostly meat
potatoes and bread kind of deal this
works like steak first rich like steak
other than vegetarians don't most people
like other veggies and vegetarians and
you know of course like Hindus and let
that can only mouth a religious
objection those people like steak
pickles with milk that doesn't sound
very good actually I think one of the
grosser things that I've eaten and it
was kind of on a dare we were playing
like God truth or dare or as kids they
took a chocolate cupcake hollowed it out
and filled it up with ketchup and do not
like that Marmite is also on the list of
things I'd like to try I have actually
never tried Marmite which do you like
mushrooms and onions yeah oh yeah the
mushrooms are wonderful whoo especially
mushrooms with butter and garlic now
we're a big Portobello sandwich those
rich like tacos who doesn't like tacos
tacos are just like tortillas
and they can fill them with all kinds of
shit you don't like your cooks your
steak cooked further than right yeah I
like it medium-rare I like a little bit
of that browned taste but definitely if
you overcook your steak it's ruining it
more just stuff unlocked then we had to
reinstall for some reason that are not
well I try a single plum floating and
perfumed served in a man's hat what's
that yes I can't remember what it's from
though anytime of X has only gotten
perfume in my mouth I haven't enjoyed it
and yes rich does not like very coupon
pulled pork I'm guessing those probably
a sex joke but if it isn't pulled pork
sandwiches are wonderful we were at
Culver's the other day they have like
these pulled pot roast sandwiches which
are really quite good and they've got
their sweet potato fries oh these were
overdone what are you gonna do nothing
Paco's can absolutely no issue ACOs are
good shrimp tacos are good I don't think
we should be saving fish tacos are good
oh caught in the sea
general Zhukov says they think Jack
believes a hot dog is not a sandwich
well it's not a bun and it's not a
regular sandwich thing of course
sandwiches could be open-faced so really
I suppose it depends on you know what
you consider a sandwich Jack has all
kinds of crazy beliefs in Canada you
have pulled pork poutine isn't it I
thought that he's like french fries I've
never had it
it's like french fries gravy right I'm
not usually a big fan of gravy but gravy
is a broad tongue all right you know you
can't white-coloured gravies and brown
colored gravies and you can make gravy a
lot of ways so protein is on my list of
things to try but I've actually never
had it rich got any stories about when
you ate that fucking mound of
cheeseburgers during early 2014 wolf of
Wall Street for the reviews mr. blinken
ate a bunch of cheeseburgers no really
it's just a sound like I literally ate
them all I mean there's some movie magic
going on eat a little bit they filmed
some of it and there were all fresh
burgers and I didn't eat the ones that I
shoved a ton of butter on you know and I
was just not the ones I didn't eat
they're just normal Burger King
double cheeseburgers well doesn't
doesn't Culver's do like butter burgers
really like put butter on I thank you so
much - I just for the for the bit in the
show I was putting on like I'm seen
amount of bow okay it wasn't just like
yeah the buttery yeah and a flake it was
trying to of bread and I think it was
writing - is she playing I was trying to
induce a heart attack
because this insurance was getting ready
to run ah ah do I like sushi I do like
sushi oh fuck damn it me too and I
recognize that there's a difference
sushi is not necessarily the sushi music
it's just the rice is what makes it
sushi it's not Bravo's although you
could put her off patient sushi yeah I
like sushi
she's good sushi is a rather broad thing
you know it's kind of saying do you like
sandwiches sushi could be made a lot of
ways but yeah I've had lots of switch
you that I like
yeah what what I I agree with you
jg Galang 35 whatever she's always raw
fish fact so she isn't usually raw fish
it's it's the sticky rice wrapped around
thing that makes it sushi and I think
the not sure if the nori is defining
ingredient when you see urgent search
eat sushi never had that I like eel
sushi a lot do i like haggis I've never
had haggis would you try haggis I would
try most things unless they involve you
know bodily waste I don't know that I
would want to try Mountain Oysters and
although I realize they're perfectly
legitimate foods and millions of people
all over the world if not billions enjoy
them I'm not big on bugs although I
realize that shrimp isn't too far
removed and by the way if you're ever in
Milwaukee go to go to el fuego and get
the coconut shrimp oh my god it is so
good what is on Fuego Fuego is a
restaurant in the walkie on waiting on
Layton Avenue and they have one of their
lunch specials is it's shrimp breaded in
coconut flakes and then or you know
shredded coconut or whatever and then
deep-fried and then they give you a cup
of I think it's probably coconut milk
and coconut flakes and pineapple mixed
together and you dip it in there and
it's you know it's indulgent and it's
yeah probably gonna give me a heart
attack you know and then they serve it
obviously with the side of refried beans
and rice but it's good so I'm gonna do
that without when you go to Milwaukee
it'll be cheese cheese beer and beer
well you know cheese you can get a lot
of places you know beers from of that
yeah oh yeah and birria Milwaukee's got
good beer there's all kinds of beer here
but I'd like lakefront brewery one of
the little brewery tour and they had
some good stuff I wouldn't say I noticed
cheese being any better in
Milwaukee than it is in Chicago yeah but
but you know if you if you're in
Milwaukee and you get tired of beer and
cheese I would definitely recommend del
Fuego the affected food rich are you the
White Sox or White Sox the only sports
team you follow theirs are the teams I
like but as far as hardcore fellow I
mean I'm in general I think I'm a fairly
fair weather and fan yeah I mean I'll be
honest about that when the White Sox
have a year like they had this year at
some point you just yeah when they're
doing terrible I just don't want to see
it yeah yes it's depressing but but yeah
we're we're Sox fans and you know
generally if you you're outside of the
Chicago area I make a point of wearing a
White Sox hat because everybody wants to
tell me how much the Cubs suck and I
don't yeah I know really can't agree I
both my parents are Cubs fans oddly
enough but uh you know rich rich and I
are both from is on the south end of my
little river and pardon my little rebel
well actually all you know they raised
well they're both from the south side
but they raised they raised all their
kids in the south suburbs and all the
kids are Sox fans so go figure
do they eat pizza with a fork in
Milwaukee does anybody outside of Europe
do strange things like that California
might I'd okay pineapple Oh God all
right I'll make an exception if I'm I
don't know if they have it up here but
there's a piece of place called
Giordano's Chicago if I'm eating a
deep-dish pizza pie that's two inches
thick
oh yeah O'Donnell so he'll use a fork
for that because it's got sauce on top
and you'll just have sauce everywhere if
you eat that with your fingers because
it kind of falls apart but in like
regular normal thin crust Chicago style
pizza quote-unquote Chicago style yeah
no Fork
unless there's you know people around me
are doing it and for some reason I want
to impress them but in general you know
you just pick it up ham and pineapple
shit is the same spot I died last
Giordano's isn't Pete said Scylla Sonya
yeah it's basically a lasagna without
noodles and that's okay oh fuck you
honey the game has me facebait is sick
of Pizza
you could sick of Pizza you need fries
with a fork I know a lot of European
tights when I was in Germany they the
McDonald's they had these little tiny
itty-bitty two-timed wooden Forks for
the french fries which you know okay
that's definitely not how I'm used to
eating them rich do you like donors
what's a donor what's a Donaire is that
a doughnut or a pizza place it's like
something I do with my liver like a sick
child kidneys Seattle has terrible
Italian food this Seattle have much of
an italian-american community for a
difference of how could they would be
like fish or like Asian food or
something for a difference of a hundred
miles I can't find a great gyro place up
here yeah just let me know of a really
top-notch
gyro place everyone wants to say Oakland
Lee ro eros and the way the blah no you
mostly like making use down there right
uh yeah Mickey's is good
Mickey's is great
am I ever gonna be on best of the worst
I don't know no no promises she would
hate it because she would hate it okay
she's not a she's not a bad movie person
well this is like a really bad horrible
although I enjoyed watching that one
movie last time I was up here with the
with the Japanese vampires that were
hopping around we're drug dealers or
whatever they were euro in the Midwest
the fuck that should be easy me chopped
up spice stepped on a split slapped on a
stick I guess you know probably you'd
want to figure out where a lot of Greek
neighborhoods are maybe maybe good
heroes we're two great people in the
block you know is there a Greek enesta
Creek neighborhood in this area there's
probably want some I haven't had a gyro
up here though that's moving oh holy
fuck that's good
I've had givers up here they were like I
was an acceptable gyro that's not the
same thing and I'm not the fair person
to ask my plenty moving walk Bucky yes
but I had I don't know exactly when oh
shit
I'd myself I don't like euros I like
lamb and I go to hate you roast
you know like barbecued lamb barbecued
go those are good goats got a lot of
bone and we do is fucking the teenage
without dying because goat cheese is
good you're living in Vegas right now
they can say here it's got nice weather
I'm not sure what else it has gambling
gambling but yeah but you can only you
know unless you're rich you can only
gamble so much it's like gambling is
something you do on vacation it's not
really a perk to move somewhere unless
you want to work in the in the
hospitality industry who said lovers
couldn't tell you include in Seattle
there's probably some somewhere I've
never actually been to Seattle do I like
duck I have never tried wait
how about yeah I have actually it's good
yeah it's just then Karen likes duck
that lamb is wonderful lamb is wonderful
lemon and goat are not that you have
people do gamble themselves to death and
in the suicide and this any other some
people I know it's great some people are
addicted but uh but ya know rich does
not have a gambling problem and I
definitely don't have a gambling problem
I just look at it and say you know what
I'm gonna lose statistically so why
bother I mean I would go there I would
go to Vegas for like the shows and stuff
and maybe play like nickel slots or
something but I'm I'm just not a big
game remember remember pogo.com
yeah you know how one of the games they
had was poker it was completely free to
play you played with with imaginary
money yeah
credits and ice playing like the the
100,000 credit room a lot fun and over
time I'd saved myself up like like a
hundred thousand credits and that was
getting pretty pretty decent at playing
poker around
pogo.com so I fuckin emanuelle yeah fuck
it I'll go into the 100,000 incredible
tonight ain't just enough I just managed
to save up yeah a hundred thousand
credits so I go in there and doing sorry
Batman is happening doing pretty
decently and I had a hand came up I had
like like two jacks and the flop was
Jack ace ace so I had a full house and I
went that's a really good handle I went
all in with with three Jackson two aces
and yeah the other fucker had three aces
and two jacks
it's fine it's fine I lost it basically
I lost it all was like months of playing
the game just a fairly casually saving
up a hundred thousand credits I'm sorry
that's okay it was a valuable lesson
gambling I had a co-worker at work we
used to have a scratch-off machine and
she was playing in a fair amount and we
were we were both working late and and
she's like Karen you got a play you got
a place so I'm like all right I'll play
one so I bought a five-dollar card and I
won $50 and I came out ahead and I said
I'm done
I said statistically I'm never gonna
catch I'm never going to improve on this
I'm done and I never played it again cuz
I thought you know statistically I'm
gonna give it back to them this is good
right here you know so I had my forty
five bucks and I yeah you know I had
dinner with RIT nice dinner with rich
and you know I was good with that and
she wanted me to play more and I'm like
no I'm not statistically I am gonna lose
lose out here you know it's
statistically this is probably the best
it's gonna get
rich can you count cards no well
probably not where we're not right
neither of us is Rain Man or we like
mathematical geniuses or you don't
necessarily have to be Rain Man there's
a lot of people get kicked out
oh the suitors for doing something that
should be perfectly legal
really yeah well I'm either not clever
enough or I just don't give enough of
the ship but I don't know how to do that
anything get in my belly I'm sure it
could be lucrative good thing guys
prefer five guys are in and out we don't
have either around here we have guys
bye-bye me I've never been there they
know or they run one in Orland since
when I don't know everything in the
whole world by me we'll take a field
trip out there they build up so much
stuff there and they're still there
Grange is still on construct under
construction five guys in in and out
yeah I don't think we have in and out in
Milwaukee or in the Greater Chicago area
south suburbs in particular
we like the melrose over in Oak Creek
this Sparta's restaurant oh the trying
to blink on the name Omega the secret
engine place
oh the safe house safe house they're fun
or the food's killer there's a place in
Milwaukee called the safe house that's a
cold wear War era like 1960s maybe spy
themed restaurants and it's they got a
lot of cute gimmicky stuff and the the
lot of the dishes are named after things
you know it's kind of like a get smart
uncle it's a lot of fun what do you
think this looks like pac-man in
Legoland is this acceptable fine I don't
know I know you weren't like a looker
like oh I don't care I'm playing
different things cuz I'm gonna find
different things I like the rainbow
ghosts is this is this pac-man being
charted being chased by his denied
sexuality yes
they want him to come out of the rainbow
ghosts want him to come out of the
closet fucking fucking blinky
he's got vis miss pac-man as his beard
does miss pac-man pac-man's beard no I
think she says missus I think the rumors
are just that okay
just am i getting sicker is it hot in
there the heater is really good my
speaking like a Jack's cold I'm gonna be
pissed off
I didn't especially
everyone around here sick except for me
you have super super abilities not
typically but I've been lucky do you
remember when you guys were filming he'd
really interrupted your believin knows
that ya gave everyone your typhoid Ridge
disease you were a little bit sick I got
it but I wasn't like all sleep-deprived
like you guys so it was like an ordinary
cold for me and I was very sick
yeah it was the funniest because the
night he came up there he was like 20 at
the time the night he came up there he
was like I would sing I literally
bouncing up and down on your mattress
like a five year old and just totally
hyper and happy and excited Karen is
like a five year old no right no Garret
was yeah I know yeah he was he was all
excited and that was ages ago he was
just a kid and then and then it was like
two days later he got your home and he
like moved in your sink like he was
ready to die all the bounce had gone out
of him
Taco Bell's the best vegetarian option
Taco Bell Taco Bell is like they should
just go vegetarian and try to pass
themselves off as a health food option I
mean like I think they got sued because
in order to call something beef it had
to be like 39% who the help came up with
that law in the first place you think we
have to be like at least fifty point one
percent you know more beef than not beef
but they couldn't even hit the
thirty-nine yes surrogate yeah I mean
when the goal is thirty nine percent
beef and you can't even manage that they
could call it like beef flavored or
something but clearly it's not beef at
that point yeah they have a value menu I
don't even think they're taco filling is
taste bad but it's not really beef we
know it
Taco Bell is the best dog food available
in a chain restaurants have just seen
dog food lately I mean like quality dog
food my mom gets the dog these little
like Tupperware containers fighting like
dog food that I haven't tried any but
recognizable chunks of chicken and like
peas and stuff in there it's like little
little shelf staple TV dinners for dogs
and I guess you're supposed to feed a
whole one small dog a large dog just she
just puts part of it ah no he's still
stole your sandwich yeah he's still
stole my sandwich the other day I closed
my eye or returned my back I left the
room for a minute I come back and my dog
has eaten my oh so he's just running
away from me with a jog fuck fuck oh god
I survived I fucking survived look at
that trapped in there
fuck it survived that was amazing that
was amazing that was fucking great
Wow you that is the most amazing pac-man
thing to have ever happened were they
able to see that yes well somebody else
said it was amazing I didn't even see I
was looking at the screen I just heard
you screaming and looked over
congratulations or something yeah
somebody said that was sex right where
did my oh my oh okay you got a place to
plug I'm gonna go use the restroom
finding you know either about yeah about
done nicely yeah the Chromebook just
croaked so I don't have a convenient way
to look at the chat who's that fisted my
dope smoke
thank you well you're welcome you're
welcome visited by domes home and a
dollar from wood chips as I love you we
love you too in a purely platonic way
I'm probably on the little screen that's
the big screen I'm a bit near sighted
have you read some of these people beer
Meister two zero eight nine thank you
very much you know there's so many woods
do the banks at the end only forty seven
viewers Rhys absque ride while we are
away and we thank them or we thank him
or her if that's one person mall rat
call thank you Tiberius Kirk Dylan lip
Wilkins the clown sloshed from duck
tails there you go
here role young Elvis delvis Xena trope
Shakespeare shark shark shark spear
shark spear I'm powerful rain drop bill
Billa
but Billy hecka just bill waka black
Moki b85 the jack is corrected me and
Bill the heck I like in number of times
and I always get it wrong so I'm not
confident myself greca neck cracking ik
her connect Theodore J hooker and as
Seth whoopee whoopee whoopee Wookiee
crocodile brain thank you you gotta yeah
you really gotta nail the last one and
and crocodile brain thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
thank you for your support
it's true you don't whisper that it's
true really do I say it like Jack I
don't know how Jack says it just just do
an impression of Jack
