Episode 442
Return of the Undertale (part 1)
January 10, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PVKfjaJ4-o
___________________________________________

per day I don't know it's the day is the
day of happiness it's not the night
therefore is the day I have whatever
close night it's nighttime
I'm just talking to hear my own voice
that's all I'm really doing I've been
there I've been there it's a good place
to be I know I don't even like the sound
of my own voice and these I don't
remember reading these yeah it's fine I
can remember
okay okay right that's that's what you
guys determination I think that's a
thing from the game I'm being filled
with determination I'm being filled with
determination all right people kept
tweeting that to us and I so I think
that's a I think that's something from
the game I think that's an all right
site of such a friendly town unless you
have a determination there it is we are
filled with determination all right
happy rich that's a fancy shirt for
someone who does not like Star Wars I
like Star Wars I just don't love Star
Wars people need to learn there's not
only extremes sake there is only black
and like sake right I like the original
movies haven't cared much for any of the
expanded universe zippered couple games
I have this shirt from when we did they
actually got this for the the prediction
video I think I had it so I just threw
it on no no no apparently because I just
threw this on yeah I'm a hypocrite I'm a
fucking hypocrite Jack because I wore a
star wars t-shirt
I thought internet video where someone
was proclaiming that they fucking loved
Star Wars III don't know who that was
because they were wearing a Darth Vader
helmet you could not see their face
which i think is important a sting shit
oh he's she's got a kid
above your max oh I can't wait I did not
see your Star Wars prediction video
because I know I know you're just
guessing but just in case you're right I
don't want to like watch the movie and
then like have your guesses start
creeping in I want to go in so I'm gonna
what I'm gonna watch it after I see you
stop think I think anything we're
guessing though is just common sense and
you'd have to not watch the trailer oh
my god oh my god I found a warp I don't
know what are we doing Jack what is our
goal
what happened where did we leave off
would you believe me if I told you I
don't remember did we remember we just
got to this town no and I made you read
that conical dialogue in that weird
voice sure I remember that great I have
what do you want jackass lady over there
fella know how to disturb me
oh look at that looks like a sexy rabbit
lady are you referring that's what a
fooi she's right she's kind of curvy
that that explains but you're always
talking about my little pony off camera
nothing Jack doesn't talk about my
little pony off camera I just think that
Jack talks about how sexy farm animals
are I just think that Twilight Sparkle
is a really important character to
children everywhere because she believes
in the power of magic is it my little
cinnamon just the cutest bun buns are so
adorable I thought you're saying I'm
from my little pony oh I have no idea
what lines from my little pony even are
I didn't know you're talking about her
oh look it's Christmastime awful teens
tormented a local monster by decorating
its tree like horns okay well there you
go so that's a monster horn and they're
awful teens
no no that's not a monster horn so we
started given that monster presence to
make it feel better
yeah now what's the tradition to put
presents underneath a decorated tree
okay okay great I thought that was a
severed monster horn I don't know what's
going on spooky Dookie thank you for
subscribing
we've had more subscribers you can't
just start there we have a whole title I
didn't hear him let me get let me go I
gotta get the torch up now
sometimes I try to get them as they come
up so you know we had a whole thing here
rich we can we in vary it up whatever
the fuck we want
Kay's 87 one-year-anniversary skeletal
snowballs Oh bother
Chatham Freud Chatham Freud ax shanem
Freud ah that's why I said shad him
Freud he had at the Freud oh not Freud
shot on Freud has a word to German word
right it means joy and someone else's
misery sour
this is Shaddam Freud Oh yep I get it
bill Tetley eight teen months in a row
and spooky Dookie again actually you
like that name do you want to say spooky
- spooky Dookie thank you for
subscribing
I really appreciate it's true we really
do under under under under fail under
tail it's you know it's a game we're
playing him what do you say what do you
have to say for yourself yeah you're a
kid too right yeah I can't tell I could
tell because you were in a striped shirt
yo he's from the hood yeah well yeah
look he's been beat up for his lunch
money because he owed too many he owed
too many hoes too many bros favors you
know like we say boy or girl was that a
bow or is that after that bullies also
stick like glass in his head I think I
think that's a I think that's a boy and
I think that's a haircut okay that's
what I'm gonna what I saw I saw a
haircut okay
the stone doesn't have a mirror really
but if there's ever a problem
a skeleton will tell a fish lady about
it that's politics gril bees oh my God
look at those look at those hatchet dogs
oh look at this thing with the mouth I
kind of love it here oh is that a dead
rabbit hey that's a dog we talked to
before it no that's not a dead lemon
it's a drill over down there it's a
drunk rat drunk rabbit drunk rabbit that
Matt oh that's a many same people help
out on the drinks hot guys there you go
yeah we'd fought that typical Saturday
night looking for new drinks and the
hack guys who do we talk to next sorry
about grill B's oh these are guys we
fought before I think yeah for centuries
but we never get any respect
skeletons would throw us a bone I don't
think yes bites calories show off my
person oh this is a new one hey Mike
it's Mike color to shut my personality
it makes stamen like attach at least to
me take me for a walk please that was
kind of perfect yeah it was perfect I
felt pretty good nope he doesn't thought
you just go spraying all right well
thanks prying the sight of you gives
that dog in erection it's playing poker
against itself it appears to be losing
wow these are the jokes people these are
the jokes these are the jokes peasant
Killman folk different from Monster fold
those things like spoiled and when you
eat it passes all the way through your
body disgusting absolutely disgusting
I'd love to try it sometime cuz I'm a
disgusting monster he's a kind of a
disgusting monster gobblers getting
pretty crowded so they're going to start
moving here I want to see the ratio
about the whole culture that's why the
donkey Devon didn't do one I see some
city stickers slipping to that but you
want to slip in you want to slip into
some city slicker slip into some city's
butts down onto their boats yeah I know
I know that dogs are part of the Royal
Guard the elite military group led by
Undine she's rude loud and beats up
everybody who gets in her way
it's no wonder all the kids want to be
like her when they grow up okay yes I
put out a line for some good I put out a
line for some girls today someone told
me that they had plenty of fish in the
sea
the line was cocaine they took it his
grave I'm taking that seriously I'm
literally gonna make out with a goddamn
fish I'm gonna slit it open and shove my
dick in wait is that a fish kinda has a
fish chicken man I think that's a fish
let's take a man who likes fish it's a
fish I'm just gonna no no I'm gonna
pretend it's a chicken man who likes
fish okay why not they'll slit him open
when they're alive they move around they
wiggle on your cock trying to get back
into the sea only thing that's gonna get
into them with a sea is my semen right
into their there their lungs the guilt
in it like thank you there you go
yeah okay yeah it was how does fireman
talk cuz I have no idea I hope he's got
a ton of dialogue with that voice oh you
what the fuck out huh fire oh my god the
scarf mouth Shaw is adorable shouldn't
they would join them bananas made me
funny
oh we all know the Underground has
problems bubbly smile anyway he's a
demon yeah yeah we can't do anything so
I be morose about it are you going to
get me gadget it's like what that's the
demon voice I got you know that's what
this is a great demon awesome this is a
great great demon voice great the
library welcome to the library
yes we know this line is this bill
working in the newspaper this summer the
report that we just filled with comics
and games what my own brand or a
rhinoceros
I'm rhinoceros Brando oh when I was
younger my teachers gave me words such
as when they run out of assignments I
thought they were a waste of time but
look at me now I'm the number one wizard
create an entire underground
Shh we have to be others ever have to be
quiet
that's my quote Kowski ever say look in
your eyes there's someone that has
trouble doing crosswords I love love
hope of compassion this is what people
say monsters souls are made of oh but
the absolute nature of soul is unknown
after all humans have proven their souls
don't need those things to exist monster
history platform was skipping ahead
writer and the humans no longer let me
let me I'm gonna go to one shut up shut
up monster history for I'm ahead of the
game I'm too far ahead of the game what
oh my god there's so much dialogue news
no I I ain't said on they went through
it again Jesus Jesus oh no comeback
scene yes daredevil is good he's so
great so you should watch it also
jessica jones is very good that that npc
is literally named mike mckowski in the
files oh that's funny
carry Lasher testing the tip jar wanted
to say GMP
starring young rich Evans was one of the
most disturbing and interesting examples
of schizophrenia type whatever I've ever
seen was entertained okay that's before
red letter media wouldn't wear on high
school man my call will be did GMP oh
okay
GMP pictures no they go what did the P
stand for stuff pictures like DC Comics
it was like DC Comics you did that
purposefully I didn't you know what my
kid started a little bit before me okay
so I didn't name it
no I didn't name it well there you go
they go must is a report on monster
funerals Jack monster funerals John why
are we reading monster few this was
technically speaking or cool as heck
when monsters get old and kicked the
bucket they turn into dust at funerals
we take that dust and spread it on that
person's favorite thing then their
essence will live on in that
I'm at the page minimum yet and my other
page minimum had I'm kind of sick of
writing this funny did you did you see
the video of the Jar Jar is that there
is this I don't give a shit it also I
have not cuz it's not gonna be charged I
was not going to be a Sith Lord no he's
not going to be a Sith Lord it's really
good well I cuz I know this hold right
like if people are talking about it yeah
I know this whole Jar Jar is a Sith Lord
thing has been like circulating online
for a while now but someone finally put
it in video form which means that I
could you know just listen get out
instead of read yeah it's really funny
and very and apparently it could be
accurate according to the guy who played
Jar Jar and some like cryptic tweets
from Lucasfilm people mm-hmm is this
George Lucas's original treatment this
is what he's all upset about this is
what he's all set about so drawer drawer
was an essential part of my soap opera
plans Jar Jar needs to work he's a more
ambitious carry right I like all that
right but well here you know the the
biggest piece of argument the biggest
argument for Jar Jar being the Sith Lord
that I took away from the video was that
the whole prequels were supposed to
theme with the original vision was a
rhyme right no and I care so little
about all of this it's amazing in the
original movies we had Yoda who was our
when we first met Yoda
he was seemingly like a weirdo goofball
you would never expect him to be a Jedi
Loren right and so then the mirroring in
Jar Jar being the weirdo goofball you'd
never expect him to be in a Sith Lord
you know what you're giving George Lucas
too much credit bets you really think
that man thought that far abyss yes
yes because what else does he do with
his day what else does that man do with
his job he writes he writes star wars
fan fiction unfortunately he also gets
to produce star wars fan fiction but he
can only do fan fiction now alright
while monsters are mostly made of magic
human beings are mostly made of water
humans with their physical forms are far
stronger than us but they will never
know the joy of expressing themselves
through magic they'll never get a bullet
pattern birthday card what your am write
in this book person comes in and picks
up the book instead read it oh sorry
I'm still writing that one what what
because they're made of magic monsters
bodies that would do to this soon the
monster doesn't want to fight its
defenses will weaken and the grille of
the intentions of our enemies the mother
and Tex will hit us that for the being
with a powerful soul struck with the
desire to kill but then the chapter here
monster history part 4 during the humans
no longer we moved out of our old city
home we braved harsh cold damp swampland
and searing heat until we reached what
we now call our capital new home again
our king is really bad at names yeah
I'll bet you crap
that's good Zella bunch of crap let's
get going to the good stuff again it's a
fucking mailbox gotta fight the monsters
mailbox overflowing with unread junk
mail
it's locked we're never gonna have to go
in there
never never never don't fuck with that
flower man why not
it's locked from the inside okay let's
go
oh my god oh it's freezing oh oh
something's happening a little cutscene
oh my god
Oh No it looks like your bone man she'll
burn allow me to tell you about some
complex feelings I think there's not
papyrus I think so that's close enough
feelings lack the joy of finding another
pasta lover and admiration for another's
puzzle solving skills what would you do
buddy
the desire to have a cool smart person
think that you are cool as well these
feelings they must be what you are
feeling right now I can hardly imagine
what it must be like to feel that way
Oh donkey after all I am very great I
don't ever wonder what happened lots of
friends is luck I pity you lonely human
why not you shall be lonely no longer oh
don't I the great papyrus will be yo dot
dot dot wait for it no no this is all
wrong I can't be your friend
you are human I must capture you then I
can't fulfill my lifelong dream
powerful popular prestigious that's
papyrus the newest member of a royal god
the RO God also a rogue on his boat
oh my god we gotta fight papyrus shit
dog all right
I forgot what everything does great oh
no you don't want to fight him oh so you
won't fight then let's see if you can
handle my fave bull blue attack
and I gotta move the heart
no not for blue not for blue yeah oh
look I'm fightin oh great oh oh you're
blue now that's my tack silly human I
got you you don't block oh you're good
you don't block blue attacks who stand
still okay okay what are we doing check
its act to defense he likes to say yeah
yeah okay oh shit yeah ah
Pyrus is preparing a bone attack sounds
terrible right
is preparing a bone attack huh okay how
are we doing this how doing this insult
or flirt or what try flirting you want
to flirt all right no oh he's too busy
fighting this flirt back let's date
later after I capture you mm-hmm take
you out to a nice pasta dinner I'll get
you the red sauce I'm going cream-based
camera flirt again that's slide well
we'll keep flirting too busy fighting to
flirt back
how high can you jump that not high
enough not high enough this is bad I
like watching you jump let's talk about
that Vina yeah
Oh God oh look Pius is trying too hard
to play it cool maybe you need an item
yeah no shit okay no shit yeah
what's what heels I forgotten everything
about this game that wasn't it no no
wasn't it hold up longer to jump higher
yeah yeah nice all right nice
or Pyrus is considering his options
oh you got a flirt again but what he'll
do I have anything that bandaged by his
bandage he'll they'll say bicycle
bicycle by cycle you eat one half of the
bycicle hey you anger jack thank you
yeah
you don't make me use my special attack
it's cold it's called a dozen roses yeah
in your office so oh you are you cold
work oh god I don't love this it smells
like bones what I mean I said keep
flirting
nothing is having any effect effect Jack
I could almost taste my future
popularity looks like that cream bags
pasta I was talking about maybe giving
up grilled chicken on it
oh fuck this somebody gonna try you can
try it oh it's right taking more
bicycles how do i where they have to be
unicycle that's fine great oh fuck oh
fuck
prepares prepares an on bone attack and
then spends a minute minute fixing his
mistake I am Keith David will you give
each other a hug for $3.50 keep up the
good work I can do without getting up
and I'm not getting a like a manly hug
like a like a you know like that was
like a burp looks like a bro hug I
thought okay did you try flirting again
yeah what do you want - what do you want
do you tell me what do you want he keeps
trying to play a go I don't know maybe
maybe toss an insult his way see what
happens is he fighting to accept your
insults Oh Don will be really proud of
me hmm
gosh fuck
get pretty good this how to play cool I
mean really your only option is to flirt
more alright busy fighting back the King
will trim a hedge in the shape of my
smile whoo doggie whoo doggies go be
beep
I just got caps mother will you pious is
cackling yeah I guess you could always
try to hate him I mean we know we know
how that was yeah that usually doesn't
work maybe my brother will well he won't
change very much
you want what do you want Jack what
about I mean we didn't do it what about
mercy he's not yellow we know that
doesn't work huh remember the text has
to be yellow we have to get him before
we can do mercy oh yeah I don't I don't
remember anything about this guy he's
preparing a bone attack the bone attack
keep flirting or something else
I keep flirting I'll have lots of
admirers but one half of a bycicle how
will I know if people sincerely like me
oh I am rough with insecurities oh fuck
Oh papyrus is rattling his bones I think
you're I think you're unnerving him okay
so what do we do keep keep it up or
maybe now that he's insecure maybe now
try to insult them
someone like you is it's really rare
oh no yeah he likes you whoa
see I think he's Indian
oh shit shit shit
I think you got to keep flirting flirt
away I know he's too busy fighting oh I
don't think they'll let you go Oh
perfect perfect that was really great
after you captured and sent away all I
remember is like this was a thing where
as like as long as I keep talking that's
the good that means you're doing it
right right I'm sure I'm sure
remember though who cares give up the
stalls
what's thousand taken damn it damn it
bone nah blurs so those were a bunch of
Bonin hours
and give up oh you gonna have to face my
special attack I'm due or - don't think
I won't
I mean you cute and all but I'm doing I
won't be no cackling cackling eat that
unicycle do it losing a lot of whatever
we have for help I don't like that I
don't think we've ever lost any help
before so that means you're fine and
this is like a boss battle cackling
flirt all right let's see here not not
too long and I will use that special
attack you not got a special kinship and
all I'm doing keep doing this right like
that now no this is your last chance
before my must special attack I'll do it
I'm gonna do it I loved him
he forced me over you my special thing
all right
it's flirting not working no this is it
this is the light that was that he said
one more cut ready
behold my special attack now that is my
special attack hey you stupid dog I'll
get you do you hear me stop munching on
that bone like papyruses walking away
with it are we doing our dead damn dog
come back here with my special attack
that's my boat dog you're my bone dog oh
well I'll just I'll just use it like a
really cool regular tank be prepared
virus is getting ready for a regular
here fine he's an absolutely normal
attack virus fuck you I don't trust it
no I don't trust it
careful I don't yes I know I'm waiting
for that well it is clear you can't
defeat me
oh yeah I can see you shaking in your
boots
therefore ah the great papyrus elect to
grant you pity I will spare you human
hmm now's your chance to accept my mercy
wow wow wow wow I can't even stop
someone as weak as you Oh
Don's gonna be disappointed in me I've
never done wrong garden my friend
quality will remain stagnant really you
wanna be friends with me well then I
guess I guess I can make an allowance
for you we go go bicycling it's gonna be
great do you like roller coasters wow I
have friends and who knew that all I
needed to make them was to give people
awful puzzles and then do you read this
voice I do you taught me a lot human I
hereby grant you permission to pass on
through also you've been flirting with
him the whole time
and then I was like be my friend this is
the child Jack mmm
I just want remind you alone oh I'll
give you directions to the surface
continue forward until you reach the end
of the cavern whoa doggy then when you
reach the capital across the barrier
whoo that's the magical seal trapping us
all underground anything can enter
through it but nothing can exit
hmm step someone with a powerful soul I
guess or some shit I know whoa like
he'll I guess that's why the king wants
to acquire a human his last door he
wants to open Barry with some power
you're gonna need a loss of Jim ah my
voice is not then us buses they can
return to the surface type of powers
motherfucker
oh I almost forgot to tell you to reach
the exit you will have to pass through
the king's castle it's gonna be great
the king of all monsters he's a super
great guy he is well yeah well you know
he's he's like a big fuzzy pushover he's
a great guy you know he's got Netflix
you can watch that Jessica Jones it's
pretty dandy everyone loves him actually
you might not be old enough to watch
Jessica Jones it deals with mature
subject matter I'm certain if you just
say excuse me mr. dreamer can I please
go home I'm in a second you take a step
you want to take a walk around you get
some hydration there we go
whenever you're ready whenever you're
ready we can awaken we can push on okay
great I'm ready all right bill God you
rot - the Baron himself who dog anyway
that's enough talking
jackass thinking thank God I'll be at
home being a super cool friend dog feel
free to come by and hang out it'll be
awesome
I got Hulu yeah he's not cool enough for
Netflix I got that oh all right all
right all right great listen I know you
want me to stick to the script but
sometimes it got a riff a little bit and
let the character breathe you know
who did it who did this awful curse yo
you sneaking out to the sea hurt too
awesome
she's the coolest rap I want to be just
like her when I grow up
hey don't tell my parents I'm here ha ha
he's gonna give you a break but you're
just used gung-ho Jenna you're right
back in my voice repeats the last thing
the sound of rushing water fills you
with determination I just saw him you
look like a sea monster so I wanted to
give him a voice oh here here we go well
here we go this is you know this is
great and then you see a guy with two
jobs before is that what I was doing
instead of boys yeah yeah I'm very
monotone fortunately two jobs means
twice as many legally required breaks
all over my face and grill B's it's a
gay bar
you might not know used to be called the
man all it used to be called grill nice
grill meat yeah it used to be called
grizzly Grizzlies it was a bear gay bar
yeah we're I'm busy okay yeah yeah you
and Sam I'll pry myself away from my
work over here I know a shortcut it
certainly won't lead to danger and
fighting mods
ters lads for sure there are no plot
twists about to happen
Oh Oh see I told you honest a shortcut
huh rich is sneaking a pic of the chat
to see the outrage at his sans voice oh
yeah well remember rich chose this voice
before we knew who this character was
but I love it I love the fact that
you're like grizzly monotone and this is
like a jokey character yeah I think it's
great
I get the short cut hey hey everyone I
love you know that I'm gonna stick with
it I'm gonna stick with ya know I stick
with it I love it hi sans his hands
here's dance hey since these sales who
are you just here for breakfast go get
comfy whoops
watch reset down sometimes wear it
always put whoopee cushions
that's what we call button that sounds
pretty good
well be well have a double order of burg
with the special sauce wink way so what
do you think of my brother he's totally
cool really papyrus you think he's
totally cool he's not I mean all right
we're gonna cool you know I guess here's
the thing like he's not cool but we like
him so that makes him cool right
I guess she's her friend I guess he's
cool I would say we like him but he's
not cool right but us liking him makes
him cool because that we like them of
course he's cool take that thing off if
he absolutely had towels that's not but
um jump which one's bad um jump sorry I
got the wrong dump jump okay Oh at least
he washes it no more for me ketchup is
the sugar paste feeding it did you just
feed me something like like why did I
might watch something on my mouth then
he they wiped it on his ass that's very
weird but dumped him it's it's Shh but I
took all the rim shot rim shot yeah but
um jump yeah
cool or not I have to agree my wrist her
eyes real are you guys ready does my
colleague keeps trying to be a part of
the Royal Guard one day he went to the
house of the head of the Royal Guard and
begged her to let him be in it quick of
course she shut the door on him because
it was midnight but the next day she
woke up and saw him still waiting there
seeing his dedication she decided to
give him warrior training it's still a
work in progress
oh yeah I wanted to ask you have you
ever heard of a talking flower yes yeah
so you know all about and
the echo flower that's in blue so that's
important
remember there are all over the marsh
say something's as ever and they'll
repeat it over and over and over and
what about it well the virus told me
something interesting the other day
sometimes when no one else is around a
flower appears and whispers things to
him flattery advice encouragement that's
nice for a diction
Oh psychics was there robbed duh duh duh
there's got to be a dunt-da-daaaaa right
sure
what about what's the music nope
close-up
someone must be using an echo flower to
play a trick on him keep an eye out okay
thanks I can't believe my light y'all
pulled me away from work for that long
by the way I'm flat broke
can you put the bill I don't care
people want him to be a funny character
that they insist he is so yeah but he
throw that in there every now and then
he tells real jokes you don't have to
like put them in it's just a hundred yes
just ten thousand pounds do we have that
what you want yes or no do you think we
have that much fuckin fight I just did
it just kidding you gonna use the wrong
one I guess actually Oh No run one is
that the same exact nose wow this is
better yeah it is mine is better in
general this is better in general that's
what you're looking for that's what I
was looking for wah-wah wah-wah
the second one I'm getting he's getting
these sound devices working is very
important than his dream put it on my
tab by the way I was going to say
something but I forgot what the thing
that I was going to say is burgers are
just sitting there Jess says I hate
everything about bad audio jokes
tough crowd Jack yeah
tough crowd hey hey no grills said that
your food is probably cold by now all
right we don't need that guys like it
fuck it get get out of here all right
Oh Oh
so you came back to see me blah Pyrus
you must be real serious about this I
think I forgot his voice already or is
just my voice is so fucked
yeah your voice Oh how'd it take you
someplace real special really special a
place I like to spend a lot of time
Jesus
Oh dog Omega D u-turn we're gonna guess
we're going to the echo flower my house
my brother's pet rock he always forgets
to feed it there's no bike as usual I
have to take responsibility garage is
covered in sprinkles that's interesting
with something on fire
aha interested in my food Museum please
peruse my culinary arts show is filled
with containers all labeled spaghetti
the other half contains nothing but an
empty bag of chips over the sink that's
crazy that's crazy it's crazy impressed
I increased the Hatem I think now I can
fit my bones under it take a look-see
oh oh oh call back
you get all back you get out of there
puppy what ketchup middle of cane I
don't get up public still my bone I'll
go get you no curses Oh
thank you stop bagging my life with
instead of music
dirty sock with a series of notes on it
sans please pick up your socks make our
way there you wanna hurry yeah well you
know like it sees the one thing that's
happening here we have to we have to we
have to hear all of the things that
papyrus is gonna say Harry this is very
much don't put it back down moving okay
oh that's so hard that my java says oh
you moved in two inches moving into your
room and don't bring it back okay forget
it
useless bone and brother boom my brother
always goes out to eat but recently he
tried baking something it was like it
was like a quickie a peach is what this
come by like on a quickie but phil was
sugar now an egg substance how absurd
it's a county dog
they might be important dialogue well
well now that is a trash can feel free
to visit it anytime it's pretty cool put
my garbage in there but nice garbage
alright well go to the room sound fire I
can see that now this is something going
on it's not fun
the door is locked okay oh I tried ooh a
classic image it always reminds me of
what's important in life my bones that's
my room it's pretty awesome if you
finished looking around we could go in
and hang out like a pair of very cool
friends it would be awesome hang out in
my room nothing weird about it
are you winking so I think that means
yes oh my god is a racecar bed of course
he does hey those are the attacks I used
on you pretty cool huh
great memories seems like it was only
yesterday even though it basically just
happened yeah he's losing he's losing
his minds folks I was losing his mind
that's my bed hmm
if you ever get to the surface
I have yep if I ever get to the surface
I'd like to drive down a low hallway hmm
wind in my hair
mm-hmm so not my skin goes that's just a
dream cuz I'm Skelton get out of here so
instead I cruise while I snooze
dreaming in the fast lane is check Jack
Jack Jack needs he needs tips for this
outstanding work he's doing this is this
marathon of this voice that is just
going to tear up his lair
and it's only a buck but it I think it's
a good point
Don tain is saying that rule I don't you
know what I can break the rules
cuz I'm a rebel this is is that is that
is that your old clown voice and III
think that's a legitimately good
question is that anything like your old
clown voice okay it might have been it's
been so long
okay I don't you know what actually I
don't I don't think I did anyways I
don't think I did like a clown voice I'm
starting to legitimately feel bad and
anytime I can get you to stop talking
and that voice for bed to heal your
throat no just listen I think it's
better if I just keep going okay okay or
not I don't you all right we'll get to
business I'm not trying to open doors
there are no skeletons inside my closet
except me sometimes look in the closet
favorite customer says play blood-borne
you hack frauds just kidding I love you
do you love me I'm rich Packard I love
you people of the chat thank you for
being here say this in skeletor's voice
skeleton where's a kind of an old time
Villa brain going on yeah hey man yeah
yeah you got a booth in y'all's gonna
yeah Here I am which cracker now I want
you people on the chat thank you for
being here retrieve your edgy man Wow
look in the closet yes we're gonna look
at the closet gonna close
leftover beefcake says this is for some
throat lozenges for Jack
thank you for cake thank you oh and
$2.00 from no message no message okay
who the Internet
I'm quite popular there mm-hmm I'm just
doesn't away from a double-digit
follower count less that's cute yeah of
course
fame has a steep price hmm
jealous troll has besieged my out lapis
Sona always sending me bad puns and a
goofy thunk oh yeah yeah look at the
Skellington thing what's over there he's
not a flag neato oh isn't that flag Nido
hoon down found it for me at the bay
okay I just lost his voice for a second
I think it's from the human world mm-hmm
now I know what you're thinking wow what
a human flag have a cool skeleton owner
mm-hmm well I have a theory I think
humans must have descended from
skeletons it makes perfect sense
it never ends that's book that's that
books one of my favorites um you gotta
you gotta move oh man oh I didn't
advance Puzzle constructions for
critical minds
hmm that next books another one of my
favorites peek-a-boo with fluffy bunny I
knew it I knew I'd eventually I'd pick
up on him you got a man who's clapping
I finally guess the line of dialogue
correctly all right there's action
figures and I think that's everything in
this room okay great oh yes action
figures a great reference for
theoretical battle scenarios how do I
have so many well let's just say they're
from a service smiling man who loves to
surprise people yeah that's right Santa
what Santa Satan s Claus inside the joke
Park was a quantum physics book you look
inside inside the quantum physics book
was another joke book you look inside
there's another quantum physics book you
decide to stop that's great oh it's my
favorite game show it's a stay tuned for
a new program MTT what it's usually
better than this this is just a bad
episode don't judge me I like what I
like you touch the couch it makes a
jingling sound you find a bunch of loose
coins inside the couch you got 20 G that
you stole from your friend I mean
because you're a jerk Thom oh it says
talk to papyrus in his room okay so um
if you've seen everything do you want to
start like hanging out like on the
regular begins the hangouts yes okay
let's hang ten what oh my god hangout
here we are hanging out I've actually
never done this before
hmm-hmm don't worry this is legitimately
creepy this is
you can't spell prepared without several
letters from my name get it tough hires
people a snag no official hangout guy
book from the library my baron hmm we're
ready to have a great time
let's see step one press the C key on
your keyboard for friendship hood what
seeking Wow we I feel so informed I
think we're ready for step two mm-hmm
step two ask them to hang out ready yeah
are you ready human ah the grave for
Paris we'll hang out with you
conferring really Wow yo ah dad I guess
that means it's time for part 3 step 3
put on some nice clothes and show you
care wait a second
wear wear clothing that bandana round
your head you're wearing clothing right
now you doing it not only lamp earlier
today you were also wearing clothing I
love it
you could go what could it be you wanted
to hang out with me from the very
beginning no you planned it all
mouki Doogie you're way better at
hanging out than I am Cutlass humanized
Stinson is your friendship power oh yeah
user to 77221 says this was once a lad
named Evans whose manhood reached up to
the heavens his last she would measure
and ponder how to pleasure and he'd say
take the lift to 11
I don't get it it's fine it's fine okay
yeah
don't think you've bested me yet ah the
great papyrus have never been beaten out
hanging out and I never will I can
easily keep up with you
cue man you see I too can wear clothing
that's outfit too in fact I always wear
my special clothes underneath my regular
clothes just in case someone wants to
you know hang out behold
that's awesome look at his cool dude
shirt me so we're obviously going with I
love it of course no no a genuine
compliment friendship power however you
don't truly understand the hidden power
of this outfit therefore what you just
said is invalid hmm hmm this hangout
won't escalate any further
that means no touching no kissing unless
you found my secret but that wou happen
does he have a heart oh my hat my hat my
hat I suppose I have no choice
what is that under there I know it's a
present oh it's a present
yep
you know disease you notices what do you
do you best friend I'm going no idea we
don't go I don't know well we're going
to friendship eaters probably of course
no that's right you have no idea you're
my best friend now though it appears to
be spaghetti this ain't just play doh
pasta this this is an artisans work
silicon's forget it finally agent ok
cask yes there could buy me master chef
papyrus human this thomna and this
there's no way this can go any further
your face crunches oh no the taste is
what a passion expression you must
really love my cookie and by extension
me maybe even more than I do good good
gravy go check your your you are giving
it your all to know 110 110 percent
I don't 10 110 papyruses human it's
clear now you're completely obsessed
with me and everything you do literally
everything you say it's all bits my sick
human I want you to be happy too
it's time for me to express my feelings
it's time that I told you I papyrus well
I'm flattered you can't serve lunch but
maybe cool it a little bit all right cuz
either way I don't want to seem too fast
you didn't bear nice person
well yeah I'm glad we're friends in
album I mean here you are my bedroom he
now must forgets but I think you can you
know reach your maximum danger if you
live you know Moe for you always say
gravity just you know it's not you it's
me
so it's kind of you
hey I know just the solution you should
hang out with my boss undyne I think if
you spread your friend energy out mo you
have a more healthy lifestyle yeah let's
be friends with him down as you go away
from me for a little bit is all I'm
saying
Jack you're your own Oh Oh No
and and if you ever need to reach me
here's my phone number
but you know don't text me at right I'm
not I'm not embarrassed by Jack I'm
actually worried for Jack
this can't be easy having nerve-racking
stressful under voice it's just never
gonna end
basically just every other character
tonight is gonna like have a rest yeah
yeah you call me anytime
platonically right you got go you get
out of here now I hate to see you go but
I love to watch you leave no I'm sane Oh
see that Wiggum sick sick now we're
gonna need an ambulance and somebody
could somebody call 9-1-1 hmm I'm
lightheaded just after here listening
that sitting next to you for the last
hour I think it's done with now which is
nice people you know it was it was a bad
choice to go with like a screaming raspy
anonymous says for the vocal
reconstruction yeah for the vocal
reconstruction surgery fun we'll all be
fine but thank you thank you