Episode 451
Starship Helldivers (Part 2)
January 25, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7D_wS7D7qg
___________________________________________

Jack you have to pick machines that's
right democracy do you want do more bugs
you want switched cyborgs men oh yeah
what's cyborgs man is that their upper
left okay the indie system yeah we'll
see what's over there the bother has
abandoned us all right let's see you
where are we very easy we were in
challenging Thunder barrage or a grenade
launcher oh I kind of want that grenade
launcher but it's very challenging
well can we handle it we can try we have
we have HPV s and M C X's and if we win
this I get a grenade
GGH Y X's you're just you're making it
all up now I'll bring two tanks oh I'll
bring two tanks and we're gonna want a
lot of anti-tank for very challenging
and Cybermen okay
and if you are a friend of mere jack on
steam yep you can join this game there
are open slots if it's if it's been
about how long do we give them before
somebody old can jump back in yeah like
I'm like 10 minutes less sure 10 you
have it 10 minutes nobody else jumps in
and you want to come back in like Oh
bother or Neil Breen or trashy you can
come back in mm-hmm
the trashy you're gonna get fucked up I
saw you you're like a loved one when we
started do you just get a digger a
cyborg but I don't know they may be this
value in that there's a lesson to be
learned and getting your ass kicked by
cyborg this videogame the scar tissue
heals stronger all right
what Oh what kind of train was this
we're gonna it looks like a fire planet
I don't need my all-terrain booze
probably not speed is the name of the
game okay
mobilize the mobilization field is
fucking me up more than anything it's
done grains I'm gonna try stun grenades
oh I was gonna bring the tanks extra
tank I can replace that with a tank
replace it with a tank and I want
personal shields because I'm a selfish
bastard
oh now we got someone coming in yes for
20 Dark Souls I for 20 Dark Souls
welcome thank you for showing up to this
game for thank you for spreading
democracy
and he'll cheese okay let's do this
we're gonna we're gonna take a short
break after this I'm gonna go see if I
can free up a steam friend space for
other people sure sure sure are you
gonna delete me to hate me as a friend I
have some people who haven't been on
Steam
since III first let my steam name out
there and if somebody hasn't logged in
and like a year I think it's safe yeah
agreed
I think some people became my friend
just so they could talk to me that once
or twice and they didn't really care
about steam there's this friend let's
talk about this a bad man you know I
haven't really heard from me oh my God
we're getting attacked already yeah
Sybok men are not easy okay great oh
wait I grab somebody else's rocket
launcher because I'm dumb that's all
right
well I got the rocket launcher because
I'm dumb okay he'd ever load me great
was it yours jack yeah well oh no I have
a writer I think I grabbed Dark Souls
because I'm used to bringing a rock you
know what here I'm gonna fix that
problem and give you a rocket launcher
better I got I got I got overexcited is
what happened Oh happens grab weapons
yeah yeah absolutely and we'll need this
later anyway so it's all good it's all
good all right there's your rocket
launcher right okay sitting the head to
the right and up there's some science
and an oil thing okay the rightful owner
of that rocket launcher can pick it up
do I bring it maybe it did bring it
I'm gonna sue my brother fucking
Oh Oh our friend left us he's mad at me
he's mad at you for taking this right on
to okay I know you brought one I think
you know what I think I did and I just
forgot I did I'm weird
I'm occasionally I'm occasionally
scatterbrained yeah for whatever reason
when we stream my weight science to the
left I'm on it
my attention span I don't do things as
well well your attention is also on
talking yeah entertainment entertainment
uh purple bassist bazooka hey rich and
Jack just wanted to say thank you and
the whole rlm crew for the awesome job
we did I recently got my RL MTU hack
problems are now represented in Moscow
what whoo that's great that's great well
thanks for watching I'm glad we didn't
go to war 20 years ago because if we did
you never would have got that t-shirt
that's true that's the weed also all be
dead and that's the only reason we're
happy we didn't go to war horrible
radioactive fire right ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready
I like that there's always the TV chair
Moscow seems like they're uh they're
kind of like on our side a bit with
terrorism okay to the right to the right
right right to the right
these look like dogs these are Cybermen
well there's cyborg dogs like those are
definitely cyber though oh I see I'm
with you oh I'll help you help you help
me up we're good
watch out Doug its course
totally wasted that I hate those things
not as much as I hate I hate basically
half of the the cyborg men units because
there are horrible
hey welcome George Foreman oh you have
somebody hey the one the only
heavyweight champion of the world hey I
don't think it's the George it's the
George Foreman that is highly highly
unlikely no I know this to be true get
out of it
I know this to be true it's the one the
only George Foreman I hate how else
they're gonna do that just half the time
this d-pad registers the wrong input oh
well that's that's a that's a problem
okay where we going we're going up into
the left whoa did anybody bring ammo
drops yeah okay okay for a little bit oh
my god we're instead of going straight
to the objective let's let's go around
the edge a bit because I'm looking at
the radar amount of red blips that way
let's go up and like kind of hook around
okay no problem let's do it we're doing
it we're doing it we're doing it we'll
get some mild stuff all right now let's
let's go over and see if we avoided the
patrols my old stealth nope
oh shit I love it
check - yo can you reload me they go
whoa
alright alright alright
we made it we made it everyone's alive
everyone's alive alright a little bit
over right here anyone using keyboard
and mouse no dirt vermin are you where
we're streaming did I wonder what
because they can see this on camp yeah
unless George Foreman is not from the
chat even though we said you weird
friend do you think they'd do this
we're both have control yeah I've heard
some people love the keyboard and mouse
controls and other people can't stand
them so I don't really know I've only
used the controller uh-huh is this this
feels like a controller game this isn't
diming twin sticks are usually
controller games pick me up
your Fuhrman don't walk right in front
of me when I'm shooting it's a good way
to get shot the back of the head
by the way I don't know if anyone just
saw but like that big Hulk of a Cyberman
yeah he was killing us all I needed to
reload through my stun grenade Adam
which made him stop shooting long enough
to reload and okay okay kill him so
those stun grenades kind of I'm kind of
pretty awesome
somebody could drop me some ammo without
a damn great on it I'm on my last clip
on it
you know what's awesome I was fuckin
bayonet yeah those charging dogs I can
just stab right my face nice wait an
ammo drop
it's a little science to the southeast
here you got it yeah I got it yep great
all right all right where we going Oh
science north to let's go north north
yeah we got anyway yeah I hate those big
guys
thank you
oh whoa right in front of me George
Foreman just take that rocket launcher
all right I want to lose it or not it's
just you know what retreat Retreat
retreat
oh no Red Dog
nice nice
oh my god yeah that was scary isn't it
that was that was a little scary
oh that's not me That's not me
what oh did someone just shoot that big
guy with her I think I think he blows up
when he dies oh is that what happened
shit we got a head north for that
objective
let's move out do we want to go south to
pick up our rocket launchers if we try I
guess we don't really need them you need
them it's fine it's fine it's fine great
alright let's head north oh fuck you
Matt you guys a game fuck you the game
Oh and left a little bit oh here's some
science on it got it okay left a little
bit
Oh with some science eat some yep where
is it Oh
Metal Detectors we gotta find the the
unexploded ordnance oh that's right
that's right and deactivate him because
it's very important that we deactivate
the explosives on the bub think we'd be
planting more expose more explosives
that's fine that's fine this is the game
I fuckin hate them so much
the Hulk's yep
as probably me that shot you sorry about
that Hulk is still there all right
I only calling in a friend oh never mind
it's already done it
anyone have any ammo I don't you know
what I got know about time I dig this
out
Hey yep yep time of the big guns
so what else what a drive yeah I'll go
all right that's fun
I'll turn it great everybody in
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
am i gone down there whoa we're getting
out of here
freedom see don't drive into the sights
oh you're on it era I'm gonna just keep
driving keep driving I'll catch up okay
now hopefully did you keep going keep on
keep going
sorry that's good that's good all right
thank you
doo doo doo doo doo doo did it to do Ron
driving
Hey look at all these guys all praise be
the teachings of Karl Marx well I don't
know that's a charge for that it said
all right what do we do here
we can either deactivate the the
anti-air guns or I can just shoot them
which is probably quicker okay I will
drive so where's the last one wait wait
wait back up back up back up back up
don't go okay shoot these guys behind
this Ridge just rival with him I'm gonna
save the ammo where are we going oh
there that's it right yeah
stage right get out that gets our Jevons
right out whoa sometimes driving this
car is hard science yeah that science
nope this way this thing is hard to move
sometimes I know let's take some getting
used to
right don't fall off a cliff and we're
fine not falling off a cliff
plow into them I don't know okay here it
forcement I got it I got it call the
coal motherfucking this shuttle nope I'm
gonna die oh shit
I didn't know you were there what hey I
shot you I didn't know that you were
there I was I was calling in a shuttle I
was in the middle of calling in a
shuttle to get us off this plan I like
hold on the shuttle over seven and I'm
the hero and you're dead you're just
dead you glory stealing son of a bitch
turret coming down
Olof ah guro you guys are run a great
show you can can you find a way to embed
the chat in the video like the ps4 does
the VOD czar only half is fun without it
you know we we had talked about that I I
don't much care for that I know like
part of the part of the fun is like our
interaction with the chat but I don't
want the chat like on the video forever
I always imagined somebody's gonna say
something just truly horrible and then
it's embedded in another wise fun video
forever right cuz it only takes one
jacket I'm not accusing you know all of
our entire fanbase here big jackass it
just takes one jerk right oh I was so
stupid of me I basically walked right in
front of a turret oh like slowly even
whoa up ship
oh I walked in front of the turret on my
way to the dropship thank you let's roll
get out of there I'm rambling it fuck
you I don't give them the dropship gets
blown up fuck you as far as I know it
can't know front of them that was a nice
mission we did it we worked as a team
umm he more I'm reluctant to tell dread
believe huh he said he's been hurtful
well I guess it the said he's here for
this whole set no matter what right red
Red Dog I want to try Red Dog and stay
for the planet to capture the planet I
want to try for the hardest one and I
want a good team with us when we do it
you can't choose man I want that bug
Cape Jack there's a bug Cape this is a
they get the special Cape for being like
the further furthest planet over to the
right on the screen okay
I want that Cape okay that seemed like a
pretty good team right there this this
is my secret plan for the stream I just
wanted to assemble it seems good enough
to get me that cape that's it it's all
been a ruse oh I'm sorry
Brad no matter what I know I said leave
now I hear you're good for this whole
planet no matter what I think so yeah
read stay for the planter it would feel
unfair to ask him to stay when everybody
else has to get out
yeah but he's good he's lovely team but
that's incredibly shellfish of you this
is it horribly selfish no shellfish
horribly selfish it's very shellfish of
you is that still you George Foreman or
now do we have someone different with
question mark question mark question
mark question mark question mark
question mark question mark that's weird
they're not weird I think it's the same
person but they just went there question
marks yeah let's get moving
either goodbye George Foreman and
welcome question mark or congratulations
on the new name George Foreman now the
way that works
kefir which ever were you doing oh here
we go okay so here's gonna be the plan
we're gonna start over here get all of
our shit we're gonna hop up to this guy
we're gonna go to this guy go to this
guy go to this guy kind of goes oh wait
oh is this where we need to drop off
this yes yes so we should probably still
do the suitcase first but instead of
going right to the drop-off line yeah we
go to a little bit self because that
other one to that that one that looks
like a big rectangle yeah that also has
to go to that area okay so I say
suitcase then south to the people it's
gonna be rescue people okay and then we
take them all up okay did the thing was
the case and the people great I think
that's a great plan let's do it
and I'm keeping my same damn low down
yeah kick-ass mess
remember remember Rama Rama Rama okay
trying to eliminate the enemy patrols
before they have a chance to sound the
alarm
yeah yes that's very important not
always easy
how do you know what a patrol is they're
just like any bug you see it's no it's a
specific unit what do they look like the
tiny ones
the skinny ones yeah but they call a lot
of big ones in oh sure oh we're doing
less the bugs the cyborgs they're the
smaller humanoid once our dogs don't the
dogs don't call the dogs don't call and
bitten people with a smaller humanoid
ones do okay stand by everybody say bye
say bye driving it was a nice anyway I
want to do the hardest difficulty I also
want to do a boss fight oh there's a
boss fight is boss fights we can do the
cyborg boss
alright let's head wait so many somebody
who doesn't have a backpack want to grab
the support kit down there for reloads
oh I already I already have one
George alright big George alright so
we're using that Amal I'm just can't
take it alright so head north head north
wait we got a whole bunch of science to
the left ok science science takes
priority oh damn look at that science oh
man oh damn science that's science you
all right
ok now north we'll come back for the
other science later that's kind of near
the other objectives so it'll be
efficient science it will get it get
that science Bill Nye the Science Guy
bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill
bill
but what percentage of our audience gets
that I'm pursuing a high on a very high
100% we cater to a more intelligent
crowd that's that nice ok everyone knows
Bill Nye that
there might be a lot of people who are
familiar with him but aren't familiar
with why he's called the science guy
it's impossible do you think we've
reached that point it sure was been on
the air on a long time people more know
Bill Nye oh this Bill Nye just on the
internet sure debates and wherever he
had a popular children's show that
taught simple science a mystery
somebody grab that son I suppose turned
away for a second and the science
vanished in an entertaining fashion he
explained simple scientific concepts and
an entertainment fad entertaining
fashion who's that this guy at rescue
guys don't shoot them let's get the
science as little bits out of here first
okay all right
all right
I can't do much I got the damn pistol
because I'm carrying the case right okay
so what are we doing take these people
these people up how do we do that
no you just talk to them they'll follow
us okay great
where we going probably probably up and
around this way looks it's faster okay
okay okay I stay behind here are there
six gardeners six that's military talk
great you're doing great great don't
these people need to get in there what
do we do with the supplies oh when I use
a rocket launcher which we haven't done
yet you can reload me which is much
quicker than reloading the rocket
launcher just yourself run to this
building
like I'm gonna use rocket launcher
aren't way no I'm too close we're gonna
kill everybody if I do that wait there
we go now you can reload somebody who
reload me yeah like Jack needs a reload
thank you thank you thank you all right
so do you want to yeah let's get all the
science whoa whoa whoa we got we got a
big guy you got a big guy over here sure
but I can't I can't see it oh that's a
real big guy that's the objective big
guy yes nice got him double rocket
launch oh shit thank you
get up and run run run Forrest run run
nope
reinforcements gone reinforcements
oh shit okay Abbi come on run Jack run
down Frank running running
I got cover behind the rocks I can get
myself up don't worry about me okay
shit
shit where's my pistol
okay all right I think we probably need
an ammo drop on it I'm on it
ammo drop incoming our watch out George
don't let that fall on you five seconds
ammo drop my time oh shit that was Mike
that was all me I'm sorry a shot red
with an armor-piercing round all right
get the tarnish on it I'm on it
nope nice day way up on earth car get to
the chopper somebody somebody who's not
driving use the radar tell me where to
go for science actually let's grab what
are we grabbing I just grabbed that ammo
we need that figure we could pick up
science great grow while we're here
while we're here and doing pretty well
honestly hexa mixer thank you for the
tip no message I'm just waiting for the
big guys to shoot with my big gun all
right where should I go north north yep
take a right at this fork and there's
some science okay I get it all right
all right okay take a left here see your
brother recently bought Mass Effect 3
and he he loved the others well he's
gonna tell them to be prepared to cry
all right I'll left
oh sorry I left again
go
yep down and straight down and there's
some science or tape all right okay and
now that way sorry end down don't ya
so have that way and yeah now straight
down that's fine straight down you got
some science Oh
okay and then I think there is some
science on the other side of the drop
point okay where's the rough like to the
left straight left yeah
this vehicle is just fucking great great
there it is
okay all right let's do this
someone call the dropship we've run into
that problem okay let's do this
I'm ready got this big turret thing can
I hit other people with this the trick
yes
okay I don't know if it was like above
people so it didn't no no it's above
Austin it would just be above the
enemies too right don't die on me me
fucking some shit up love it
yeah we're a fully functional team now
we have we have recovered from the early
the early stream oh noes
yeah oh yeah I know where it we're in
the groove now
also this thing yeah it's good yeah it
took me a long time to get out like the
suicide mission difficult oh yeah
hooray for democracy freedom by the way
El Nino is so real today in its December
in Wisconsin and it was 60 degrees this
afternoon you know you know what you're
not hearing time you're not hearing the
people who go little warming whatever
whatever it's just a little bit chilly
out right now hearing those people don't
they're all gone that's weird
just a normal variation in temperature L
mean here am i right not anything else
did you do five science saved up since
we started I have 11 you got science up
the ass I got so much science sir right
okay we have one more one more of this
planet one more and we take the planet
then we're gonna try some difficult shit
oh man okay this is uh activate 5:00
a.m. sights repair and fire artillery
and assassinate alright those are our
missions let's roll let's roll out
I think we have too many rocket
launchers we have a lot of ROM I'm
wondering what I should switch to I'm
gonna start us down here kind of in this
area and then we're just gonna we're
gonna kind of like go all the way around
the circle here but I'll start us down
here in case there's signs down here
that sounds fine that sounds fine just
want to let you guys know so we're gonna
move up and to the right do the full
circle arc back down what should I bring
I find myself not using my turret as
much as I would like
and I could bring an airstrike oh wait I
have a car - you'd probably unlocked it
since we what right do you want me to
bring my car well um II really we've
only been using the one that we're okay
great
I mean I got a second one just in case
oh you sure but if you wanted to bring
something else I could bring my car but
that's it's fine everything's fine most
of it most things are fine everything
most mostly I got a different car the
car I got us the nice one
I'm just saying no you're right I'm not
trying to be a jerk to saying this look
I have the deluxe modeling yeah I know
and it's it's it's fully you have the
touring Edition a little DVD player I've
got the Escalade drop-down screen for
I've got the Escalade you've got I've
got the towpath let's hope has the
gremlin of mercury topaz NPR my ass
where's my goddamn tote bag you fuckers
and lols suck my cock yes what is your
favorite alcohol and I'm dead how am i
dead already
Todd probably fell on it there we go who
said that
what is your favorite that is I eyes on
mage
I've on neighthan mage Ivan mage fate
wants to know favorite uh hey what my oh
that is my thing wasn't Jonah wants to
know our favorite alcohol and cheese
very important honestly American it's
got to be good deli American they can't
be that craft crap
oh you fuckers so don't run in front of
the laser I was getting my bazooka
you're getting a bazooka when there was
a giant machine gun man there honey got
you I could have gotten it I question
that was debris as you should
did I get a new bazooka did someone else
get it okay where we going oh yeah we
were checking for science no son wait
did you take my bazooka I maybe when I
was picking you up I accidentally got
your bazooka okay all right well that's
uh that's fine that's fine
you've got my nice laser you use that
laser Jack it's awesome okay not now of
course
okay so favorite so cheesy so what I
want to mark and that's so boring right
I also really love monster oh yeah
monsters are good fabulous cheese once
there's a fine cheese oh okay here's
here's uh this thingy monster is a fine
cheese I agree
Caryn's funded Havarti Havarti
and I'm not like a super George Foreman
likes goat cheese I'm not sure if it's
Joker where do you where do you go to
find goat cheese you hear about goat
cheese but it's not like I've ever seen
it a store is it regional no it's fine
um North no you find goat cheese North
you can nor if you find it North now you
can find it at any store like especially
like specialty stores now like Oh see I
guess feta is goat cheese I take that
back
Oh feta is goat cheese oh then yeah I
love that take that back
it's really easy to find I love feta
where am I am i what a big fan of feta
cheese that you know but I love like
kind of wait besides to the right to the
right
shit
get me Jack pick me up there nope no how
about that all right that's fair enough
yeah amen
all right now you fucker you're gonna
die he did great I think that much to do
with unfortunate okay I need some of
that ammo is that okay whoever dropped
that yeah okay oh we got a revived yeah
I'm gonna cool down I got okay I use the
objective science it's not science
actually that's part of the art it's
part of the subjective oh great we have
to repair the artillery gun and we have
loaded and that's a shell
option
that dogs dogs dogs
okay all right load the shells we gotta
find him okay I put one in already so
they're just around here somewhere done
ah no love uh let's see here cricket
csgo says love the channel is this your
real job part of it we also do movie
reviews online on the youtubes on the
youtubes I'm also like Jack does lots of
editing kind of videography work
freelance video production and editing
Jack did you want to pick up the big
laser that's down here before we lose it
Wally move away yeah yeah
right this is crazy I have we found all
the shells no no we're not here yet
wow they're just they're there no I see
it I got it
coming coming coming
and drop
make up nice okay to the left
Jackie have a super-pac reload me coming
right back away nope
hit a shield oh good so yeah this is
part of our real job obviously it's a
source of income for for me the the
majority of my income comes from
corporate editing jobs I make comedy
videos I work a little bit with
funnyordie.com and I do all that I do a
bunch of boring stuff and then I do this
which is great which is where I get to
have fun and play video games mix work
and play this one this play girls become
like our play date watch out George
you're gonna you're gonna get a thing
drop down your head you're gonna get
dead George I got you do we need to do
why are we hanging around here shooting
we should go to the next place we need
to go we should let's wait till George
drops and then we'll go okay left
alright wait I didn't here's George
yes oh wait wait wait George dirt
goddamnit George
okay phase 1
phase one complete deploying defensive
assets
phase two
complete have we SES cricket csgo says
have you guys ever considered doing
board games on this room yes we've done
it once and we've done it once and it
was an immense amount of fun and I love
board games I'm a big board game person
it's that's a little tougher just cuz we
need more people
yeah and it's a little tougher to set up
but yes we will be doing more board
games especially if we could convince
more people to come also George just
saying no when you get like burnt burnt
like that by lava or something if you go
into cover that puts the flame out then
you don't need to be revived you can
kind of rescue yourself that way all
right so where are you going
south-south should i bust out the Jeep
yes all right
Busta Najib
James in this area
on it thank you
ship shook that got George Berman shoot
the guy shoot the guy you got that you
got the cannons on the side or see on
the other side it's on the other side
all right all right heads up somebody
pop open their map and steer me you're
there there's an assassination mission
ahead right right now we got science
that one oh sure shoot a boobs nice all
right okay and then oh is straight north
there it is right there oh do we want to
get science first is there anything left
I don't see anything on the map bring my
UAV this time oh okay all right we're
good then
I'm in here
coming I got a turd over here and I'm in
the truck so we're gonna fuck some shit
up yeah apparently the thing I fucked up
was me yep very sorry about that
I dropped another one very sorry George
Foreman this is all this is embarrassing
that was a little embarrassing
I dropped another tank you want to use
the tour again I do very sorry I wanted
to get it close to the tank obviously
you know to be effective so like me and
the tank could work together I think
people in this game they're pretty good
about feeling bad about accident I do I
legitimately feel bad that was one guy
we're waiting for the shuttle I
explained a couple days ago and I was I
was in a mech mmm and one of my own
teammates threw a grenade at me he
didn't destroy the mech but I just
walked over I stomped him to death are
you doing I'm gonna match right cricket
csgo says y'all missed my previous two
donations I I guess this one for science
to test if I'm doing this wrong we
tucked we mentioned your your board you
asked us about real job and board game
stream we got those too so oh I need to
get out of here to the dropship yes that
would be wise sorry I was I was uh so if
if you didn't hear those or if there was
two more that we missed our return let's
just - unlike those tube there might be
- maybe I think we've been good about
reading everyone today though I think so
they can play whatever they want as long
as undertale has never featured again i
like everywhere else loves yeah loves
that except for you I don't know why but
they're okay streams rich did you watch
the first hour of XCOM - yeah yeah I
know someone I know that was the first
hour what it was just it was an hour
worth of gameplay yeah and like the
first 20 to 30 minutes was just
walking around the character
customization screen and I'm just like
oh yeah uh-huh
oh oh you can give them custom animation
styled to match with the personality
you've given them in your head oh rich
rich just said to me today's like we're
we're doing XCOM 2 for the show and I
don't care if you like it or not I was
like I expect that fully and he's like
he's like not only are we're doing it
for the show I'm streaming it 24 hours a
day I'm living at the studio so I can
stream XCOM to for 24 hours a day
oh yeah we got the grenade lunch
gobbledygook says good episode of prereq
I like turn-based games so I'll have to
check out hard West Oh and Sunday if you
guys get a chance you should check out
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks
I will be Cooke's it's a thing that's a
thing that's a thing did we beat that
planet we beat the whole planet so
what's the plan we asking ready to step
out are we we are we should be keeping
read and are we going for the suicide
mission yeah you know what that's the
right thing read thank you for your help
thank you for playing thank you for
democracy and George what about George
Foreman well you see you use those his
first one first planet we're don't
planets I think okay George Foreman you
stick around
yes George Foreman is good for one more
planet unless he wants to leave that's a
damn fine great okay so then we need it
we need another person someone else to
step on up and what are we doing here
all right
we can either do a boss which I'd want
for for the boss yeah or we could do the
I want the bug cave let's do the hardest
bug one I want that bug cape jack I'm
wanted okay
I need it I need it fuck hey you see
that cape right there that's the of the
illuminatus whatever they're called is
their cave I want I want all the capes
okay you want all the cave so what's the
what's the hardest bug go all the way
over the right oh no it's the hardest
one cuz it's got a ring around I don't
geez
oh my god difficulty what's it say hold
I but just hold I'd was the name of the
game
of course and it's and it's a volcanic
yes well great let's do it
yes this is gonna be horrible it's gonna
be horrible we're gonna great so we're
gonna fucking slaughter what a terrible
idea I know I know
what a terrible and I love it there's
only three of us
I really really liked the last episode
of prereq you know we talked about this
a little but I thought it was I thought
it was a quality episode I and I both
rich and I were a little bit worried
because you know we weren't we're doing
like something weird where you reviewed
a game and I reviewed again exactly the
same game and you know rich was doing
most of the talking for our worst I was
doing most the time for battlefield but
I think we made her points got in got
out I mean everything I had to say about
cuz I I freely admit I hate that fucking
style of shooter right now front
wouldn't you know right it could have
been the best that type of shooter ever
haven't even like I don't like this so I
I'm mostly just talking about like you
know the business practice behind it
like me and their their bullshit right
not seem to work all right
wait didn't I get a where's my room do I
want to do that I don't want to keep
doing what I've been doing her woo
lowers the cooldown for all your
stratagems by 40% that's good if you're
using a lot of like airstrike kind of
stuffs sure its stun grenades have been
a little you know if I'm careful yeah
it's like when there it is my grenade
launcher that's what we want
fuck yeah grenades motherfucker free to
freedom don't want this
I guess I don't need a rocket launcher
to do okay
I'm gonna use the my stratagem priority
and then I have two air strikes so I can
keep reusing those for the big guys it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great great
great can we back out for one second we
can back out for one second I wish -
really I'm gonna upgrade my thing so we
can detect the science modules okay
excuse me Jackie I can't go somebody's
in my way oh we have a new person yeah
oh we have 5.56 millimeter freedom
delivery whoa join in the party oh yeah
right out right out right on crocodile
brain we're not playing a different game
this is what we're playing tonight and
we love it if you don't like it no you
know the door is we enjoy this game a
lot it's it's tough I know cuz both rich
and I are playing which means that we're
not paying attention to our this is a
game or game everyone and then another
time we'll do a more chatty one it's
gonna be great it's gonna be Cooke going
do enjoy or we're trying to mix it up my
babies it's gonna be great
I'm thinking I'm making a decision rich
rich is making a tactical decision about
his research points I'm not even gonna
use my research points I'm gonna wait on
limping fish says it's 3:43 a.m. and I
have work tomorrow
oh then go to bed man what are you doing
what are you doing get out see if we do
okay all right if this doesn't work then
we'll switch our strategy over right
let's go let's do this
limping fish thanks for coming but yeah
man yeah we played this last week but we
played it badly last week cuz we just
started playing it all right we knew
this rich I believe in us
all right we're gonna have to play this
smart Oh
we're gonna try and avoid like playing
it's mine we have that we have to hit
those Scouts quickly we can't let them
call on reinforcements okay sure
what do you consider the best way to
serve eggs scrambled No well it depends
are you are you cooking the eggs for
someone else or are you cooking them for
yourself if you are cooking them for
yourself the best ways hard-boiled the
reason I say hard-boiled is because it's
the easiest to do so it's not very
time-consuming and it preserves all of
the egg Jack can you can you be my
reloader yeah I can be real oh okay grab
your gun I got it probably gonna end up
doing that a lot okay just let me know
just let me know when you need it all
right where we going
we're going up freedom delivery and
George you guys are on Scout duty so
anytime you see small bugs go apeshit on
them okay head north
I hadn't Earth
a little bit science straight up here
yeah keeping half of Scots keeping half
of scouts alright good good good alright
okay to the right people
yep everything where we taking them or
don't tell us oh we don't have yet
straight up one wait let's get the
science in this area I'm going out
science
right up here all that way if these
people are following me yeah they should
the Saudis hold will stay go back down
let's find the people click on
right good good good okay all right
where we going oh it's just straight up
wait wait I'm using these Scouts
frequently applied probably better see
patrols and whatnot and science let's
let's get the missiles on the way to
dropping them off so let's head a little
bit north and right okay because
otherwise we're doing backtracking sure
and I'm checking my radar recently just
to see if a patrol sneaking up on us
this ship ease bugs straight north so
yeah oh we're doing great we're doing
great
everyone's on point all right a little
bit to the right
actually this should be science down I
got it got it okay all right
and I rejected was straight north of us
okay I commit all right
defend
- the thugs are up up to the left here
they come
closing in on us fast Burgos ain't no
our senses are the acid
load your fucker
whoo
what happened the objective blew up
which is fine okay
fridge is fine let's get down let's go
down and away from these guys I think we
lost like half of our scientists that
you know what I don't care
great
Oh
Oh
shit
nope okay Jackie to reload me nope
I died oh no no wait run away get
somewhere safe and then calls back
uh-huh Jeff where'd you drop the support
kit it's over there over there who knows
where that means yeah
over here that's over here somewhere
grab it grab it reload me grab it and
reload maybe I don't have it I don't
have it I don't see it it's right it's
right by me right with a far right the
screen screen right come in come in
I have no idea where I am picking on bet
that's why you have no idea what you
want
Retreat retreat freedom isn't free you
know
but we are we are playing this is this
is this is the test is the highest
difficulty right right okay here we go
here we go
alright well let's just just go north
fuck these guys alright
wait we got a heal gun does anybody want
to grab it yeah do I'm go grab go grab
it go grab it go grab it I don't know
who dropped that I hope you don't mind
us taking it but okay let's go we're
we're gone
north and a little left
I wish I grabbed that assault rifle oh
shit
run just run run run north run north
running North signs I got it
keep running left left well we can go
around we go around it's fine
okay
oh there it is 30s we're here
my god we have to go to the right to the
right
my is
yeah the grenades aren't gonna do jack
shit against those guys maybe basically
you need a rocket launcher or or like
that big heavy tank
oh shit forget it I'm dead
move like flak flak cannon
nice
okay where we're going running north
just to get away from these guys great
right
we're gonna regroup and we're gonna take
my Jeep yes that's a good idea
well what's right the real gun can stun
him so I'm just gonna keep staring him
somebody getting that turret and blow
his ass up on it on it
well both of their asses up we got two
now hey got him all right
let's roll out where are we going down
hold it stop one second one second I'm
gonna drop a probe so we can have Intel
all right okay down in to the left but
pretty far down actually don't you want
do we want to get that science alright
we'll get a shitload of science up and
basis straight to the right sure to the
left yeah left I'm sorry yeah okay head
to the left I'm not driving up a bit
that's on the other side of this crater
on our left
take someone go grab that there it is
don't stop stop stop stop
you got
alright there's another one left in
North yeah North North first yeah
straight up hook to the left around that
that his works do you just
left left left left and down there oh
god get out of the molten lava it's okay
no don't go over the cliff come too far
alright stop I said am I stuck in here I
can't get out what weird I was weird
oh no you're on your map oh that
explains it okay okay so we're going to
straight down wait yes straight down
downer galuf you go on that side it goes
it goes around either way
to turn didn't did alright stop there is
got it go bug okay
straight down oh there's two right that
we got shit load over him
it's
all right got it
alright go left
actually well we got the tank let's kill
that let's go about hive this is easier
to kill the hive entangle
all right shoot the holes
good right back up
forget that science for now we'll come
back for left's we'll look at the the
missing Watchers left in a little bit
salt
it's on the other side of this thing
salt
there you go
all right defend me I'm gonna do this
just drive back and forth smooth some
bugs I like it
shit got it alright gets back aboard oh
you know what what some love
correct
oh wait wait wait wait fuck no Hubbell
that I'm getting back in if I can
struggle or drive away
get out of the sink get out of take no
no I accidentally got back in the tank
that was my fault
and I feel bad we'll be fine we'll be
fine okay well we will be fine
we'll be fine right
okay where we're going straight on
straight right yeah let's go
okay now up a little bit
right over here to the right to the
right and up there it is
ton of science behind it hurts my soul
but but okay but okay okay
every time I grab this thing I've ever
read not bringing
my assault rifle
sure
somebody getting this this currently if
I said help defend the know you shot me
ill the church at me
fuck nope oh and it's dead no shit
oh fuck you game oh my god Oh
what's your cooldown like I'm just
kidding just get in just get in we're on
the other side Jack that's it wasn't me
oh did we get a whole thing filled for
that now I wonder I mean we had none of
us arrived but we we completed one
objective oh we don't get any credit for
any of that yeah
oh that bites that bites my fuckin nut
sack
would you like to twirl oh we should
have gotten that we were close we were
really close yeah okay I do I'm just
let's do it I'm just I'm just you just
I'm giving it you just feelin it you
want to start up here and try to get all
that science right away know the path we
took worked the bathrooms everywhere
okay it's okay George it's okay I
panicked yeah hey war its war man these
these things didn't seem to work too
great and I'm gonna house my rocket
launcher though okay I'm not ready at
home
okay rocket launcher yeah
tanks and beacon yeah all right what's
my favorite beer all sorts of beer I
enjoyed lots of kinds of beers I've been
drinking a lot of IPAs did you drink the
kind the kind of drink to get you drunk
though that's the kind of beer that I
enjoy the most
so a lot of IPAs have been drinking
lately mostly because the higher alcohol
content there was this really amazing
beer that I had that someone sent me
actually it might have been Oh bother
urban chestnut brewing makes a really
amazing beer and it's not a around here
a night so I think about it often it
fills me with regret that it is not
close way too nicely just just to make
sure everything is good Oh bother
I really was just fuckin with you about
your voice your voice is perfectly
normal
that was me having a laugh because I'm
an asshole right okay
mo if nobody else wants it alright north
okay
north let's go just gonna look exactly
like it did last time only we're not
gonna fuck up at the end that's true
that is the plan right science people do
you want to go for those with science in
the middle or not let's go for it
okay up into the left be careful for
Scouts
okay let's get these suits north I'm
getting greedy and I don't care I'm
getting greedy yeah we did it we did it
all right right okay there's a scouting
party right there good ready to shoot
I've run run right
be careful with those grenades Jack
That's not me rich I would see you
throwing grenades or it's me and it's my
grenade launcher oh then I pick up your
grenade launcher
all right trying to heal somebody I must
have picked up your her name launcher
haha okay she took a grenade launcher
yeah I'm blaming you no easy to do oh
you got it already you know rich you
were tossing grenades oh you took
satchel charges what the fuck me yep no
I have a grenade launcher someone
successful charges and I pick them up I
can't get rid of them they're okay well
don't blame us for that wait wait we
left the guy behind me I love the guy
behind good we gonna have to go right
follow all right all right everything
went wrong everything went wrong we're
like right away that it's recoverable
we're all alive great where are we going
up oh shit my rocket launcher is now
gone because I have the stupid satchel
thing and I can't shoot him with a
rocket jack you you're gonna have to I
don't have to what you have the ability
you have the obliterator thing shoot him
look I don't know the one you guys have
got a weapon that looks like it might be
explosive shoot the thing I'm shooting
the thing shoot the thing with you thing
I did it well you shot the dead thing
with your thing this isn't gonna help
and now I'm dead again instance
everything Oh God this has gone even
worse this is this is a gun
significantly worse which lets all it's
a scout so you get caught you're fucked
where is my rocket launcher because we
need that now I have no idea okay can I
wait where are we going which I don't
know at this point we've we've gotten
completely obliterated
up and right I'm gonna find that rocket
launcher because we mean we have Ryan
Roger unless somebody else brought one
open to the right where did it go order
to go yes by the dead guys alright good
so he grabs pork it got it alright
load me wait I got a load I got a charge
and oh I hit the other smaller bug that
was in front of me because fuck those
smaller buns sure is rich sure is great
disaster check load me up
I've run away run away run away run
right all right here we go
Jack Loeb Georgia for a large littler
load freedom item all right are we
missing a support kit I have no idea we
got to go up all right we have this
demolisher things that yours Janek
originally whose what's that I don't
know back on a mission okay okay we lost
an objective that's fine no it's fine
you can lose objectives in this it's not
gonna destroy you
what does that mean what does that red
marker down there mean oh that's the one
we lost okay I get it I get it
yep Scouts whoa whoa whoa
yeah Scouts down down nice I'll cover
this top area
and the torte will do nicely yes okay
objective complete great that was the
enemy extermination that's not nothing
sorry that's fine that's fine all right
somebody dropped ammo
take a ride alone sure I've got one
is it is it okay if I take some of this
ammo I think I think that was the idea I
think you called for it earlier
all right good good good
okay where we're going up into the left
yeah
Matt Damon I'll just run fucking fucking
fucking me we got to get the next thing
great have you guys seen the gamer ronan
game it's a it's like gunpoint but with
samurais no left
Oh straight left I got it I got a
decently upgraded pistol unless
somebody's got something better
that's one-handed nope right right right
up patrols up ahead shoot the scouts all
right patrols below us all right all
right
I'm getting greedy good all right
where's the next major thing we can't go
along the edge shut up top
I'll say this area's kind of was pretty
clear earlier
science greedy yeah we're gonna use that
to upgrade shit
Sonne helps fund this game I I would
believe you know Sony is Sony is trying
I think that's great
they just have to stop fucking around
with Sonic the Hedgehog all right a
little bit sound but something I want to
grab yes
where's ya
Chuck duck
right down Oh what are just more lava
it's like a lava planet
all right this way this way okay
all right let's go down
uh-huh which I love it
then left
standby equipment on its way without an
ammo drop yeah that's never scouting
up north this could somebody do enameled
right I'll do it
yeah well it's fine
everybody load up yeah
alright then right and then we're gonna
kill these guys yeah all right right
right there's one more ammo case okay
should be right there
and let's get those missile launchers
first far left and I see then once we
get the missile launchers then I'll drop
a tank I'm sure that I'll be easy JP
will take that to the hive and then will
also use it to protect us at the the
shuttle smart chit budget runaway check
okay
poisoned there's gonna be Scouts down to
our left somewhere south of us a lot of
them actually be afraid they're probably
right on the other side of the fucking
building
well someone god yeah you see that yep
great thanks slow take it slow
this one north that no he's gone okay
yes Morgan does work
I'm gonna start the process
in this textbook textbooks what this is
freedom
good good
no swarms are activated that was great
drop it of tank okay
let's rock and roll say hello to
democracy motherfuckers enjoy a cup of
my Liberty nice I got one I can't take
any credit for that you hear that
playing this game all the time - oh
there we go all right I stuck a table
it's not gonna tree apparently you get
stuck in a tree oh fuck
getting out of here get my own it's
right there all right we'll just start
fucking shooting everything
thank you thank you
hooray let's do this rich oh yes we've
got heel guns all right we're doing
great we're doing great
he's the big turret I'm these fuckers
I'm I am doing it move slowly
okay we're doing it we're doing it we're
doing it we're doing it
Oh
everybody's still here everybody's still
here great everybody's still here 15
seconds
we still got 15 seconds to die rich
don't woo yet that felt like a premature
whoo freedom never sleeps it would take
some grand incompetence to fail them out
well if it's one thing I'm good at its
grand incompetence on the boat nice that
was great nice that's how you do it
your donations are out of sync they're
showing up a lot later apparently when
he said you know I'm checking to see if
you read it you know we read the - it's
cuz he sent those water like oh that's
some kind of technical issue on there
and I can only imagine it has to go
through a third party thing and process
the money so I can only assume that's
yeah yeah so whoo nice one so we only
failed one objective we want our site we
lost ourselves funds that's fine I'm
just saying yeah
George Foreman's crazy ghost Oh George
Foreman that was great that felt great
that felt like a victory they felt like
us working together all that science all
that oh all that science expert crazy go
says next person can join thank you
George Moore thank you George Foreman we
everything brought democracy to those
communist bugs we got them
so I guess then hit the button oh right
thank you sorry thank you no that's okay
that's okay many apologies so wait you
got a cape now no we have we have two
more of those to go what is three planet
it's a three mission planet toiling
towards freedom
okay well shit of your Borg event that's
fine oh I'm not bored with it okay so
now we have
