Episode 456
Jack scratches his Bloodborne itch (part 4)
February 5, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoFRXzZe8kM
___________________________________________

so yeah there's a creepy guy in there
there's my blood echoes I see if we can
uh locked maybe a key see if we can not
get hit by the guy with the cannon oh if
only I had a ranged weapon my condom
I go around the corner come around the
corner
Oh
Oh
I thought I was wrong across it's okay
it's okay
it's really only good for the next
section - oh well you know because it
only deflects effectively against magic
bolts like that arcane attacks like the
one guy like what's face or shoot net
yeah oh yeah like Michael wash yeah yeah
still something nice to have you know
like I never carry um I never carry a
torch with me mhm it's like right now I
just have two guns that I only use the
one so it might be might be something
nice to have in my just something
different yet we're playing it better
safe than sorry with the Star Wars
spoilers tonight as they friendly
reminder sadly reminder further reminder
anybody wants to post a spoiler whether
or not it's fake you will be banned for
the day
because we're not taking chances there
don't care that fuckhead now I can fight
you for real
yeah
give me oh you don't got any goodies
fuck you mean that sedative me where's
my lantern
I forgot what it was supposed to be a
downside to losing a lantern right do
you get spotted by enemies easier or
something or am I wrong about that I
have no idea no you know if you use the
torch
oh the fists I haven't heard anything
about this weapon so I assume it's bad
oh is it a gun what is this look at this
a chunk of iron fitted with finger hole
I think you can stun people just by
punching them and it doesn't consume at
all oh we're gonna try that out we're
definitely gonna try that out I want
that it's right here look it's right
there that's great I just want to punch
someone Jeff saying mega pawn oh I don't
like this area
endo Crom mega pond oh this this could
be boss badly
got these people with Alzheimer's
penguin Jake Skrillex ZipZap oh that
looks like a boss battle I don't think I
want to get into that yet and Kelly van
Dre thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
well it's true we really do okay Aaron
oh that lady in the face do it didn't do
anything I just punched her in the face
I'm not really happy about that
obviously I need my gun but that was
Gabriel one two uppercut I threw my gun
back I'm glad that that blood-borne has
a mega punch now right that's something
different we like that oh we got a
people are saying those two NPCs are
pretty brutal oh yeah he'll see you know
what maybe I can just get my blood that
goes back fuck those two guys we don't
care about them my bill just get my
blood that goes back and uh that one
shootin well I know that I know that
this bitch over here look at her look at
her hiding over there like a bitch
yeah yeah now you come over here is that
even that's just a normal Church clothes
right I don't know you know what I watch
me not know if it's lady
it's a bitch because they're hiding
but
one of the magic seems like a problem
yeah well that's why I'm trying to like
get stuff in between us
those are really hard to get encounters
with the bow blade with the bow blade
yes but I have right now I just have a
gun you know something these people
don't regenerate right oh oh I was there
I love that lady's power though you know
you can hear it
Laura the melee one in the hallway deal
with the caster afterwards Oh does the
the the caster might not come into the
hallway okay that's how you choose him
that's great I like that that was close
though
do you seem just too slick I'm good you
were doing good you're not bad a blood
boy I you know what it was is I saw I
saw the light at the end of the tunnel
where like I knew if I could just get
her a couple more times I had her cover
now I know they're there so that gives
me an advantage when I go through yep
and you know where the fist is but don't
use the fist on them
but look a fucking fist oh I'd love to
try it to see how it works it's just
something that's relatively easy easily
countable right
you gotta get dangerously close
I wonder what the advantages just not
using the ammo is that all you get out
of it I wonder oh you know let's try it
doesn't actually seem to be my not stuff
huh it doesn't provide sucks
then what's the point none
let's read this while shit unless you
read this while I was banned what
oh no next Skrillex ZipZap says
jiggery-pokery jiggery-pokery jiggly
picker a jig or a bigger a jig or a pic
read
Hellcats striker says rich I've been
watching rlm since 2011
thanks for the years of great work by
the way have you seen the new Star Wars
and did you enjoy it enjoy blood-borne I
have I have not seen it yet believe it
or not they they they didn't give us
free you know a pre-release viewing of
the film oh that's weird
I don't know why like a Disney Star Wars
executive wouldn't give red letter media
the chance to see their Star Wars movie
early that was like one of the
conditions George Lucas they never yeah
so that did not happen we have to see it
with everyone else we're going we're
gonna see a midnight showing tomorrow so
and then okay it's striker Oh Merry
Christmas rich and Jack thank you a
Hellcat striker merry Christmas to you
as well thank you again Merry Christmas
I almost forgot to remove that weird-ass
blood gem that uh takes my weapon
durability down somebody's saying boo
for assigned seating I'm simply talking
about the movie Oh assigned seating is
the greatest assigned seating is the
greatest thing to happen shakes out so
much headache of going to the movies yep
you get your tickets early and it's not
a problem
and you can get your tickets early yeah
Oh get your tickets early yeah you good
seats you know you're getting good seats
you can go the day before you don't have
to sit in the retard line for like two
five hundred you don't know they're
gonna see the four surly five hours
early just so you know you know you get
the right seat a good seat
see it I want gets rid of that that tent
bullshit
tent - bullshit people like in a tent
outside for the boner so they can grab
the good seeds you'll see the new movie
yep I think I got the good I am I am a
proponent of where we did our assigned
seating me as well I think it's great I
also love like you know we we have the
Marcus cinemas here and they like have
gotten rid of all of their old movie
seats and now every single seat is just
a giant ass chin it's great if you're a
fat asshole sir and obviously I have a
fat asshole so this is the best thing
well I think it's the rest of it not
just the whole so they have their dream
loners which I love okay we're gonna try
this again now no but I don't need to go
all the way the fuck around does anyone
know if Lucas has heard of the planket
reviews we don't know that he has but he
probably has I'm sure he has yep look at
the name of that lantern the underground
corpse pile you know all of them are
just like you know I said guys
clinically the healing Church of
literally the upstairs healing the
corpse pile we make a movie and all you
do is get criticized
I'm so much fun there's a piece of
artwork I was trying to harken back to
old serials they here 880 billion
dollars and those fuckers at red letter
media can't get an advanced copy no
matter how big they get it was just a
coincidence and I sold the whole
franchise and discussed recently I would
go that far
it was blaming us for that though if we
did we did a service to humanity
I feel bad for I kind of feel bad for
George Lucas George Lucas is four
billion dollars I feel 0% bad for
somebody who has four billion dollars
unless they have like super cancer - Shh
- Shh no you know like not only that but
I say another thing you know no that's
just where that was like not only you
know does he have four bajillion dollars
or however much money they gave him he
has had the resources talent equipment
everything at his disposal to make any
movie he's ever wanted - yeah since Star
Wars and he hasn't whatever I sneaked up
on his Biddy you just Nick it stock up
on hundreds before but I think the way
she's positioned it's probably not gonna
happen and I just knocked over that
stack of books throw the pebble just
like pastor ed Ferrell do nothing
surprise run out to the hallway Jack you
running you've a Grove the other one is
wanna play a game
okay you coming well yep you coming you
coming here
he made strange magic yeah was that a
small personal art film strange magic
you know people just didn't get this
range magic time nobody's made an
animated movie about fairytales before I
just think audiences weren't ready
that's definitely what it was
fuck you I would love this Ludvig on
losing battle yeah up through the
fucking wall you fucker from software
you dickheads you're really low on hill
huh thank you
Oh is she stuck you know what oh wait
she might be stuck take care of the
other one no we're gonna play we're
gonna play from software's game yeah I
like your game now huh you can hit me
with your a wall fuck what fuck didn't
didn't see that coming
no no no we did this last time I
remember I remember are we gonna argue
about the pronunciation of Ludvig now
can the answer be now and in German W is
pronounced like a V and Ludvig is a
German name so I'm presuming perhaps
wrong that the intended pronunciation is
Ludwig who
rich what do you think the Helldiver can
be a pretty good pretty good held I have
a community have you run into jerks not
that frequently
no no I've not specifically ran into any
it oh oh yeah you got stuck up there
fuck you oh oh shit running away
but it's not that coming right say
croissant
what croissant croissant he's got an e
in their crest luck croissants a
croissant
who how do you pronounce it France what
for some croissant croissant or cry son
I don't pronounce it cry sont Croix or
pray
they'll get Jack getting good I felt
good about that I if it fish in here
cool oh that's just a bird no those are
the rats what the fuck okay you know
there's there's rats in the in the in
the tombs in the what do you call them
in the chalice dungeon but they don't
have big fucking yellow eyes like that I
don't like the eye oh I want to go an
offline one again I don't think they
suspect what do you what do you what do
I think of Donald Trump I think he is
the greatest performance artist of our
generation this whole thing is an Adult
Swim bit it's a board billionaire is
what it is he wants attention is an
egomaniac and he wants attention and but
he started I don't think he ever thought
there was a chance in hell this would go
as far as it has and I think he's just
writing it out now
played Jedi Academy you want me to play
the one with lame characters I mean I
have an eye pendant well I guess I'm
gonna do it outcast is the better one
head pendant I don't know if that was
the right call putting that out there
so into this I'm so into this DLC rich I
know I know you are look at this I know
game of the year you don't like Jade no
I don't like Jaden Jaden is a lame non
character with no personality
kalca tarns fun character and it kind of
made him an idiot in Academy and you
don't play as him
fuck Academy
it's just an elevator all right all
right
elevators get more elaborate rich
elevators good bread this is crazy so I
need a key there's a key down there
there's rooms that are locked there's
rooms that are locked and I need a key
make sure to check below the elevator oh
really I'm hearin oh now you're talking
Chad give me the goods
give me this yeah I don't know if that's
something I ever would have done I've
done that on accident a couple times
like you know letting it send an
elevator up in there near go got stuck
like this man jump off
oh hello
oh hello nice hmm Thank You Chad Oh Oh
sis Lawrence's skull oh the fuck is that
lawrence skull just check real quick
just gonna check real quick with that
lawrence the skull is dududududu him no
III like J just fine I said Jayden he's
the non protagonist of Jedi Academy he
or she or whatever oh it's that you
needed to open Jedi are naturally boring
characters they're supposed to be boring
here Kyle guitars been the only one I
could stomach because he doesn't view
himself as a Jedi he's just an asshole
with a gun and a lightsaber that that is
fun
he's destined to seek the skull rich oh
yeah that's great
I care less about lorem this game than
you do huh I care less about the lore of
this game than you do
isn't that weird yeah cuz I'm usually
into stories and games more than you
okay ready yeah here's something were
gonna try what's fine idea this might
kill me
oh no right Oh treasure chest you're a
jolly
oh shit yeah okay Caesarion fart says
rich please act out a conversation
between between George Lucas and the
horrible alien living in his
weird-looking chin that feeds on his
brain and gives him terrible ideas also
you guys are great
so when we do next do the judging a
rabbit okay I'll put the charger on the
phone by cold pooping know you called Oh
what's up what's the pool message of its
for being let's help ability card to do
now Oh stupid you know I'll let somebody
deal with it and they put it you're
moving but isn't feeding off your brain
I like your brain I get that Star Wars
yeah it's an alien parasite uh-huh that
lives that that nourishes itself out of
off of good ideas replaces it has to
replace that with something of course so
it replaces them with bad the host body
has no idea here so here's the thing
George Lucas has been coming up with
brilliant moviemaking ideas his entire
career but the alien parasite living in
his brain feeds off of them is very
powerful a great idea a great idea well
no yeah they're all some of it no they
don't like they don't like lemon they
don't like sighs how am I supposed to
have some romance touch it up
I said O Sullivan okay put that on the
script well we need a really powerful
villain character I think no you don't
you're gonna do this new guy with lights
Avery's movie they're all gonna die in
that movie Darth Vader was an idea to
trap
there's gonna be some red guy with horns
he's gonna good he's gonna look is he's
gonna look really cool he's gonna say
like one line is gonna get cut in half
guy with horns some kind of the cane
this is an old guy with a cane that's
what you're gonna replace the guy with
the horns with me like he's gonna be
like Dracula yeah like regular like like
dragon like drink okay look a fun name
interesting name
now Dooku like Dracula Dooku it's like
Dracula but with poopoo that's a good
idea
you say that makes perfect sense the man
who wanted to make small indie movies
the man who made THX pretty fun movie
interesting movie has been hosting an
alien parasite what was the name that
the producer the old ones I'm drawing a
blank
the producer of the old Star Wars movie
yeah the originals the Empire and new
home
I have no idea oh my why am i drawing a
blank on his name look at that guy up
there oh I see you fuck you're gonna
give me something gimme gimme gimme
gimme gimme gimme gimme
um I don't know who produced the old
ones I'm you know I'm terrible at stuff
like that like remembering ya names and
stuff Gary Kurtz okay you gotta you
gotta replace this Gary Kurtz guy he's
never worked with my two of the most
successful if you get better idea we're
gonna get this guy called Rick Rick Rick
how long never heard of me yeah he's
great deal he'll agree to everything I
say hey you say I guess that's good one
I mean it's kind of my stuff people are
gonna bounce ideas hopefully but yeah
we're right we're gonna need anybody but
us you get him you don't need anybody
but me now he's bounce ideas no no no we
give I think the only thing you need
anymore
get rid of all your friends okay I
fucked your wife she's the reason you
left
ha
everything is pale now I was being
poisoned yeah I kind of wanted to kill
that guy I decided against it I killed
the little creepy Carly and I'm gonna
see if I can find his eyes Oh Rick Rick
Berman I say Rick Berman instead of Rick
Rick McCallum no you said Rick McCallum
okay you said Rick McCallum let's see if
I can find this man's eyes you have yes
yes you do and you have good slow poison
resistance and you have good slow poison
resistant was that cesarean part who
came up with that idea
oh the parasite in the brain yeah
Caesarion fart I am giving you one
Internet commendation there that that
means a hole you should know is this
area fire that that means a lot coming
from her Japanese he hates the Internet
speaking of commendation have you got an
accommodation yet yeah
doesn't it make you feel me yes it does
but you know what makes you feel I'm in
a position now where I should start
giving them you need to give yeah I feel
it makes me feel terrible when I don't
get one who can give them anyway oh
really you just highlight their name
says you only get ten so I've been
stingy unless I think somebody really
like went above and beyond
well that's a commendation I'm looking
for this guy's eyes I died there been a
couple people where I wasn't thinking
about I've never regretted it afterwards
oh I should have commended them I should
have guy for didn't think about it I
forgot you can commend people and
Helldivers oh sorry I should have
elaborated on that if someone in your
team does an especially good job
okay
rich hates everything yes like like
Helldivers and blood-borne oh man you
know I hate thanks so much you hate
those games rich is drunk with internet
power that's very true but but I get rid
of internet power oh and I can't use the
new gun because I'm not strong enough
I've been putting all of my much like
Rich's complaints about this is you need
to build towards your weapon and so I
just got I just got the church cannon
that's what was under there and I'm not
strong enough I need yeah I need 27
strength and I only have 22 strength any
of you had 27 I probably wouldn't be
powerful enough to use it effectively
right because like you would need even
more strength given bonuses yeah and
well my blood tinge is pretty good but
but I can't even carry it
I cannot even pick it up yes the
commendation is is a
Helldivers thing a Helldivers thing and
this was it happened not to me only once
I just jumped on this kids map and I
think it was a kid and help helped him
out mhm
and we went through the whole planet
just the two of us and it's really fun
it was really great just a two two
person team and he gave me a
commendation and I didn't even know you
could get commendations your speeches
trailed off right unexpected thing just
started unfolding oh fuck fuck this
faceless mass that headbutts you
apparently which is great there I knew
there was another one you fuckhead loved
it
faceless I love it
and it made me feel really special he
gave me that commendation there's a
glowing thing in a rooftop there's also
a sluggy thing down there right hey what
happens if you don't pay attention
oh hush how much do you want to bet that
was all planned by the devs
we're for this wiggling thing on this
roof and then what they're looking at
that glowy thing this strange guy's
gonna run down and knock them off of the
stairs
we got a glowy thing and we got a wiggle
thing and they're gonna try to figure
out how to get down there and then you
know like they had the guy come down to
say no too soon they're not gonna scare
now
that's the shield oh that's what I want
okay well now we got to figure out how
to get it well first I gotta get my
blood that goes back who's got my echoes
now I dropped him in this lake here Wow
oh I
he hit me up there he's probably got it
Oh Oh are there right here
great great everything's great not doing
great on blood vial so I really need to
watch my ass oh there you are I thought
I saw you here somewhere
right isn't it great
but also how are they making those
noises they don't have mouths there's
some mouth under there just some kind of
fleshy lump that grew over
yes just flex you lump these lanterns -
it's great all right I'm on you this
time oh I see yeah yeah look he didn't
turn until you were right until you were
right at that curve look he didn't turn
it - you're right yeah I'm sure those
stairs don't have a banister for that
very reason
oh yeah okay so there's the drop down
turn the camera towards it
I serve balcony and then thing above it
may be a crime in that drawing room all
the way up there right one problem at a
time there be some bitches up here man
okay okay okay
what is that you dicks I'm sure it was
nothing and it's safe to turn your back
right come on okay welcome all right we
got to get down there see that you'd see
a route
did the glowing can go I know it's over
yet I'm sure there's a way I don't think
it's over here though they're saying you
could buy it by blood vials with your
thirty thousand souls I could I could
you do sneak up on him the chat is
blessing me for my sneeze thank you
thank you oh that's what the bow blades
for right there oh oh I didn't kill him
oh rich if you lived a day in the life
of George Lucas what would you do I
would hope to god it was only a day
because I would be very fucking old
the way to get it will become clear
later don't worry about it okay oh yeah
I'm sure I'm so fine oh my God look at
this it looks like it looks like things
in a sack of flesh yeah I know these
things explode
save me please I don't hear anything I
know lady Maria Oh Lady Maria
save me please oh I'm so sorry
- versus the evil dead we've talked
about that so much that we should
probably stop talking about it
doesn't become the Aspern ash vs. Evil
Dead stream I I've been binge-watching
because I missed a couple weeks and even
with binge watching I feel like the
episodes are way too short
yeah shit
I you know everything just seems it
seems like they cut out stuff I think we
need more time with other people to
establish the debt I insist threats yes
every episodes been like that I'd shows
up ash disposes of them fairly quickly
yeah yeah yeah I'm wanting a little more
like that that last episode don't put
your fingers in yours
oh wait wait I haven't seen that last
episode okay I'm not caught up in take
your fingers out of yours take your
fingers out yours it's fine everything's
fine but like you know even just looking
at the first couple of episodes yeah not
much different happens the ups are half
an hour not an hour that's the thing
they need to be an hour I would even
take 45 minutes letter and I don't even
know the problem is you need more ash no
no no I agree I like I like your
sediment sentiment that what we really
need is how not ash people deal with
this to make to make the ash portions
worth something yeah
oh I love these guys I loved how they
gargle how they garble garble
Jack are you excited for the meal brain
slash Kojima collaboration Oh gem
baranski said that always always I can't
wait to see what Neal Breen the only
problem is what Neal Breen is gonna do
with metal gear is the the first level
will be your little gear Breen your
standard tutorial right like snake has
to go do his stuff and then at the end
of the first tutorial level snake will
meet Neal Bree or bill mean and we he'll
meet bill mean who will then take over
the mission oh look at this fucker over
here I'll just be super confident
whatever snakes fucking gob exactly you
know bill mean will be is that guy I
knocked off just trying to get back
upstairs you see them outside of the
door yeah yeah
only there's something we could do about
this
so I feel bad about this
absolutely nothing cheese that your way
through uh up from stop the game that's
what they're there for this therefore
and he achieved me
he almost cheese me right back
yeah good
Oh bye-bye thank you
doot-doot
to do too
Thank you Thank You Vlad viola now we're
getting closer you know my guess is I
wonder if there's like a rotating thing
if there's like something that raises up
oh my god like how it's all this level
is oh well keep movin keep movin down
Oh
can't lock on
No
splash splish splash
No
No
Oh weird you are how how much giggling
do you think has had in the fromsoftware
offices giggling I mean the thing I mean
cuz do you think like that was weird
were there just like we had this man in
a corner and he just says pick up a
splash you know if it's giggling I do
think they love their horror though oh
yeah
like if if I if I wrote that and you
know like what that was submitted like
in this level book come out you know
like the hunter will walk out onto the
balcony and a faceless mass of blood and
flesh hissing pop splash I would giggle
maniacally just like yeah and you know
they go yeah that's in the game I was
saying yeah let's make it look at this
little flower
he's like tending to a flower can you
believe that clip-clop splish splash hmm
knocking over shit
Jennifer oh wait there was an elevator a
bit before I got so caught up I hate
those
anything you should be able to do
something in here
who you fight yeah I hate the random
spectres that get in my way and like now
all this shit is on the floor want to go
on offline mode but I'm making good
progress making good progress quickly
was an elevator over here yeah yeah it
was
dick dick neutral sees a monster behind
us and it freaked at all
Oh in the game I get it I don't know how
he's saying that because the monster is
entirely green and he's being green
screamed out I think this make any sense
no I think I don't think he's talking
about in the game I think it's just a
joke to get us to look behind us Oh
you're someone else
which do you think the rumors are true
that Alvin will die in the robe ship
hello will the box office take for the
road shipping yeah you know what I bet
there's a lot of people out there who
just won't be able to like they just
can't see Star Wars on it this it's like
yeah we said we'd see a movie
the rogue ship and the other one was it
sisters sisters might do well might do
well but the road ship is it fucked cuz
the kids are gonna want to see Star Wars
no gonna want to see fucking Alvin and
the Chipmunks yeah but they won't be
able to see Star Wars for a couple days
why not cuz it's sold out everywhere ok
you know like and then you have parents
who are just like welp uh you want to
see that road chip
dick nurse a dick neutral saying due to
the green screen I saw a monster in the
game but my brain told me it was in the
room with you for a sec okay that makes
sense I thought you're just being silly
which is fine nothing wrong with being
silly I'm silly often enough there's
nothing wrong with being silly
I'm not only silly sometimes I even
flat-out say mean and belligerent things
to you guys there you go fair's fair
there you go
that thing that we thought was a worm
was just one of those head things in a
straitjacket trying to ride its way
around okay beautiful like a first stuff
to look at nope
I bet the other movies cruise well on
Star Wars disappointment Jack okay well
I don't know that Star Wars is going to
be disappointment it might not be
amazing it's the problem for us see you
know if Star Wars is bad if the force
awakens is terrible catching that's true
if Star Wars is great we could talk
about we can do something with that we
can talk about well how it's great why
it's great the problem is if Star Wars
is mediocre if we watch it we're gonna
yeah okay that's problem because we
can't do anything with that right here I
guess like here's the one thing that I
don't think anyone is really realizing
Star Wars The Force awakens will be no
Star Wars we mean let me let me get
there Star Wars as a movie in what 1978
mmm-hmm was a milestone a cultural
phenomenon right yeah it was something
that didn't happen before it I already
have an argument but Star Wars The Force
awakens will not be game-changing like
Star Wars here's the problem with your
argument yeah that didn't stop the
Empire Strikes Back
no but then but then it turned into the
trilogy now you know the Star Wars
trilogy all yes you could have said the
same thing in 70s in in 80 after Star
Wars 77 you're never gonna
you're never gonna top that that was the
cultural weird thing start with 77
there's never you're not gonna have the
same aw and then they made Empire yeah
so I don't know that that is necessarily
true that's unreasonable to expect it to
be that good it's a hundred percent but
is possible it's within the realm of
possibility that it's a that it's no no
no not not just as good as game-changing
as star wars the star it doesn't need to
be a game-changer it needs to be a good
movie but but that's the this is the
problem if the Empire Strikes Back was
that a game-changer well it was now it's
just rolled into all the time even at
the time no wait I was here already
it was his Star Wars will never be Star
Wars you know it'll it'll never it'll
never be they need to make a fun space
adventure
you have likeable characters and you
would have that magical is there this is
this is what I'm saying is we need a new
space adventure to to glom on to or
something different maybe not a space
adventure maybe a new cowboy movie maybe
like a comedy starring people actors I I
have enough faith in the people involved
but I don't think it's going to be it
there's no way it's gonna be prequel
level bad no is no fucking way it's
gonna be prequel alphabet it might be it
might be men it could be great I think
always possibility I think I don't think
you're going to get terrible I just I
might be wrong I know you're gonna
you're gonna get very acceptable I kind
of hope I'm wrong as then we can make
videos making fun of Star Wars
did you see what did you see what
happened hmm do you see what the end did
you see what happening the stairs stop
hey I saw that I saw that it was fun
fuck
I love you a blot barn it's okay I
opened up a thing this okay so one guy
needs eyes this lady needs mushy mushy
brain fluid competent with flashes mr.
Glueck saying I'm betting on competent
with flashes of brilliance say we need
another space of energy chat saying we
already got a great space adventure
guardians of the galaxy that is fine
okay
guardians was fine
it was fun movie
why didn't you fall off this time
Oh
well Star Wars be important to movies as
Star Wars that's what I'm saying well
then you want something see that point
you want something that's not Star Wars
exactly this is my point exactly
this is my point exactly why do you I
don't understand what you need something
to be a game changer is the thing well I
think you just what's wrong with their
just being a really well-made Star Wars
movie it isn't that great in and of
itself
yes any good movie is good that was an
obvious and dumb sentence I enjoy any
movie that is good it doesn't need to I
don't think the force awakens need to
reinvent filmmaking
it doesn't need to it needs to be a good
Star Wars film and people will like it
oh yeah yeah but what what is happening
here is what I believe we're seeing is
treading water I don't know JJ Abrams is
a fanboy he might not just be treading
water with this know this I don't I
don't think the people who made this
we're thinking those work for hire job
they were thinking oh my god we're
making a Star Wars movie that doesn't
necessarily mean there's gonna be
greatness but I don't I don't I don't
know that it's just a job to JJ Abrams
and everywhere else oh no no no III
don't need treading water like that I
mean I'm talking larger film industry
I'm treading water what what probably
stop talking about it because we don't
want to spark some idiot the chat to
start talking on spoiler Oh Sharon where
is it released that the people have seen
it already is it out moon in like okay
yeah Sam released a different oh my god
different timezones oh that could be
could be and of course you know like
reviewer copies were you know the the
what I call it well still I don't even
think that it's more than 24 hours so I
could just open earlier in there well no
but it's open to reviews now you know
like sure you can publish your review of
it now why would people have expected us
to see that they think we actually get
advance readings the things this is the
thing people think I wonder maybe yeah
yeah Australia as well
okay how do I get to where I gots to go
this is the question rich
no fuck I supposed to know what's Jack
do next
no no don't tell me don't tell him I'll
figure it out he thinks he's gonna
figure it out two hours later oh god
that's my rat called it I thought I
thought I could get in there quick
enough called it thought I could get in
there quick enough here's the funny
thing though I got him to see well not
all of them because I don't even have
any interests in seeing Revenge of the
Sith in the first place I got dragged to
that while after the fact I I got in to
see both Phantom Menace and attack of
the clones early alright
yeah well Mike might work to the theater
oh okay and he was the management really
like Mike he was he was he was close
with the management and they had some
kind of like corporate training so Mike
actually got to see the Phantom Menace
like two weeks early something like that
boy sure and even besides that they
screened it like the day before for the
employees well then I got in on that
screening so I saw the Phantom Menace
day or two early and they usually
screened the movie once before just to
make sure that it works fine you know
works good and works well similar
circumstances I got invited to see
attack of the clones early oh okay which
is why I didn't leave during attack of
the clones it would've been extremely
rude and I'm getting invited to a day
early screening of it special for the
employees you know oh yeah it's like oh
god I'm stuck here
keep my fucking blood echoes deck okay I
don't know how you felt follow me out
clever girl well alright we gotta find a
way
oh I'm dumb I just didn't go up that
ladder went went went war you're a jumpy
one
you're a jumpy one aren't you Lila
I'm sure the theater management wasn't
entirely generous with that offer either
to screen it early as just as a perk of
working at the theaters all the
employees got free movies it probably
didn't even he probably knew everyone
was gonna want to see that they didn't
want to take a paint seeds daily right
ya know now like it's someone there I
saw somewhere online someone who is that
like a film projector is talking about
how they handle screening stuff now
because it's all digital you know they
get hard drives instead of film reels
now and like the hard drives are like
password-protected and they have to call
into the film studio to get the correct
password which is all you know like only
active for as long as the movie is and
like if they miss a window if they miss
their time window their fucks and they
then they don't know if the movies gonna
screen correctly and what point during
Attack of the Clones that I want to
leave I can't tell you specifically
because it was another boring talking on
a couch scenes I'm gonna meeting and
something might be able to golly Otto
stupid get a boring yada yada it was
something whatever the fuck that was I
think it was small hand open after the
one scene where Anakin's what had
occurred slaughtered the the send people
oh okay it's like he pulls up light
saber and when he did that I thought oh
my god oh my god we're going to get some
human emotion in this fucking movie
someone's going to feel something and
then and then he pulls out a light saber
and I'm like okay anger I can some
emotion that's fine and then they cut
away they cut away from the emotion and
it was somebody talking on a couch and
that might have been the moment or it
might have been you scenes after that
when people were still talking on
another couch I don't remember
but I do remember the the the cutting
away from a scene that could have been
really powerful and emotional pissed me
off because they needed people to talk
about whatever I don't care about yeah
we've got fine yes it's no small thing
I killed them I killed all the children
the women everything yeah I would like
to have seen that emotion you cut oh is
that true addict are turkish wrecks
having the hand at Lantern activated it
reduces stamina regeneration ah I knew
there was a downside I couldn't remember
what it was too bad it was not activated
so the hand lantern was not on I just
put it on Oh up here
okay dealing with the globby monsters
I'm dealing with the globby monsters the
monstrosity is the globby monstrosity no
it doesn't patch changed it oh there you
go you speak in half-truths and
falsehood and it wasn't out anyway so it
doesn't matter
I see you coming for me blood vial
it's great blood vial okay no you get it
out get it out that's okay
fuck God on a pole got on a pole they
can language man
but have the job done you know it wasn't
pretty like okay
everything's fine patient room
don't like it in there hmm I think I'll
use my hand lat
Oh lovely
can we okay sure I don't care that it's
kind of that's kind of like my job
killing monsters yeah so someone asked
me to kill them yeah I'm doubt that what
if you find out you can rescue all these
people later for some reason these
people don't make me sad like that I
monster did not even the sunflower one
he's not asking me to kill him he seemed
to be huh
see here what does this guy say
let me drown yeah okay yeah okay yeah
I'm murdering them all okay did it did
it when they swing their arms around
parry them oh sure I could no wait till
they're all done wait till they're all
tuckered out you know there's something
that looks like a fun thing
I do do do to do oh that's a new one
that's a new one
do-do-do-do-do he let her do her thing
you know
not fast enough
she was a danger to herself and those
around her so I beamed it important that
I murder her
this is fine J probably all gonna chase
after you at some point at once right
it's just now that Chet Chet says you
slaughtered them like animals mMmmm and
reference oh is that from the movie yeah
episode 2 episode 2 the the tiny
megalomaniac same murder them all I'm
gonna bring back the dead I'm so
powerful I'm gonna beat them or everyone
the children
fuck them children I'm gonna be stronger
than Neil brain I'm gonna be the
strongest ji ever
to do to do the killing oh oh shit
don't want to be up here don't want to
be up here get out of my way nope
do do to do
yeah slicing with Mike for um great
these people are full blood vials that's
why it's fantastic
that's exactly what you need no that
can't be right
honestly I think they're being generous
have to the Ludvig fight I mean he'll
vials oh yeah they were chock-full of
files that was especially that was
especially gruesome doo-doo-doo
ma-na-ma-na doo-doo doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo
never lunge attack who would check me
know I'm not a fan of lunge attacks I do
it a lot with them like the big weapon
I'll do like the UH this guy but with
with this one you know it's so fast I
did you just gotta get in there and and
slice them up I don't even know what the
ones attack yet that's pretty good
actually I never think about it I'm
always just trying to find their pause
point there uh oh yeah we've been there
Racine carrée finish Fisher's us
interview she gives no fucks she doesn't
have to
what does she need what does she needs
Star Wars for at this point Oh God
when they're a ladder which a ladder a
ladder over here
Lord Belmont says put them out of their
misery the people of the castle look
like they have horrible uncurable tumors
Oh someone's killing them for me
ha yay thanks friend
thanks friend with a machine gun you
killed them for me yeah I'm just trying
to do my part here so throws a ladder
did I miss a ladder
it's not the most important thing in the
world I'm getting all tired
I know I'm close to that shield but
there's so much to explore there's so
much game to play and I just want to
play as I love blood wine slider in here
maybe I'm feeling crazy
I really thought there was a ladder in
here I'm probably going crazy get out of
my way it's probably the crazy stocking
all right let's see if we get past this
guy
you're lucky that wasn't dropping in
nowhere I thought you know I'd like to
say it was a calculated risk but it
wasn't and I'm just you know just doing
me this is how play man sometimes it
sometimes you can run this guy's gonna
die
like I'm shooting his machine again
you're gonna die
reprieve what I said you got a reprieve
yep I got lucky
now we're way too high up now to drop
down
let's try that lunge attack oh this lady
doesn't have a head look that lady
doesn't have no head that's funny
no none of these ladies have heads
that's funny slashing in that darkness
flashy you know what I was thinking what
early a rich I think oh you know what
why don't we cut the stream out for
earlier just think I have a nice light
stream it'll be fine we'll just you're
in your blood war zone I'm about done
oh I'm about done I'm bout done like an
hour ago
I just you know I'm just here and it's
it's like I just want to keep playing
especially knowing how far I've gotten
in this room in particular I basically
like next shortcut sure I get mixi and
says jacket rich is it okay for someone
to get excited to see a movie where that
person just be instantly labeled a
fanboy good get excited about what you
wanted to get excited about anyway I
think I think for me the fanboy is
someone who doesn't give a fuck about
quality they just care about the label
if you could be critical about the thing
you're excited about then you're not a
fanboy
now this I feel bad about
and we know what happened to their heads
I wonder if the next area we're gonna
find out the heads are turning into
something else
could be
Oh what
oh there you go I can have an enlarged
check now oh look at that out there can
you shoot it uh I want to take this off
first wipe yeah my menses gauge here we
go now you can't have my head
oh oh oh shit frenzy this is gonna hurt
Wow Wow
and I have no friends E resistance
that's oh so that's what the bag things
do good thing I killed them you think I
murdered them all all right we don't
like this yeah where's my wife yeah you
gotta wear the whole outfit wait Church
hat was there anything in that head no
hmm just bit me I guess it's just
supposed to I was wondering why it was
hidden up there but I guess it's just
supposed to fall on you and your way out
maybe I could yeah it's something like
that down I can only assume I yeah yeah
a rich
Oh save it go my stuff on this side I
didn't look too hard over here just
started killing people what time is it
can you see that on that computer or
your phone or whatever oh Jesus Christ
oh jesus lord of the saints Mary and
Joseph and all them other ones what time
do we start at 7:00 before 7:00 you've
gone blood-borne mad jack love dad I
fucking love this game I could I could
just play it all the time oh wait
shortcut this is in thank God thank God
oh yes sir there's the shortcut Oh God
fuck you there we go
I mean is the other one this is what I
needed needed that shortcut now I can go
back to the lamb head back to the
hunters dream and feel good that I've at
least got the shortcut taken care of I
didn't get the shield today but I know
it's here man I got the shotgun
Jesus Jesus Jason I found a second out
of everything is fine
hi applying me tie me that's jack is mad
with blood a little blood bar
appropriate blood barn appropriate
appropriate appropriate for pop written
you've gone frenzied I have I just Jack
just murdered yeah album I murdered all
of them one of them asked to be murdered
so I can only assume the others also
want it to be murdered serious question
is destiny worth getting into this
holiday season
I am fucking no no I got I got I got
jack shit interested destiny I
multiplayer first-person shooter played
with a controller MMO all of these
things you know me all of these things
are things I don't like here's the thing
from from people that I generally trusts
in the video game circle like people who
I listen to we talk about video games I
hear great things about destiny okay
obviously rich don't give no fucks see
if you can get a free trial
I don't care I don't want a free trial
no not you the person who has okay but
you won't care but I've heard good
things
am I gonna have to play it with a
controller and other people I don't care
anymore new subscribers there have you
been thinking I think we got them all I
let's just do it
think it so they get to it's fine just
in case we get you Kelly
Van Dyne thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate that Kelly Van Dyne
you're gonna say with a little bit more
oomph going come on Jack Kelly even Dre
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do I
don't know if we'll be streaming in
Sunday heads-up if we don't we'll find a
makeup day the stream and thank you all
for coming out thank you to the new
subscribers thank you to the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
else who just came out blood-borne is
the greatest game of the
ever game rich boys Helldivers and
rocket League online with other players
and a controller and loves them yeah
none of those are first-person shooters
which before using it controller form
oh snap dog oh people just don't get it
that's not no it's not like I inherently
think there's something wrong with a
controller jag I play Mario with the
controller I don't play a mouse keyboard
Mario uh-huh it's the first shooters
when the controller is ass and while I'm
in the middle of this rant I don't know
why Jack hasn't stopped the stream
because that was the obvious time to do
it when I'm in mid ran oh it's ruined no
because I just I've run out of things to
go on about you know what this was I
really thought that was a legitimate
randon you wanted to get into a late
stream console it was it was an opening
to end this
