Episode 458
Freedom Planet (part 1) and Rich talks like Jimmy Stewart
February 9, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHKVOhDnE6k
___________________________________________

and then hit that button and then hit
that button okay and I knew they are
great and you should be saying game I
know in a second yeah it's taking this
week there you should be seeing game
freedom planets I have read start its
life as a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game
the Sonic the Hedgehog when when they
decided to change some things around and
make up their own intellectual okay
lasers
got it all right mr. Biggs thank you
really also by the way quick quick note
on Star Wars spoilers Star Wars spoilers
are still frowned upon yes no even
joking about Star Wars spoilers day one
bad day long ban if you either joke
about Star Wars spoilers that is still
the rule as it is still opening weekend
and we need to give people it shouldn't
be blood something game audio is too
loud they're saying game on is there
head into the game crisis what about the
story what about the story probably
gives you shit anyways spoiler one don't
spoil it rich and I I've both seen the
movie now and at the end of the stream
much like daredevil we will put up the
now it's okay to spoil Star Wars flag
and we will have an in-depth discussion
about Star Wars but we have to wait for
the ending screams until we say so
no spoiling Star Wars joystick just the
music volume maybe that's everything go
go down yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna guess
that's not everything it's fine
everything's fine what game is this this
is freedom planets according to Richard
started its life as a Sonic the Hedgehog
fan game and the creator's liked it so
much they decided to put their own skin
on we'll talk Lucky Strikes we will talk
about the max landis situation when when
we talk about star wars during Star Wars
spoiling time because I like I think
what max landis was saying kind of we
can delve into spoiler territory rich I
didn't see the half in the bag we can
give a quick spoiler list this is
probably well play it's that does make
any sense can you give a quick follow
this recommendation yeah yeah I liked it
I liked it it's fine it's fine I didn't
I didn't I didn't love it
no I don't need to see it again but I
enjoyed it and you have good characters
too
a sequence of so whatever I'm not a
metahuman law in the first place right
take that with a grain of salt
like so yeah we'll talk about all that
when we get into spoilers territories
and specific feelings but for now no
spoiling okay mouths off screaming all
right now we are ready to go
everything's fine right all right I
guess the controller only works in game
oh there we go
not bad looks like a sonic bad job very
even at roles
oh okay yep well what do you think
purple and green ah the green one that
seems to have a motorcycle so I would
choose well if we want to judge those
out of sonic nests
sir then live slice it straight lilac
lilac she kicks so hey this is a fan
game of Sonic the Hedgehog oh there's a
thing that has to church there's a
charge of turtle eater
oh you can dodge oh oh whoa I lack the
hinge hawk the hinge dog I lack the
hinge dog yep that's exactly oh my god
there's a there's a little animal thing
that came out of that robot I killed
these must be okay with indie games
doing
that's fine
thanks for everything you know there's
the spoiler warning is because there are
many people who want to go into a movie
as fresh as possible I love it yeah I
love going into a movie not knowing
anything the CEO just experienced a
movie as it is and some people can see
if this weekend for whatever reason so
we're going to be behind because you
know one thing I know everybody agrees
we all like everybody I would like to
think that everybody here really enjoyed
guess I'm not surprised switch place
recognizes it only be inappropriate if
cigarettes still putting out good 2d
sonic no I don't wanna go there where
did all the other things get stopped I
can't go back I will say this I did I
did take my boys to see Star Wars and
I'm always nervous but I've been taking
them both to the movies for a long time
and you know we always have the very
same conversation before you know before
we go it get into the school which is
you know like how we're gonna act in the
movie theater holiday do respect those
everyone
see the movie we're not gonna talk
during the movie like that's something
I've been grained in them
I'm very good I mean I hate when the
grown-ups do that it's the most annoying
thing in the world when someone's
talking during a movie
I'm trying to teach them right like two
hours telling right there it's a long if
it wouldn't matter how long it was if it
was a great movie per se it was a fine
great will you wouldn't say oh that was
long I meant in specific respects to
children okay
sorry I was I was about to get there
it's it's a long movie for children
here's my here's my spoiler free review
spoiler free review I'm sorry I've typed
this in the chatter number times last
couple days okay chat with people fun
okay spoiler free it's like a less fun
guardians of the galaxy only with a
better climax and deeper characters for
the most part deeper characters but let
less fun than guardians the galaxy
better climax let's see the perish so I
think I can I think I can outright agree
with that up there good get up there you
lilac like man Hedgehog personally you
not a hedgehog like I think I've talked
about my expectations with the Star Wars
for a while now which is I I was
expecting this movie to be nothing but
adequate like JJ Abrams was an adequate
director I was expecting perfectly
acceptable and I feel like I got more
than it was above how to quit so I am
therefore I am pleasantly surprised
oh oh you can like bounce off the yes
they change things a little bit it's
right just
it's like sonic pinball cycles some new
mechanics the whoo but there's a there's
a jump finger she had to see you do it
no things got a charge at this is charge
meter okay and it was an air - yeah just
kind of neat you know sauna can use an
air - that's what they were thinking
when I didn't see them I like that I
like that more than the air - itself is
the bounce off the walls are they saying
you can go jump Oh a hair uppercut oh my
god that's deadly hair that's deadly
hair that is deadly you know I think
that's very very far as spoilers do not
bother them
but some people gather some people and
they understand that they face some some
people often you know I was doing a
really good job of not being spoiled by
you know I didn't even know what actors
were in the movie no okay
that's how little I knew about the movie
pleasantly surprised with my
expectations being acceptable not
mediocre I was expecting acceptable
and you like jump down like jump up and
then like attack down oh there's an
attack combo oh yeah why Gargan
sure you can what was that what nothing
this thing I don't think this oh they're
saying you can't use that as that carrot
Oh what is this sonic ripoff it is
freedom planet hold on like does it
really not say that we're playing for
something cuz I double check something
real quick I got a double check that's
like a better Seneca Hedgehog
yeah okay so say it's us a freedom plan
we are playing a game called freedom
planet which according to rich Evans
started its life oh my which started in
size of a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game
that the creator's just liked so much
they put their host rights on it sold it
sold it as they should you know that's
great you make a game okay that's a year
from move to lamination X right what
what hold on oh did you see the landing
of the Falcon 9 space X landing earlier
today know as a space nerd I must say it
was amazing
was this one of those private companies
they do a thing SpaceX I want to say as
a private o SpaceX yeah the Falcon 9
SpaceX landing no I did not yeah you got
a YouTube that loader a youtuber later I
didn't even know there was a landing
today I'm not I'm not you know a huge
space nerd but I enjoyed actually
actually hadn't heard this news to me
get it to go six that means I missed
five of them or you got six of them neo
there maybe that was an extra light good
day I think you have six lives right
okay
chick with a riff says Jack and rich I
am a new fam and just want to say thank
you both for all that you do I can only
assume that's a new fan someone me well
thank you thank you for watching we
really appreciate that I saw she
subscribed yeah chick with the wrist
will do we do sometimes we do the thank
yous later we bunch later as I used to
get a ton of them start the stream try
to have a conversation yeah you have to
stop the conversation it doesn't have
too much anymore really I just say
because we hate because now we have the
platter I've been I've been debating
going back he's doing them as they go
you know I think I think it's that we
need to take that and we need to take it
take it as a country sometimes we're in
the middle of conversation can't fingers
subscriber that's why we have a I know I
brought it up and make sure I hit thumb
next you have it great yeah we got well
we got a few already oh my god I already
thanked I think steady beers in text
form but Tiberius Kirk mr. bibs a oh
wait you went away rich well I didn't
know you're gonna go through it all
smite time subscribe for 15 months in a
row one small ball and chick with a rich
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true and really do
really is really true this is actually
you know this is going to be my last
stream of the year yeah well I need
everyone to know that this is our makeup
strim I couldn't do it yesterday and so
we're doing our makeup stream tonight
with you know we don't know we don't
normally stream Monday nights but we're
doing our makeup room tonight I'll try
and get in for a solo stream you'll see
what I got Christmas sure no but but
because of the holiday season
we'll be out of town I will not be
screaming for the rest of the year and I
don't come back when I come back I'll
try and get some solos in I'll be fine
I'll be fine everything will be fine if
I can I think she says bicycle things I
gotta go that's great that's great I
have not seen the trailer for the new
neoprene film someone just tweeted that
at me and I am excited to watch it but
I'm just excited about Neil bringing Jim
oh rich if you solo can you update the
Twitter which do you understand I don't
know what a Twitter is rich does rich
does nothing with the Twitter but um if
rich is planning on soloing I may have
internet here in there
so rich can send me an email or a
message
which I may know is very that's very
comforting though everybody hates me I
may or may not I know I may or may not
if I can or cannot that's all things did
Edmund tweet me I just saw that I just
saw that someone tweeted me I didn't
have to say Oh Edmund good guy just
tweeted me about the news we we've been
talking we've been talking a little like
off of public Twitter about Neil Brady
general and of course everyone knew
Breen is the best in the world
I you know what I agree hack the movies
the world is solely sorely lacking a
rich Evans Twitter account I do have it
updated exact once he's here I think he
would he would have a couple really
great tweets here in there and
90% I like these like dancing school
what's what's in it for me me yeah
that's good let's get down and dirty
here what's in it for you is an easy way
to communicate with the people oh boy
that's exciting
uh-huh keeping you still going camera
she's gonna be over a little bit further
it's a classic sonic problems are you
gonna keep doing this I see something
you got you out of the loop or those who
needs your help at Kraig garbage
leftover beefcake says I don't believe
in green I'm a green atheist you know
while I respect your individual rights
you're just wrong there is a green next
things we've seen his movies we know
Jesus
we know he exists it's like how do you
explain how do you explain something as
beautiful as the abundance of stock
footage that debris how do you explain
that the joy of seeing his testicles if
there was no thing I think you've gone
too far
there's a joy in the pain
any chance the rlm extras DVD will ever
be back in stuff that's not yeah that is
a question for Mike and J here's what I
can say if it's something that they sell
then the answer is yes is there I don't
know things know things maybe I don't
know maybe not like right now obviously
concentrations are other places as far
as releasing movies and DVDs and such is
that Howard the Duck great Howard you
didn't say please
his name is torque fine be that way
essentially my child oh man yeah I don't
even know if they like if you guys could
put together I mean you could put
together an archives volume - doesn't
have a crap on the first archive I think
yeah we've talked about this before and
out of the big problem in like releasing
stuff that you did before your video
we're like one it's a bit like I'd seen
you before you were good at stuff and
two is like you know what when you're
just making movies with your friends you
steal songs you use like stuff that you
can't sell and so then you're talking
about like room editing I think luster
it'd be a cluster fiak this girl
she's like my tail oh boy she's like my
tail tail get it reference I don't get
it I don't understand what your
reference to Kara's at a Sonic the
Hedgehog reference I don't understand
well I'm torque I am a shadow duck isn't
it named Mac Mac knackles the duck shell
book it's more of a nickname okay let's
see here one small ball has sent us a
tip $5 of this specifically $5 of this
tip is for Jack to go get himself some
delicious beer for the holidays $6 of
this is for rich to put towards finding
a new football team fuck the Bears I
cared that much about the NFL that would
be a sick burn
someone is about to steal the key well
thank you one small ball I will I will
get a lovely delicious beer which I
probably would have done anything but
now over over the weekend you wanted to
watch the sporting game the football
sporting I'm nothing it's worth a shot
I'll catch up with you as soon as you
know like I've never cared about
professional sports ever because I think
it was like none of it affects me but
this is someone who loves football and
does fantasy football and so what what
he ended up doing was spending the
entire game watching different scores
update on his phone to see whether or
not his fantasy team was doing and so
it's like it it's the same with that
like you heard some TV the second screen
experience
or a lot of shows now have like
companion apps and you can like mess
around with the app while you watch the
show like Game of Thrones has an app
that tells you where the character is in
the fictional world yeah or like gives
you information about the world of now
or she was watching you know like
they're giving you excuses to look away
from the show that they produced and I
find it a horrible mess of bullshit in
malarkey and that's all I was thinking
when he was watching football but like
football was just on and he was just
paying attention to his phone because
you can't you can't change characters
between stages apparently that's stupid
let's see what the other one plays like
finish this lady up early whenever it's
fine
so in any case it was just one of those
things because you're supposed to be a
fan why aren't you watching the finger
go to sporting game right happens oh
sure it's common right it's weird it is
weird
I mean pay for tickets watch something
you paid to get in to see right it's
weird
damn it you can do a rich I believe in
you no I'm gonna go straight up can't
you go straight up get a little bit
diagonally I think you have to go down
that's not a button listen plunger I
think it's a button he looks different
nope nope that was thing it was a black
there's the thing that we knew the thing
was no no it didn't have a spring on
what so fast this goes right don't try
I've asked animator level my guess is
pretty bad or act
yeah
that gobbledygook isn't that like twitch
I'm not playing a game or even watching
it I'm paying something to a little
screen to access you know what I guess
to shape I guess I guess we all find our
entertainment where it's most more so
it's just like I've never
oh just oh just keep jeez - Garn
gosh-darn oh boy there is that a secret
thing down there see how that look at
that
just a door we're happy with doormen oh
my god
oh I think we are according to Jay he
does not think there will be a RL on the
stream I found this he is unsure he
cannot say 140 knots rich and I won't be
doing anything for new years as I would
be able to which may do something
we're vacation we did not see the space
accident you know what I still have yet
to knowledge I really thought it was
gonna be
Star Wars is the start oh oh well you
want to know give him a wide feedback
I'm gonna watch it right now I know
everyone was talking about that Star
Trek trailer last night I had it in the
back of my head all week like I gotta
watch it so trigger I gotta watch it
they would love a live track trailer I'm
gonna watch the Star Trek trailer right
now
Star Trek beyond yeah okay
thank you
you know you know what I think about
when I think about star trek sweet
wheelies on motorcycles and the Beastie
Boys
yeah for the record that's pretty
simon pegg is is out in public about
hating the truth who had a hand in
writing the movie yeah so I guess
there's hope
I guess I get it like basically they've
they've now like divorced themselves
from any pretense of like being Star
Trek being Star Trek was like we are we
are just an action movie that's what's
happening and you know I like the
Beastie Boys I'm a big Beatles fan see
that's a button that one is about the
other one was a button it's yeah like a
too fast to track it beef beef meat slab
that's the exact perfect way to describe
that here's to bring some counterbalance
to this I I know I know someone who
works at a trailer and completely
separate of the movie production they
hire a different company to make the
trailers for the movie right so I get it
I don't know if you did that on purpose
or I started to move just see what what
happened when he walked My Luck yeah oh
okay great and so I guess what I'm
saying is like I get it like some
producer was just like we are gonna turn
the rock and roll up to 11 let's just
see what happens if we go to track 2
furious and and you know garbage that
happens what game the product that will
satisfy nobody when you do that I know
like this is the first the first tracks
were successful one thing a little
research we're gonna look up the Star
Trek's I go to our good old friend box
office mojo you like box office resident
I like box office they have information
they do they give you the Star Trek's
made two hundred fifty seven million
dollars the Star Trek's into darkness
made 228 million slightly less than the
Star Trek but still a very decent yeah
both both mate you know I'm sure made
money
I'm supposed to go let's just watch
watch Jack Watson freely I know I'm not
exciting when I want to trailers but I
just watch it is the Sonic game not
going over well you know did you have
any interesting points you know you're
not curious if they can improve upon the
formula yeah I'm not particularly
interested in playing hockey right now
that's okay rich that's okay you know
what I want to say a last dream I spent
the entire stream plan with a blood 1
right so from a multitude of reasons I
don't want to play just mostly because
I'm sure them that won't be me secondly
because last room I spent the entire
industry and I've been I've been missing
it I really want
thing in there I can't get a thing I
have a lots of work to do see these
these gold things that are still go you
don't know how to get the gold myself
well then I don't like I don't know if
they're secrets or if that's just the
level design
you're not married are you a rabbit no
you're not a remedy looks like hair
matters why does sonic sonic this is so
not the Hedgehog
so not the Hedgehog weiner hers dog
would like to give us a tip and say I'm
sure the new Star Trek series on CBS
will in no way resemble the pacing of
the the original series or the next
generation is a relatively calm
thoughtful sci-fi show just something
that would never work from this day and
age a relatively if you're gonna make
some an insightful why are you even
bothering with prep because it's the
name because it's new people like to see
the name of it I'm trying to think of
other sci-fi shows
calm and insightful or not which is just
depressing but is it calm and insightful
is it good it's okay it's good everybody
dies the series I don't know I think I I
do think that there is a a world first
slow and deliberate sci-fi I think that
more and more studios don't want to take
that risk so that you wouldn't have to
figure it out
but I think like something like a a
Netflix original or Hulu original or
something you know like a company like
that that's willing to take more risks
and maybe work on a slightly smaller
budget an FX the expanses thing but I've
never seen it
oh I've heard good things about these
things that's a sci-fi show right what's
the amnesia one dark matter dark matter
dark matter I've seen that
that's a Netflix I rely on how slow it
is it's nuts nuts
Star Trek 2009 fast there's action in it
uh-huh but it's a crew on a ship and
they all wake up with amnesia their
brains have been erased when they were
in like hypersleep or whatever that's
what and it turns out they're all
criminals oh you know what I keep seeing
that pop up on Netflix and I keep
wondering if I should watch it watch it
it's okay that's okay
okay loving it I had problems with it I
don't remember what they are
the show was largely left my brain got
so like black mirrors a fine example
black mirrors a fine example of good you
know its episodic or not episodic we
come what do you call something weird
every episode is it's an anthology I
also really like orphan black which I'm
just going to the same areas you're lost
I don't know if orphan black counts as a
slow sci-fi but it's it's definitely
sci-fi it's fun I really like to orphan
black but again you know that's a
smaller Network like like your FX your
BBC's your Syfy's your Netflix they're
gonna come out with your quality stuff
the big networks it on video they don't
want an inexpensive your doctor who's
the doctor who's I you know for there
was a long time in which I enjoyed the
doctor who's I would not consider to on
no I I haven't watched any of the news
that I would not categorize Doctor Who
as no that was my guess in order to just
think I worked thing would used to be no
I don't know if it was every time it was
it was it's more science fantasy but
it's good science fantasy it's like it's
like an adventure and they get into a
little bit of the nitty-gritty but it's
more fun it just was good what happens
we get on that first
and then for the rabbit room get to the
rabbit room
Oh sense8 on love sense a set slow and
plodding it is but unless of a sci-fi
way and more of a character like they
never delve into the hard science of why
but I really like it
what do I do with these rabbits I don't
know what to do with the rabbits no I
haven't seen any of the Peter Capaldi
doctor I stopped watching guys for a
while ago and as long as that companion
was there who at whatever her name was I
think it's gonna happen unavoidable
aspect of reality as we know it
oh there you go you got some harsh fire
you got some hard fire
okay call good call I know a secret
areas when I see a secret areas no I
can't care about doctor her anymore with
them what's her Nick Clara oh I fucking
hated player Clara as a companion was
worthless so as long as she's there I'm
out we're learning things rich
would you consider yourself a fan of
there are lots of John Hughes movies I
love mmm-hmm
I don't know that I love all of them but
in general if someone would say hey I'm
gonna watch a John Hughes movie tonight
you down probably I think we got good
odds there I could think of several John
Hughes movies but I really enjoy and I'm
having a hard time thinking of the John
Hughes movie that his characters are all
obnoxious spoiled rich brats yeah who
don't realize how good they have it so
there's something obnoxious about John
Hughes movies yes I don't care about the
angst of young rich people you have
nothing you have nothing to bitch about
if you're a John John Hughes movie yet
you bitch about things you've nailed
John Hughes yeah yeah you know who loves
John Hughes I live in a house with eight
rooms eight bedrooms alone but what I'm
saying our teen life sucks well my life
sucks
because my dad works all the time my dad
works so we can afford this mansion we
live in I could basically do whatever I
want
fuck that no yeah it's rich suburban
people love gianni of course they do
because it speaks to them
I think there's a lot of good John
Hughes I'd like you know I don't know if
you watch the home alone movies for the
holidays I mean they're not good but the
classic what else was a Christmas
vacation
Johnny's Christmas vacation Christmas
classic of course this just enriched has
nailed
home alone aged poorly yeah I mean we
just want you know because I got the kid
you know we like the boys the boys wet
themselves laughing what do you want to
tell Malone the criminals impaling
themselves and falling down you should
hear the uproarious laughter it makes it
makes walking home alone worth it to
hear the laughter children because the
men get hit in the head and cry and
that's what makes its I mean if you just
watched that movie and it just makes no
sense a home on one end time it loses it
real fast but that doesn't matter you
just want to see the chief addiction
he's gonna see the men get hit in the
crotch and they do so it delivers Oh
Clara is gone now from doctors you know
what the never give it a shot
I hate the sound of children laugh ass I
hate the sound of children laughing
nearly as much as I hate the sound of
them crying Wow Vera 4 yeah it's fine
yeah that's all fine you know it is it's
a it is a tradition in my household to
watch Christmas vacation every single
year I have possibly seen this
configuration more than I've seen any
other movie every time I watch it there
is something new so much fine of a
Christmas story Christmas story I mean
another perfectly fine classic and it's
a Wonderful Life
there's a fantastic movie really yes
it's a wonderful life I love it's a
wonderful life really yes really go fuck
yourself what is the oak also lately
what is with people like thinking
they're clever putting out well diehards
my favorite shit Sherlock know those
people
30 years ago we weren't dicks about it
then if they were there just was no
internet then you're catching it on the
internet now everyone that was
everybody's joke I just figured that out
because I'd clever gremlins that's my
favorite Christmas movie a good home
we'll check the game takes place on
Christmas
misoo fries now I will pretend that you
did not mention a Christmas vacation -
that's what I'm gonna do to be polite -
thanks found the secret be smart that's
that's a really neat little like
mechanic pinball mechanic pinball
mechanic they really dig down we're
worried it's a wonderful it's a
wonderful life is a strange choice why
fine why is it a strange choice it's an
older mood so can't be good because it's
old it's not I can't be good you know
but I just figured that would be beyond
any one of our generation I saw it piers
got like oh don't wonder this is a
classic it's a great movie
you know it's a fucking great moving you
know there's a horrible flop right I
don't care I really don't care who
thought it was a flop I've seen it it's
a great movie oh sure sure there's a
very fun story behind it - wonderboy
which is when it came out it was a flop
and pan yeah I got well and it got
recognized kisses on TV so much I know
the only reason was on TV so much is
because no one Pony DUP money for the
distribution rights because it was such
a horrible and so TV networks to play it
for very cheap yeah so they played it
every Christmas because it was a cheap
movies like that's when it became the
Christmas classic which i think is a fun
story
that's a fine movie Jimmy Stewart your
your money's not here it's it's over
Anna - I read your money isn't oh well
my works
there's to the Saturday a Saturday Night
Live episode where they they have the
alternate ending it's a wonderful life
they all go to beat up mr. Potter
it was a flop because no one was ready
for all that existentialism after World
War Two I'm not I'm not disagreeing that
it's a fun it's just you know I do I by
the way
Tobin the gnome i 100% have a classical
film bias you guys know what my
attention spans this month I have a very
short attention span and older movies
tend to have any slower pace to them and
so just because of that slower pace yes
I really enjoy Christmas movies I've
never even seen the original yeah the
the remake with with the the Jurassic
Park guy and Matilda I haven't seen
either yeah oh it's fun you know John
Hammond the Jurassic Park guy yeah and
he's great I programs he looks like
Santa and that little girl who played
Matilda whatever her name is that
actress that was another thing with my
little girl and
Derek German dermot mulroney women Dylan
McDermott sure sure
remember Dylan German that at all
television star he's in it if you're a
dreamboat Miracle on 34th Street thank
you
Thank You mr. screw I love Scrooged that
is my all-time favorite version of a
Christmas Carol oh Jesus Christ yes
Jesus Christ I never hear people talk
about Scrooge it's so good yes it's
great so good all you know what all you
need is Scrooge and a Muppets Christmas
Carol those are the two versions and I'm
just seeing the Muppets right like a
decade after Jim Henson died just seeing
the Muppets oh now mother's Christmas
sales ploy you know it's a Christmas
carol but they have songs and Michael
Caine is Scrooge so it's like you get
the Muppets and no and you know what the
Muppet version of the ghost of cookie
season
yeah he's serious fuck like you think
the one that gets bridge this story's
just like he's just this giant bloke
with giant Muppet hands very very year
gonzo and Rizzo the rat kind of married
the whole thing
and we get to the ghost of Christmas
past and something like gonzo is just
like you know there's a few cherry I'm
leaving I'll be back after this part cuz
I don't like this great I wanna watch
the screw tube right now Oh Scrooge
that's great it doesn't it doesn't age
perfectly like you know it has Bob gold
pink bro wants me to say something to
steam pink because there's a parallel
Jack can you to say to rich double your
weight gobbledygook would like to send
us a tip and say it's a wonderful life
is my favorite you a theist fuck why my
atheist fuck my favorite I think he just
wanted to agree with you and and make
sure he knows where you stand in his
book you're still gonna burn in hell he
wants you to say something he wants you
to say
well you know you read oh and well I'll
finish up the rest which is the DC
online ps4 but he wants you to say
something have rich say Merry Christmas
movie house Merry Christmas
wait I get to the Train Merry Christmas
movie house
Merry Christmas Emporium Merry Christmas
you wonderful no their lives for I can
see arrested Merry Christmas you
wonderful building alone DC online well
online creation are we ever gonna play
that the DC online from appeal for you
know it's free you fucks well Merry
Christmas everybody
mochi b85 says hello clearance any
chance for another Nintendo 64 stream or
was the console damaged beyond repair
when Mike tried to force the VHS tape
into that obviously you've never had a
ps4 cuz you know it can take a lot more
damage than that no of course we I I
enjoyed the ps4 stream we will do
another one
we have it here you know what
the only thing is I need to figure out
for some reason our our Elgato oh shit
it's really flaky when when we plug
analogue stuff into it like it does it
works perfectly when it's an HDMI video
source but when it when we have an
analogue video source it gets really
played through the streaming stuff so
I'm screwed working out the plugs there
but I'll get there and yes Oh starfox 64
I'll be the tank and lose every time
yeah fact 64 is like one of the few
things the n64 good night yes we will do
another ncc for stream I will make sure
that in the new year in the new year now
reminds me how much cleanup is involved
with say half in the bag when they trash
the set like throwing TVs and bottles
around the corporate rich depends like
it hasn't been in a while for continuity
reasons because Plagueis house is fucked
up and on a mountainside I'm covered
with snow yeah I assume if the house
ever gets put back to normal or normal
spot yeah then there'll be a lot of
cleanup involved but for right now we'll
just look like the end of the last
episode
yeah keep continuity but I'll only move
the set like the amount of broken glass
you can sweep off that floor is amazing
it was ridiculous yeah it was ridiculous
or like after the pixels review just
like cleaning up all the blood I had to
throw away my shoes there was so much
blood on me and rich and I am for for
pre-record and I wasn't the best of the
worst we got we gifted to the studio
we're using them for free rec is these
nice chairs in there
they're thin profile but they're
comfortable but they're also minimal
they're small chairs so you can get all
four of them around a table we said okay
we will gift these to the studio here is
previously recorded if I needed to use
those cares for the pixels reviewing
so now every time we sit in we get a
little bit of blood we are yeah I'll be
right back apparently I have to do
something registers because somebody's
gotta do something there's a whisper
there's a whisper but yeah we get blood
buck every once in a while I'd love to
stay and dance but my ears Al's got a
tight schedule besides if something else
is guarding this thing I got one time
yes I love the man in the high castle
any any shadow can make you care about
the bad guy near the end of that show
like there is a Nazi officer who you are
rooting for but ah yeah and I Castle
great
what I don't know what I'm doing I don't
know what I'm doing
rich I'm fighting a big bug I don't know
what I'm doing so far guys are gone I
can as it turns out I can great someone
asked earlier how much hey I'm the voice
guy I don't mind doing a crazy for
yourself doing good for this shit
what do you sent your call monetary
relativism I'm gonna say 40 bucks one
single $40 or we can multiple people
shipping this is the this is the
important question and and here's the
thing rich I will I will make you stick
to yes 40 from this point on really have
multiple people from this point until we
talk about Stalin
okay well that's the caveat that's the
caveat maybe even then if I'm filling up
doing and then you'll talk in Jimmy
Stewart I mean now I don't want to do
that all right fine 450 total oh I'll do
Star Wars spoiler targets Jimmy Stewart
oh wait Alvin five days where can I get
apocalypse female Fulton warriors with
our own Pantera track I think they're
sold out on Amazon forty bucks if you
fix your phone what's writing the sound
now
turn down the game audio okay it was
right that did just turn down the music
so we got to go to OBS Richwood would
you like to read the later
tip leftover beefcake says for a voice
of your choice the whole stream all
right so jerk we're we're not going on
John get me sure I gotta I gotta shake
Jimmy Stewart every now and then just to
get into the voice right I think you
know what really helps with the steward
voice is um is a stuttering barely get
the words out some fun Merry Christmas
movie
in life I need more life Jimmy Stewart
well you already got to do better at the
game yeah I was doing pretty well I'd
like to say Jimmy I shot I said I'd do
the Jimmy Stewart voice shit and I
didn't say you can call me Jimmy Stewart
oh I guess you're right
Jimmy mcawesome you can gift us steam
games at our email address which is
prereq at red letter media calm how'd
you get it up the boss where he hiding
them oh no you got something else by the
way by the way $40 to get me just by the
way $40 you got me to stop doing the
Jimmy Stewart boy 40 to do in your
normal voices and the crowd is spoken
the crowd is spoken what do we do now
right what do we do now I don't know I'm
conflicted
you you you your refund yeah not like I
feel like you know you said for the rest
of the stream I did I did good and now
someone has offered you know Oh slightly
more to stop it
after you jokingly said you know from 40
more you would stop it I don't I don't I
don't know how to feel here rich every
other sentence in Jimmy Stewart voice
what is the trap thing I think I think
you need to do it for a bit longer
I think we need at least we just need an
hour of Jimmy Stewart to get to get
leftover beefcakes money
money's worth that's what I'm saying all
right there we go what were you saying I
think I think you made a promise that
you would do Jimmy Stewart for the for
the rest of the stream any extra money
be durned if you know if you were smart
you would have you would have said you
know for the next hour what not now but
you said the rest of this dream of
wonder what my place was such that's
where I came up was really 40 bucks
so race what do you think of the game so
far a gaming channel questions questions
what a game just so I can do a voice
only voice I think we should talk about
everywhere gaming channel I should talk
about I think the games are just kind
okay you know it's my breathe it's not
super exciting but oh my god I'm sorry
your Jimmy Stewart's turning into
blinking a little bit for me to default
into play confirmed for five years where
the vibrationally for five years I've
been I've been doing Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy
Stewart for for five murders
there's go natural easy that forest
should get his pick of voice for Jack in
return for his 42 dollars you know that
that would that would be extra dinners
in the I I made no promises of voices
though show on HIV straight by under
night someone like yeah if I'm doing a
voice and Jimmy Stewart over here is
doing his dick like there's gonna be a
lot of confusion so I'm gonna be
I'm gonna stick with me I'm just gonna
be me blanket Stewart now run can't do
it you guys you got to do it you said
you're gonna do it
get moving you furry lady nice got there
got there just makes you feel dirty
about Sonic the Hedgehog in general in
there you know I've never know I like
you know I know that's the general joke
with sound of a hedgehog whole thing
whole series just some kind of furry
white vest and I love the earrings Jimmy
Stewart say that yeah you know animals
is fun anthropomorphic animals are weird
enough so I guess just what you're weird
for me and I'm sitting here doing a
Jimmy Stewart voice uh-huh
that's what makes it worth it this does
take it like Jimmy Stewart complained
about them furries what they're they're
a notorious drug games
tyranny Soros Rex would like to hear
rich read his comments Oh sex say ghosts
and goblins and the Jimmy Stewart short
voice I don't need no no ghost will you
go start over here we don't get any of
that your ghosts are over at Bob's house
and Bob
Yoriko started here they're encouraged
involve the savings loans I've built
your farm we've all work together and
community what nice perhaps that's what
mr. Potter wants
I was a great bit it's a great bit
because it's not me doing the place I
now understand riches like intense
sympathy when I do it boys it's it's
tough some peas the thing of things to
say
I'm trying to feed you trying to feed
you lines it you got out of that one
really well this bike track
why do I go you're working on it and do
my junks just right you got are you got
a bunch off the wall mr. plinkus goes to
Washington absolutely absolutely
for a while there I was thinking about
doing though the first wife is reviewing
characters and whole review huh
oh my sight now I'm Rick why didn't do
that I would have been out of a
measurable you did say that that that
would be a normal which boys I I think
it should still maybe we can get a
little Jimmy Stewart but by that point
you might be dead Kristopher Kringle
vote for for the review I don't know if
your watch I haven't no I didn't watch
the review because I only saw the movie
this morning there's no character again
oh yeah you're just waiting for Michael
J a walk in your so what the fuck are
you doing what the hell's going on don't
know now I actually have to watch their
why you're talking like a bad Jimmy
Stewart hopefully hopefully they say
then look at that thing that's a that's
a great looking in how is my problem how
do you do that attack that's a great
attack that was like gangbusters
gangbusters worked out really well my
fan of musicals not in general you out
like usual I'm a fan of Disney musicals
but in general man and he'll and so
jumping nice nice that's like Jurassic
Park like I like it hug monsters like
that and big hug men through them yeah I
don't know what's going on with your
screaming quality there are different
quality settings is there some sort of
audio thing I sing really are back to
normal yeah if you go more to the right
there's like pickups the he'll pick up
some gem pickups by the way rich KGB ate
my bread would like you right now the
way you are talking to describe a sex
scene between Jar Jar Binks and Jabba
the Hutt what what in fact would you
want that just too soon why would your
stickers toll all over the job as face
but what else is it gonna do yeah I
guess I guess I guess will job um you
can just you can just stick it anywhere
he's got some butt flaps
javis got a lot of body to rub down you
know George are nothing but folds for
your penis
but wait you know I mean Java is a worm
he's just a worm he's got nothing he's
got nothing
what sort of androgynous or erogenous
zone does he have fear like like an
earthworm
yeah if I gave this a lot of thought
yeah so you just think you'd cut him in
half and that's how he reproduces
suddenly on his body
just like the reproductive section in
him too much just rub together there's
something so that's what the sex scene
is jar-jar just cutting job on half and
I kind of like that that's not
earthworms we produce how do you
earthworms reproduce
hey they're worth abides i got i got sex
organs of both genders uh-uh
92 earthworm which can have babies
there's just help to the right see there
you go Jimmy Stewart teaching you about
our sex what else do you want from a
stream that's all you need that's all
you need right there nice jar jar's dick
like time you think well I guess you
know he might have a dick like time he's
like he's a fish guy right
how do fishes have sex they lay eggs
fishes lay eggs so what would happen is
female fresh sushi she lays her eggs
then no fish she just kind of shoot
sperm out of a hole and just just
everywhere but she the female just
sprays her eggs everywhere and then the
male just sprays his junk everywhere and
so what would happen is like Jabba would
get all in the mood and then jar-jar
would go off into a corner and just
spray it everywhere
it would be really unsexy no matter how
no matter how you slice it it's really
unsexy for morpha dice yes I'm very
tired of this yep can we and one jars
are in Java
should you be sure which you mean I you
made a promise
uh-huh we're not obtaining it off oh god
I hope so because I'm sticking it to
this you've you've made a promise
checker or your hardware on night no no
no I I strive to be a trustworthy
businessman and you you've made a
business call I will do it I will do
this service for X amount of dollars and
someone has paid X amount of dollars and
so if you do not fulfill your service
provider obligations I would be a bad
I'd be a bad businessman you know what
rich made a $40
