Episode 470
Bloob Blorne (part 2)
March 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSeoK9brOFU
___________________________________________

[A] right now what are the stats on this
thing yeah maybe I level this up a
little bit I kind of like this
they have all these shards that I'm not
doing anything with there we go oh wait
I can I think I can blood gem the blood
letter doo doo doo
do-do-do-do-do but that milkweed ruin if
you have it and talk to the guy in
beginning of fishing hamlets oh yeah
there was that guy I didn't kill him
okay hold on I will I will do as you say
just give me a moment
predators equipment drops at the places
he previously tried to kill you oh cool
I would say the places he successfully
tried to kill you he did successfully
try to kill me but wait there's a
milkweed thing that I have to do
apparently
hold on there's a ruined milkweed ruin I
thought they said I could be wrong all
right hold on give me a moment
okay I'm fine everything's fine what is
the best controller you have ever used
rich mouse a keyboard depends on what
game we're talking about though
shooters mouse and keyboard otherwise
they're all fine as long as they're not
cheap the 360 is okay
dual Jack's fine I was like the 360 you
know what still my favorite one of my
favorite controllers is the GameCube
controller that fit my hands very nice I
still don't get with a 360 controller
why why the analog stick is offset and
why that's good why that's great it
works why why is it better than the Meg
together I don't get it
because then you know it's like that's
where your thumb naturally rests like if
you if if I'm holding the PlayStation
and my thumb naturally rests where the
buttons are and for like a first-person
shooter your thumb naturally rests
where'd it where it is right where this
which is funny because I just I just
blindly after you said that picked up
the 360 controller yeah my thumb's lying
right between there no on the mid zone
that's that's good placement then okay
wait it's not a rolled their controllers
a little differently
and that's true and it's really what
you're used to
I just like things that aren't
ridiculously large cuz I've got every
size hands for a woman and some of these
like the original Xbox controller are
just crazy oh yeah oh god the original
Xbox controller loves that thing it was
ridiculous
murky damp the controller should not be
bigger than the console yeah well not
what are the consoles really spoke huh
huh huh they got tiny console huh just
saying I don't think I have a milkweed
something rule that's gems you want room
huh you're in the wrong section
yeah these Oh bees to get the milkweed
rune you have to go around the astral
Clocktower collecting brain fluid from
the blobby things and give them to that
blood bloated head lady who asked you
for them switch weird shit in this game
and I don't know if they're fucking with
you or if it's something they would
really do a blood-borne oh no I remember
when I was going through the the like
the library medical place and that lady
was like I need brain juice oh yeah it
was great
it was great so wait that's it
all right we're gonna have to give
somebody brain juice okay where do I go
for the brain juice where do we go for
the brain juice I'm going to brain juice
I got antlers on my head let's brain
juice it up excuse me mr. man brain
juice in the nightmare I assume astral
Clocktower boom going turn how do you
feel about brain juice we have to
collect brain juice ridge time chick
1008 okay
beat me front Avenue we got a decently
long straight
we had a decently long stream I feel bad
that we played so much Batman because it
sucked so much yeah whatever it's fine
rich what do you think of the oculus
rift being $5.99 it makes me doubly not
interested in one I didn't carry the
first place
and I certainly wouldn't be willing to
experiment for $5.99 I don't want to
fall on this thing because then you're
stuck out here other things out here
I'll wait until someone I'm someone wait
until I have an opportunity to try the
try one to decide whether or not I'll
bother getting one when you can get one
for a hundred bucks right all right I'm
in the astral Clocktower
there's a lady fighting here oh my god
hold on and then there are some there
are some things out here that I defeated
before the lady thing you don't have to
jack when you equip it you'll just get
some extra lines with an NPC well fuck
you mana witness do it go to the top of
the research hall and there's one brain
juice when you hit the talking blob the
other one is next to the church hunter
in the middle of the room someone else
FC Lucas is saying wrong way maybe I am
wait maybe I have him already do you
want to summon somebody and have them
guide you to the brain juice I think I
might have him already I've gotten all
the things already
lady Maria is the one named in the clock
town tower she was tough battle let me
go to the brain juice lady over here
Steve see if I can talk to her
I remember where she is
apparently the internet says those says
those oculus azar sold out how many do
they make small released a small enough
number so they could say they were sold
out uh that's the key
I've been hyped for a while but yeah I
can't see that many people chipping in
for 600 bucks to get water if money were
no object it might be a nice toy to play
with but did you get the jist of Lourdes
yeah yeah but for most people money
success $600 is it is a console I'm like
that's a that's a you know you could get
a halfway decent gaming PC for 600
that's another month of life that's
exactly you remember this rich not
specifically oh maybe
okay apparently I didn't get the murky
mushy brain fluid all right party people
murky mushy brain fluid where am I going
for the murky mushy brain fluid look if
you go to the room with the giant
flaming cleric beast you may see some
stuff the giant flaming cleric beast
another I know the cleric beast is that
thing you fight at the very beginning of
the game on the bridge is there a
flaming one in the DLC Jesus Christ I
have no idea I have not in recent memory
fought a giant flaming cleric beast go
up with both elevators and find the blob
next to a hunter
okay oh I think I know what you're
talking about I think I know we're
talking about $600 just like 500 plus
games on Steam during a sale yes yes
none of which will be supported by the
oculus rift yeah yeah what is gonna be
available on the stupid rift no you know
this is like being a valve has opened up
there all of the like source engine
stuff to it there is no brain fluid
outside the lab area see that thing
right there that's a blobby thing Karen
what games do you whoop rich at oh yeah
nothing it's two-player but you're far
better than me it depends some nights
amount some nights ELISA there are other
games I'm sure
oh that's right I didn't probably
involve like words or something
yeah maybe trivia with in with maybe
categories that I music any music trivia
site some science stuff certainly like
like medicine like with your dad
we're talking about Stephen we were
talking about Stephen Hawking and his
father his father was I said just as
Stephen Hawking ever get jealous of Lou
Gehrig I said because if if Lou Gehrig
hadn't had it you know would they would
they be calling it Stephen Hawking's
disease now and that's horribly morbid I
love it and and riches father goes well
what are they called in England and I
said I think they call it neurone motor
disease instead of amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis just like they do here it just
looks at me it goes how do you know that
because I'm a nerd I don't know anyone
who has it I think we got in this
subject because so he wasn't sure
something's talking about somebody he's
like they've got they've either got ALS
or Parkinson's I don't remember which I
think it was Parkinson's and I said well
if you're going to give one I don't
really want you to get you know a person
to get either of them but ALS I think
the life expectancy is like two years
Parkinson's is the better one to get if
you've got to get one of them and then
he said well Stephen Hawking I think
that's how we got into that because you
know Stephen Hawking's has been around
for a long time and and I said yeah I
mean I think his his breathing in his
swallowing haven't been compromised
too much which is unusual and all that
time that's why he's still here there's
another brain fluid sac on the raptors
of this tower or you turned the
staircase they won't let that bad dive
I'm sure he wants to
well you know maybe he wants to some
days in other days he doesn't well she
said she'd give me her blood but you
didn't give me your blood
you might need how many did you give her
I gave her one I think you need to Oh
I said there's another one in the
rafters son Jesus Christ I gotta go all
the way to the rafters yep where you
turn the staircase yeah I remember I
don't I don't know if I can exactly
remember how to get up someone else is
saying you probably need to exit and
re-enter the area for her to want more
brain fluid then you get the other one
from the top of the room I'm a small bit
at the top of the rehab that very first
listen we're here we'll get the brain
fluid I hid like there's a lot of people
to fight in here wait wait did you see
that did you see that what I think I saw
a secret area
is that a secret amazing was that a
secret no I think this is just an area
Wow Karen have you seen the theory of
everything no miss Stephen Hawking
rom-com oh I've heard about it I haven't
seen it it's it's on the list of movies
I would like to see I've seen some like
nonfiction documentaries about Stephen
Hawking and about his theories version
of Windows do you use 7 because what the
fuck do I need to figure out how to get
all my old games to work on Windows 10
for maybe they won't it looks like you
can fall through there okay get this
other than just oh new cool is there
really a lot of compelling stuff for you
and Windows 10 I mean other than you
know yeah it's better than Windows 8
supposedly but you didn't even bother
with Windows 8 already went through the
headache of trying to get Jedi Knight to
run on Windows 7
and I run Windows seven - yeah me too
whenever seven all the way I've heard
very mixed reviews about Windows 10 and
I think it's even if I had used it it
would be a bit a little bit premature to
have an opinion about it usually these
things after they've been out for a year
or two and they've got some service
packs and things like that going on I
think they tend to him work out bugs it
hasn't been out that long when ten seems
like there's a lot of intrusive spying
on user content and I'm not shocked yeah
that's the new that's new hotness all I
know is they're giving out Windows 10
for free now and you know if you're if
you're an old Windows user every time
user every time a user

[B] I'll open up with the window side of
that computer there's a little thing
that says hey you could you could you
have Windows 10 now for free there any
way you can like block that I think
there is but it's it's it's tough to do
and and there there's always the rule
where it's if if you're not paying or if
you're paying for something you're the
customer and if you're not if you're
getting something for free you're the
product
hmm and so they're giving away Windows
10 for free because they want your data
yeah yeah they want your data to sell
the people well other than then and a
few minor aesthetic improvements some of
which could probably be duplicated with
software without changing OS I don't
know that it really offers much
compelling that I've heard of it may
have some security you know
advantages and stuff Windows 10 actually
had an update recently that uninstalled
third-party programs like CC cleaner
without warning you or asking for
permission boom windows Windows 10
brought back the start button though or
you can just use Windows 7 which has the
start button that works Windows 8 Start
button you could do it in classic mode
ok where do I where do I gotta go now in
order to fight a fire cleric I'm not
doing the brain fluid thing because I've
remembered getting up to the clot to the
top of this is a pain in the ass ok so
keep moving forward or find a fire
cleric beast and really I mean the idea
of something resembling a start button
this kind of universal now I mean when
Apple has it you know has its taskbar
which is pretty much doing the same
kinds of things chrome has that little
thing in the lower left hand corner
which is an awful lot like Start button
it's carrying a Star Trek fan what would
she like to see in the new series
I'd like like to see them address find a
way to address modern social and
political issues by proxy I think in
some ways it's it was decks gen was of
its time I'd like to say them see them
bring it forward I'd like to see more
stories and more creative stuff which is
gonna be a case in any series I hope
they're gonna you know bring some
Vulcans in at some point mr. Vulcan
would you say you're a fan of Star Trek
yeah yes what level what level of fan
are you casual fans in where are the
levels in the first Chapel of hunters
nightmare where the big dude comes with
an axe out of the dorm so I'm saying you
go to the first lamp up that long
staircase with the Cthulhu ax ogre oh
yeah I remember him wait but there was
no guy in there I don't I just reading
things I read the things he's my job
okay I'm gonna go back to where that guy
killed me that first time because I
think they said he dropped something
and if he's not there I'll try to the
tight that go through the monster I'm a
fan but not the sort of fan that the
sort of fan who wants other fans to
prove their fan this would find suitably
fan vanish Tiberius Kirk says our world
is so sick that TOS still addresses a
lot of modern social it does and then so
does you know all in the family a show
which you know is older than I am that's
got a big s staff you probably don't
want to miss wagon
what bye I thought he might be a friend
I thought he might be a friend you think
he was a friend just say he wasn't doing
anything he wasn't like looking for me
or nothing I thought he might be a
friend and I could talk to him and he
would be a great friend but I'm leaving
now
Madden episode that address gender
fluidity would be fine with me it's just
an episode they could address any number
of things in an episode watch the watch
thing
Cameron what it's called I said TNG
episode were Riker Falls and like in
love with an alien from species that has
no gender that's something I don't think
I've seen that one see rich likes to
binge-watch so he's seen like every next
gen in every class Genbu boom boom boom
boom I ignore like yeah I feel like
watching Star Trek let me flip through
the synopsis oh yeah that looks
interesting have I seen that before oh
yeah I think I saw it once before whoops
guess I'm watching it again
the outcast that's what they're saying
it's called oh maybe we'll watch that
tonight if it's not too late yeah sure
sure so they were they were already
discussing gender fluidity yes
well before the time in which it was the
massive talking point in all the media
outlets gender fluidity all right I'm on
it wait whose burger Star Trek nerd
Micha rich
Mike Mike yeah Mike she's got the memory
for it not that I'm not a big Star Trek
fan oh no you're a huge Star Trek fan
yeah good you don't necessarily you
probably have more memorabilia and swag
and whatnot if you had the means swag do
do do do do it Mike by virtue of being
the owner of a studio gets a certain
amount of swag just from that isn't the
summary on the building no yeah I mean
who's the corporation that's in his name
okay so do I have to fight him I just
run past them
like probably can't fight them
that makes it son I objected to it
because it makes it sound like our
relationship is like a business
relationship no you guys have been
friends yes high school yeah and I
really don't think that there would
probably be a red letter media right now
if you hadn't been part of Mike's life
oh that I mean there probably still
would be it would just probably very
very different yeah
I've been here before and this thing
didn't wake up so it's gonna wake up now
I don't I just read the things yeah not
gonna wake up now it's gonna wake up its
what's your favorite pop song which is
not a big music fan but you got to have
one define a pop song firework by Katy
Perry rock lobster well I did a pop song
they made a popular song Oh does it have
to be like a top 40 well you know that's
usually pop it's like okay it's a genre
don't fear the reaper is that a pop song
okay you're talking about like top 40 in
the last five years or so top 40 of of
any of any decade period don't see the
reefer I'm sure was in the top not top
40 in the terms of top 40s genre on a
station but as far as like the Billboard
top 40 you think yes I think I think
okay it probably hit the top 10 on
Billboard's charts at some point I was
talking about top 40 as a genre right
yeah it's like like I'm not sure what
counts in that I can't I don't know how
I don't know how to answer that question
neither richer I are we're not anti top
40 but neither of us is a big listener
to top 40 we listen to more to classic
rock I don't some other genres I don't
go out of my way to like listen like in
general though really yeah you're not a
huge music person the rich doesn't even
if I read kpop rich what's k-pop I know
it gets your favorite k-pop album what
rich you just tell us what the K stands
for
he doesn't know what the K in kpop
stands for therefore we can expect he
probably doesn't have assuming it's not
Katy Perry no no it's probably not Katy
Perry termina kites it's probably not
kazoo know who kazoo papa
kazoo pop is taken over in most of Korea
it's probably not like karate just baby
the answer huh well career yeah I know
my I know my cuz it's K Korean Korean
everybody I've said Korean earlier I
said I've never in my career which
sounds like career kind of good I have
never in my life heard Korean pop hit
career pop career polish Korean I've
never in my life said sorry son you
gotta work a late sometimes I wonder
style kpop yeah 16 tons a pop that's
that's kpop but the genre of kpop is
usually a large group of females it's
like of like teenage and young young
girls that's all singing a group
together that sounds dreadful it's
mostly dreadful but I'm also very
awesome it's intended to be like kind of
dance music yeah which isn't like the
kind of stuff that you usually just sit
there put on your headphones and maybe
you do that's the kind of that's exactly
the kind of stuff I sit there with
headphones and listen to bubble bubble
bubble pop bubble bubble bubble pop I've
been there that kind of sounds like the
Powerpuff Girls soundtrack which is
awesome by the way the apples in stereo
yeah low and bows out of the window
chewing bubblegum that soundtrack for
your birthday one year I know I still
have it it's a great album the
Powerpuff Girls soundtrack is totally
totally underrated it's actually good
never a sentence is underrated because I
think people always liked it but I but I
think people just dismiss it as though
it's a kid's album you know and it's
it's g-rated sure but I mean it's fun
pop songs by reasonably popular artists
do-do-do-do-do-do emo music I could see
rich listing the emo music but rich
doesn't listen to emo music yeah they
wallow in it too much they play like emo
style stuff at work it's horrible yeah
wait at work yeah it's like you listen
the one this was just one song to be
kicked when you're down feel like you've
been pushed around you don't know what
it's like welcome to my life it's
horrible the guy's got a whiny voice
welcome to my life
so you for the who the Beatles what hole
were the Beatles you know I don't care
for either I'm not a big Beatles fan and
who's like there are lots of some good
songs there are more Beatles songs that
I like but there are also more Beatles
songs than I dislike you despise I know
the Beatles are really stuff I'm not a
big fan of when you touch me I feel
happy when I was a kid yeah should you
feel like that my love I can't hide I
can't hide I can't hide oh it's like I
like early bit of stuff like like
they're kind of like more straight up
like rockabilly stuff I really like you
know like saw her standing there I'm a
believer no yeah that one's not know
whatever oh I want to hold your hand
kind of thing it just doesn't do it for
me yeah you know the time although it is
pretty good if you play it as an app
they play the LP I'm 45 it's you know
it's the 33 and you play another 45 no I
don't know how to say what that means if
you make them sound like chipmunks I
play by playing the vinyl too fast then
it's kind of fun what about baby you can
drive I guess there's some fun Norwegian
Wood it's relatively early and we can
work it out there's some fun Beto stuff
octopus's garden is okay but I think I
it's one of those songs and so was
yellow submarine was one of those songs
that probably would have driven me nuts
when it was pot when it was popular it
was on the radio every 40 seconds sure
those songs are like great every five
years
