Episode 478
Blundertale (More Undertale Part 4)
March 16, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj_UzKDwSSQ
___________________________________________

that's fine that's fine back back to the
game actually wait I have an idea
yeah let's let's be friends under net
but then you could just pig me what you
need help fuck wait
we're already friends aren't we oh god I
hope I sighed yeah did I did I even
you've been reading my post this with
the whole time
well well I hope you were briefly about
noob YouTube because it's just it's
terrible it's a travesty
okay alright
looks like we're going up
that only takes me back you have to
there's a puzzle on top theorem and the
puzzle in the bottom of the room and you
need to clear both of those puzzles
before you can go to the right of the
room is what he said so choose your
destination
oh okay oh and you only have one shot
well how does this work I didn't do this
oh you so you have to clear you just
have to have a clear space from the
yellow arrow to the white arrow okay but
all of these black boxes move whenever
you press any direction I was kind of
neat
yeah nice simple focus
no potions on that
yeah you got it fucked up
like this music
I like this be like what that's right
dr. Lyon these are this is a puzzle as
fuck you know puzzle like that puzzle
puzzle quest
you could do a rich I believe in you
I cannot I believe in you because I am
stupid pants this dream has lost around
23 viewers since we started that is
incorrect midget testicles we how when
we started streaming we had about 300
years I have a fun little thing here to
tell that gives me an info graph of how
many people have been on there when we
started trimming we had 312 viewers and
that has steadily risen for the most
most part of the stream we had about 539
and now we've capped off at 600 so it's
not our highest was 613 so we may have
lost 13 viewers but we're still we're
still doing pretty good still doing
pretty good I have no idea what I'm
doing but
oh yes thank you time to research that's
who Paul Scheer is he was also on human
giant of really great really grow you
know the solution no but I can figure
out yeah
nitrous oxide I figured out the last one
so
I think the key is that flip up top what
oh I thought we needed to make a line up
and down there I misunderstood oh sorry
yeah you were firing the thing from the
yellow arrow to the white arrow and so
he's made it clear oh I thought we
needed to make a path from the arrow to
the arrow well yeah no I mean like line
it up in that section like like a tube
oh sorry then I then I did a very poor
job of explaining it to you and I'm very
sorry it's okay
shit happens shit happens great urban
vermin or gruff McMiller says jack or
rich my girlfriend wants to know next
best of the worst yeah and I think I
just talked to Jay about filming that
one recently so yeah my favorite medics
were on moment right right what
everything looks the brightest he poses
to erratically like when he's on a
cooking show on the eggs don't turn out
right yeah he's like a box I don't know
I don't know what boys to do with them
well I'm trying to track of the jack but
work also dude puzzles
what happened in the chat now Oh someone
said well because your girlfriend the
Lance of that one for some reason very
funny Jack it's obvious that you do work
for rlm prereq works for RM weather it
likes it or not apparently well you know
kinda jack does not get an oral and
paycheck free records our own thing it's
Philly ated with our om
yeah I do not get a paycheck firm we're
all friends it doesn't matter that
everyone everyone does get really caught
up in this whole like is this our real
job what do you guys do for work thing
it's like imes fine
you know how you did this blue laser
before what's the deal here
oh it's like blue just don't move the
thermal
oh my god how do you get past the orange
oh you have to move to get password yeah
hey hey hey y'all this is up this
doesn't have anything to do with guiding
you but hey hey would you would you want
to watch a human TV show together
sometime it's called um mucus security
that's this is your call you're playing
right now
oh well oh well you are such a jerk
that's okay he's been helping you
through the puzzles been guiding you
through this deadly labyrinth you can't
have a much neater view kids he hugs
with them yeah she has she get out of
here
yeah I just I just thought I'd ask
I've guys I do remember but I think
you'd really like it you gave it a
chance
hello columns like the Coliseum rows
columns I remember jack yeah gotta be
honest what you have to be honest about
what everything oh I don't want to watch
mew mew cutie kissy yeah I guess I don't
that's a year
working column Sunnis and Jack is a
slave to our lm9 you know yes yes they
have
Oh No how do I shoot it say you know
like there are obviously there are
obviously situations where cactus you
stop to smell the flowers like there are
situations where I'd love to come and
and like do a bachelorís like the
Christmas episode the canned and
Christmas episode I just couldn't be
here because I had like other work to do
and unfortunately like that's just how
the schedule worked out
I am really upset that I miss ya you
should be it was great that's Christmas
hey yeah the smell of cobwebs fills the
air you're filled with determination
right
I'm glad Jules that you had a good time
watching me realize what counts
sometimes you just need that one thing
that one thing what was there was I was
having trouble remembering one of the
the actors in space cop she came yeah
she gave that's an unusual name and I
could not remember cheek' and I worked
with him on a couple days and I felt
really bad about not remembering his
name he's been in real things he's been
in he's a real actor and he's great and
space cop and I felt really bad and so I
was and rich just came up with a nice
simple little pneumonic device cheek'
and you remember chica because you know
what cheek a likes cheek a likes chips
she had this thing he was eating the
chips GK likes the chips and for summer
and I still remember this to this day is
just like GK likes chips you gotta you
gotta associated associate things as
like columns like the Coliseum like the
columns in the Coliseum it's like oh
that's the one thing I need now
GK likes chips columns like the Coliseum
there's this nice guy he got me a latte
once Lance got me a latte
I remember that states and capitals yeah
back in school I remember Hartford
Connecticut because Hartford heart
surgery connect the cut you make from
the heart surgery there you go Hartford
Connecticut I've never never forgot that
I forgot every other state in capital
but not that one
that's a weird one did you hear what
they said they said a human wearing a
striped shirt will come through yeah
yeah see yeah I heard they hate spiders
yeah I heard they love to stop on them I
heard they liked to care their legs off
I think these are all different spiders
saying these things they all sound the
same okay all every spider they're all
related great I'm not coming up with 80
different voices I heard oh it's her
yeah
how do I do just answer they were an
awfully sticky with their stingy with
its wrong they're awfully stingy with
that money there you go you think your
taste is too refined huh pastries don't
you dare disagree with that nation I
think your taste is exactly what the
next batch needs traps you look at that
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet
eating her curds and whey a long thing I
know that on the side
what's our strategy here oh sorry money
Oh
okay okay don't look so good
didn't look saved you my dear oh fuck
what what think peple is a better look
on you trip in a strange purple web what
don't give her any more money
or Chappell we should be proud
Oh My Jesus Christ you got this you got
this like fucker face nine Wario says I
don't know here's five dollars thanks
for keeping me entertained we do our
best
thanks man Hilario we try I think you
know you know I think it was fair to
like rich was trying with the paying or
maybe that did something I I don't think
I don't think that's the right call but
struggles muffin is so fused by your
antics that she gives you a discount
oh yeah do I do you were rich reading
game informer no I think I have a
subscription to it because you know you
get the the GameStop power of the card
or whatever so I get it I don't read it
care about Mad Magazine oh nice on it
like that kind of like games writing is
so irrelevant now because any
information it would give you has
already been on the internet a month ago
and I don't find their their stories
that interesting this is different
that's great that's great
I think I like this battle gobbledygook
says are there any reading materials in
the Arlen bathroom or have phones made
them obsolete phones have made them
obsolete yes you just have to make sure
you have a charge before you get it you
know what you know what I have in my
bathroom at home for a tablet there you
go your bathroom tablet it does not
leave the bathroom
well casually what more so more so the
tub
I've taken a hot baths since my back
went bad on me tub yeah I've read I read
the table in the tub I'd be so afraid to
get that thing near water yeah well
there you go that's kind of weird I
don't think I would probably ruin the
tenly I don't think would kill me I
could be wrong no there's fine enough
electrical discharges to kill you it's
just I'd be worried about ruining the
tablet yeah this is I don't have it I
can't afford me tonight it's just a
cheap piece of shit the ipood yeah you
get one of those cheap like Amazon fire
tablets
enough struggling is working yeah
she's reduced the proper and you offered
a lot of thing we have to keep we think
we have to pay yep despite this clap
along to the music
did you check she be yellow check with
oh oh you know Jackie usually gives you
a hint right whoa no that was a
croissant that was like a croissant oh
right it was a croissant or rings Shane
I should do a parlor excuse yourself if
she invites you to her oh if she invites
jewelry it's strange but I saw I saw
them in the shadows changing sheets
croissants
nice nice nice there's odds of Heidi's
up the web around you
oh it's lunchtime isn't it oh my feed my
pet you could eat a spider item to help
you a lot but you have none
yes sir oh so they're saying just
survive hang her slows down your attacks
but it's all just about surviving this
is like with the boss attack oh my god
right elegan and my rights telegin says
whatever new character comes next make
it sound like George Lucas that's what
he's saying I don't care what that tells
I was hoping for Peter Lorre
today actually Peter Lorre my spiders
been trumped in the ruins for
generations
yeah well hot dogs for home I wanted to
save it
nope they're real they go under the dole
snag ins fate code is impossible though
Oh apparently if you either had a spider
donut or the spider cider you could have
ended this fight immediately really yep
it's fine she just pissed at you for not
buying her shit buy my shit
okay here we go here we go here we go
I don't think we've done everything for
the pacifist run I think we might have I
don't know if it counted but I think we
killed that ghost once did we have to
restart you might have kept it simply
killed the ghost so I don't think we're
gonna get the pacifist run well I don't
that counts as a death it's a ghost I
didn't say it died oh yeah
the next voice needs to be Michael Caine
we'll get my cocaine in there
Steven ater PC hue boys managed to order
a copy of space cop before they sold out
me and my mates are looking forward to
watching it but good I'm really PS
Jackie or laugh is underrated you know
it's just a normal well it's no rich
Evans's it's no rich oh Jesus Christ
but I look for I look forward to so many
people seeing space cop huh a telegram
the spiders running the route this the
spiders in the ruins it's brought me a
sense of a Bruins what the saying of
this for you handed you were really
passionate about spiders this is all big
misunderstanding I thought you were
someone that hated spiders the personal
aspects so you must submit a different
human in a striped shirt sorry for all
the trouble to you you can come back
here anytime and for no charge at all
I'll wrap you up and let you play with
my pets again just kidding I'll spare
you now it's over despairing you
fearful self boy says hey Jack me and a
buddy rewatched all three prequels
yesterday to hurt ourselves curious when
you've seen them last the blanket
reviews here's here's how it works
yeah okay yeah yeah pheromones came out
I was excited along with everybody else
of course saw it yeah yeah and then I
saw one more time in the theater because
I had to go with Karen and I wanted to
see if it was really that bad it was
like I was in I was in a state of like
what I you know I was worried about it
because Jedi are inherently boring
characters yeah but then I saw it and it
was just much worse than I thought
you know yeah so there was the to view a
is what I was that theaters I did see it
once on video cuz I was still in a state
of disbelief I've rented it once
no oh my god must been shocked yeah
there's no way it could have been that
bad then attack of the clones at the
theater yeah I really wasn't hyped at
all I wasn't interested
right well it'll be better this time and
I'm like no you are Kara better shit I
was in denial the first no the first was
just all the expenses Matt that at all I
was I was the one saying it can't be
better
we're stuck with these characters these
characters are shit it's unsalvageable
it's already unsalvageable and i want to
see it because you almost have to and i
got in free okay
Mike Mike worked in the theatre of that
and he was you know management liked him
and they got everyone on the theatre I
got to see it like days early mm-hm they
had like a special employee screening
and I got in on that okay I wanted to
leave halfway through the movie I really
honestly I wanted to leave after like
the the forty-fifth talking on a couch
scene I I literally wanted to get up and
leave but I couldn't because I was
invited in for free at an early
screening and it would have been just
like the rudest fucking thing imaginable
it would have been so the last half of
that movie was me just like I want to go
and I couldn't leave
because everywhere I don't like the Sam
yeah episode 3 yeah I did like that
outfit natalie portman where's maybe in
that white jumpsuit yeah I did not go to
see Attack of the Clones the second time
in the theater yeah because I couldn't
stand my first viewing yep yep and I
certainly didn't get it on video or rent
it or anything hmm
and then episode three came out I had no
interest in seeing it at all not even
not even for the curiosity of seeing a
new Star Wars film
and I don't want to go I don't want to
go and Mike and J actually just showed
up at my house like uninvited they just
showed up we're gonna see episode three
I don't want to go oh we're going to see
episode three come on no I don't want to
go they basically dragged me kicking and
screaming to see episode three in the
theater I hated it yeah but God did I
laughs after Darth Vader says the last
the last part of that movie like right
up right up it took before the credits I
was in hysterics I could not stop
laughing I did not see that movie again
in the theater or in video yeah and I
did not the first two were so bad I did
not go to see the third one in the movie
theater and then I did not watch any of
them again until Mike started making the
fellated reviews and I watched some the
movies with Mike gonna take notes and
discuss things that's it so I watched
you know I watched the Phantom Menace
these heck of clones and Revenge the
sith one more time each with him and
they were really long one more times
because the whole time it's like well
let's go back to figure that out what
just happened wait let's rewash that
what what is what is he trying to do
what is puppy right under let's move on
why is he doing this I know let's go did
he say something earlier let's go back
and check yeah
and so like you know I watched it watch
them one more time age but it like took
like four hours four to five hours each
viewing but you know and then I haven't
seen them since I don't have analytical
viewing doesn't even count as a viewing
because you were dissecting yes yes yeah
no and I haven't the first two I haven't
seen since the theater and the third one
I saw what I when it came out on DVD
third one and I those are my only
viewings of them so I mean because I
know they're bad which is worse the
prequel trilogy or Adam Sandler's works
here's here's how it goes the prequel
trilogy jeez ruins something beautiful
Adam Sandler's movies were always ugly
Billy Madison is a great movie whatever
I don't care
Billy Madison I don't care good a full
movie happy Gilmore's all right Billy
Madison is a beautiful beautiful movie
yeah let's give God you know that was
fun people like to hate on the new
things that's why everyone's hating on
force awakens somebody asked me if I
really liked the force awakens yeah I
liked it I don't know that I really
really really loved it really even
really really really like it it's fun
was a good movie best Star Wars movies
destroy the Jedi yeah
the debate is as a whole is it better
than Jedi guys good
Genet parts of Jedi are like great yeah
as a whole I don't think it works
there's a lot of bad things in it
the force awakens maybe doesn't have the
same highs it doesn't have the throne
room scene it doesn't have the glory
that was Jabba's palace but as a whole I
think it's more consistently better than
Jedi was it's you know it's tough
because it's so different totally you
know like it's such a JJ Abrams movie
with the you know like with the with the
wisecracking and the and the you know
what would poke that Poe Dameron you
talk first I thought first who talks
first what's going on like that's not
that's that line right there is not
something that would exist in the
original Troy Star Wars movies that kind
of like quick-witted everybody's having
a great time that's JJ but that fight at
the end of the force awakens done latest
lightsaber fight so so much so much
better than the the soulless emotionless
ballet dances at the Preakness so much
better right to awkwardly swing in there
light swords
not like a dance all right all right
no more Star Wars sorry we got it we got
games oh look it's SpongeBob SquarePants
poster prowl or make them by the tides
of fate hmm and guess who the two
star-crossed lovers are going to be Jack
thanks for recommending the man in the
high castle binge watch it all with my
brother last night anymore show
recommendations Oh was the other one all
caps by the way I think this is your 100
human at the expanse if you if you have
the ability to watch the expanse I've
been really enjoying that so good yeah
yeah five six episodes in that's the one
where it's it's the Sapphire original
and the action is not that good and some
of the special effects are a little
cheesy but the story is good enough to
carry you through like I want to know
what happens next
expands the acting not so great
Leon Fenrir please put this five dollars
towards a plane ticket to Australia I
don't think when are you guys getting
off your American shaped couches and
coming here that's that's a lot God at
be sorry took that's but hey we'll take
that that will put it in the go to
Australia fund we got $5 my one true
love
oh do you like my pretty dress I made it
with curtains and Starshine
oh you have to sing oh my love please
run away monster king forbids your stay
humans must live far apart even if it
breaks my heart they'll put you in the
dungeon it'll suck and then you'll die a
lot really sad you're gonna die cry cry
cry so sad it's happening so sad that
you are going to the dungeon well
Turtles oh nice thank you thank you all
thank you thank you whatever shall I do
my loves has been cast away into the
dungeon hmm a dungeon with a puzzle
so dastardly my paramour will surely
perish oh heavens
have mercy the horrible colored tile
maze each colored tile has its own
sadistic function
I'm so sorry for example a green tile
sounds a noise and then you must fight a
monster red tiles
well actually wait a second didn't we
see this puzzle about 800 rooms ago
that's right you remember all the rules
don't you great
then I won't waste your time repeating
them that's fine I'm here I'm here
oh and you'd better hurry what am i
voices scream mm-hm
because if you don't get through it in
30 seconds you'll be incinerated by
these Jets of fire
ah fuck my pop pop my poor love I'm so
filled with grief I can't stop laughing
good luck my darling
it's falling down now in tears
well hometown shower tiles make them
artful if only they still know about
rules that was sorry
now let's watch oh oh I'm sorry it looks
like you're out of time oh no I know
you're already I'm trying to read the
chat - here comes the flames darling
they're closing in getting closer Oh
watch out look I'll save you I'm I'm
hacking into the firewall right now the
firewall Oh No
how could this happen boiled again by
the brilliant doctor Alfie's at least
I'm wearing my pretty dress
Lilla that's right well I come on but
better time to give up already
you'll you'll never be able to see this
not as long as we work together as a
team then watch Mew kitty cat cutie
watching I've gotten stabbed by on my
video record Asian device your puzzles
over now go home and leave us both long
paws oh oh oh oh darling are you
talking about did you forget what the
green child you they make a sound then
you have to fight a monster
well darling that monster is me taking
off the dress gonna fucking bitches turn
about the best knob what okay wait we
have a couple tips seriously come to
Australia it's not that bad says uh
subscribes to hack frauds I would love
to come to Australia I've never been to
Australia I would love to come to
Australia we got two more dollars in the
come to Australia fund that's seven
dollars in the comfort of Australia far
right just two thousand five hundred
more like that and we'll be in Australia
and we can have a one-way ticket to
Australia what's a year and then let's
see here uh anonymous says hey guys have
you heard about the full-time streamers
taking speed to stay awake during 24 and
48 hour stream of phones would this be
something you guys would be into I can
send stuff to the rlm pioppi no no I can
do a long stream I'll be tired but I'm
not taking speed no no I would never I
would never take even in my drug days I
would not take speed this is it darling
goodbye
is that your phone
you better answer it hey this is bad
don't worry
there's one last leg I installed on your
phone you see that yellow button go go
to those phones embed you and press it
yes Gruff McNeal turn me on speed would
be very scary we you know we'll do we'll
try we'll see if we can think of a good
thing to stream for 24 hours straight
everything I'll just stay awake for 24
hours no the great how these get a bunch
of coffee No
proceed yeah why this is how we do this
what do you mean like why can't you
figure out a way to run away listen to
normal attack I think this is something
different
you've defeated me how can this be you
were stronger than I thought
excetera he walks away goodbye
uh-oh it looks like you beat him you you
did a really great job out there all
thanks to you oh oh oh all the way wait
I have a theory
yep Alfie's created talk about five
thousand yeah so he would have to help
you defeat him so you would fall in love
with him okay that's my theory so I okay
which it doesn't change the fact that we
have an option here yeah well this is
what I'm saying
he's like so Alfie's wants you to say
all thanks to you so you know to be like
oh you're my hero Alfie's I'm gonna be
nice this time it was mean last time you
really want to go mean huh we're not a
jerk we're not playing this like a jerk
I'm sorry I don't think they're gonna
okay I think it's been a fine
great I think it's good to find Emory it
you
she installed the robot defeating phone
app whether or not innocent until proven
guilty Jack you live in America don't
you aren't you an American I do don't
you believe in our values you know what
but I've been watching making a murderer
now oh fuck man
it's so fucked up they're like a
documentary style thing or is it a
fiction thing it's a documentary style
thing and then I'm gonna watch it oh you
need to watch it it's amazing and it
will make you like scared for every
police officer for every police officer
Dov every police oh yeah it's amazing
the police officers make the murder is
it what is it about specifically it's
about Steven Avery who's a guy from
Manitowoc so some a specific traits one
specific story about how he was quite
probably framed for rape and assault and
then after he tried to sue the Manitowoc
police department was then possibly
framed for murder really yes this is
like a real story and it's scary as hell
huh like bait is a real-world story and
this is just like retelling using old
news footage and interviews and stuff
okay it is scary as shit
wait Emory 8:01 here's eight dollars for
the come to New Jersey fund my creepy
basement has plenty of room okay well
there we go a dog Oh wha
oh well I I mean uh you were the one
doing everything cool III just wrote
some stuff like programs for your phone
hey hey yeah this might sound strange
but can I tell you something but before
I met you I I didn't really I didn't
really like what's a little very much
for a long time but I felt like a total
screwup like like I couldn't do anything
with without uh without Eddie got plenty
again for without but but but but
guiding you has made me feel a lot a lot
better about myself
so thank you for for letting me help you
that's very kind of you to do anyway
we're we're almost to the needy car is
it's just best empty
resort go bad let's finish this the real
the real gun says his innocent isn't
really about what the reason what the
doc is about is about how fucked up the
US justice system and I agree with that
the whole thing is it's just all fucked
up just kinda like surfer dude hey do
you again business is excellent here
these two fellas bought all my ice cream
I've actually as sold out of everything
amigo
sorry oh wait there Kemosabe
I'd still got a something for you a big
ol smile about that hey baby
and this kind of told you okay tell me
hey we like taking a rain check on that
killing you do like don't care you got
about me okay hey
Moki b85 says here's two more dollars
for the company I am filled with
determination
nine dollars we have nine dollars for
the come to Australia fun
we're only four thousand nine hundred
and ninety one dollars away just to
making our dreams turn into reality
alright let's see three PL away to the
right for some great deals and then we
have sands it's not to say area I heard
you're going to of the core how about
grabbing some dinner with me first
yeah evening darling Sam's yeah sure
Sam's is always an outstanding all right
thanks for treating me Sam's over here I
know a shortcut
alright well here we are
your journey is almost over
you must really want to go home I know
the feeling
what Oh No maybe sometimes it's just
better to take what's given to you down
here you've already got food there's
what you have to do really worth it let
me tell y'all starring before the story
the real Fionna says here's two dollars
for they come to a Claire Wisconsin fund
now that's that's as more ado let's
puzzle more duels possible to about two
bucks
question so I am a century and Snowden
forest right I said all there watch for
him it's kind of boy
fortunately deep in the forest there's
this huge lock door and that's perfect
for practicing knock-knock jokes
so one day I'm not going about like
usual I knock on the door and say knock
knock and suddenly from the other side I
hear a woman's voice who is there
so naturally I respond dishes dishes who
dishes a very bad joke
go to Wawa then she just howls wet
laughter or pain one of the hose gets
the best joke she's heard a hundred
years so I think I'm coming and she
keeps laughing she's the best audience
I've ever had then after a dozen of them
she knocks and says what does she say
jack
what does she say on the tip that we
just got we got a couple
yeah we got a graphic military says
here's two big ones to add to the Miami
connection fund come down and see us for
the dragon sound concert that will never
happen
thanks gruff so now work through $11
okay
mister sister Pfister just sent us a tip
and say Brenau saber mao the spirit of
1776 so if you go overseas you bring
America with you also Jack should share
some of his overwatch hype with rich so
you can play simultaneously on the same
team when it gets here rich does not
like our mine only multiplayer shooters
so I don't know if I can share my hype
with them but it you know what rich is
sharing his XCOM to hike with me so I
think there's gonna be a little bag
Thank You saver mouths okay I say who's
there old lady old lady who oh I did not
know you could yodel
Wow
needle needless to say you don't need us
to say this woman was extremely good
wake up telling each other jokes for
hours eventually I had to leave a Pyrus
gets kind of cranky without his bedtime
story but she told me to come by again
and so I did then I did again and again
if you know what I mean I kept coming
she kept letting me come back it's a
thing now my thing I made a baby she had
a baby because I kept fucking her in the
door in the florist you through the door
as a whole I read a hole by repeatedly
banging at the door with my god that's a
cock shaped hole which is basically just
like a whole but Sanz is having a really
beautiful moment here making a big joke
I know okay great I know it's all I got
cuz I'm not creative enough to get
creative jokes okay telling bad jokes
through the door and by bad jokes I mean
savage fucking just savage
and rolls one day though I noticed she
wasn't wearing any panties she wasn't
laughing very much I asked her what was
up
the answer was my god so I kept fucking
my a sir what was up then she told me
something strange if a human ever comes
through this door could you please
please promise something watch over them
and protect them well you not now I hate
making promises and this woman I don't
even know her name but someone who
sincerely likes bad jokes has an
integrity you can't say no to solve or
not says here's five dollars for the
come to Denver fine these are all
separate funds these are all separate
funds you guys need to consolidate or
else we're never gonna reach our goals
and we don't consolidate I'm sorry also
do you have an email address which I can
send you steam gifts yes prereq at red
letter media dot-com PR e
ruc at red letter media comm do you get
what I'm saying I love your sans voice
so much that promise I made her
you know what would have happened if she
hadn't said anything buddy bow friend
dad where you stand
she just got real hey lighten up Paco
I'm just joking with you besides haven't
I done a great job protecting you and
Irene
look at yourself you haven't died a
single time
hey what's that look supposed to mean
now am I wrong how many times did you
die playing this fucking game oh my god
I did a horrible job of protecting you
no snake in the garden I checked with
the Australians I checked with the
Australians they agreed to the visit
Ireland fund could get could get all
their dunno let's see here we have $20
for the come to north California fund oh
this sounds like a nice one right
actually picnic Oh see the redwoods from
gobbledygook s-- helpful tip in lake
tahoe dead hookers don't float to the
surface
oh and also we should check out DC
Universe Online from the ps4 it's fine
you fucks
and we have two extra dollars for $20
gobbledygook scan run that joke into the
ground we have two extra dollars just
for the prereq World Tour fun general
two dollars in the slush fund and you
subscribe to act front okay okay how's
it well that's all take care of yourself
kid okay someone really cares about you
some cow lady who I keep fucking I don't
think neither I think the way to ban the
door was it like our real mother now you
don't think that was the cold lady for
the beginning I don't think that was the
cow lady for me I think it's gonna be
good okay I guess I could um let's see
here we have two extra dollars for the
before they come while yelling to
Australia Fund so now we have thirteen
dollars in the come while yelling oh my
God look at this creepy guy Oh
thinking back here I realize they forgot
to make a reservation but they didn't
want to look like a mess table so I kept
walking me me anyway now I'm just kind
of consuming doing off these viscous but
like Vegas no I like Fisk is better
you're right
oh it's Hellboy little wind-up mazes
with puzzles in order to foil humor
attacks what our Billington's winding
and confusing some awful tradition has
old two feet without being up your
armpit comedian I'm very funny people
gonna laugh at my jokes but release they
line up on your jokes at first and then
then they all turn against you it's not
very fun when people do that simple just
people just don't understand what I'm
trying the same with with my jokes I
have a vision I keep changing my
punchline that's because you know that's
the way I originally wanted the
punchline to be that way but some other
comedians have have taken my jokes and
they're bad they're basically white
slavers just taking my jokes and abusing
them some people say they tell them
better but I think I think they're
they're they're they're just as bad as
white slavers no my son he when he wants
to be a comedian like this was thought
huh
that's nice this guy is supposed to be
some kind of like Bronx first yeah
Boston person I guess but was this fun
of an old no it's family so haters gonna
be George's father but it's jokes well
huh well not very funny not like not
like my jokes I told much better jokes
than my son
well nobody laughs but they just don't
get my jokes like I do know I make small
personal jokes in my garage
I sold all my good jokes for four
billion dollars and then they wouldn't
let me tell them anymore I don't know
why they stopped letting me tell my own
jokes and they paid four million dollars
for my jokes
it's weird I figure they're still my
jokes really they just gave me money and
I'm gonna take that money he told them
these awful puns
it's kind of an aversion tomorrow to our
family well it's not very funny
his mother passed on he says his mother
Rob divorced me after sleeping with a
friend of mine and and ruining my my
view of love and marriage and human
emotion well he couldn't stand living at
home she was really talented especially
Joe she had heard all my jokes
some people think she made the butter I
think you've ruined my original vision
not not convinced that she made the bone
I got rich now he helps me with my jokes
he loves all of my jokes yeah Mitch
McCallum Mitch Burke Helena sense I'm a
terrible I'm gonna have to edit that
punch line we good where's my queer CGI
team can we we put some some cartoon
animals into that punch line never make
it my fault
make them make them move around the wop
and Stan how I suppose everything else
in the punch line I'll have you fall
down my behind baby fall down some think
that's a funnier joke and we've ever had
before
yeah get out of here