Episode 492
XCOM on my face (part 1)
April 1, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpwyg0SbW90
___________________________________________

rich I don't know how to play that you
son of a bitch
hi everybody welcome welcome to super
awesome Super Bowl Sunday we're here
we're here to play it's all happening
rich left me though just you just left
me and so now I'm just here the
previously recorded XCOM halftime show
better be fucking good I paid scalper
big money for these tickets I'm sorry
welcome to the superb owl stream we're
very excited to play XCOM 2 I've played
it a little bit rich hasn't played it at
all yet rich in instead of playing XCOM
2 he had a day off yesterday and he said
he was gonna play XCOM 2 you know so he
could you know experience it himself
before the stream instead of doing that
he played more Dragon's Dogma
oh man look now our green screen is all
effed up again we had this green screen
perfectly set up and then because rich
ran out of the room it's all messed up
now hold on I'm gonna fix that
okay I fixed it Richie Rich is here
he just left he said he's like we're
gonna start streaming now and I said
okay and it goes okay ready go and then
he ran out of the room so I'm just here
now
by myself I'm not gonna play XCOM 2
because I am an embarrassment I'm an
embarrassment to the resistance to the
whatever we are in this game what's up
[Music]
everything's fine okay
what happened at the very last minute I
realized I needed to go get a soda and
I'm gonna turn up the heat and use the
restroom just right where I started the
stream I remembered all of these things
I needed to do okay before we go before
we start already forever well I did do
quite well playing Helldivers after a
while I my I did extremely well after a
while yeah that first dream was
literally my first hour with the game
yeah that second stream was a little bit
better it was and then I became a
complete Helldivers badass have that
here's here's an indicator if anyone has
played X come to yet here's an indicator
of my level of XCOM I'm playing on
rookie because I am a rookie and I died
on the second mission after you know
there's a little tutorial mission and
then on the second real mission all of
my squad got killed and I just restarted
the save that's how that's how bad at
tactics Iams extremely bad it's
extremely bad well I don't know I don't
know maybe X come to is different maybe
ex-con to will kick my ass I'm Ricky
I'm not a big strategy person that's all
let's turn the game you could have
turned the game on at least so they
could hear the game audio but I'm not a
big strategy person yeah I'm more of a
you know fly from the hip try to try to
you know dodge my way around and I'm
more of a spider-man well you do that
slowly I'm a spider-man
you can dodge your way around slowly is
it pause between each dodge there you go
there you go Jack I'll get it I'll get
you know what it took me a while to get
FTL to yeah but I will get there I will
get in the mind space of X come to it's
just gonna take me a while and so I'm
hoping that rich shares with us today
some of his immense tactical knowledge
well I don't know I don't know how much
this is gonna come into play an ex-con
to I don't know how different this is
going to be III I have not gone out of
my way to absorb every bit of
information that's out there okay I just
I was gonna let it come to me when it's
done
yep good why why hype myself up for
nothing that's right steel four five six
you put it very correctly I am more of
the act now think later kind of guy I
don't think that was a compliment huh I
think that was a compliment
no I don't think it was a compliment I
also think it's very accurate I usually
think about things after I do them but
while I'm doing stuff I'm I'm I'm just
full steam ahead so how's everybody
doing today what's going on today rich
anything anything interesting going on
today here's a funny story here's a
funny story about rich guy text rich
this afternoon like I always do on
streaming days and I said hey you know
I'll probably come and get you around
5:00 we'll start around 6:00 and he's
like ok that sounds good and I came to
get him and as we're driving to the
studio I'm like oh you know what I'm
really happy about today rich I'm really
happy about all of the police presence
that I've seen on the streets I've seen
a lot of police officers out on the
street and I think that's really good
for today and rich goes what are you
talking about I was the big police Oh
what's going on I think please place
that today and I said oh you know
they're probably making sure that for
drunk drivers cuz today's Super Bowl
Sunday and they don't want people out
drinking and driving and my response was
the sue
today I had no fucking idea no fucking
idea so here we are having our XCOM
stream yep on Superbowl Sunday during
the fuckin Super Bowl I believe the
Super Bowl is happening right this very
moment Oh rich can you tell me who's
playing in the Super Bowl no no no yeah
the Broncos I think and somebody no no
because the Broncos they beat the
Patriots of New England right right oh
oh and you might be noticing we think
we're having some video issues rich
usually because usually we have all the
lights on in here you know so you can
see as clearly you might also notice
that there might be some weird green
screen stuff rich wants to play it with
mood lighting he wants to make sure that
he absorbed XCOM - with all I could not
do X come - under those harsh
fluorescent lighting conditions I would
I refused oh I really like these how we
have these lights and I think it's okay
but I think that's making the web I
think that's making the webcam that we
use act a little wonky so it might look
like we're a little laggy but everything
should be fine um shinty 999 says I
still remember that stream when you guys
said hunker down about 375 times I'm
going to get to actually playing it
shortly is one other thing a lot of
second there's one other thing we're
gonna talk a chat for a little bit
before
XCOM came out yesterday right XM 2 came
out Friday is Sunday this is gonna be
the first time I've actually played it I
didn't play it yesterday I was telling
them that before you how you're telling
them love you got you wanna you didn't
want to stream your first playthrough
this fucking but as far as my not
playing it yesterday uh-huh
it was like I was in the middle of
Dragon's Dogma and I was like mine is my
day off
mmm yesterday we'd done a lot of filming
and shipping yeah but not lately
damn and it's like ex-con - is out
I put I'm in the mood for Dragon's Dogma
that should tell you a lot about the
ocher RPG that could it's really weird
because I I know intellectually that
XCOM to all XCOM has to do if it's if
it's as good as XCOM 1 or god forbid
better god if it's if it's one of those
two things this is gonna be one of my
like like top 5 favorite games of all
time sure this one to top maybe the best
maybe the top I never I never I never
ranked my favorite games right but XCOM
would be up there ok
so you'd think I'd be chomping at the
bit yeah oh my god good do it I'll get
to it just felt like a little more
Dragon's Dogma you know dragon dog
laughs ok that's gonna go away soon I'm
gonna forget about it yeah and XCOM will
be forever you heard it here first folks
XCOM will be forever if we've learned
anything it's that I am a patient man
alright I'm gonna start this game
that is the first time I've seen
anything um new game load game
multiplayer options character pool an
exit to desktop now character pool is
new to me I don't know a character boys
do you do you actually add characters
before you start the game no you know
when you make your characters there is a
little option to add two character pool
Oh import characters click on that
button see what happens I was I get
really excited for a second when I saw
import characters because I assumed it
meant import them from X come one huh
oh I think and that would have been
great I think it's an easy way to share
characters that you've created
ah for a second I thought I was gonna
get two important X come one characters
that would have been awesome
that would have been fucking awesome
Shaddam friday Shaddam a friday says hey
dudes it's midnight here in the UK and
dammit I have to work tomorrow
any news on doing a year
centric streams in the any anytime in
the near future and go fuck yourself
well if I do the Super Bowl was today it
would have been today the Super Bowl has
no impact on my life and so I just
assumed this was another this was
another like Sunday this is another
Sunday for me that's all it is they can
only pray that most of our normal normal
fans don't give a shit about the sports
ball sports that's all I could do sports
ball it's today is just another day
everybody I'm gonna you know what it is
soon we will do it soon is what I'm
gonna say I'm gonna look at Wednesday
actually no commander difficulty really
to start off yeah fuck fucking rich
Evans it not Wednesday maybe next Sunday
what's happened to next Sunday I don't I
don't play regular rocks calm and
anything under commander
well classic is what they call it see
they change the name which is weird
maybe next Wednesday up you know what
let's tentatively sure it says legend a
longer game with no margin for error
only significant challenge for
experience XCOM 2 players only you
haven't even played next time - fuck it
fuck it you know what here's what I'm
gonna say for you
I always like a thin man fuck you
[Music]
position you were right
State Treasurer sixty Seconds
now
what is your problem what is your
problem
nothing and why would I be playing
watching Super Bowl when I could do this
right you know oh no and I like I'm my
problem is I mean I know how much you
want to watch this and like the jackass
in me is just like Oh poke the bear look
at that bears having a great time I
would just poke the bear that's like a
little bit like V which is a good thing
I fucking love V classic V no don't know
much about new V right alright move here
and I and you know what I've already
played this so I've already seen the
cutscene so how often do you see I'm
gonna watch the cutscene every time I
play the game yeah yeah okay how often
do you see me smile how often does that
happen
genuinely smile yeah genuinely smile no
no it doesn't it doesn't don't shit my
braid Jack never know I got shit on my
parade I remained quiet during that
whole cutscene you're welcome you're
very welcome I remained quiet during
that whole cutscene you did very good
yes I know and it's neat you know like
of a story wise into the game it's I I
can only imagine like like Richard
stated before you know it's it's gotta
be tough if you won XCOM won you know
it's like well you didn't you didn't win
it
oh I wonder if this is different because
you're playing on a harder difficulty
when you play on a lighter difficulty
you have um stealth maybe they haven't
gotten to that part yet
oh rich is there where you can pause and
turn on subtitles why'd you keep it over
by you hit escape yes we can do that
sorry for not having subtitles on you
are right chat thingy yep oh yeah from
earlier kay is 87 says I can't believe
you guys spent another 100 hours off
stream finishing the witness and all its
alternate solutions so you could get the
secret ending number 2 really appreciate
you guys uploading it hopefully everyone
enjoyed that yeah that's part of hard
work we've been doing lately
absolutely absolutely
Jack Jack was playing the game he
noticed that a puzzle had like a weird
alternate solution oh my god well you
know we are playing the game and you
Dwemer Metal Gear thank you for that tip
we really do appreciate that have
subscribed this year but have been
watching since Space Station since uh
space game station please consider this
my back taxes love you guys
watching your videos has helped me a lot
through hard times well thank you Dwyer
Metal Gear and Sean also says the real
question is why is anyone watching the
Superbowl when they could be watching
this the stream is even better than
getting a cute picture of biscuit just a
little bit better thank you so you were
saying what we're talking to you well
you know you you you you you some like
cryptic reference in the game it's like
a specific monitor that they used to
make like like seven years ago yeah they
stopped manufacturing and and I you know
you thought maybe you should play the
game with that matter I thought you're
you're just nuts but you track the down
or Ebay that that special monitor
and then you're playing the game then
you realized one slight hit that monitor
or a certain way you saw a different
pattern in some of the puzzles in the
game if you use the old the old CRT
monitors the tube type monitors it
actually registers RGB values the red
green blue values at different levels
and so if you position an old tube
monitor just right you can see all of
the alternate puzzles for the witness
and that's how we got that second secret
ending amazing it's amazing the depth of
that game the depth of it ok save and
exit actually one of our graphics
options here hi all hi hi depth of field
bokeh Oh
bouquet bouquet depth of field boo boo
cat I'm assuming that's good yes that's
a good or just say good or bad game
that's a really shake good or bad depth
of field that that's like yes that's a
very shallow depth of field okay that'll
make things in the background to look
very blurry things in the foreground
look very crisp okay it's a photography
term not to be confused with bukkake
which is not a photo I guess it's a
photography term this is what
concealment is this new or random okay
actually those equations start with a
squad and concealment use concealment
set up ambushes any of your soldiers are
spotted all of your soldiers lose the
benefits of concealment huh
okay yeah hey guys just subbed for the
first time says two bad cats long time
our LM fan my fiance has been
binge-watching the best of the worst
sounds like a hell of a fiance out
slightly that too bad cats that's a
keeper right there
yesterday she called out rich Evans his
name during sex should I be worried no
that's no natural response it's in
listening to rich Evans it can't be
helped you should can't be helped they
can't help it you should be grateful
that all she did was call out his name
and some percentage of men straight men
mm-hmm I don't get it it's you you have
your pheromones about your pheromones
they go through the screen I have never
cheated so I think you're safe
go now gobbledygook hey guys there's
another game that starts off with an
alien invasion it's a little-known title
on the ps4 called DC Universe Online and
it's free you fucks no I see that
and it's very funny it's very it's very
very funny and I approve and I hope this
just turns into a thing god with a
goatee appreciate your running game and
we appreciate all of you guys I'm glad
that you're spending some time with us
on Super Bowl Sunday I know I don't I
just don't care about football I don't
understand it so hopefully we'll have
some fun well place Mexichem too once we
get into the meat of it so once you go
into that red area that's when that's
wants me to hit Enter though or press
ENTER to shoot or which I'm pressing the
mouse button it's not letting me well
you have to go down and press them I
guess you have to do it on the phone
down there like I mean look I don't know
what they've changed so apparently they
haven't changed it
no it doesn't help I need to remember to
bring my special mouse so I can set up
my quick keys yes the way I would like
them yes yes normally normally fire is
my thumb yeah hits that one button mmm
gotcha
leftover beefcake the witness video was
brilliant now can we get Jack or rich to
strap a GoPro to their heads
so we could have a first-person view of
best of the worst
oh nice you'd be very bored but yeah we
could do that I'm glad I'm I'm glad you
guys like that witness but you know like
its it's not witness footage it's it's
game play Game Capture that's the thing
about the witness video we just captured
that right from the game anonymous says
watched your Dragon's Dogma review glad
you liked it too how far did you get
into this story I think it gets pretty
good and unique halfway through
did you go to bitter black island it's a
bit dark Souls issue I spent a little
time on bitter black island and had some
fun there it was good combat but you
know I got a little repetitive how far
was story wise have you made it into
Dragon's Dogma um about to meet the Duke
but I've really just I've enjoyed
exploring the world and doing side quest
so and I've haven't paid any attention
to the story I've just been wandering
about so because I don't care about the
story do we not have grenades I think
not for the tutorial now all right well
I guess I have to take a look sure
stupid shot yeah I think this is all pre
canned stuff yeah I'm getting such a V
vibe from this and that is not a bad
thing at all mmm-hmm you've talked about
V before in relation to what I don't
remember a good quality science fiction
that could be that's underappreciated
that could be that could be
Oh No Ana Ramirez was killed and I
couldn't do anything about it cuz it's
the do toriel watch your flanks rich and
it says the Cora according to them you
are not very far in the story at all for
drag you know he's rich has really been
doing all the side and he hasn't been a
concern I like enjoy walking around I do
in fighting monster that is the meat of
that game just don't pay any attention
to sir just walk around find places I
found I found a cyclops fighting pit
have you found that yet no not the funny
pit and fuck fuck ton of cyclopses
though it's a group of goblins running a
Cyclops fighting pit it's great
I've actually restarted a couple times
because I wanted to remake my pawn ok
spec it differently yeah like this sure
[Music]
Ana Ramirez equals Earth's greatest hero
central reporting in looks like he's
wearing eyeliner did you know about
hybrids or was that not a school look at
it
well maybe it's strategical eyeliner
whoa
keep your eyes peeled fire on anything
that moves
over watch
I heard you guys like XM rich really
likes XM I think rich is only a couple
hours away to being a thousand hours and
XCOM according to actually according to
one of your steam friends I think you
have like seven hours I'm not at all
shocked right I'm not at all shocked yes
the angle I know I'm kind of like oh my
[Music]
okay that's neat rich did you know that
there's an item that you can buy that
lets you change the appearance of your
pawn at any time uh not so you get to
the new game+ and I didn't know that at
the time wasn't just the appearance it
was like the specs sure sure Oh tiny
Birds tiny Birds
I was leveling up a fighter mmm and then
I decided you know what I'm gonna I'd
rather do ranged so that wasn't that far
into the game at that point
sure said I'm up with a ranged arrange
journal and then I noticed everybody's
fucking pawn online was a female mm-hmm
and I figured fuck it for variety I'm
gonna remake it again I'm just gonna
make some big Viking dude even even if
the the like fighter pawns aren't this
may be as effective sure
or is versatile I don't know the word
I'm looking for is I really liked my I
had a big dumb male pawn too and he was
a fighter and I loved it because I was
arranged and so I would pop arrows from
back and then my fighter would take care
of it it worked out really fantastic
young sister toriel its tutorial yeah
you're gonna be flanked are you are you
stupid
hey Jack and Rich Deadpool is getting
good reviews I honestly believed it
would be awful I've heard good things
about Deadpool I have I know they
released the embargo ridiculously early
the embargo is lifted already which
probably means that they thought it was
good enough to let people start talking
about it now I'm excited I'm trying not
to get too excited because I like
Deadpool as a character this is new
hacks yeah you can hack the door
I like Deadpool and so I'm hoping it's
good I'm trying not to get - I'm trying
not to get my hopes up is I guess my
point that worked out pretty good for me
with Star Wars I tried to play it
neutral play it even and I was I was I
was exceeding expectations were exceeded
and so I'm going Samer with Deadpool
middling expectations
[Music]
we're getting cutscene e we can't talk
too much right now
[Music]
I actually liked that bit that's a nice
character but we can have great we can
if we rewire the access panel we can the
fuck it assuming this guy is the new
Bradford who's Bradford the military guy
on the base who didn't really go on
missions ah
all right you'll see rich have you
thought your thoughts about the new
heavier thoughts about the new doom
changed as new info has been released
such the game as being more colorful now
the new trailer looks very do like and
awesome I would have to actually see
this new info I'm completely unfamiliar
with any new info that's come out so we
will at very least when when new doom
comes out we will add very least be
strip oh yeah it's very least I'm
checking it out yeah we're so we will
play it don't hate chat rich don't like
a chat song a chat yep chat rich is
playing this for the first time don't
let him let him experience this story
just this guy no wants to let us know
that Dragon's Dogma review was great I
hated it
the game I assume but did spend like an
hour beating the ever-loving shit out of
NPCs did you get Thoris I think I mailed
it to the prereq at rlm it's fucking
brutal yeah oh I think we did get that I
think we did get that thank you that's
the game I think that you said that rich
would really like turn-based tactical
stuff like that I don't know when we're
gonna get to it but I believe we did get
it I slowed down cuz he's carrying the
guy yep so I can end up being the
volunteer from the last game something
weird who's that I don't know where the
volunteer is you'll see
we need an immediate evac get us out of
here
oh you place your own evac zone yeah
yeah I know that's different okay press
yeah
P okay okay that was teamwork you just
saw a little bit of teamwork actually I
clicked another thing yeah I think I did
oh no I press P
go go to the thing you know they have
its story the score is playing you have
to hit that no hurricane we haven't
gotten to that part of the story yet our
jerks actually trying to spoil
XCOM - for me no no you'll see in a
second they're just confused about where
we are in the story we just started the
story well but they like they just got
in and so they're yeah it's fine
everything's fine rich just don't look
at me chat
[Music]
what what
everything looks neat I do believe that
thing had something that could have
resembled tits yeah
let's get on with it
just like 20 years ago
no idea what was coming from the
cerebral cortex prepping for cranial
intrusion
I've managed to identify the connection
preparing to make final incision these
readings are getting really erratic of
course they are these implants were
never designed to be removed we are
risking severe no plan B here people do
it
stabilizing the guy who that was yeah he
looks nothing like
wait commander no commanders now
preferred where commander did the best I
could
that's Bradford right there otherwise
I'd go see dr. tagging when you're ready
there's some things you should know
yeah they show a little cutback of that
make you feel a little little nostalgic
right there it's supposed to be Bradford
not only does he look entirely different
it's not the same voice is it they they
have that little flashback of Bradford
in front of the big globe thing and I
think that's supposed to be him
that's that's what I assumed and I think
that's what most of the chat assumed as
well
that's what I assumed when I played it
this weekend was the chat sing he's even
wearing a tactical sweater it's
obviously Bradford it's a different
voice actors been 20 years your face
doesn't change entirely no but you know
he's been going through a hard war he's
lost weight he's an older I think that's
Bradford Jack is right
rich it's absolutely Bradford for once
Jack is right right
it is Bradford but it's true he looks
different character models changed
especially Bradford in charge and
everything went to help which classic
Bradford classic Bradford we want to
capture that enemy alive you're crazy
ducting I see absolutely no military
benefit in that action I was a judge the
tutorial mission almost everybody died
plastic Bradford
I would already know the precise nature
of its function
however given time and your approval of
course commander I assure you I will
find out which brings to light an
additional point though aspects of this
facility are indeed impressive I am but
one man for you to direct additional
support personnel and resources to me I
could substantially improve the speed of
all research so I assume this is very
similar to XCOM one where it's just like
this is part of the base building thing
right like he's basically just setting
up like I need you to allocate resources
to me and then you'll go to the next
person and I need you to allocate
resources to me you have to make these
decisions yeah and the black guy wasn't
the first one to die the lady was the
first one to die this isn't a horror
movie it's a sci-fi
I don't need ya zoom in on this stuff
that's not what the game wants you to go
yet all right
what is room in on things I figured
maybe this like a quick zoom oh wait is
this actually in the old base are they
morons are they fucking morons
so yeah you are spoiler alert you are
the same commander from XCOM 1 which is
where I never know it can't be this is
definitely not underground and you've
been captured by the aliens maybe or
something and you had to get a chip in
your head you had a chip in your head
why we don't know whatever
commander compared ly a caret character
come on commander commander no you know
what you've opened up my eyes well
playing Dragon's Dogma I'm talking to
you about Dragon's Dogma you've opened
up my eyes a lot about like you filling
in a lot of blanks and some yeah you
know yeah I think that's a good thing
like so here in the commander you're
supposed to bring your own recommender
story to it all commander looks like
Whoopi Goldberg is slinging drinks
having a good old time hey hey
Guinan all right let's go where they
want me to go yes all right next calm
though so weird well so with the sword
people and you'll learn this later
if you run into an enemy while moving
she'll slash him with the sword yep
which is kind of badass attack an enemy
within movement range of your sword is
kind of badass I know you like your Ford
telegin I like my shotgun you like
thorns another game a next kind of like
shot yes yes I don't want to sword
somebody in the face and XCOM I want to
shotgun them in the face
telegin says you should have a special
prereq where you make mike and jay
review a game i guess or whatever also
since you reviewed Dragon's Dogma you
should really review an Elder Scrolls
game here's the thing for the Elder
Scrolls yeah one of the reasons remember
the major reason I was never to its
first-person perspective right yes it's
also melee focused right because swords
and fantasy I know nothing about it I
don't want a melee from the first-person
perspective it just seems awful I mean I
assume there's magics I hate I hate
mages I always hate them every time I've
ever played a game where it was an
option for a mage class I've avoided it
like the plague okay yeah we could start
up a we could start up a Mike and J try
to play they'll never go for it Mike NJ
try to play game and it will just time
them and see how long they last before
before they say it's done so I have to
go on the mission before they let me do
the character editor well that's nice
yes you do that's nice Caesar well these
are the random E's they don't let you
change the characters first play with
the normies Skyrim can't be played in
3rd yeah Michael won't show up that
that'll be it will tell J and Mike like
just show up for it you know and play
this game for as long as you feel like
like you want to and then Michael just
never show up and J will play for 5
minutes not I'll be every episode yeah
so probably not gonna happen we'll see
see what we can do but probably not I'm
gonna go uh yeah and we're gonna get
some water
oh my god all right I'm going to assume
with the stealth they they have those
red tiles when you are seen right you
can't step on the red tiles and step on
the red tiles and any time you shoot
someone you're seeing obvious so I'm
gonna assume I'm actually safe - - in
this iteration of ex-con maybe I don't
know I'm making that assumption I I
don't know if I did - during this
mission if I'm wrong well then games
should have taught me better yeah agreed
I didn't I did make it through this
mission on my first try obviously it's
the first mission yeah it's very simple
but just to let everyone know even even
silly old me could make it through this
this whole mission is that as much as
you played incidentally what that well I
guess so I made it through this mission
and then I started customizing my
characters and I spent a lot of time
customizing my characters and then I did
the second mission and everyone died oh
well apparently I don't understand the
concealment right then you must have run
into a red square
you must have well that blows
I'm sorry I'm sorry rich yeah and
they're just they're are they're saying
right now don't - you could run into a
patrol what's what good's a stealth yeah
you know a chance to to position all
your people
where's the button to go to the next
soldier hmm why isn't that at the bottom
of the screen work should be I don't I
don't know oh my why old my way so
British it's a very British the the red
tiles only appear when you already see
enemies okay I need to see the enemies
first and then you can see where the red
tiles all right this is these are good
things to learn well I feel like a boob
it's not I don't think it's my fault
ah wait I'm being dumb no I - sure I'm
big exactly as smart as I thought I was
being what setting or theme would you
choose for a blood-borne - I'd love a
I'd love a more a more steampunk II era
I'd love some more Giri type weapons
that did not destroy his cover well why
would the tree glow right if it's not
gonna destroy the cover fuck you
shit
who oh wow then come for something you
got over something right that's
something is Jack shit
[Laughter]
I saw some I saw someone make up some
over on the blood-borne subreddit
someone was pimping out their own
concepts for new weapons and for
blood-borne - obviously they're not
official or anything but there were some
really neat ones in there
one one was called the rainbow gun one
was called like the dentist's drill and
it was like a drill sword that looked
really cool anything they want to do
with blood-borne they do they do what
they do I'm in it I'm in a hundred
percent they they now officially no no
no fuck this is going badly
I'm so sorry rich move the wrong fuckin
square you sorry you son of a bitch at
your time son of a bitch one from behind
good cover it out the fucking open you
dumb ass filmmaker freak says what's the
ETA and the next best of the worst I
found this show a few months ago and
watched all of them in a few weeks I
need more we just filmed one a little
bit ago I think you're gonna make that
challenge what
you can do it
part of one of the reasons we couldn't
do a makeup stream last week we were we
were filming one of those I love that
guy I love what a nerd that guy is she
always that guy no I I didn't get that
guy I got it I got three other random
squaddies you got a guy with the glasses
on a receding hairline and he wasn't
hurt there a way to put yourself out of
fire or she's just gonna die because
she's on fire um that's a good question
that's a good question
jack is that a large coffee what time it
is it is a large coffee it's almost
seven o'clock but I need coffee to live
so if you want me to be awake during
this dream I'm going to drink my large
coffee water large coffee into water
what
but they do post there and there is a
drop-down for pre reckon yeah no I mean
pre req is part of red letter mu what
are you guys talking about
it's the red-headed stepchild we're the
red-headed stepchild we are we are
presented by red letter media what red
letter media presents previously
recorded we're gonna hunker down and
hopefully that will that will put fire
out I don't know maybe I could but no I
mean we've talked about this I see a
couple of you talking about this I've
talked about this a lot of times I do
not earn a paycheck from red letter
media you know they don't pay me to be
on best of the worst or anything rich
and I make money off of prereq a via
Slee with your donations and your tips
and your subscriptions and red letter
media and prereq split the YouTube ad
money that's great and so that's how we
kind of pay our pay for our way here and
but but no I just hang out I'm just here
to hang out I get paid in pizza rolls I
do I get paid in pizza rolls
Mike buys me an energy drink every once
in a while which I like
the biskits but my job yeah every star
yes master
it's okay if you restart the mission you
can do it you learn it you know what
you're learning rich you you you didn't
know about the stealth and stealth yeah
ma no my job is video production I
produce videos for corporations for I'd
ever do Stu commercial videos I work a
little bit for funnyordie.com where I
produce comedy videos I'm just an editor
and a video producer freelance that's
where I make my money not changes the
difficulty that was that was two things
went wrong two things well you didn't
know about the stuff I didn't know about
the stealth cover thing yeah I thought I
could run when I apparently I really
couldn't right and I clicked to go
behind cover but for some reason she ran
like like behind the tree we ran right
here okay yeah game grub says there's
this weird assumption that anybody even
moderately famous is making a living off
of it that's true like you know and even
those of us like like I said you know
the money we make through your tips and
through your subscriptions and through
YouTube ads you know it's it's it's a
little bit but I you know rich has his
other job a red letter media I have my
other jobs because that's how it needs
to be because that's how it needs to be
but yeah people think just because like
people watch your YouTube videos we make
enough to make it worth it because we
enjoy hanging out and playing video
games and chatting
no go ahead oh we got a plugin though
hold on everybody hold on everybody
we we figured since that we use this mic
more we would switch we switch out the
cord that was having some kind of weird
issues with not always being connected
right and the mic we use more we could
for right now we had a cord that was
right there so we just moved oh this is
terrible oh I hate it I hate everything
that's a good trick
and just make sure it's in there real
tight that's what she said just to dub
yeah and Jack is standing right in front
of the things I need to see levels
levels check check check check levels
check check check check check check
check check check check check check
decided to come here and do some work
and then sitting here and watch you guys
play video games as opposed to watching
the Super Bowl you know I usually watch
the Super Bowl and yes don't care this
here I've watched like three games this
entire season was it because it's super
dumb am i right rich didn't even know
the Super Bowl was today oh god I was
talking about it when on our way here
and he was like this Super Bowls today
we shouldn't be streaming and I was like
a fucking well not we should win streak
earlier specifically but yeah Jays
invisible we'd have to move the camera
and then the green screen wouldn't work
wait there's his hand Jay would you like
to be on camera
these people know what I look like
everybody knows what day looks like I
don't want to see me anyone else
space camo would like to say Jay that
they finally watched whiplash and it was
fucking awesome whiplash is fucking
awesome well there you go that's a great
movie you know what there you go I
actually want to rewatch that haven't
seen in a while I've rich tried this
mission this is the first mission of the
game and he died he lost well I I fucked
up something at the controls so what's
what's different between this and the
previous one well there's a soul stealth
thing right now it was different and I
literally just this is like the first
real mission I've played so I don't know
yeah I assumed you would have been
playing this the day it came out we
talked about that it came out yeah came
out yesterday yes sir okay it came out
Friday it was still kind of playing
another game
I know I'll have I have eternity to play
ex-con not really because someday you'll
die you won't be playing video they
don't you know they don't have ex-con to
in heaven Oh in heaven they have ex-con
or already so I don't get to play three
nope you don't get to play three Wow
what is cruel three is a little bit of a
letdown so they just this guy you know
thank you for the tip j-just this guy
you know has a question for you
okay why did you cut Jack's ghost scene
out of space cop it was adorable and
hilarious wonderfully live wonderfully
Tara maybe I'll get used to it now we
cut the ghost thing just I don't know it
didn't make us laugh we like the concept
but the execution I don't know we didn't
think it really worked well then out of
the three bits that were in that scene
yeah I won't say it for anyone who
hasn't seen space cop yet that was
definitely the weakest of the bits yeah
I think so I liked the other two were a
lot funnier the concept is funny but I
just I don't know it when we watched it
or like yeah this doesn't really work
hmm and I agree with them I think and
you know you just you got a cut and you
gotta make it go got something he's got
to be 90 minutes yeah I mean it's not 90
minutes what is it it's an hour 42 is it
so it's yeah holy crap and that's that's
cut that's cutting out a lot of stuff I
mean there's stuff that's not even in
like the outtakes and deleted scenes
just little odds and ends here and there
sure sure but yeah that was I was tough
to get that down and still have all the
proper information oh ah I've on mage
says here's some money to put in the
space cop outtake fund I'll take a cut
to fund oh that told them about that
yeah I neck for anyone who didn't hear
last time I nagged Jay for months
to cut a version of space to cut a
version of space cop using only the
worst takes maybe that'll be a fun
project to come back to when I have some
distance right now I don't want to see
anything related to space cop anymore
you're still having nightmares from just
shipping out all the real V on since J
is there this is especially fortuitous
after seeing the witness parody I don't
know what parody are talking about this
just gameplay footage I would like the
second secret yeah that's confusing so
I'm just calling it the third okay our
looks I would like to suggest you guys
do some kind of video tour of the studio
it would be a cool behind-the-scenes
well thank you for the suggestion and
Lord Belmont would like to say hey J I
am surprised you and Mike didn't do a
fuck you with January with movies like
right along to you know we we talked
about doing one and we just didn't have
any ideas that would be different within
the last time sure cuz I did see people
commenting like what are they gonna do
an annual fuck you it's January video
we've only done one designated fuck you
it's January video ever we did it one
last year uh-huh and then before that
there was like a year before that there
was a bit on a half in the bag
mhm and then the year before that I
think is when it originated it was just
something I said awesome yeah yeah so
it's not like it's an annual thing but I
guess people associate it with us now
but we just yeah we talked about it I
don't know we didn't have a new take on
it that we thought would be funny so we
didn't do it I think and that's the
that's a really important thing to keep
in mind like what would you have them do
that would be different than last year
like just list off all the terrible
movies and making some jokes it'd be
like the same thing right we didn't we
didn't feel particularly inspired
sometimes I know I think that's fine you
don't you didn't want to make anything
derivative right terrible monster
[Laughter]
clover vibe I'm relatively new here I
have been subbed for months but never
know when you are streaming is there a
set schedule also Wednesday and Sunday
but that's true it's plastered all over
the fucking twitch page it's it's
usually Wednesday and Sunday nights
early I have to get used to fire you had
you have to walk around fire or else or
guys catch on fire and if you follow us
on Twitter at previously reck we we post
the times that we're gonna start each
Wednesday and Sunday also what do you
think is your greatest skill to bring to
our LM rich falling down what kind of
question is that my greatest skill my
greatest skill you're giving us you're
giving us things to chipper using the
time skill very loosely playing X come
to jibber amongst your fuckin selves
okay
I wouldn't what is the skill that you
bring to our own Oh God
I'm very punctual how about that oh my
favorite thing to do was edit mm-hmm but
you bring you bring a sense of
punctuality yes unlike other people who
are constantly late and who shall remain
unnamed I am on time for everything in
life all the time other people who say
are not in this room right now who are
always late I won't say specifically who
but he's not in this room at this very
moment is there a stop drop and roll
button hold on
someone tell rich how to put out the
damn fire rich you can set waypoints you
can set waypoints that's an you can set
waypoints to get around fire how do i
what do i you set a waypoint to have to
donate again no the real VN didn't I
read yours after seeing the witness
parody I read that one too when you guys
gonna finish this oh oh I didn't read
yours I'm sorry the real van X come -
what are you guys going to finish the
witness PS how much did rich have to
drink to fill that bottle with urine
that wasn't rich his bottle of urine
that was in-game footage I don't know
what you're talking about
and no I can't imagine were ever going
to play the rest of the witness didn't
you play the whole thing oh I know we
played the whole thing already we beat
it that's how we got the third ending I
would think that's how you got to the
third ending yeah so sorry I forgot
because they were so mind-blowing
mind-blowing so mind-blowing
you controls when whites are click
control right click while moving control
rich and I are gonna multiplayer this
alright that's what friends are for
control right click while moving and I'm
ready to control if you want to practice
setting a waypoint
no no point now okay second um do you
not reload in this one I do I've been
playing for like an hour and a half a
nurse died
where's the reload button there should
be I should be able to play this I
should be able to play this just with
the mouse because you can do that with
next time one there's nothing well
there's not like a thing on the screen
you can click on to do what you need to
do Oh Oh sometimes I'm way back when I'm
playing as columns you're right lying
down a mouse off to my side maybe by the
keyboard maybe it's in the menu maybe
you have to mess with the menu options
lady maybe a telecon Jay why does
Leonardo DeCaprio suck and when will our
LM by Disney Jay do you think we in
order to Camarillo sucks
I I don't think he sucks I don't think
he's terribly interesting as an actor
and people whenever we give him shit
people were like you guys just hate leo
it's like no if he does a good
performance I'll acknowledge it like I
thought he's good in Django for what he
had to work with but it's still just
more yelling but he just yells he does
like to yell I I don't think he's
terrible I just don't think he's
interesting or worthy of some of the
praise he gets hmm but that's just me I
really like him the Basketball Diaries
did you ever see that oh yeah like he's
done Jim Carroll very old movie yeah
he's really good than that yeah there's
a scene where later in the movie I
haven't seen it a long time but it's
murder the scene where he's like outside
his mom's door like banging to let him
in because he wants money yeah he's just
like crying and he's burnt out and yeah
that's like that's a good scene also
What's Eating Gilbert Grape he's great
man What's Eating Gilbert Grape yeah
which I have not seen since high school
I need to rewatch that I remember liking
it a lot oh yeah also I just remember
like not knowing who he was and thinking
they actually got like a handicap first
I've heard that before I think I owe I
knew who he was before that because he
was on black he's a growing pain groans
that's what he was in critters 3 which
is the best performance so I can never
hate him completely because of critters
3 well there you go but yeah I knew he
wasn't actually like handicapped or
anything sure but I know people that
said that sure I know after of course
everyone knew who it was but I remember
seen that just being like wow yeah
captain skidmarks hi rich Jack and Susan
had a really shitty day but your stream
and binge watching best to the worst
episodes make it better thanks babe
that's the worst is a great show I'd
really like to think that I would watch
it if I wasn't on it I mean I watch it
when I'm not on oh well that's new one
aliens mind-controlled a corpse ooh
so we got zombies die no good of yeah
and Kay Lane he Lane my husband and I
are addicted to your channel
we love your content we recently watched
what's wrong with you we
that's really the question for anyone
that actually watches us are you sure
are you sure
we recently watched a Burnie and liked
it have you seen it right is that the
movie they're talking about could be
what did you think glider moving it's
based on true story I haven't seen it I
don't know too much about it okay
I think it's Jack Black and Shirley
MacLaine okay she's still alive is she
in that movie I think so I haven't seen
it is she still alive
what's happening okay we haven't seen it
then sorry Lord Belmonts Jay have you
seen the boy I've not seen the boy I was
actually curious to see the boy it
looked it looked dumb but it looks like
entertaining dome but I haven't seen it
I loved that girl the girl who stars in
it is in the walking dead oh um lauren
cohan whatever in it yeah I loved her in
the walking dead but uh you know I I
feel really bad that that's her first
like big movie role you know in a shitty
January horror movie but also you gotta
love the premise I like prep you know if
you're gonna be a shitty horror movie
have a premise oh yeah okay this doll
kills people let's go I have a feeling
the movies probably just kind of dull
though yeah but who knows I'll probably
see what it comes out of rent or
something
also it would be awesome for rich Jack
and Jay to play the 7th guest and Oh
until Tom yes oh the real V on don't
don't say it chase here we can't talk
about that
what nothing okay nothing we can't talk
about I can't if that's something in the
chat I can't see the chat from where
it's not in the chat it's in the tips
how can I definitely can't see it we
don't we want we want Jay to find that
owners I'm plotting my murder you want a
to find that on his own you might not
know about that yet I'm guessing I don't
I'm guessing you don't cuz you've never
brought it up okay and I assumed you'd
brought you brought it up should we
I guess we could bring him the real peon
wants to know Jay Jay oh my god um Jay
are you aware that Jack had some
nefarious Easter egg in space captain I
think I was aware of that were you I
didn't think I knew at one point but I
completely forgotten I've never looked
for it I didn't tell you okay I didn't
tell you when in a stream or something
all right I think well I think so yeah
okay I've heard this I have not I kind
of forgot about it sorry I haven't even
looked
oh good then you didn't notice it no I
did not notice it that means I did a
good job of hiding it sir and I stared
at that footage over and over and over
and over for months
exactly exactly so I did a very good job
of hiding it and which may that's that's
the best can't know where it's at know
that Jack doesn't know art that either
huh cat I think some of them have
figured it out hmm I did not do it on
any of the footage I scream okay oh my
oh my god you guys settle down quickly
turn the volume down on that today
because we're getting a fuck ton you
this J is here yeah this is the pros and
cons for everyone is you you need to
decide how much you're going to torture
us with the loud scream oh they're
torturing themselves do they're
torturing yourselves - yeah ragged
scribe Jack you forgot to give my
editing critique on my video oh my god
I'm so sorry record scribe email me
again or maybe I'll look through my
emails again or did you tweet me I
forgot where you send it to me there's
so much I'm terrible email me again
prereq at red letter media calm and I
will do that very very sorry mokey b85
hello prereq and Jay rich this
difficulty level that you are on in XCOM
is equivalent to impossible I'm starting
to realize that I forgot to be equipped
a classic veteran in XCOM 2 is more like
classic mode okay so that might be why
you are failing so hard
I'm not done yet yeah yet
speaking of toner Jack do you know
anything about Twitter changing their
interface have you heard about this
they're not changing their interface
they're changing their timeline
okay is the are you oh yeah that's right
but it's gonna be like an algorithm of
popular tweets or whatever is there
gonna be a way that you know of to like
change that if you want to just have it
be chronological myasu my assumption is
much like when Facebook made that change
yeah they're gonna start with giving you
the option to change it back and then
eventually just take it away completely
oh do Facebook take it away completely
yes I mean use Facebook and so long
neither have I but I know they have
that's shitty I like the simplicity of
Twitter it's shitty for us but it's
really good for when they're trying to
sell Promoted Tweets and advertisement
sure I would like that option though yes
we all want oh my god look at that yeah
the great thing about Twitter is how
simple and streamlined it is I agree I
agree but you know there's no word and
you know they haven't done it yet so no
but ever he's freaking out was it like
hashtag alright P Twitter and all this
shit right hey they got to make their
money this this wonderful free service
that everyone uses they had their money
I mean I get it
Z Goten so have you checked out and man
board yet now I've seen man Berg you've
seen him on board I own manborg I like
those a stir on six guys they're great
also J is the coolest that's not true
that's that's the very true J is the
coolest I should bring man work sometime
you should watch that it's great yeah
but you should bring manborg so like a
you know Rob schrab
right oh I love Rob's right it kind of
some of the style of
job oh yeah like did you ever see
Twitter's holiday that thing he did this
webseries he did kinda like that where
it incorporates some like stop-motion
and all sorts of different like kind of
really homemade visual effects huh but
it's set like a post-apocalyptic future
oh that's an old grave it's neat yeah I
love robot bastard I haven't seen ro oh
wait no I have I seen robot bastard Romo
bastards amazing that's a short film
right yeah I mean very short yeah I
think I saw that a long time ago
yeah manborg probably goes on a little
too long
that's kind of all there this group
asked her on 6 there's a Canadian group
and Canadian they're like a collective
like they do everything together
I'll write you direct whatever sure sure
and everything they've done is always
like 20 minutes too long good stuff in
it
yeah and chat yes I did beat this
mission but remember I was playing on
rookie the easiest difficulty level so
settle down riches which is finding that
sweet spot
anonymous Jay would you play a game
called octo dread a game where you are
the law in a dystopian future and also a
secret octopus well yeah of course that
would be great I would need a good
reason not to play that does that game
exists is that is that gonna be the
sequel to Octodad somebody make it cuz
somebody make that octo cop I don't
think for legal reasons they could call
it octo dread so probably not unless
biscuit but this guy's oh oh that guy's
wrong rich commander equals classic
difficulty also your troops can't reload
when they're on fire I realize that okay
great
I would imagine it'd be hard to focus on
doing any tasks when you're on fire
we're in again
Ginty 999 any plans to review samurai
cop - I think it came out this week I
don't know if that's necessarily on our
radar yeah no probably I mean
doo-doo-doo-doo oh you know what you're
right it's time to it's time to stand up
it's time to stand up what at sitting
for long periods of time and so I have a
little timer to turn that down it's
going off too often it's gonna roll in
the stream for anybody who's just
casually listening this is every 10
seconds because you thought it was funny
[Laughter]
well that aspect of it now is funny
