Episode 493
XCOM on my face (part 2)
April 2, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43qIhXDdhyI
___________________________________________

a little bit okay so so if you sit for a
long period of time they say it's really
bad for you chair and so we're trying or
trying to we're trying to stand up once
an hour stretch out to make sure none of
our legs get atrophied while we have
these long gaming sessions I see so
thank you for reminding me I will set
the timer again so we can stand up in
another hour okay let's say here
do-do-do-do-do any chances you'll be
playing until dawn keep doing what you
also keep doing what you do and thank
you babble yeah go logging - what baba
yaga wah wah I'm assuming you're only in
a play for a few hours that's a joke cuz
he said you're gonna play until dawn
I said I'm assuming you're only gonna
play for a few hours you're not
nevermind I what I took you to literally
J and I'm very very sorry that was very
funny thank you
you were very funny all the time okay
I started the timer until done it's it's
on uh it's on hour but I do keep an
official list of all the games you guys
have recommended to us to play and it is
on our list
I know it's another one of those horror
games which in general you know that
retired he's super huge fans of so it's
it's not really a priority but we will
see about getting to that also lloyd
beets oh sorry Joshua's hacer it's
pronounced the real Valen I always
sorry real van also please check out the
game Ronan on it it's on the list
already
Lloyd meets Jack Jay rich have you ever
seen the 16 minute short film at World
of Tomorrow by Donna Hertzfeld
it's streamable on Netflix and it's
fantastic oh it is I like down Hertzfeld
a lot that is Donna Hertzfeld a guy that
did the animation he does yeah he does
like what's it called he did the
animation festival with like the the
circle guy or like the black and white
drawings right
yeah what's the name of the one yeah
that's right can't think of the name of
that one but I yeah I like his stuff a
lot the animation festival shorts that I
have not I've seen there's a couple of
his I've seen that coming up on Netflix
more recently like short films I like I
saw that a couple of his are on there
and then there's some other ones have
seen - apparently the World of Tomorrow
is on Netflix okay I will check it out
we will all check it out cuz I like that
john herzfeld and anonymous would like
to donate and said just wanted to donate
because it's driving Rachel a little
crazy Zhang I hate you all I love the
problem you've created for yourself
though rich
I love the don Hertzfeld um he's like
his quote unquote like commercials that
never aired yeah well that's that's the
same as the my spoon is too big right
yeah at the same film well it's not it's
not one film they him and who's the guy
that did beavis and butthead and my
judge might him and Mike judge were
making shorts for a animated short film
festival right and then they collected
them into like one thing and you can
watch the whole DVDs great DVD that
whole it but it's all just a series of
like short animations it has a name and
I can't think of that collection of
shorts they cannot think of what it's
called
I'm sure someone on the channel pointed
out yeah we noticed that we said that
one bable bable a gagaga these are what
your Oh My gods are getting us okay okay
bable bable gamble Agha
Yo Gabba Gabba someone and in the chat
tell us what the name of that animation
did maybe I just got an exit somebody
knows and that put me in a slightly foul
mood okay you got an ex-con bloody name
next company knows yeah I got my ass
kicked twice and Rowan oh sure sure
rejected it is rejected okay cuz it's
rejected commercials that's the idea oh
my god wasn't it called yeah okay
rejected great rich overwatch won't
trigger when enemies don't see you right
you need to shoot the one soldier to
make them run for cover leave the rest
on over I'm just trying to get them
surrounded before I do anything yeah I'm
doing overwatch out of habit if nothing
else rich will get this rich will get
this okay let's see here trashcan
trashcan man will rich and Jack be
playing slappy and silly in the movie
versions of the carers also do you guys
have any plans for commentaries for the
year the live-action version of care
bores is undergoing pre-production right
now and we can't talk about the details
any any plans for the future
commentaries Jay not specific ones but
we want to do more later that we were
just talking about that so there will be
more but no I mean might I suggest the
Care boards a commentary track for a web
video there is one or there was one on
the rlm archive DVD oh yeah and a
commentary track Wow okay
well there you go and that's how you use
overwatch and concealment bitch by
throwing a grenade well I put the I put
two people on overwatch well I'm still
in concealment yeah which won't trigger
if the enemies move because our
concealment except I had someone else
throw a grenade so whenever one want to
scatter the trigger the over watches
that's incredibly clever rich thank you
you see this is why rich is very good at
X come I would never think about
something
that ghosts and goblins no we did not
that was babble abogado and we we we
mentioned the Belgae we mentioned that
donation where are we
eyes on mage no pneumonitis donation
donating to the prereq hearing aid fund
thank you do any of you guys know a
second language or is there one you wish
you knew spanish but really convenient
as here's here's the thing with
Americans and other languages like
Americans usually only speak English
yeah or unless you're unless you're like
from out of the country
yeah then you speak something else it's
because nobody in America lives in your
country where anybody speaks anything
other than English mm-hmm you know you
don't need to learn French or German
when when you live in the Midwest also
if you go to France or Germany they know
English yeah because it's convenient
because you have so many different
languages if everyone knows at least one
yeah but we don't we don't we're such
pricks that we like because we're pricks
it's a matter of necessity we don't why
would you bother learning a skill that
you're never going to use I could learn
French how often my gonna use it right
but Spanish Izu wishes yes
I took three years of Spanish in high
school and I can't speak any Spanish
really the first year I had it it was
the teachers last year teaching I didn't
give a fuck all we did was talk about
South Park sounds like a South Park was
kind of first started so she didn't care
she was on her way out second year it
was the teachers first year teaching
ever and she was a crazy person
oh no well she would do is talk about
being obsessed with her ex-boyfriend and
breaking into his house and hiding in
his closet what she did and then in the
third year we had a teacher that tried
to teach a Spanish but we were too long
gone at that point sure we just didn't
care so I could speak a little bit by
the end of a senior year but that's all
gone now sure I would love I would love
to have the height like if I if I could
go back to high school years yeah I
would love to tell myself like
need to learn Spanish yeah I think I had
a one semester where I learned right at
class teaching German - sure
now I'm over any of that sure there
there's so many opportunities where I
can't interact with someone who speaks
Spanish in very little English and I
would love to be able to communicate
more efficiently with all those people
and you know the we have a large
spanish-speaking population in all of
America so it just wouldn't hurt in
general but some it you know what maybe
maybe I'll try out that I hear that
rosetta stone is pretty good yeah I'll
do that maybe I'll try to learn Spanish
okay ie on mage until dawn
Deadly Premonition in d4 are games which
Jay should watch with you guys well now
that keep hearing about this deadly
premonitions that's the one that people
keep saying is like that's this week's
game they have a cap and now that Jay is
no longer editing space cop he might
come around a bit more but we he's been
working let the man work well they have
accents know about fucking time did they
not have accents no that's really funny
anonymous thoughts on na food of the
gods - do you know that I haven't seen
it I know of it I think it was just
recently released on blu-ray ok but I
have not seen it ok Jay and others have
you seen a resolution from 2012 it's a
horror issue movie about a drug addict
in some Indian Reservation
yes resolution is fucking great so is
their follow up movie spring resolution
is like a way more clever interesting
version of cabin in the woods where kind
of deconstructs a lot of polar tropes
cool it's a lot more abstract in the way
it does it it's not so on the nose it's
really really good cool
and their follow-up movie spring I
rented it like the day it came out on
VOD just because I knew it was the same
guy that made resolution and then BAM my
friend Jeremy's in it that's great I
think I figured out what I'm doing wrong
jack hold on one moment rich I want to
get to that but there's something I want
to read here rich can you give a
shout-out to Erica Longshanks wife Erica
yo Erica is pregnant and is feeling a
little down and would like it and want
to shout out hey you have that kid there
we go
you you wait you wait until after they
have the kid that have the depression
the postpartum depression yeah that's
that's healthy early you're early
the preemie if you get it out of the way
before you have the kid then everything
smooth that's how depression works right
you can choose what do you have it
absolutely okay I'm sorry rich so what
is it that you were doing wrong okay I'm
supposed to just go stealth and
concealment the whole way aren't I
I'm just being dumb I'm so you stacks
com1 there's no real stealth component
the game wants me to use stealth
to get to the thing that's why even
fighting and not doing a terrible job
why I haven't gotten to it I in you in
rookie I thought but you were playing
rookie I played rookie but I use stealth
to get right up next to him and then
shot a whole bunch of bitches yeah but
so I don't know I don't know is I guess
what I'm saying let's see here what
you fucking idiot you fucking idiot what
did he do
Hey look at that he missed that shot he
missed that guy he missed that guy oh
that dick fucking idiot
what a dick
there you go
Rudy dropped something well he dropped a
couple things
dude dude dude but you gotta be cool yep
nerds are useless I mean he is he is
wearing glasses rich your ex cam guy is
a nerd wearing glasses and you're you're
concerned that he is not making shots
Lord Belmont I'm waiting until Jay comes
back to read your comment cuz I know
it's a question for him oh my god
whoop-whoop seem Jay you have a question
from Lord Belmont are you going to start
collecting the 4k blu-rays um I don't
know I don't know a 4k TV I can't
imagine the resolution is that much
greater or worth it but it's pretty
early in the technology so I'm not gonna
say one way or the other sure
I mean VHS to DVD that was a pretty big
leap picture quality and then DVD to
blu-ray is a little bit of a leap like
it wasn't drastic it wasn't like VHS the
DVD was yeah so now blu-ray to 4k like I
don't know it'll be in a slightly
smaller leap even still there's only so
much you can perceive with your eyes as
everyone here in the gaming room knows
our eyes only see at 30 frames a second
anyway so 60 frames per second is
useless for caves useless also are you
aware about the problem digitally shot
movies under 4k like the Avengers will
have they shout themselves in the foot
with digital / film I am not aware of
any 4k digital problems or III know was
it attack of the clones that had some
issue with either what the movie was
shot on or what they rendered out all
the visual effects with something like
that whereas like a lesser resolution
than the rest of the movie is something
weird I don't remember the details of it
yeah guys I was being I was being
facetious of course non there's it you
know PC gaming does a lot of 60 frames a
second gaming yeah which makes the
gameplay a lot smoother and it makes
reaction time a lot smoother and a lot
of consoles can't get 60 frames a second
they only have the same games at 30
frames a second okay and so console
gamers whine often and say but the I can
only see at 30 frames a second so it
doesn't even matter which is a joke do
they all talk like crazy they all talk
like Kermit the Frog or a Lionel from
Parker Park I'll never understand gamers
it's one of my favorite voices
Longshanks you're welcome for the
shoutouts and texaco n' on the subject
of accents does it seem like actresses
are better at hiding their accents than
actors these days just one of those
things i've noticed in recent films and
i you know if you know think about like
someone like like Hugh Laurie oh yeah I
didn't know he was British until like
the third season of the house accent
yeah he's a good American accent or oh
who was it in in season 1 a Fargo he's
very British what's his name
Oh Martin Freeman Martin Freeman yeah
and he's Fargo he's 100% Fargo that's
his name he played the titular carries
not Fargo he's Frodo he's Frodo Fargo
Christian Bale is another one really
glad and hiding his accent I think I
think just good actors are good there's
some really good actors though that have
have troubles sometimes with the accent
sometimes it comes and goes right think
of an example rich messed up again I've
been watching on Netflix just added the
third season of Bates Motel so watching
that and the the dude playing Norman
Bates on that he's English mm-hmm has
come a few times throughout that show
where it slips a little bit especially
when he's angry when he's yelling it
kind of slips out oh oh that's right
daredevil the actor who plays Matt
Murdock and daredevil is Irish oh really
yeah and he you you wouldn't be able to
tell then my favorite actor slept with
with an accent that he's unable to hide
his Arnold Schwarzenegger it's one of
them because you know I like Arnold
Schwarzenegger just is the
Schwarzenegger he's Arnold
Schwarzenegger but then like he'll play
these roles like when in Kindergarten
Cop right he doesn't try and hide the ex
he never tries to hide the accent but
he's always like an American guy yeah
and no one ever questions why this like
Austrian muscle bag is an American cop
yeah I'll
I loved that and it was never questioned
and even the audience members never
questioned it yeah cuz it's Arnold
Arnold's one-of-a-kind one-of-a-kind
never be another famous person quite
like a movie star like him no never
there will never be another
Schwarzenegger and I think only in the
80s could something like that happen can
someone like that rise to that level of
fame maybe when they're so weird but it
was the weirdness that made it happen oh
I know I understand man he's my favorite
is that true Finn of Finn the black
stormtrooper is British oh yeah john-boy
I get everybody's British
I don't know Schwarzenegger is coming I
love that if you guys have ever sold
that from pumping iron from pumping iron
a great documentary by the way why do I
watch the whole thing
oh my god it's I mean it's great Arnold
Schwarzenegger goes on this rant about
how weightlifting and exercising is very
similar to having sex and how when with
that pump the ways it's like I'm coming
it's like I'm I'm losing of the way it's
like I'm coming all over the place it's
good it's great because he he doesn't
mean it in a creepy way but come about I
love Arnold so much yeah uhm
didn'ti my name no matter what your
feelings are about the oscars who are
your best picture
prediction nom what oh now I'm sorry who
what's your best picture prediction Jay
do you have as far as what I I would I
mean I don't care too much but I would
like to see win yeah Mad Max just
because it would be so different of
course and that would be kind of neat to
see because it's rare for any sort of
genre movie to get any nominations let
alone like what does it have 10 or
something like that yeah oh yeah that's
something I think it's not like Return
of the King
yeah but of course that was collecting
all the nominations from all of the
movie right that's like a final payoff
for that whole experience and putting
that thing together right just just for
the sake of yeah something different I
would love for Mad Max to win sure what
do you thinks going to him probably the
revenant yeah
because Lena Caprio eats a raw fish sure
so it wins because it was very it was
very easy to movie to make because I
mean I know they they were there was no
problem shooting that at all it's a very
lazy film yeah very lazy I would love
Mad Max to win as well just cuz it was a
great fucking movie let's see here
I I mean also just nobody should care
about the Oscars ever it's because the
oh I always watch it every year I go to
a friend's house it's gotta become a
tradition yeah group of us watch it
mainly just I don't know because this is
something to watch sure I never really
invested in what wins or anything I'm
always just waiting for the awkward
moments those are the best and something
goes wrong there's a really awkward
speech it's it's it's a group of awards
voted on by only people who are already
in the industry yeah these are culture
it will but it's it's also like an
incredibly unbalanced circle-jerk
yeah where the you know directors vote
on Best Director so these are people who
are already entrenched in the business
talking about who's the best in the
business
yeah there's no objectivity there's it's
I I think it's useless
i-i'll agree that sometimes there's
funny bits and sometimes people talk
when the music plays and that's fun to
watch on YouTube the next day and
occasionally you get gold like like John
Travolta such an that one singers face
in a really creepy way for a long period
of time and mispronouncing uh well that
was the year before she mispronounced
her name yeah and then so the next year
they brought him up on stages ah this
will be funny they'll be on stage
together yeah and they just creepy
touched her face for like ten minutes
yep that's why I watched the Oscars for
stuff like that for body or people
embarrassing themselves clover vibe
here's a $2.00 question what actors
would you like to be in an average rlm
film always sorry what actors would you
like to be in an RL atman film either
embarrass themselves or get the most out
of Oh what so name some actors that you
would love to work with in a film that
you are making and an RL M film that we
are making here in Wisconsin oh man that
either you would like to see them
embarrass themselves or get the most
positive cells as a director who do you
think you could work with oh my god I
don't even know I think that's an
interesting question
such a different world that that
Hollywood world productions like that
and the rude stuff we do yeah I don't
know I honestly don't know um I'd have
to think about it he's really thinking
you can't see him right now but he's
he's busting a noggin is an interesting
question obviously I think it would have
to be someone who'd be willing just to
go full I mean full frontal obviously
but but you know like someone who's also
just willing to commit to like not only
whatever material gonna give them but
like shooting in Wisconsin where we
don't have yeah catering we don't I
guess I'd have to say people that we
have worked with like Patton Oswalt I
think he gets it yeah you know or like
Tim Heidecker he got it you have to be
sort of like slightly fringe ish people
you know Patton Oswalt super successful
sure but the people that could've
understands more Fringe sure material
people who might still remember what
it's like on the side of the world yeah
yeah yeah that's the 12.2 bori
HK once thought you know something rich
yeah what you can do this and they
believed in you I I don't know why they
they believed in you
you're right anonymous anonymous would
like us to know that Rich's present-day
accent kept slipping out in space cap
which did not do a good accent um
Grasmick military hello gents another
great stream I agree with Jay regarding
Mad Max for the Oscars but I still think
space cops should have been nominated
for Best Screenplay as it did take 12
years to make but space cap came out
this year yeah so it'll be nominated for
next year's Oscars it will definitely be
now absolutely if it's not nominated I
will be shocked and surprised really
something I mean best sound editing I'm
sure it'll get a technical I can't get
far away enough to reload this kind of
bullshit fuck it fuck it I'll just die
next turn shit anymore yeah you know
what
Ivan Lee stream is just mentioning Jon
Hamm Jon Hamm is oh yeah he's willing to
make a fool of himself he will do
anything and he's really funny yeah he's
great of the white out of American
summer show yes I guess I would say that
any of those people anyone associated
with anyone yep related to what how
Americans summer the state I I can work
with them I'm sure oh yeah
what what happened to my fries oh oh
okay
that was very they blew up the game a
little bit you can reload and shoot in
one turn if you don't move
oh really that's what too much new key
is saying you know what Conan O'Brien
does like weird stuff but as an actor I
don't think he's quite there
has he ever acted in anything aside from
like skits for the show and stuff no I
don't think he's ever done like I'm
acting yeah no I don't think so
you know what fucking I'm dead
Jay other than roar did you have any
other favorites from B fests uh oh man
you guys could not shut up about how
about roars roars the most amazing thing
and everyone should check it out right
now
the group was a group of people watch
war everyone it's insanity it sounds
amazing it's insanity captured on film
that overpowered everything this year
there was some good ones though there is
the the highs were really high and the
lows were like why did they even bother
playing this but the Garbage Pail Kids
movie was a highlight for me personally
because I'd been wanting them to play
that for years sure so that was fun and
the human tornado Rudy ray Moore movie
the guy plays dolomite Wow it is a doll
a night movie that was pretty great too
okay
not the Heath Ledger TV show roar well
who's the actress and roar it's Tippi
Hedren and Melanie Griffith old movie
and old passion project from Melanie
Griffith's parents yes were actually
like her mom and her stepfather
the lion conservatory right without
spoiling too much about roar things
don't go well at the lion conservatory
and they're all real lions they're all
real lions and they get writing credit
on the movie because so much of what
happens in the movie was dictated by
what the Lions did you never told me
that
yeah the Lions get a writer's credit yep
that's brilliant
it's it's an amazing movie that's
brilliant I do not know if there is a
confirmed release date for XCOM 2 on
consoles space copped hard at least day
it is who gives you shit who gives a
shit you can play it right now if you
have a PC did I read yours major Tom
servo oh I did I'm so sorry major time
sir oh well major Tom servo you didn't I
only read stuff if you donate two
dollars or more but now you've donated
enough with this new donation to tell me
about your last donation oh my god we
only read stuff if you donate two
dollars or more that's our general rule
okay everybody sorry if you did not know
but now you've donated enough sorry to
bombard Jay with questions I want to be
more well-versed in film can you
recommend any books or whatever on film
theory or is the key just to watch a
fuck ton of movies on film theory yeah
I'm gonna read too many books on film
theory I've mainly read books on
filmmaking but yeah just watch a bunch
of movies yeah that's mainly what I
think most of us that are into movies
have done and then you just try to
figure out what the common thread in the
movies that you like are and pick out
the stuff that you don't like I used to
be really interested in I would watch it
like when I was little little mmm I'd
watch movies on VHS and like pay
attention to things like I did even sure
like I very vividly remember watching
because we had
a fancy VCR that could go frame-by-frame
without the picture you know when you
pause it sometimes the picture every
yeah yeah and it would be frame by frame
in pretty smooth and I would watch the
scene in home alone when he takes the
sled down the front stairs and goes out
and lands in the in the front yard and I
remember I don't know why I was
fascinated by watching that scene frame
by frame and I would see like oh and
this shot that's inside the house where
you see the front doorway is his sled is
halfway out the door but then when it
cuts the exterior shot racing it coming
out the door
it sits back a little bit farther and
picking up on things like that sure so I
learned about editing from home alone
don't ever Mach home alone it's a
brilliant movie I already watched it
again this last Christmas I have seen in
a long time it's still a cute movie
still a cute movie even home alone too
lost in New York we suck as its charms
nope there's a lady with birds it's it's
the guy from the first movie it's the
exact same movie that is one of the most
cynical sequels that's what John Hughes
really quit trying yep oh man
yep we don't have to try they give me
money that's what happened he didn't oh
but like as he did about the charming
Kitty garbage let's see here where was
they where were they anonymous you got
this rich dick punch your way to glory
run faster ambush further and shoot
harder also lol fuck your cock okay zico
zico
Oh also the the other reasons my was
very loud for us is rich one of the TV
up more so he could experience all of X
comments a little bit louder for us 1000
is that oh my god coming through the TV
yeah Computers comes through the TV says
wants to know have Mike and John Hamm
ever met I don't believe there's a
situation where that would yes I heard I
guess it's possible he didn't tell us
though and I think he would I would
think so I think he would tell that
story um a weird question
she likes me as that one also rich also
rich face it we will all love you even
if you step the difficulty down a notch
rich is learning the game and you know
this is part of the reason why rich
doesn't like to stream new games is
because there is a learning curve and
sometimes that learning curve involves
and so you're gonna sit here and you're
gonna watch rich play this one mission
over and over and over again while Jay
and I jibber about nonsense and you're
gonna like it
anonymous sorry about that I didn't know
about the two dollar minimum now there's
my two dollars are the Plunkett reviews
dead maybe you don't know about this and
Dad I don't want to step out of turns oh
go ahead but uh why don't you check the
old YouTube subscription box tomorrow
because there is a very some something
very special coming out tomorrow and if
you don't know that joke I'm good don't
don't expect anything
no no comment well the short answer is
no so there you go there you go I say
the long answer is no oh
so neither right no they're not that is
there a medium answer no I nailed it
Jane thank you
you nailed it what chink t99 any use for
s VHS players what are s VHS players J I
there's an s VHS the the smaller tape
that you had to put into the adapter
thing to put utilities here oh maybe my
work has about 40 of them and we are
throwing out /recycling them I can't
imagine we would need it yeah not s-vhs
if those are the I know they just see is
what I'm thinking of but no we don't
have any use for us VHS either whatever
it is your mic your your soldiers can
flip out that's great and not listen to
your commands because they're so scared
about the aliens ah hold on I'm gonna
look up what an SV HS player is Google
excuse me Google oh it's a super VHS
player oh yeah I want to say it's just
supposed to be like a higher quality of
VHS which is a joke in and of itself I
mean we have plenty of VHS players here
so I would say no but thank you for the
offer that it would be expensive to ship
yeah those things are heavy
yeah rich the chat believes in you I'm
seeing all sorts of moral support for
you in this mission you can do it they
all believe in you we know you're trying
your best don't let us down morale
support like morale mushrooms which we
recently learned a whole lot about yep
it's all you're gonna get
and I I approve
we are now experts on morel mushrooms
absolutely I do kind of want to go on
check him out to to do I recently we
went out to eat yesterday and I had some
amazing mac and cheese and inside the
mac and cheese was boar bacon Oh bacon
made from a boar okay and when I was
bacon that was boring it was boring
bacon bacon the only the only kind of
bacon that can be boring his turkey
bacon
I like turkey bacon better nuria shut
your damn mouth it's better for you and
it's tasty it's fake and it mocks
everything bacon stands for a boar bacon
though is so delicious yeah I might have
problems eating regular bacon again oh
my god it was so and I might have just
been the way to cooked it yeah it was so
good it was so good both ways and boars
so I have no idea what any part of the
boar tastes like we had to save a little
piece of bacon to end the meal with like
each of us were just like I'm gonna
leave this piece of bacon here so this
was the last flavor in my mouth that's
how good it was
ha boar bacon heads up everybody have we
seen the series every frame a painting
the real van wants to know I've seen a
couple episodes of it's a youtube series
I've heard of it I haven't seen it seen
a couple episodes I they did a he did
one on the comedy editing of Edgar
Wright's which I was really interested
to watch and I just disagreed with a lot
of his commentary huh oh so it was just
you know but I've seen a couple other
ones that I thought were very good every
frame painting also also the real van
wants to know if rich cut his feet while
filming the witness ending well again
that was gameplay footage
so that wasn't rich so obviously rich
didn't cut his feet but I can only
assume that the whoever that was in the
gameplay footage did not cut their feet
because they walked very carefully yeah
that's my assumption that yes that was
real glass and that actor was barefoot
but they walked very carefully because
movie wait I missed because movie
there's just - you guys are too many
donations oh no that was because movies
question okay
wanted to know if rich cows feed again
gameplay footage so not rich I just
fucked this game has my number you might
need to knock down the difficulty I tell
you till you figure it out my name is
Tate says rich have you tried turning
your hat backwards yet because maybe
that'll give you the intensity that you
need and so that's what you mean
business that's when you mean business
when it's getting real yeah
that's when that's when Ash starts the
Pokemon battle he always turns his hat
backwards so he can concentrate also
James right turkey bacon is delicious
and you can eat way more of it you both
are lying to yourselves turkey bacon is
nothing but a mockery of something
beautiful and delicious but it's also
better for you then just don't eat bacon
it's better to not eat bacon than to eat
turkey Batson's don't lie to yourself
with the subpar salted meat I enjoy the
taste of turkey bacon liars
okay Jack please tell rich of this
mission is part of the tutorial and he
needs to restart and disable the
tutorial well if I can't beat the
fucking tutorial I'm gonna go ahead and
agree with Ritchie on this one turkey
bacon is still ridiculously high in
sodium oh sure I'm not saying it's great
for you this is better for you than
regular bacon yeah bad Milo you know yes
good job to whomever stacked those
glasses in the witness video it
certainly was not us as that was
captured gameplay footage but whomever
stacks those glasses must have been very
fast and talented and probably handsome
okay I can only assume I don't it's not
letting me change the difficulty oh
really yeah is that cuz you're in the
middle of the game yeah
so you're just exited that's all madam
Rich's going to the bathroom oh my god
J's he's gone mad folks Jays not scared
of the camera it actually just kind of
be a pain in the ass for us to move the
camera I actually know I am scared of
the camera that's why you've never ever
seen me on camera I know you're
notoriously camera shy I've never been
on camera no one knows what my face
looks like Packard are you finally going
to answer this who cleans the bathroom
at rlm studio nobody nobody has ever
cleaned it nope it's in bad shape I make
a special point to go before I come here
that's a good idea and I hold it for as
long as I can hoping I can get back home
if not I I it's actually more sanitary
for me to just go out to the dumpster no
shirt behind I would believe that
absolutely so
of a filmmaker freak this is my third
tip to the stream sending $1 not doing
the $2 cop very sorry it filmmaker freak
take your photo
oh well hold on filmmaker freak if this
now makes up for it all here's your
dollar you hack frog sorry to know you
made it earlier let me go back let me go
back filmmaker freak where are you have
rich read this I will have rich read
here oh my god when he comes back after
being so sorely disappointed
oh this is you know an ex come one rich
has close to a 1000 hours oh my god and
he it's one of his favorite games and
then he sucks at this whiny and he will
I think it's his ego he thought he could
just waltz in here sure Oh waving his
dick around I know what I'm doing no the
aliens took his dick well maybe this
will humble him a bit yeah he means he
needs to be taken down a peg that rich
Evans I agree
she takes 20 hey guys I'm fresh out of
high school and trying like hell to get
into filmmaking any tips for the
lowliest of directors also rich maybe
play something else until you've gotten
your XCOM 2 skills this is what we're
playing tonight I'm gonna start with
probably a tip that you've heard before
for directing and it's gonna seem like a
dumb tip but just start making things
film a ton of shit and then don't post
it on YouTube because 99% of it'll be
unwatchable unwatchable garbage yes I'm
so glad I was talking with someone about
this recently I'm so glad that when I
was like learning and making stuff most
high school you know that YouTube wasn't
a thing that existed hmm because
otherwise that shit's out there forever
yep and it shouldn't be
I'm sure there's so much old
embarrassing crap but make it you
haven't make it and finish it and show
it to maybe some friends yes maybe the
people who are the more you make the
more you'll learn yep and that that's
literally all yeah never stop making it
and then just keep doing it until it
becomes your life and you're ruined
forever and you're sad upset person
actually rich could you leave the door
open a little bit it gets a little warm
in here
yeah gets a little you know we got
lights we got the TV not a computer we
got here he DS oh you're you could do
that you know but that made adds a
little more light in here which we kind
of need them Jay can you when are you
gonna make the next horse vomit horse
mama got a flagged on my youtube channel
the first time I uploaded it yeah I
don't know why someone flagged it and
then I reload it like two years later or
horse vomit I will never make something
as good as horse vomit ever again I
don't I don't that's my point but I kind
of it's also a fantasy movie because
horses can't vomit
apparently I learned that's right we
learned yeah that's what we learned but
no you know if you want to be a director
you want to be an editor just start
doing it because all the technologies
there you have if you have a cell phone
and a computer yeah it's easier now than
it was when I was learning to do this
gonna make anything you want believing
yourself dick punch and dick punch the
fuck out of directing I don't I mean
maybe try stepping it down a difficulty
level well what's the next step down
rookie error like you're on veteran you
were on committee yeah go to veteran and
just you know cuz you this game is
probably a little bit different tactic
wise than the original exam and you just
got to learn it disabled tutorials okay
telegin J what is your opinion on the
original Wicker Man hey you know I've
never seen it last one that's been on my
sissy list forever and I've just never
seen it
and what do you find more worthwhile
watching the original or the remake but
he's never seen the remake and that's
funny moments but I don't quite
understand its reputation the so bad
it's good repetition yeah it has it has
some good moments but I've only seen it
once a nice remember being incredibly
bored through a lot of it yeah and
they'll be like an amazing what the fuck
moment and then some more boredom and
tedium
I think everyone just remembers that
that last Nic Cage scene and well Iran
remembers not the bees not the bees
which doesn't even in the movie
apparently that's a deleted scene isn't
it i from what I understand no it's not
in the movie well it's been a while well
like there's two different cuts of the
movie so maybe it's in wanna know though
anonymous would like to send some power
your way rich don't use crocodile bear
brain follow in sense like lion brain
This Is It this is the mission I died on
when I did this mission when I was
playing this weekend all my team got
killed and I was on rookie that was on
the easiest difficulty but I have no
concept of tactics this is not the game
for you is not that well I'm trying to
get there I know so many people love
these games yeah these are these are
high up on many people's lists this and
XCOM and even the originals the old old
pc games are really high up on people's
lists so i wanna i want to like it and i
love aliens and i love the idea of just
shooting aliens oh I want to shoot the
fuck out of aliens so I want to be there
I want to be good I didn't read your
first tip I was asking if whoever did
the video was trying to go the Leonardo
DiCaprio out and get oh you're right
well whoever acted in that video might
have been try trying to capture the leo
route of stepping on broken glass you're
right
too much nuki I'm pretty sure rich
understands base management so by
skipping the tutorials you also skip the
tutorials on managing your base but well
figure it out I'm gonna say that rich
has enough XCOM knowledge to figure that
out oh also rich someone who tipped us
would like you to say what was it oh my
god
yep that's it thank you
Ivan Lee streams here's an ex-con to tip
for rich get good nobody tips on Thank
You Ivan extremes for tipping with the
tip $2 I'm sorry I made a mistake you
get sterile here's your $2 so yeah it's
good all good things
everything's good will you show up
really fun on the green screen you know
a Perrier
I like carbonated water I don't know
understand I don't understand why so
many people get so much shit it's fine
it's just fun to make fun of sounds like
like a fancy boy drink I mean usually a
little fancy laughs it's a fancy boy
drink it's carbonated water and it fills
that beer urge for me not as good as
beer does mmm oh sorry Len fly kasinsky
Jay have you seen the movies Brooklyn or
room no I haven't seen either yet I want
to see room I've heard nothing but great
things about it yeah I haven't heard of
either they're both Oscar nominees
yeah but I don't care about the Oscars
so so if they're asking that means that
means they played one weekend in LA and
not anyway I mean they have a decent
release or not you know huge movies but
they're supposed to be really good but I
haven't seen him no okay
they go sorry Lane I'm trying to keep up
with the chat and it's alright guy I see
that you were getting to blend here I
will I'm trying I'm trying to you know
I'm also trying to look at people while
I'm having conversations there's a lot
happening and I'm trying to drink my
Perrier this is Perry is not gonna drink
itself if it does that'd be weird
oh they're also saying Brooklyn is
fantastic that's oh yeah Ronan
so yeah Rhys Ronan is never known how to
pronounce her name say your eyes Oh what
was the movie like Cabin in the Woods
that you were talking about earlier
resolution resolution from 2012 yeah
Justin Benson and Aaron Morehead or the
name of their directors okay and they're
they're pretty great resolution is a
more subtle of cabin in the woods yeah
j-bot it doesn't have a lot of
similarities the cabin in the woods it's
just it takes place a dumpy place in the
woods and it deconstructs horror movies
okay that's pretty much where the
similarities end
okay but it's it's yeah it's really
clever and really well done
are you shitting me there we go it's
pronounced Sasha Sasha Sasha
Saoirse someone is saying it's
pronounced Arceus I'm saying is
pronounce Saoirse I'm just gonna do my
best to avoid ever having her name come
up in conversation so I have to worry
about it
that's really the smart call I think
I've only ever seen her in one movie I
know she's in grand Budapest hotel Jay
the only winning move is not to play
it's true when pronouncing Sarah's name
J Baumann is not the only man who looks
better with a beard a lot of men look
better with a beard unlike say me does
not look better with a beard why do you
keep the beard mm-hmm I'm too lazy to
shave that's why I grew the beard yeah
there you go there you go no I think you
know different as as long as the the
really important part if you are growing
a beard is your mustache needs to
actually connect to more facial hair
there are people who like grow beards oh
sure they have their mustache and a
space yeah and then they're lower and
then that that never looks good I'm
looking at you Johnny Depp Johnny Depp
has that terrible does he have that I've
never really paid much attention to his
facial hair
I know Keanu Reeves has like the
weirdest patchy as beard I've ever seen
yeah it was it's a little distracting
sometimes yeah why doesn't Jack grow his
beard I my my wife does not like my
beard I liked my beard but I I don't
like it that much
to have you know also beard with a
shaped head is a very specific look some
people can pull it off very specific
look rich
Jack J klore vibe what are the games /
films if you must you are most
embarrassed to admit you loved first of
all I'm any movie that I loved even if
you guys think it's like I'm not
embarrassed I fucking love it and I
don't care
face off I fucking love this lots of
people that like people like everybody
knows what it is yeah I've never seen it
oh my god I fucking love cheesy as hell
way over the top but I fucking love it
so that's on my list of things I should
be embarrassed by but I'm not yeah yeah
if you there really shouldn't be a thing
as guilty pleasures like if you enjoy
something yeah
for whatever reason just enjoy it
absolutely
I want to take his face ah oh my god I
mean I gotta go watch face off tonight
I've never seen it you've never seen it
now oh my god did you see any of those
like cheesy woo films I know I'm not a
big John boo-boo guy the American woo if
you were American whoo yeah I haven't
seen a lot of his stuff do you have but
what what's on your list of stuff that
other people might not enjoy but you
know Oh God some of the things I watch
so many things i watch somebody like B
movies and weird shit mm-hmm I really
like Inland Empire the David Lynch movie
and that's one that even people that
really like David Lynch are like I'm out
I think it's an interesting movie uh-huh
especially when you keep in mind the
process of making it how it was put
together over such a long period of time
and okay I'm sort of experimenting
through the process of making it and
Laura Dern is just great
well that's all you need and she's on
the new twin piece she's gonna be on the
new 20 every great actress ever is on
the new twin peaks' it's awesome
Zeca we could probably take a little
break and read subscriptions if you need
to go to bed there's no I don't have
subscriptions up online well he's
probably worried about his name why
that's why I said C : they call thank
you for subscribing if you subscribed
we've really do it go
thank you for maybe or maybe not
subscribing it doesn't really matter I'm
gonna say your name cuz apparently that
will make you happy we really appreciate
it we just appreciate you coming by
is true caiis 87 this tip is towards the
oculus rift HTC vive fund I can't wait
to see you guys flailing around like
jackasses with headsets on are you
looking for are you looking forward to
VR do you think it's just a gimmick just
a gimmick I have no plans on getting a
VR headset that was gonna be the big
thing in like 1995 why is it coming back
again because the technology is finally
there where people can do something with
it okay but no I'm not I don't care
about it I just don't care about it I we
will probably get one eventually just so
you can see us be jackasses is it a like
a console or is it something that'll be
like you use with an existing console
it's something that you will use with
your existing PC okay there aren't a
whole lot of oh it's all versions Sony
is making one for the PlayStation ok but
it's something that you have to use with
existing technology but like in a game
world where the the 3d environment is
already fully rendered yeah the idea is
you know of free movement looking around
right motion sickness like you've never
known it before honestly I will get sick
and puke
that's what you guys want would be good
on this well later models come with like
an attached barf bag by now get eight
free occu bags
occu bags I like it I like it no I don't
I just don't care I know like I've been
seeing a lot the big clickbait video
right now is people trying out VR porn
oh sure and you know like everyone's
like it's so intense it's so amazing but
VR porn doesn't you can't get the full
360 movement because it's a video it's a
video feed so people like you know if
you move closer move further away the
video stays at the same distance but
like it's still so real and so intense
and it's just like there's already porn
you don't need this people aren't gonna
buy a 500
dollar device just to watch porn when
they get the JC Penney's catalogue for
fries you know gonna give all your
people goofy elements I don't know I'm
just playing I'm saying what you can do
sure there's apparently some promotions
available other chat is saying oh do do
J I worked with Aaron Moorhead Wow on
the VFX of his other films his segments
and VHS viral and spring oh I love
spring there you go
this is just viral not so much but
spring is really really good this is
filmmaker freak i met him during post on
resolution crazy you mentioned this
right now small world
yeah well there you go they make good
films and i hope they make more that
aren't associated with the VHS franchise
because those aren't that good run be
rich did it please don't use this for
the oculus rift fund we won't run be we
were owned we won't be wrong for my
father Jack talk Jack talk many times
Sarah Douglas that's an actress oh yeah
she was an Superman to she's one of
those odds
people so the females odd people yeah
well then you need to make her white you
need to make her Kryptonian weird though
all all the customization options they
still don't let you customize gender or
nationality yeah yeah they do character
info
I finally did that me did not do that on
the previous version no is a Kryptonian
available for that other ladies hair or
not what are those oh go to back to the
hair wow look at that hair exists to say
a reference to the classic original wax
come oh yeah the graphics were so bad
yeah well there was only like two or
three different like customization
options sure and I think a lot of them
had that goofy hair oh sure
space cop dog hard says Jack I've gotta
go the stream is only making me sad that
this game isn't on console how is it
available on PC just on PC the other oh
right
the other ones did come to console
eventually even like the the first X
come even came to iPad oh and it was
like this like 3d and apparently runs
great it's time to stand up everybody
it's been an hour everybody it's time to
stand up do you do you buy it do you buy
right I'm stretching you guys can see I
started doing this because like here for
like four hours and I just feel like so
what is this promotion everybody is
talking I'm talking about what oh that
like limited time only like deal see I
thought you're talking about but you get
the Mountain Dew DLC you got about a new
face mask
now get on I'm just looking I'm just the
first time I played the game I'm just
looking at what I can do yeah Toki play
Dex guy - I bet I hear great things I
was thinking about doing that to warm up
for this game but then I said fuck it
because we were playing Dragon's Dogma
like the bad doing what - playing XCOM
on the iPad oh because that might have
been fun but then it's like yeah we were
playing definitely on a different game
and I wanted to come into this as fresh
as possible you're the old you're the
expert yeah anymore I want to come in
fresh I'm embarrassed by that that's all
right
horribly embarrassed Jesus Christie
wants to know is it possible to turn
down the volume on the Oh My gods
I think we should do that do you think
we should do that okay rich says okay it
will be possible but not at this moment
we actually need to re-record rich
saying oh my god at a lesser volume and
we will do that for everyone
it won't happen tonight but we will do
that because I it's happening so much
tonight is guys to be an obnoxious dream
to watch
otherwise it's a nice fun jdx calm
stream yeah I do think yeah we should
you're having regrets what it's not yes
no what is every what it's every 10
minutes no big deal right when it's
every 10 seconds kind of it's it was
funny it was funny when we first did it
and we thought it would stop happening
yeah
then it was funny that's true we did
think that tips would not happen as
often as they did yeah okay oh my god oh
and I forgot to say do you can download
your own oh my god if you want it's it
finally cleared hold on but I'll get to
that in one second anonymous hi guys I
recently caught up on the YouTube
prereqs and enjoyed all I got a question
for rich in a sentence or two
this is really important rich yeah a
sentence or two what ruined Mass Effect
3 they know you hate it but you know
like they never got like a full
explanation but and I know you can go on
this for hours there's there's no 1 or 2
ok there's no 1 or 2 in general can you
generalize everything I know I know you
really loved the story and the way they
ended the story Mass Effect 3 was
unsatisfactory for you not having a
solid plan on where the story was going
to go ahead of time which after playing
three is patently obvious because they I
mean three they just pull the ending out
of their ass outside of being a horrible
ending like the plot device around three
is just comes out of nowhere and it's
stupid EA games mm-hmm EA bought Bioware
and the game was rushed out too early
what is my guess my speculate it's my
pure speculation okay that that game
needed another two years in development
than what I got okay
gutting alright we kind of talked about
this during the Dragon's Dogma review
mm-hmm about how you know Western RPGs
you you're in control of your own
character and the solemn and the silent
protagonist that yeah you put the words
in and Bioware with the previous games
and I guess they're other games too took
that a step further okay because you you
were in charge of the character but you
can also actually speak you like shows
what you wanted your characters say a
game and people would react
appropriately you could be a jerk people
would think you were a jerk you know
yeah and it had it had one of its big
things was the branching dialogue yinz
and trees but you made your own
character with their personality sure
they were heroic they were a jerk you
you you did that yeah they were snarky
they were serious three cut gut rip it
out and you're just kind of like under
your personalities on the rails more a
lot more than it is in the other games
okay like you know those dialogue trees
every every few conversations you'll get
like a yes or no option in three
blahblah
so they gutted your ability to be the
character so they took your character
that you made for two games away but
this is our toy we're gonna play with it
the way you should play with it oh
that's very sad
yep okay well you know what that's a
good summation thank you rich okay also
I'm putting this into the chat right now
I'm sharing with you guys we got we
finally got it approved you can now
download your own rich Evans saying oh
my god oh good it is a clean version
it's the version we use for this audio
of rich Evan saying oh my god I'm about
to give you the link in the chat there
it is
there it is it is a from free sounds org
I uploaded that's where I get actually a
lot of sound effects that I use for
various projects that's a great site
it's a great site it's a database full
of sound effects that you can use for
free but there it is use as you wish I
hope you enjoy which is incredibly loud
and shrieky oh my god as much as we do
I'm so glad we could share this with
everyone as much as you all used to
enjoy it okay finally JS le says finally
PC gets a game that console does not get
first and chat is crying now you know
how I feel about blood-borne final no I
mean first of all there's like a ton of
games that are on PC and not on consoles
but this is a big one obviously are
there a ton
the thinking specifically like crypt of
the necrodancer just came out on
consoles that was on pc only for so long
indie titles ok titles but i guess for
the majors this is this is a rare major
PC exclusive for a time rich don't feel
bad about going down to veterans I feel
bad about going down to venture I'm
sorry no I beats enemy within on
impossible Iron Man and XCOM 2 is
kicking my ass yeah it's like you know I
think this is a normal thing I think
it's an ass-kicker I think the time I
click is saying I think my favorite oh
my god welcome please oh sorry there's a
cutscene Shanna's dead
I know he would have loved to show you
around the place himself
we used to talk about you a lot you can
be sure I'm ready to finish what you
started might not look at it and with a
little more help well you'd be amazed
okay I forgot what I was gonna say no oh
they said their favorite oh my god was
during the during the order 1885 yeah
review for gunshot fade to black oh oh
good old gunshot
no I'm respecting rich rich likes the
cutscenes this game is important to rich
I will respect his uh his wish for us to
you know let him enjoy the cutscenes
obviously I don't really care about
cutscenes Oh engineer required ah I see
I see
and I see what's going on because you
because you skipped the tutorial do you
know that this is a ship I gathered that
okay at the outside of it yeah you're
right you're on the Helicarrier
basically so you know you're no longer
our building an underground facility you
are building the shield Helicarrier
back to my question Jay talked about
brain storm or demon seed do you know
these things I don't know either of
those things I think I've heard the name
demon seed demon seed sounds familiar
but I don't know those we J doesn't know
toes I'm sorry
the rearm I'm sorry the real net boy
sorry v I've let you down
J knows everything about movies that you
know what I've got plenty of blind spots
but a movie with the name like brain
storm or demon seed should be right up
here on Steam in the seed sounds
familiar but I don't think I've seen it
but if I did there was a long long time
ago sure there's no way that's Bradford
that's what they're saying there's no
way that's Bradford
I do like to try and fill in the gaps
sometimes though of like genres or areas
that I'm not familiar with like last
Halloween I watched us last October I
tried to watch a bunch of Italian jello
films cuz I ain't seen too many of those
okay so it's like now I can say that
I've seen plenty of those where I
understand that genre good we're dry I
try to fill in my gaps
recruit more pimps for you would like to
know if you have any thoughts on
Cloverfield both the old or the new I
like clover fields I know I think it was
I didn't buy into like all the height
for it you know there was all the like
viral marketing a janitor even yeah the
mr. Issa and then you see the movie and
it's just a POV Godzilla movie basically
yeah this is giant monster tagging the
city and I thought it was fine just as
that okay parts of it felt like a like a
theme park ride like when they're in the
helicopter and they're like oh no the
helicopters going down you feel like
you're on a theme park like like one of
those rides were like the seats move
with the king yeah they're sinking like
the king kong ride that they used to
have at Universal Studios
sure sure so III liked it well enough
okay um I'm curious about the new one
the fact that they made a movie in
secret and no one knew it even existed
until like a month ago uh-huh
whatever everyone was so distracted I've
heard that it's actually like a movie
that was already being made completely
unrelated and then like later they
decided to make it related to
Cloverfield oh I don't know if that's
true but Wow got John Goodman in it and
it takes place in some sort of
underground bunker so it looks
claustrophobic this sounds great it
looks like a decent movie cool cool
recruit more primp says Cloverfield was
their favorite movie for a while until
they saw taxi driver taxi driver is one
of my favorite movies to drive taxi
drivers is a great film very different a
little bit different than Cloverfield
they did take place in New York though
well basically the same film you're
basically the same movie because they're
in the same universe the shared universe
revealed cinematic universe Travis
Bickle Oh an elderly Travis Bickle got
stepped on he actually didn't die at the
end of giant thanks driver he didn't die
at the end of technically the last scene
is out to interpretation I guess boiler
Lord for tech that's beyond spoiler
alert he may or may not die he may or
may not die Oh fucking love taxi driver
yeah thanks cars great you see that girl
crazy girl pic she's a whole she's a
whole and I know she's a whole oh man
don't quote too much of that scene I'll
get into some trouble
we'll get banned oh yeah taxi driver is
one of those rare like you know that I I
don't necessarily I don't often like
older movies cuz the pacing is usually
something that I can't get down with you
know me I'm memorable hyperactive I'm
sure I like my movies to be fast but
taxi driver just hits that right 'stryed
where it's just slow enough well it's
just hypnotic I mean if you're with him
that whole movie in his mind it's great
it's great I got to see a 4k digital
projection of it a couple years ago and
lean in theaters and it looked great I
think that might have been my first
leave 4k digital theatrical experience
and it looked really good well it looked
like like I mean it was obviously shot
in the 70s so it had a lot of grain to
it anyway so yeah even a digital print
look good tiny turnip says the taxi
driver was the first course AZ film I
saw yeah that's a good that's a good one
to start with it might have been mine
too
probably trying to think of that all
right you know I think I probably saw
parts of Goodfellas like on cable sure
when I was little little like way before
I saw taxi driver okay but I didn't know
what it was at the time oh my god Indy
then uh Hemi one 137 says based on your
complaints about Dragon's Dogma you'd
really like Dragon Age Origins it's
generic fantasy but with great
characters and story are we still
streaming also it has elves whoops OBS
crashed I was still streaming I'm gonna
say yes okay wait hold on let me ask the
chat but I mean you know we still
streaming
webcam froze oh the web oh yeah look
the game is still working oh that's
weird but just the just the video they
can still hear us weird things are weird
face are frozen and I think there's
anything I could do without starting to
stop in the stream can you hear us hold
on well you're trying to click on a
thing but you got to get rid of that
error window first would you well it'll
probably close the whole program what
says would you like to view a crash
report I'll say no wait I can't hear or
see you but I'm blind to death thank you
that's very funny Tara both eyes out
yeah yes we can hear you okay well
