Episode 497
XCOM 2 MADNESS!!! (Part 3)
April 6, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqx20FJwvlk
___________________________________________

go with them there's a sort of timer on
these missions
what do you mean Kevin people dying I'm
assuming what is this 100 that's right
that's right this one yes
yeah you can't let you you can't let sir
so many people get killed and I love
that I love that people start dying
before you can even come close to
reaching them so fucker people are gonna
die man fuckers gonna die
it's the Wars of war yeah I love that
the Anna dou says don't use half cover
it's stupid well there's not much in the
way of full cover what do you want me to
fucking do would you rather have no
cover come on man
think about it this is something I
haven't heard yet are these truly Kevin
are these truly procedurally generated
maps I know I know they couldn't do that
for the first one this mission looks
very different than when I did it I will
tell you that doesn't mean was not a set
number of maps you just didn't get the
same one for this sure so I've heard
people saying they're because I I wanted
XCOM to to be as much of a surprise as
possible yeah I I deliberately didn't
like read every bit of information as it
became available I wanted to discover
this game sure sure so I didn't I didn't
hear I didn't I didn't hear any of this
news is probably breaking so I don't
know if these are procedurally generated
or not okay and if they are cool on the
other hand and can't find good cover
while we wait for Kevin to respond to me
clack and says Jack do you find that
your gaming ability improves while
drinking or no do you enjoy some genres
more no across the board I become a
worse and worst gamer as I drink because
I stopped caring about the game I'm just
drinking you know most mostly because I
get tired too when I drink now cuz I'm
old I'm an old man so when I drink I
just get sleepy so I don't care this
game wants me to - I can't stand it -
thing goes against everything I've
learned about XCOM right everything
they're saying it's pseudo procedurally
generated not completely random but
that's not from that's not from the
source okay
we're waiting for the source they're
constructed oh this sounds right
they're constructed out of a series of
quilt-like pieces the same way original
ex-con made them basically okay oh okay
well in here's from Kevin here's from
the source
they are procedurally generated there's
definitely a more complex answer okay
but he's saying yes procedurally
generated that is from and I keep
calling a fire axis but I think I saw
you correct me before it's Firaxis
that's good because I played you know
the originals so much I couldn't help
but to get just familiar with the maps
right and you know where the best spots
to hide out are right and then take some
of the fun out of it yeah it does yeah
okay Firaxis sorry I keep calling a fire
axes I don't think we're alone out here
well duh yes why everyone's getting shot
Oh rich from the off switch rich how
much for rich to do an impression of
someone who can play X come to for the
rest of the stream above boom I just he
just just thanks for space got by the
way says the office way thank you
yeah I thought it was funny but yeah
that is oh and of course they all have
full cover oh great
Oh Kevin says we talked about how the
maps are constructed in our packs south
panel Kevin is that video available
anywhere if you have a link to that
video if you could post it in the in the
in the chat here actually that would be
an interesting watch I don't know if
they record panels oh they all have
great cover oh fuck you taking the shot
well the better than it better better
than better than nothing yeah I don't
have anybody close enough to do much
else
you can do it you probably have line of
sight on shit oh you can see somebody
here you can miss this shot or not hey
that's wait that's why you take a chance
sometimes all right what was your
percentage of now 25 20 20 you took a
25% shot over what she was behind good
cover I could hunker down but then he
would just shoot at one of the people
behind weak recover and kill them
instead and see I would and you know
obviously I'm not the tactical mind you
are I probably would have over watched
it hoping that they would move positions
to fire me the fire at me they don't
always have to move though because
they're behind good cover mm-hmm they
don't have they don't have the incentive
to get out of there sure you're Kevin I
guess I said yeah the new sectoid
they're certainly more threatening yeah
than the original but just just visually
I really miss the old SEC ties a little
you like the goofy little you know mouth
they are missed yeah well you can't have
the same aliens why did you decide to
Kevin I don't know how much you know
about these things but why was the
decision made to change the design in
the sectaries cuz they were pretty
iconic I think I think you can't enemy
unknown you can't have the same alien in
this this is what I equal man things
gotta be bigger better stronger harder
faster
oh yeah like like that those other Mario
games that didn't have goombas yeah you
know this is probably a bad wait Mario 2
didn't have goombas oh but three and
world and just just wait till X go three
they'll bring a sec - its giggling Allah
says forgot to mention saw space cop
when it came out - Julie loved it
especially with the commentary someone
mentioned it they have a ton of stories
from production that haven't shared yet
care to share any love to hear them oh
there's gonna be so much there's nothing
I can think of right now but I'm a
little bit
tracted yeah all right how do we deal
with a situation this is a situation
Jack there's a situation there's a
situation cinnamon we do I was thinking
about that about having asking Kevin to
Skype in with us we need to figure out
how both rich and I could hear him
because when the when the strafe guy
Skyped in rich and I were already
skyping so well you know we could just
have him join that call so we could both
hear but I haven't quite figured out how
to make it so both rich and I could hear
him and you guys could hear him I'm
working on that I'm working on that
because we have some people that we want
to talk to in general but I'm sure this
won't be the last time we play X come -
so Kevin if you're if you're open we'd
love to chat with you it's jig AG jig
Gallagher
jiggle AG basically I think what we
would need to do actually it might be it
might be simpler than then I'm imagining
we just need a headphone splitter both
rich and I would be needing to wear
headphones but then it and then we'd
have to have Skype on this and then this
into yeah we could we could do it won't
work on so we'll work on something we
will call it yeah I'll tweet your Kevin
I'll tweet you
I'll have him Skype in on the laptop
that I'm on and then send the audio from
the laptop shut you fucker make that
shot
no to the h6 so all of our audio will be
in sync and then if both rich and I wear
headphones from the h6 we can hear Kevin
we won't be able to like listen
to the game yeah but you know we could
do it one headphone like one headphone
listen to Kevin one Advil
yeah okay we can do this I'd love to do
the stream in person first of all you're
not from Milwaukee are you do you live
in Milwaukee we can subsidize your bus
fare
$10 is Greyhound the best what's what's
under Greyhound almost the best the best
I know I bother my audio path will be
weird shit but we have to
we'd have to cable him into our age 60
Oh we'll be delayed and so you'd hear us
like answer him like five seconds after
he said itself hey Jack what does rich
think about jetpacks or Mexican one
I almost never used them yeah yeah no
well there you go I want Kevin did you
did you find the the link to your packs
south talk on level generation I haven't
seen I have to figure out an excuse to
go to Wisconsin there's you know right
now there's not much wait till summer
come for Summerfest and then come see us
alright alright Wow oh not pretty
mop who's still alive everybody okay a
lot of are a lot of civilians dead yeah
Oh someone already linked to it oh great
thank you thank you check out I just
want to make sure I got that boom boom
boom okay great I got it open thank you
thank you
boss Reds boss Red Sox boss Red Sox
shared the link I'm gonna watch that
later Richard's gonna watch it later
really yeah right now I got to figure
out how the fuck I'm dealing with this
goddamn sectoid
that's what's going on right now
Secretary's got a got a guy under mind
control
have you not saved any civilians ya know
Jesus
well my focus has been not dying well no
no I get it I get it I got wookies I
know I forgot by the way that you never
you have a crew of all rookies well
there's a civilian there you go
oh oh wait oh wait rich it's a faceless
look at that thing Richie Rich is not
happy about a faceless I love the
faceless look at him look at he's a big
pile of goop he's a big pile of goop
that's gonna kill all your rookies that
group pile man it's like a jack you can
do this rich use your the commander use
your superior tactics what can you go
look at him he can't go anywhere safe
look at big pile of goop probably it's
probably gonna die anyway may as well
all got 84 oh he's my favorite it's been
an eye I see someone asking about
whether or not the the turn based or the
turn limit has made it harder for a rich
to act strategically it's yeah yeah at
least have a strategy I'm used to right
it throws out all of my old
XCOM knowledge this is the you know the
good thing and the bad thing right is is
rich has so much time in XCOM one that
that's how he thinks and
okay yeah I'm gonna guess somebody's
gonna get fucked by that other guy sure
you can seduce the faceless what sir I
don't think you can seduce anybody
you have to know actually the really
neat thing about ex-con - is it turns
into a dancing minigame and then you
have to like strategically press the
right dance moves and seduce the
faceless doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
I hate you right now me I hate you yeah
that's fine that's fine like I actually
hate you
I want to faceless dating sin absolutely
the white guy warning I know all up in
here oh no everybody's just gonna die
well you know that happens that happens
3:03 why the voice why is she gonna do
man
take this stick out of her hair throw
the stick she's all she's got three it's
all she's got man nothing you can do
about him
you think you well you better do five
damage everyone's dead critical host Ted
neutralized how many are left
I wanted people you got three it's gonna
be too soon because I'm gonna get
flanked and murdered by this guy I see I
see
oh no no no no you got this I'm I'm like
Captain Kirk Jack I take it I take an
impossible situation
uh-huh and I give myself a chance
because I am the ex-con master that was
pretty good that's pretty good those who
love some fucking rookies this fucking
rookie jack that's pretty good that's
pretty good
all right hey everybody it's been in
about an hour stand up stand up and
celebrate riches Victor how many people
did you save you rescued eight civilian
congratulations
pretty good I'm gonna stand up I am
gonna take a bathroom break know what
it's probably been three years since
I've had an ex-con situation that tense
that's it what what else
in a review do you need was that was
that a satisfying way yeah yeah so at
this point I feel bad when I have anyone
dying sure this is a new ball game this
is a new ball game
yeah boom rich is filled with
determination absolutely
okay now everybody stand up it's been
about an hour I'm gonna I'm gonna stand
up and yeah I'll be back
stand up everybody
you know what I'm gonna stretch to I
needed I've earned a stretch lunge
lunging
that's the key the key is the lunge ah
that's my head speaking in taking a
little intermission little lunging
intermission stretch those hammies the
clogs the quads and the hams stretch
them all I'm just gonna I'm gonna just
chat at you while we while wait for rich
to come back
okay take that one that we like I'm
gonna go write something back
I have no idea where Jacqueline
all right let's continue on here
yeah yeah you think we're getting thin
on manpower is that a thing you think oh
wow all right soldiers two more that's
the situation I'm a map
where where the hell did you go
where the hell did you go oh my god I
had a lot of urine in my blood on her so
you pulled a witness I mean I had a guy
at a coffee and I had that big bottle of
water
could you get Len calves in ski to
replace Jack on prereq the next time
he's in town I don't think he plays
games much I love all those I love all
the little scenes of him dissecting the
guys well this is sure interesting it
smells terrible though oh we didn't we
didn't name some people I think the one
that died was not a named person oh so
what's the temp where we are on our way
over here it was 14 degrees this morning
it was nine it was nine degrees it's
very cold
first person with a pizza roll tell me
who my favorite XCOM enemy unknown enemy
unit is and I think you know I've
mentioned it okay
Pizza roll favorite XCOM enemy unknown
I've mentioned it down the stream a
couple times a few times
boom waffle tale says thinman waffle
tale waffle tale oh sorry I have a major
I get I get confused I didn't finish us
tonight if a creep email was sent it
wasn't me I hope not
gifts are okay also see you start XCOM
in the morning see you start extremities
see you start extra in the morning would
say hi if it wasn't would interior
Annoying see you start X cam in the
morning oh yeah no I mean if I'm ever on
Steam say hi but I'm chat with me people
do it all the time you know obviously if
if I don't respond I'm in the middle of
playing something or whatever don't
worry about it oh yeah you sent
something in the mail I don't I don't
check the mail here did you get any any
unusual or interesting fan mail recently
no there's a okay yep let's see here
mokey says some XCOM 2 tips 1 if enemy
is on the roof blow up the roof and have
them fall to their doom
this has explodable roofs rich this
changes my whole go on the roof strategy
I've never been favor of that strategy
let's see here to promote those Rangers
with +2 extra damage and research with
+2 extra damage and research stun Advent
troopers to get arc blade 911 slash
damage ooh
I have an arc blade if you promote the
Rangers with if you promote the Rangers
you get 2 extra damage and then if you
research stun Advent troopers you can
get the arc blade which does a 9 to 11
slash damage nice that's pretty hot
it's pretty shotgun people in the face I
want running gun yeah well you can do
that whatever later a perk no no I
missed my running gun I want to shoot
them in the face
you can shoot them in the face now with
a shock this is ex-con I'm not playing a
role playing game this isn't a fantasy
role-playing game this isn't the time
for sword this is a sign for Thorin no
fourth no you can check out I want this
I want to stick a shotgun right under
their nose Jack uh-huh and then I want
to pull the trigger right under their
nose I kind of like flashes all I want
to do I like flashing them with Myford
we have more rookies okay we have fresh
meat yeah rookie meats hmm and I
definitely don't have that sergeant now
to upgrade a squad side size so it's
going great
we're doing great so great right and see
what our promotions where we got a
sniper we have a sniper that's good
hi Jack I'm hacking a turnable and got a
pre I got a permanently +22 hacking
start with a 97 percent probability Wow
I need to hack more things what do they
get they got that plus 22 hacking
forever forever yeah what was the odds
to get that 97% 97 to get that's what
they said Wow
I got a hack more things look at that
guy who was that Allison over alejandro
alejandro hey my t-shirt spreadsheet and
is still going strong
I keep it up to date I try to keep it up
to date
oh I research that radio tower what do I
do with the radio tower Jack what do we
know where are you what do you mean
where am i I'm in this room instead of
sitting next to you
researchers this oh so when after they
clear out the facility yeah then you
build a radio thing in here well you can
so the radio towers expand your network
of where you can do missions and one of
the options for a room you can build you
already have the guerrilla tactics cool
right yeah one of the options will be a
radio expander so you can go further out
cuz right now you can only go to three
locations yeah
but you might be able to go to a new
location if you're headed to your world
I head to the world map yeah so you only
have two out of three contacts so if you
want you could well you're going to a
Supply Drop well it's the area I need to
go to a not here right well no see
that's in the separate area oh let's say
like make a contact you could you might
also be able to go to like a different
place and make up oh yeah my contact up
there yeah yeah which is fine I always
have the weakest aspect of the first one
was the strategic lair oh sure
where's your other base
commander autopsies are magnetic weapons
you know I I didn't do magnetic weapons
I didn't do him until later and he's on
great you have to buy him though yeah
it's like supplies supplies runs short
you need to be able to kill things
efficiently to be successful in Xcode
supplies are in short and people die
people die because you suck at the game
that's why right now I'm not that's not
saying anything you know that you're bad
prepared to be but the goal is that
people don't die and part of what makes
them not dying
uh-huh is having better equipment that's
that's most likely true wood wood richer
I ever consider playing a game like
hearts of iron I don't even know what
that is yeah how can I answer that when
I don't know what hurts of violence yeah
like a Bronze Age dating sim yes I see
dr. tagging is the blackjack agreed not
to be confused with Jack Black who
doesn't look anything like either of us
uh Nikolas says hey guys I was concerned
and just checking in Jack do you have
enough eggs at home no I'm getting eggs
I don't I have one egg left in my house
and that is not enough eggs I need eggs
and I need Gatorade I'm gonna go
shopping tonight for eggs but thank you
for checking in I was gonna do that
anyway but thank you for reminding me
also do you guys have a long commute
already live fairly close to the rlm
studio and I close not far
please we sleep here we sleep here most
of the time wasting their time
eggs calm that's right eggs come mochi
says you get run-and-gun as an option
after for promotions for rain hey I've
heard that I've heard that I don't know
I want to shoot someone in the face now
sorry yeah yeah mr. Beebe's the best
form of cooked eggs is two that's two
separate questions it depends on what
you're going for you looking for you
looking for straight up protein you get
hard-boiled then you waste none of the
eggs and it doesn't take it doesn't take
a lot to do it you know put eggs in
water boil the water as soon as it's
boiling take it off the heat and cover
it let it sit for 12 minutes boom you
have perfectly cooked hard-boiled eggs
but you know you want it you want
something else
scrambled scrambled is is the best way
to have eggs oh is that your third area
why is it open an area up here it says
you have oh oh yeah that's up this is a
mission special mission area sure you
could go to New Mexico or you could go
across alright good I could go for
supplies well oh I'm just saying like
for as far as new areas are concerned
poached poached can be good I mean uh
overeasy is always good poached like for
an eggs benedict that that's pretty
great
like I'm looks fine but like an omelette
to me is just a sloppy sloppy scrambled
eggs like I'm what's our to rubbery good
scrambled eggs are smooth and creamy and
buttery just make a scramble with those
I'd much rather have that but you know
usually for me just hard-boiled it's the
easiest way to do it
eggs are the most delicious thing the
real question is runny or salad egg well
you know for hard-boiled this salad but
anything other than then hard-boiled
your runny egg yolks all over the place
all the time oh I need more supplies
aren't you on a supply run right now I
think I just did one I'm so bad off oh
you did yeah you fact like I kind of
fucked myself for the sake of
experimentation maybe wasn't the
brightest move in hindsight that's fine
let's do it look at this fine it's fine
you're leaving your supplies to go on
another supply run come on man get your
shit together shoot things all right who
do you get okay you gotta you got a
heavy weapons guy and that's it oh you
got sniper - okay all your other people
are in sniper was named right that was
who's this first cars go Jones yeah okay
yeah Frisco you got saucier all right um
you just want to pick somebody just look
and pick somebody fuck it I don't care a
name we haven't seen before
give us some fresh blood how about JJ
cheek er that sounds fine JJ chica is a
subscriber okay I've never seen JJ
cheekers name on any one like just JJ or
JYJ a wine just JJ y j JJ JJ letters
okay I'm cheek er CH AE k ER cheek er
okay boom boom
and one more please I think this wasn't
somebody was it John Thomas hey if it
was they have a generic using better
twitch username in John Thompson John
Thompson first name um great mantis
great great mantis said me and I just
looked down and saw that great mantis
great me there we go alright boom
fresh meat fresh meat waitin well
tonight everyone is the resistance we
don't have any resources when we make do
with what we have okay whoops is a
resource hey Jack you sent me hearts of
iron over steam okay great I will look
into it I will look into it um space cat
space cop dog hard hey Jack how much
would I have to donate to get you where
a completely green shirt on the stream
nothing I should just do that that would
be funny we've talked about it yeah
we've talked about it we'll just do that
one of these times I mean donate if you
want but we're just gonna do that one of
these times how do you balance comedy
and just seeming unprofessional how do
you deal with people who don't
understand that's a joke that's the real
problem
idiot were green you're on can you
believe these idiots were green and then
green screened out they're green not
beer sparkling water
all right green face paint oh that's
what we should do is like paint half of
our face green so it's even creepier and
then just like green shirt and then half
of our face cream and so like we're we'd
be weird half face floating faces or we
could not do that are we gonna do that I
can't stand face makeup no sure I never
could
oh we could just wear green bandanas
right like Halloween when I was a kid
none of my costumes involved face makeup
it of any kind hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm that cool
motorcycle
I like blowing stuff like that up it's a
tricycle Jack don't you know the
difference between a motorcycle on a
tricycle it could be a three-wheeled
motorcycle motorcycle is just you know
up there that's a fair comment you know
container detonation in eight turn oh
there is there is rich yeah yeah they
always says you can get him you can get
him you can do it you can do it tell me
when they ain't is you is or is you
ain't my baby like that roof up there
yeah I would avoid that looks like
sitting up there sitting up there saying
man if you go up here no one will see
you
is everybody in the building no one I'll
see you up here there's nobody in the
building how do you know you got the
eyes in there what are those what are
those eyes mean when you're in the
building like you know it's got the
right eyes in there
does that just mean possible aliens in
there I'm not familiar with to yet I
know I don't know hey chat what are
those red eyes mean
motorcycle doesn't imply specific wheel
never I agree turrets are another reason
to avoid roofs you know Kevin I know I
know you you work there and you know
you've been around the development of
the game but you know I'm gonna trust my
own instincts here rubes are the way to
go yes okay there we go that's what I
need to know from the horse's mouth
Kevin up breaking a window or kicking
down a door will well oh that means an
alert yes all right
it will alert them because you'll have
to go through a window or open a door
okay thank you that's what I needed to
know are you getting on the roof yeah I
can't break the window getting on the
roof
heading to that location you have to
manually open the door to not alert them
okay cool thank you so you could go up
to the door manually open it and if no
one's in there you won't alert them
all right all right all right let's get
set
death from above here yes fuck yeah oh
wait I was in cover right how do they
see me there and a half cover what did I
do wrong is it I didn't see a red thing
there they moot well they moved I don't
know all right all right
I don't know but things happen you have
to deal with them okay toget location
the location oh look at that fucking
roof team roof yeah 100% shot when
you're on a roof I hate you that's so
much listen you know obviously rubes
aren't always the option aren't always
the best option but it just so happens
that being on a roof worked out for you
here so you know we can make that work
okay
we're gonna try and turn the camera oh
dude
QE q and e man also have you held down Z
no hold down Z nice I like it any more
buttons on my mouse you should do that
thing where you film your chin with
googly eyes oh that would be silly we
wouldn't um it'd be hard to play the
game then we'd be upside down I guess we
could turn the webcam upside down and
then you know I just put it close yeah
maybe a hundred percent Shou look at
that two to three huh - to 300 you're
with you're pissed yeah that's right cuz
you're a sniper yeah
I have to waste a grenade yeah oh I
suppose you only have six turns to get
where you're going
okay
you're right the magnetic pistol would
have blown is that off snipers are kind
of kind of nerfed in this because they
have to move you have to get them out at
the end of the turn so you can't leave
them back really anymore well here I
don't think you need to evacuate them
here you just need to neutralize all
enemy targets and recover genetic
sequencing data so there's no there's no
objective here to get all of your units
out so in this mission you can okay yeah
oh no definitely okay cuz it'll say that
like it'll be one of the mission
objectives to to evacuate all XCOM
soldiers so what I don't know why does
everyone expect me to know everything I
did okay
JJ ticker thanks for making my first sub
stream spectacular praise the Breen
welcome today I have no idea oh no oh no
no you have no idea what what makes the
stream spectacular I mean this is it
rich plain XCOM and chatting about
bullshit listen what else is there what
what else is there in life nothing no no
no no no hit the wrong button I hit the
wrong button god damn it oh I'm sorry
well he's dead yep Jack teaching rich
had X come to this is where I have a few
more hours and X come to so I've had
some chance to play some more chances to
play around this is all stuff that rich
would have learned I'm sure save
scumming huh I'm playing airman you're
playing an Ironman
nope yeah okay well yeah well fuck yeah
Oh double fucking double super Omega
fuck oh not the Omega fuck what are you
doing it's gotta be something horrible
what are you doing oh he's your
reanimating a court you had a flank shot
not that I'm complaining mr. sectoid man
but that's the thing I was like oh who I
thought he was gonna mind-control
someone on your team but um ow
oh well he stunned alright there's hope
okay oh hey blueberry I'm looking
forward to Deadpool I'm trying not to
get too excited about it because you
know you gotta keep your expectations in
check but I like Deadpool and I like
Ryan Reynolds so I am looking forward to
it in general
sectoid AI priority is always to revive
someone says mister bibs suck toys love
making zombies yeah
what who is then as that guy dying your
guy I hit the wrong button I love how he
cried open the door yeah no shit yeah
but you gotta you gotta neutralize all
enemy targets to oh I suppose dad yeah
well you have four turns i like the
square i want you fucking around move
into designated position do you think do
you think super hacks mate super hacks
quite great
I think Deadpool is going to be x-men
Cannon and I think they're already
they're already talking Deadpool 2
already got greenlit and and they're
also talking about an x-force movie if
that pool does well more r-rated x-men
stuff r-rated superhero stuff which you
know I'm okay with critical you need it
more you need more in it ana dos so how
come you never mention your high five
montage videos on the show in fact I
don't think I've ever seen you high-five
someone first of all I high-five rich
all the time so you just doesn't there
you go we just high-fived you got a free
one we've talked about it a few times
series of videos I've made called the
high-five montages I really enjoyed him
made him with my cousin Jake and my good
friend Bobby t-bob hurt and famous actor
Bob hurt
can I just saw ly want to do is give up
maybe is there give up
but you know it's come up before and
well we're done it is we're done this
oh now use this is fucked oh yeah see
this happens to me a lot where he just
get a black screen I don't know what
that means necessarily rich can't
restore one's progress in this mission
because he's playing Ironman yeah so he
cannot save scum if this were me well no
he's only down one I like the way I
always play it is for all practical
purposes I'm down to if I if I lose one
soldier yeah that's fine if I lose to my
fingers hovering over that escape key
and if I lose three saves go okay can I
call for an evac I can't even out of
this corner
neutralized all enemy targets yeah
that's not gonna happen
yep oh here's what they're saying yeah
well after you're done with this damage
damage so if seeing the top right corner
see the little helicopter oh you can you
do that at any time I think you can do
that in any time I think you can give up
I would have done that a while ago I
would have done I would have saved him
oh I'm very sorry shit
shit I would have gotten him out of
there - oh I'm so sorry I didn't know
not Bob turd Bobby Turton Bob curtain
turtle you know why I didn't notice why
in the tutorial that was like bright
green yeah and I was looking for a
bright green sure sure
maybe I'll get insanely lucky oh did you
get insanely lucky I gotta solve this
melee from the right which isn't going
to happen
oh now my exits I think blocked so I'm
pretty fucked a no dos I'm giving you a
shout-out
there you go mr. Pibbs that's not true
mr. Beebe says if you skip five turns in
a row without doing anything
the aliens die of human diseases and you
get the triforce and play as Luigi oh
did you
there's hope there's hope it's hope
bizarrely I got to survive probably a
couple overwatch shots
Oh
oh my god terton Bob Turton is a good
friend of mine and appeared in my high
five videos Oh God
and he's acted in a bunch of stuff and I
like him in general
are you just trapped I'm just trapped
why are you trapped the side of this
thing blew open I can't get out there
are you shitting me
really oh you can't leave the side of
the van oh oh sorry
Joshua's se air um Josh Josh gave us a
tip saying put this towards a tombstone
for my heavy that bravely reads lol fuck
my cock sorry desperate punkin I did not
miss your tip there's no tip from you is
Bob Curtin the goofy mustache guy no
that is that is Tim Higgins who appears
in a different montage video of mine oh
you didn't need the alien to make you
panicked wait maybe he'll run Oh No Oh
maybe he'll run to the evac site if you
want to go home run to the evac site Tim
Higgins who appears in different montage
videos of mine is the goofy moustache
one Bob Curtin is the guy that wears the
aviator sunglasses in the high-five
montage videos just all different
montage videos
if this guy makes it out oh maybe it'll
be fucking amazing maybe and a victory
in and of itself
oh he's burning now not only is he
daddy's corpses amazing I can't can't
remember the last time I lost this many
troops it
XCOM I I'm sorry I should have told you
earlier about the whole well I guess he
still would have died cuz he was trapped
yeah but now I was looking for the
because the tutorial it was bright green
stops looking for a bright green icon
I'm sorry yeah no no like well maybe I
can't do this mission I wonder what I
can do it this that's something I have
to upgrade to who's one of us thinking
you got some loot that I mean I like it
super helps button
yeah I know we're taking heavy losses I
know fake Bradford I know it's Bradford
it's been confirmed that's Bradford it's
supposed to be Bradford Meade
technically I think this voice actors
doing a better job but the old Bradford
was just so so wonderfully cheesy
cornball not a military man commander I
need you to military for me please I'm
mr. military and that's what I do that's
right at least no one was wounded rich
somebody did so many dead
sort of like old Bradford aspirin too
much money he wanted some of that fat
XCOM cash last time I got $50 I want 75
damn it and 4x this was like whoa we can
replace you with a hobo man we're
actually gonna give this hobo 75 dollars
out of spite commander
oh hello commander force under strength
it's nothing I could use one of those
rescue missions right about now can I
have a rescue mission
oh it's fine this is learning this is
learning process what's what extremely
extremely slow and painful loading
learning process what do we do and we
fold
oh I've got a specialist I gotta get the
laser that later that robot can go
attack
she'll be dead far before them because I
don't have any better soldiers that can
keep her alive and you can't recruit too
many soldiers because it costs 25 bucks
a recruit and you need that money for
other shit
a repeater that sounds fine yeah
fortunately the firepower anyway it's
only 5% but I'll take it
I had a nice my sniper I gave I gave my
sniper rifle a hair-trigger
which has a 10% chance of not costing
any action points to fire and I had a
great shot it was it was a 77% chance
shot and I missed it but then the
hair-trigger for yeah it's like a second
chance at it nailed it the second time
yeah what's 10 percent of 77 cuz I just
got it did you ever play the original
dass XCOM game yes yes you did
ok rich did I do not it's a good game it
gets later problem with it is the later
game it gets very micromanage II okay in
my opinion wasn't played right I talk
about this once before how I discovered
the original this the original X come
yeah cuz originally on a 5-7 years
however long ago was they were going to
reboot XCOM Wow and it was the a game it
eventually became XCOM the Bureau which
is like a shooter but they're gonna turn
X comedy like it was just a straight-up
shooter with some researching aspects
but the gameplay was gonna be a shooter
yeah
and obviously the the fan base of ex-con
was kind of really pissed off about that
hmm and I had never played an ex-con
before but I heard about the fan
outraged and I I sympathized I got I got
I got I can understand the rage and
something they loved being dumbed down
yeah cuz this you know this is an era
when it you know it from my point of
view
gamings been dumbed down since then it's
been years since there's been a good
space flight sim you know adventure
genre is just dead oh yeah they you know
they haven't made a great forex game and
forever I get it
but I've never played the original XCOM
but I sympathize and that actually made
me look into the classic game oh okay so
I only I only discovered XCOM F
the shitty attempt at a reboot and then
it was it was really fortunate it's like
it's just a year or two after that they
and I'm sent to be unknown oh look
they're doing it right oh nice so the
bad ex-con made me a fan just in time
for the great ex Kevin who just left
from Firaxis
I wanted to let us know that the voice
actor for the original Bradford is the
guy in the gray shirt in a Geico in the
Geico commercial I thought it was funny
in this Geico commercial huh did he oh
here he linked to it turn the shit off
can you tell me what old Bradford hold
on
little okay so this is Bradford gray
shirt
this guy I don't know that one that's a
very short commercial well that's not
the whole commercial yeah that's just a
clip yeah
okay good I know that guy you know I
know that commercial Thanks okay cool
Kevin linked it to it earlier I don't
know that I can pull this game out Jack
I think this is pretty fucked yeah yeah
okay pretty fox well yeah yeah yeah you
done you're done fucked you've done
fucked
I don't fucked up good you done fucked
up well I got two specialists oh I like
this ex-cons way Sam fuck you I said you
want to start over rich is that what
you're saying yeah we wouldn't we
wouldn't when do we start at 7:45 it's
almost three hours the fuck on the night
you want to be a dummy thanks cam yeah
okay sure all right sure all right you
know you wanted it you wanted two
dragons how long ago - wicked dragons
for an elevation yeah I mean if you're
doing if you're cool yeah I need to get
better yeah you did yeah I need to learn
like like like that X traction thing I
would have used it a lot sooner
I learned well that's that's what that's
what it's all about that's what it's all
about rich so do you want to dragons or
do you just want to call it what are you
what are you how do you feel do you or
do you want to go home and get good at
this I don't know they want you to get
good
yeah mr. glitch we will do another space
we're gonna do police quest - next
definitely well not one of these times
well some are saying I get good dragon
get good I'll get good involves me going
home right and and and relaxing
meditating and dragon they want me to
play X come Oh God that's I mean listen
I'm still working it out not stream
Super Smash Brothers
oh I haven't we haven't streams oh my
god there's so much stuff to stream
there's so much stuff to stream guys
just talk you just wants to talk
dragons dragons the witness play the
deadly tower of monsters yeah I saw that
one that's cute okay good it and get
good at dragons they're saying lots of
stuff they're saying lots of stuff here
rich
dude did it uh-oh I do I really want to
play Firewatch I'm looking forward to
playing Firewatch I've heard nothing but
good things about it
not tonight but soon Chetty and no I do
I do
