Episode 502
XCOM 2 Electric Boogaloo (Part 1)
April 11, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixcKkqASBK0
___________________________________________

years down the line what if you wanted
that one little bit of preview remember
i retested the audio remember that one
and only time we tested the audio jack
said that one thing and it's of the
utmost important no it's a life or death
matter but I can't remember what he said
oh no my hubris it's like I I just I
just want to listen to my to my old
friends Jack and Jay again if only I had
some sort of recording of them talking
obviously I don't I can't remember what
they sound like or look like there's no
existing video footage of them anywhere
every other bit of recording was wiped
out during the war the great YouTube
fair use wars of 2018 when the people
revolted there were no survivors never
no survive this is a is someone gonna
jam out earlier we have been hit by by
the way I'm commander commander
difficulty commander difficulty
previously recorded has been hit by
exactly 1 billion copyright claims in
the last week really yes
what happened just we just been hitting
no stuff hitting old videos hitting new
videos hitting all sorts of stuff and
here's the weird thing
yeah some of the hits let you know so
like Oh Nintendo claimed the Nintendo
music from Mario Kart 7 right
normal Nintendo is pretty strict about
that standards pretty strict about that
Activision claims the Call of Duty won
the Call of Duty won by the way we get
we got tweeted or someone asked us
recently like what happened to the Call
of Duty stream on YouTube
I can't view it in my country you can't
view that in any country hmm they the
one they claimed it they blocked it from
being viewed anywhere what's the
reasoning because because we use their
copyrighted material I this advert for a
game that's just advertisement oh sure
and I could if I wanted to I could
dispute the claim because we were also
talking over it
like there there is an argument for fair
use yeah pardon I don't really care
about call do that much so I'm not gonna
dispute it because if if I lose the
dispute then we get a strike but here's
the really weird part yeah there have
been claims against some of our video by
people who don't own the copyright yeah
geek and sundry do you know who they are
no idea even though that's Felicia days
website yeah geek and sundry can't claim
copyright on a shovel knight' video did
you dispute that well of course I
disputed that one and you know it was
like oh they won fair use to they don't
own the copyright it would clear up in a
day yeah that must have just been a
mistake on there okay but like it was a
quote mistake as in it's it's their
mistake that they thought you wouldn't
notice well that's this other the really
weird one is this one company has
flagged a couple of our videos and I've
noticed like that they're kind of a
shady looking YouTube channel yeah and
so I what I think they're doing is
flagging a bunch of people's videos in
the hopes that they can get ad revenue
from those people's videos without
people looking into it too much really
not people noticing or being too scared
to dispute it for fear of getting a
strike and everything Wow because
because their name kind of sounded
official but then if you google it it's
it's it's kind of a shady looking
nothing YouTube channel yeah I'm on it
yeah copyright Charles basically is what
I'm thinking YouTube systems fucked up
no not that anyone gives a shit but are
these just able to be viewed just no
they can't be monetized yes or no and
they can't be monetized by us yeah like
always all except for the Felicia Day
one will fuck them yep oh no I was gonna
say the the Call of Duty one no one can
view but but I think I think this is
their tactic is like oh I'll claim
copyright
I'll run ads on it and you know if I do
that to a thousand videos it's like I
have a thousand videos up
we explain the no cam and oh yeah oh
sorry sorry I just I just thought of
that I got into the thing oh so no oh no
game video guys what no game
Oh way it says no game videos guys
where's OB s how we need all temp to get
it well uh oh
tab no good oh did you oh it's on Game
Capture still oh oh wait oh wait I think
I know what I did did you I know I know
because it was that was the thing we
were playing list should still be set
for no Dragons Doug what was the thing
but the last things we was on my laptop
oh you guys all right let's help me
won't want your shit together okay I got
nothing together okay well so you you
heard a lovely story instead of seeing
any gameplay rich copyright roll has
seen which everyone hates anyway
apparently and rich you are playing on a
special difficulty right I'm playing on
commander commander difficult no I know
that special well special to me anyway
it's redemption for me because the last
time my streamed commander was my first
time playing the game and you were
viewing it did not go well you failed
miserably thank you jack it was great
yesterday you got my back it was great
because I I'm still playing on rookie
and getting my ass handed to me what
it's worth I'd beat the shit out of
veteran well there you go and it's easy
to beat the shit out of veterans their
old J they have combat also for anyone
curious today there'll be no face cam no
tip alert and no subscriber alert as I
am in need of more gameplay footage
which is what you're seeing right now so
I'm going to use this game play footage
in the review and so spoiler I like it
we were looking at videos of veterans no
no I was I was loading up my footage
that I was filming as I beat the shit
out of the veterans yesterday I like the
videotape but you know that's for fun
sure sure it's always a good idea to
videotape your your incriminating
actions yes that is that is always true
yeah and before anyone in the chat asks
I have not seen the which lots of people
are bugging me about that because they
all say it looks right up my alley but I
have not seen the witch yet no I hear
good things it looks great it's like
which about disgusting body horror no
but it's like like slow atmospheric Oh
God
Satanist horror film it's it's it is
right up my alley but I have not had a
chance to see it yet I've been editing
all weekend hopefully this week I will
see it sometime I'm hoping this week I
get to see that Deadpool I have not
seemed oh yeah that pull you up it's
been really upsetting I've been really
looking forward to see it and it's right
around the corner it's right on my
brother theater
I just haven't haven't got around to
that all the you know like it's doing
fine without me
that movie's totally clapping because
you didn't see it jack
it is insane how much money that movie
is making it's ridiculous I mean it's
great people like it yeah who would want
to watch an r-rated movie well that's
yeah we I mean we talked about that and
they have a bag episode you know what
cuz I don't say it enough fuck children
children and mothers with a stick up
their ass
you know what you know what's gonna
happen by the time they get to like
Deadpool part three that's one we'll
start to water it down
Deadpool three or four sure you can you
can quote me on this three or four will
be pg-13
I can guarantee it the tide will turn
and they'll go back to that I could see
that look at what happened to the police
academy sequels first ones are and then
they just water it down yeah
and Deadpool is just like police academy
known as the bean cars are gonna be
convinced that our rating is the reason
it's doing well for now but for now part
two will not do as well it'll do good
but it won't do as well and they'll say
well you know it didn't do as strong as
oh this operating gimmick is it might be
the r rating so maybe when we do the
third one will make it pg-13 that we can
open it up to wider audience they'll
completely forgotten everything that we
discovered from the success of the first
movie yep this is exactly what will
happen
I like Stephane I like his pony and knob
his ponytail his white ponytail you keep
Stefan keep that ponytail
don't let Stefan diet rich that's your
that's your goal right now anyone else
can die but not Stefan's find a fucking
song I would have brought him right
there the line of fire now don't you do
it look at his ponytail it's great no no
now Wolverine Wolverine is gonna be
rated R Wolverine should be rated R it
should of course the best thing in any
of those x-men movies is in x-men 2 when
there's that raid on the on the the
mansion yeah and he pulls out those
fucking claws and starts stabbing people
and you're like finally that's that's
Wolverines holster it doesn't need to be
graphic but we need to see him stabbing
more people yep agreed so if the final
because I think the next Wolverine movie
is his horse right yep so go out go out
in a blaze of glory of horrible glory
yes yes yeah Wolverine spawn those
things can be art I don't need a hard-r
Superman no or Captain America that's
fine the way those No
probably do need though speaking of what
is a Superman that's about two and a
half hours
oh yeah have you heard that rich Batman
vs Superman over two and a half hours
long that's too long
I mean most movies are too long but
that's for a Batman vs. Superman movie
no thank you
that's very long yeah and you know come
a lot of complex I'm sure there's gonna
be lots of dramatic have you heard about
that the whole like Warner Brothers are
scared that the movies too smart for
people because it's supposed to deal
with heavier issues we talked about this
a little bit on the last half of the bag
no I haven't I think that's like like
reverse psychology I think that's trying
to spin it like by them they're like
like trying to convince people that
their movies too smart so then people
will look at it in a different light you
know sure cuz that's bullshit I've seen
Zack Snyder movies there's nothing smart
about them they're trying to give the
talking points to their fans already yes
it's like the super PACs with
presidential campaigns where they can't
really talk to each other and so they're
giving the nerd boys like don't you
think it's too smart yeah people anyone
who hates it just doesn't get it
because we know Zack Snyder can handle
la subtlety and esteems like that part
in Man of Steel when Superman goes into
a church mm-hmm and there's a giant
Christ figure right behind his head so
subtle very subtle yeah ya know or like
it isn't it isn't there a part of the
movie when he's in space and he's
literally in the Christ pose like Christ
on the cross I'm trying to remember
because I only saw theater or I believe
I believe it's a shot of him descending
upon the north at something like that I
just remember reason like that yeah he's
on the cross of course
Suttles subtle
good job Ridge you removed that panic
someone just asked winter super hill
superhero films going to die when they
stop making money mm-hmm and that
doesn't look to be happening anytime
soon and and you know they don't have to
die no they don't have to die they also
don't have to be the only thing you know
me I love superhero films this weekend
just for the shit of it I watched Iron
Man 3 again I love mom I love all them
superhero films all the heroes all the
supers all of them I'll watch them all
but in the 1991 Captain America I
especially where else are you gonna get
that that's sweet outrunning Ned Beatty
that whole movie is worth it for that
one moment right I'm glad I watched it
just for that fucking hate rookies I'm
sorry rich you're kind of getting your
ass handed to you again pardon me can
you fuck off I could you can you do that
I absolutely I really need you to fuck
off right now
fucking rookies yeah yeah sorry oh she
deserved it okay from oh oh she's on the
panicked right yeah yeah yeah yeah
soon as super was a good movie I still
have not gotten around to see super oh
you gotta watch super it's so good I'm
not huge on Ellen Page and I'm not huge
and Rainn Wilson Rainn Wilson is great
in it I like Ellen Page in it I remember
Mike didn't like Ellen Page in it yeah
and I can understand if you don't like
her in it I do but it's worth it just
for the story and the the the weird tone
and I think Rainn Wilson is good 'not
too I think he's used appropriately that
was a James Gunn right yeah yeah I
didn't watch another James Gunn movie oh
I saw you tweeted something about
scooby-doo why would you watch that I
mean I watched it just because I was
curious because it was James Gunn but I
immediately regretted it like once it
started the the children are going
through a fairly large scooby-doo phase
okay Helmand and there is a new
scooby-doo cartoon I've heard the new
cartoon is pretty clever because it's
written by like people that grew up on
horror films so there's like references
to like pinhead from the Hellraiser
movies and shit like that which is kind
of interesting
no and it's and the cartoon is fun and
you know they've they've taken away all
sort of subtlety and it's all like
science ghosts aren't real lets science
this out oh really and it's great and
it's it's I mean I always hated the old
cartoon yeah I never liked scooby-doo
and so then they see in the Netflix
there's a real-life scooby-doo we should
watch that nope and we've always been
able to skirt him away from it
oh no until this week I can't even
believe this shit I can't fucking
believe it
yo it's the same guy left just start
over start it again why you only have
one guy left
yeah what happens if you lose this
mission uh you start are you gonna lose
this mission no okay well I might the
way the random number generator has been
treating me sir
did your kids like the Scooby Doo yes oh
they did they do they know that there's
a second one yes they do
oh no thanks Netflix thanks you might
also enjoy Netflix the second one has
scrappy doing it the first one has
scrappy doing it
Oh is he in the first one no does he
turn out to be the villain that's the
first one oh I thought that was the
second one is si that's a clever idea
cuz everybody hates scrappy-doo so it's
like makes gravity do the villain that's
funny
spoiler alert oh Jesus Christ scooby-doo
scooby-doo movie anyone that's watching
this that's genuinely interested in the
scooby-doo movie you deserve to have it
spoiled they loved it they because in
the beginning of the scooby-doo movie
scrappy-doo pees on Daphne oh that's
right that's somebody's fetish by the
way and that's why they kick scrappy-doo
off of the team that's right I'm yeah
yeah and they buy vague memories of
those and then in the middle of the
movie Shaggy and Scooby have a burping
and farting competition of course of
course to see who can burp and fart more
for the kids for the kid and they did
they loved it
they look sa Matthew Lillard is a pretty
great stud shaggy shaggy pretty great
shaggy yeah the the amount of cleavage
was uncomfortable they even make don't
they make Velma hot in it or is that the
second one there's one where all of a
sudden she becomes super hot well I mean
it might be in the second movie you know
she's an attractive lady and then I'll
know but not in like her regular office
she's wearing like like a like a bondage
outfit or something oh I didn't see that
might be the second one I didn't watch
the whole movie there is a point in the
movie where she ditches her orange
turtleneck for a very low-cut orange
t-shirt okay rich everyone's dead Hey oh
I thought my one guy made it no just him
absolutely that's Lindsay weird from
freaks and geeks is Velma oh yeah she's
yeah
there you go have you ever watched
freaks and geeks for a couple it's so
good it's great it's one of the best
shows thanks fine
everything's fine it's it's the Wonder
Years without the schmaltz Elmo is
always hotter than Daphne is what
they're saying Bella is always huh you
know they're there right yeah all right
they're right but you know watching it
with you're watching it with your
children and you see all the boob meat
yeah say you know that's that's one of
those things where like with kids movies
where they attempt to make like it's a
kids movie but there's stuff that adults
will enjoy too but in a movie like that
where the balance is just a little off
just a hair uncomfortable and there and
then there's a scene where Fred and
Daphne's mind get exchanged and so
Fred's mind is in Daphne's body and he
looks down his own shirt okay panic is
Rowan Atkinson in that movie or is it a
second one that's this is the first one
maybe I never saw the second one maybe I
thought I saw the second one I actually
saw the first one I'm okay not having
very strong memories of the movie it's
alright with me
no and Elsa who the comedic actress red
hair
heels uh from wedding crashers the
redhead from wedding cro isla fisher
easel of fisher is in it i have no
memory that she's she's Shaggy's love
interests okay because everyone needs a
love interest you try it oh you give
them all epitaphs I liked his hair Jack
likes you so thanks rich
impressive capable of generating mince
pie your completely harmless
isla is pronounced isle er I don't
believe you okay I just got more coffee
going crazy tonight with the coffee to
it I don't even give a fuck do it do it
when is scooby-doo going to die when it
stops making money just like any
anything just like any just like
superhero movies it's just I'm kind of
amazed by how long live that franchise
head is considering how and there's
nothing to it it's on it's so unsexy
it's not like there's some powers and
they they fight the evil army of destroy
a corpse flower out the cou cows anyone
remember when they did the updated
Looney Tunes where they were like
superheroes does anyone write stream
maybe 10 years ago yeah what over like a
wet fart what was that called so what
did the channel what was that called
when they tried to make superhero Looney
Tunes unleashed is that it it sounds
familiar Looney Tunes unleash unleashed
lose they were so restrained before or
or lunatics is that it like how the
coyote kept trying to eat that bird
alive Oh actually it was both of them it
was called loonatics unleashed someone
related to looney tunes just died I
think the voice of Daffy Duck just died
oh and there was a new bugs as everyone
was I fix some bugs I thought well Mel
blanks been gone for a while yeah he's
been dead for a long time I thought it
was Daffy maybe he doesn't both boys
could be I don't know we talked about
who else has died everybody more people
died this week everybody's dying done
this week today or maybe it was
yesterday but it was announced today the
cinematographer for the original Indiana
Jones movies died but he was like a
hundred and three he was old as fuck
he was old when his crystal school came
out yeah well he didn't do that because
he was so old he's too old yes I was a
cinematographer say I'm too old yeah
can't do that one no his last movie was
Last Crusade which is a nice way to go
out yeah but yeah he just died George
Gaines died who was coming up with
starred in the police academy movie is
oh he was on Punky Brewster
of course he's one of those ones he said
what I'm shocked wasn't dead a while ago
yeah when I saw that he died I was like
oh okay Oh finally he was pretty old too
I thought he had already done that
finally not because that's a horrible
thing oh it's about it's an essay about
an innocent person yeah George Gaines
should we play the who's next game no
God no I'm gonna I'm next high profile
death Stanley oh and that's pretty
likely Harper Lee Oh Harper Lee just
died oh yeah yeah Andres umlauts key the
director of that movie I'm obsessed with
possession oh he just died he was all
cancer yeah yeah he had a movie it was
announced like this is like the David
Bowie thing all over again
he had a movie that I think it just got
picked up for us release like the day
before he died he hadn't made a movie in
like 15 years or something huh they had
this movie that he's finished and just
got picked up for distribution and then
he died the next day I've the only movie
I've ever seen by him is possession it's
the only he's like a Polish filmmaker
it's the only one that's in English
that's not why it's the only one I
haven't seen but it's the only one I've
seen and it's the best movie ever so oh
so he just died is there is there a
point where you shouldn't feel bad when
someone dies ah well I mean you feel
worse when it's someone you have some
sort of an artist that you feel some
sort of a connection with the guy I like
I don't feel bad that George Gaines died
I like the police academy movies I
didn't feel anything other than oh
that's unfortunate
yes remember uh George Steinbrenner yeah
owner of the Yankees and I remember when
he died there's like it's like was 97
years old he's you're talking old yeah I
was thinking to myself how can anyone
feel bad about him dying not not because
he's a horrible person not be
you don't like the Yankees just saying
as far as a human life can go oh sure
men man had everything he could ever
want he had money he had the most
successful baseball team of all time
because it was and he died in his
nineties oh yeah at some point you have
to say well you really could have dirty
better that's all yeah he's good I think
that's how I'll feel understand lead oh
yeah he's in his 90s yes he should
happen anytime now like he's had a good
run mmm he hasn't legacy he's left
behind a lot of great things then on
that was my next point is Stanley in
that category yeah yeah I think he is
you know it's the the only problem is
reportedly Stanley is just the nicest
guy yeah and so just not having him here
oh sure
is that oh yeah I mean there's that
element to George Steinbrenner I'm
pretty sure he was a prick I certainly
wouldn't say I want Stanley to die
that's exactly what you're saying
there's just some human lives where you
just look retrospective there's nothing
they would have done differently yeah oh
yeah yeah he's still active though
that's also different like the guy the
cinematographer for Indiana Jones like
he hasn't done anything
he retired in 1989 you know and not let
me die did 103 years old it's different
when it's someone like Stan Lee that is
like continually out there and working
on things it's a cow man like they're
still active and then they pass away I
think that's better actually than just
like like fading into obscurity and
you're the last 20 years of your life
although did you there was there was
probably one of the most painful
articles I've ever read the other week
Stan Lee's eyes are going oh yeah and he
that's no longer able to read what's
that that's gut-wrenching you can afford
to have a speedy interpretation reading
is this man's life you know
so that was that was a hard one too it's
it's hard getting it it's always
unfortunate too and it's someone that it
feels like they're still relatively
young like Wes Craven that one got to me
because he was he's in his 70s which is
that old and he has fucking brain cancer
or David Bowie everyone everyone did
zero Lawsky the director possession he
had cancer everyone's dying of cancer
right now just all of a sudden thought
cancer would kill people's it's mean
it's a lot of cancer deaths right in a
row and it's unfortunate some people
that where it feels like they're still
doing things you know that's that's know
and you know like Stanley he's not too
much in the creating side anymore you
know he's yours
but he's still such a public figure much
no he still is he's still making shit
it's terrible oh really oh yeah I don't
I didn't I thought he was just like a
poster boy yes stuff like for the sci-fi
channel all the time like hell he'll
like have shows that his company
produces last thing I remember him doing
was stripper Ella oh yeah that cartoon
yeah yep I forgot about that
there's stuff he does there they're
gonna be like shitty CGI Stanley cameos
after he's gone that's the question oh
no that would be unfortunate that is
without spoilers since Jackie you
haven't seen Deadpool but if God forbid
if Stanley dies tomorrow
his last cameo in a Marvel movie is that
is Deadpool mmm it'd be pretty great
okay I and is because it's very
different
I'd assumed he was in it is yeah well
that goes without saying
is there a Marvel movie that he isn't in
is he in Iron Man 3 I don't remember
seeing daredevil he's in Iron Man 3 the
whole movie he's six count but that was
before that was like a thing though it
was Iron Man that started like Stan Lee
does a cameo in every oh no no he was in
the spider-man oh that's right he was no
cab so I guess that kind of started it
so I'm gonna say oh yeah I'm gonna say
yes he said I think he I believe he's in
every single Marvel everything okay
blade I bet he's in boy hold on I I have
I know he's in all like the Disney
Marvel ones that's kind of what I'm
think
no he's in although the the Deadpool
movie isn't a Disney Marvel that's uh I
think Fox yeah he's in that so I don't
know looking him up he's probably in all
of the Disney ones since Disney had that
that's what I think of when I think of
it he's an old though looking it up
there's a little picture right here he
has frequently he has like drawn in
cameos in the comic books oh really
constantly yeah okay just background guy
looks like Stan let's see that you can
continue after he goes away I don't want
to see CG Stanley I don't think they
would do that that probably that seems
disrespectful
they don't care yes nobody he is in the
commercial with with Marilyn Monroe and
William Dafoe Willem Dafoe William Dafoe
Willem Willem is really people call him
William it's Willem I had no idea I have
not seen this commercial I actually had
no idea yeah Willem Dafoe no it's
because everybody mispronounces it it's
doing that the the dress being blown up
singing him Dafoe dressed like Marilyn
Monroe complaining and then I forget
what it is
so it's Willem Dafoe and drag yes that's
the most terrifying thing I've ever
heard of but the point is they do said
they sell they give the product to
William Willem Dafoe okay and then it
suddenly it's Marilyn Monroe and she's
all sweet okay I have not that sounds
like the right boy default was supposed
to be like Marilyn Monroe only cranky
okay until she got the thing that
commercial was for which which says it's
a bad commercial because I have no
recollection was new commercial or
recent something I think I saw on
YouTube I don't watch right of the TV
anymore I guess never seamless what a
very strange thing Stan Lee is in half
like their double okay believe it or not
I haven't seen that movie since theater
I haven't felt any urge to revisit it
young daredevil stops him from walking
into the street while reading a
newspaper you know what I do remember
that now that you mention it okay there
you go he's in all all right he's the
the only one that's slightly
questionable is in the new daredevil TV
series he there is a picture of him in a
police station now
doesn't count and count there's a is he
on Jessica Jones he is not run maybe it
was on Jessica Joe hold on
I was just on here oh maybe he's not on
Jessica Jones you know I tried watching
the first episode of that Jessica Jones
yeah and I couldn't follow what the fuck
was happening and I gave up like ten
minutes in I gave it like immediately
I'm gonna go back and like I need to pay
attention to it I think I just wasn't in
the right mindset but it I was like what
is this I don't get it immediately click
and I shut it off so I'll come I'll go
I'll get back to it eventually but it
ends really strong okay I've heard it's
great so I do want to watch it but is I
think I just wasn't in the headspace to
watch it when I started I could say that
what is this wait a good a girl wearing
jeans I'm out hello Otto's jeans look
terrible those jeans look terrible
maybe she maybe he's not in Jessica
Jones I don't see one for Jessica Jones
but this could be an old list that I'm
looking at no Kim no tips tonight
that's true no km note to if you tip we
will still say something like like for
example the off switch
gave us the tips that says they didn't
water down police academy a Robocop they
diluted it with cold piss okay this is
what this is what the off switch is
saying I I would definitely say that was
with Robocop 3 well that movie is so
fucking lame there you go
I still haven't seen it you're fine
without seeing it was Robocop 3 the one
with the the Japanese cyborgs yeah which
ok you say that there's like ninja
cyborgs
Robocop with a jetpack yep how do you
make that so boring it's not it's
awesome I don't know I don't know it's
boring as shit that movies terrible it
sounds like it would be awesome when you
say those things out loud but the movie
itself has done the lamp post in one
swing goes off couldn't done the lean
movie
there you go I've been catching up
speaking of Marvel everything on agent
Carter did you have your say it's cute
it's good I like it
it's it's all like it's it's all like
like Mike's character from space cop you
know everybody kind of talks like this
right now like happened it was it he did
that air on TV or was it like a web show
TV what what network was it on ABC
it wasn't even but it's not it's it's
just a it's miniseries it's not like a
like a show okay it's a show but oh my
god my show but not a show it's like a
show but not a show it's a miniseries
it's not a regular it's too so far it's
too miniseries okay it's got that lady
it's got that lady what's her name
Jessica Jones
that's who plays what's her face the
lady that plays what's her face
agent Carter Carter I don't know what
her name is um
I can't think of her name either she's
not an episode of black mirror she's not
one of the best episodes of black mirror
no she's good yeah I like her I like her
um but one small ball says speaking of
dead celebrities are there any who you
won't care if they die if they died yes
most of them pretty much 99% of them and
how long will Steven Seagal last he's
looking a bit chunky Beast
oh who gives a shit hey he's one I will
have no emotional response to when he
passes away
I was about to say the exact same thing
they don't actively root for anyone's
death but there are many that just won't
affect me yeah Steven Scott Steven
Seagal might affect me even a little bit
cuz I've seen it enough of his movies
where it's like okay maybe even a little
bit he'll affect me but so many
celebrities a lot and poke Alex in the
eye and a car caught on fire yeah well
Epoque Alex in the eye I'm not going to
read that or maybe wait oh sorry that
was the wrong one that was wrong
poke Alex in the eye says am I crazy or
did rlm move Studios none of the doors
look the same none of the doors look the
same Jay I'm sorry that the doors look
different to you also did you notice
that the couches are red now why isn't
everything exactly the same all the time
what you do with the couches it's you're
sitting on one right now
oh my god it's fucking conspiracy fuck's
sake
I saw someone a little bit earlier in
the chat mentioned as we're talking
about celebrities we won't feel anything
for they've said what about George Lucas
that's a very mixed emotions kind of
thing so Farrah Mixon I'm not a huge
Star Wars fan so I won't give a shit but
you can't deny his importance sure in
the world of pop filmmaking sure not
even just popular filmmaking but like
thx 1-1 3-8 I think is a fantastic movie
I mean and I I will truly and absolutely
mourn his death he's I don't know if I'm
more knit I don't I don't know even
people that I'll be sad when they die I
don't know if mourn is the right word
but you would not have your current job
oh sure
that's not something time without George
no no no no but no no no not even like
the Star Wars stuff yeah
George Lucas you just mean as far as
filmmaking and imagination no no no what
do you talk about I guess I should stop
interrupting explain thank you sorry
I've been drinking a lot of coffee
George Lucas was an incredible driving
force
behind digital editing that's true we
would not have final cut we would not
have premiere we would not have the
things that we use every single day
without George Lucas we I mean we might
have them in some other fashion he
pushed he was a pioneer and he pushed
that stuff forward now he used his own
money to do it
Star Wars whatever the Sowers is pretty
important to Star Wars whatever the the
the things that man did with technology
is an important part of my everyday life
yeah that's true
and just one of the most fascinating
people that's ever existed in the world
of art and filmmaking that's true he's
such an anomaly and we will never
understand him there's so many things so
many questions that will never get
answered when he dies mm-hmm he's an
enigma yes he's an enigma wrapped in
flannel that's good
telegin what we're just on people dying
today
this is this is where the conversation
is do you think Trump will die in his
presidency oh God
I mean if he makes it no but he won't
make it doesn't here's the thing if he
makes presidency we're all going to die
incredibly accurate
yeah incredibly accurate and Jay where
do you see yourself in the next 100
years
dead there you go that's probably
accurate
but based off of current average life
expectancies yeah that's dead in a pine
box in an urn oh I don't get annoying
somewhere blowing in the wind I want to
go out I think this was a George Carlin
bed I want someone to put me into a
cannon and shoot me right into a brick
wall fuck this game just see what
happens yeah I don't care what they do
with my body when I'm dead I could not
care less honestly you'll be dead come
completely fuck this game you're playing
on a very hard difficult I've played on
this difficulty before it has not gone
this disaster I'm very sorry rich I'm
very very sorry purple space bazooka
says hey guys great to hear all three of
you together again if possible can you
guys say something encouraging I'm
having a rough time job hunting and I
got rejected again today you'll be so
much happier once you have a miserable
job that makes you want to die as close
as you'll get there gene from Ridge you
know what you can do it I believe you
keep your head up perseverance and that
sort of takes there you go keep moving
forward mm-hm
here's words of wisdom from the John
Cusack film better off dead
go that go forward really fast if
something gets in your way turn so there
you go that's incredible day that's
incredible
nailed it yeah
I also like the part in that movie when
the cheeseburger starts dancing that's
an okay part that's have you ever seen
that movie better up done
I did I had nightmares who wasn't that
the French foreign exchange surgeon was
like living with Oh Ricky Ricky Ricky
Ricky
Schmidt Smits something like that oh and
you know like I saw that right around
like you know teenage sex drive time and
you're just thinking of all the things
he was doing it's like the grossest
weird my favorite part of that whole
movie and I I mean I've been watching
that movie since high school every few
years already watch it oh sure you watch
it with people cause it's a comedy
whatever yeah there's a part that always
makes me laugh super hard and I've never
watched it with anyone that that laughs
at it it's during the the dance there's
the school dancing you know of course
and featuring the titular song featuring
the titular song sung by Dottie from
pee-wee's big adventure but there's a
part when John Cusack and the French
girl are outside talking and Ricky he's
been out looking for her and he runs up
to him he has a balloon and he
accidentally loses the balloon and for a
second he turns around and he does this
half-assed leap towards it and then he
just goes back to going back towards the
junky second the French girl oh no that
happens in the background yeah it's just
the tiny little Vova this it's like the
most hilarious part of the whole movie
and nobody ever laughs at it oh it's
such a half-assed attempt to rescue his
little balloon what a great little
absurd movie yeah it is that kind of
comedy should not exist in that like
space of the late 80s yeah that because
I was all like the John Hughes movies
and yeah it was a weird movie very weird
I know you neither have you been paying
attention to anything that's been going
on now all that bullshit yeah all of
that bullshit flawless
three rookies and a support a specialist
flawless congratulations congratulations
rich Evans flawless victory I just got
done with a month and and the
administrator told me that my efforts
have been we see this month the council
feels like your efforts have been
mediocre and I was like oh don't
it's stunk no and this better off dead
also the I always get them confused the
unofficial was crazy I was one crazy
summer with yes anymore and John Cusack
right yes very similar tone and style of
humor and it also stars John Cusack but
he's not the same character right it's
not as good mmm
it's the one I watched I don't think I
saw one crazy summer tillers a little
bit older but I saw are no better off
debt I didn't see till I was older
mm-hmm I saw one crazy summer a lot when
I was really little it was on cable all
the time so that was the one I was more
familiar with for the longest time yes I
saw better off dad and I was like this
is the better version of one crazy
summer oh actually a one small-ball
sorry I missed this before said when I
die I want George Lucas to lower me into
my grave so he can let me down one more
time it's a bastardization of another
joke I approve kind of order so now you
got a specialist he got Thor derp I have
a shot better I refused to call them
Thor disorder authorities fucking
useless and I knew it was gonna be
fucking useless when they revealed this
board has it has Authority have no place
in X come and and the gameplay has has
proven that out no you know we're
fucking useless you get you get the you
get Jack shit you get the sword is more
powerful and then you get the movement
after you shut those more powerful no
but one of your upgrades makes the sword
more powerful the shotgun on the whole
is still more powerful and and it's it's
not as okay just okay rushing forward to
the sword and then like three more
groups of enemies suddenly notice you
it's worthless
it's fucking worthless I mean you might
be right
bill hecka says better off dead is an
underrated classic so here's two dollars
that for the newspaper deliverable how
about by two dollars I feel like that
movies kind of forgotten no one really
talks about it anymore
cousin waves I guess we'll bring it back
we'll bring the wave back now let's use
our indoor voice Rick Perry you're new
to our stream rich has no indoor voice
look it's my only it's my only
marketable skill that's true this is
really true I don't know if I would call
it marketable or a skill low also true I
think it's it's just a thing that it
that is that's the way it is
see I think and you know to talk about
the Ford a little bit more the the Thor
does not use a moment and so I I like to
save Oh what about one of the gun mods
lets you have a couple free reloads sure
oh hey without anything you can get your
Ranger in there clean up a guy and then
and then alright I was having I actually
before I came here last night hmm
III had a rage deletion of an iron man
safe oh yeah it was a rage deletion I'll
admit it okay because Ranger my favorite
class I had a range it was just kicking
all kinds of ass and I ran into a
situation I liked one debt that whole
fucking game
I'm commander difficulty okay and there
was a mission where I have one one dude
left and I had a torrid but they're not
that big a deal and everyone else had
already used the reactions except for my
ranger I couldn't get in a line of sight
without dashing so in order to take the
guy out
say now 91% chance I'll use my sword
because I'm looking at the flashing bar
how much life will take off it'll kill
him
right over there slice um oh he's got
one good health left next turn he he
blows away my my favorite soldier dead
because because third a gun Floyd's a
badass sword I didn't want to do it I
wanted to shoot him in the face but I
could not get a line aside otherwise and
I actually raged deleted the game I had
I had a fuckload of Engineers all my
other soldiers were leveling up nicely
even alright you know what the the
character portion you can get like old
characters back and deaf characters I
had Bradford was one of my soldiers was
kind of neat they didn't care I was like
a fuck you game on the iron man save
fuck Thorne rich does not like that my
XCOM damnit not in my ex Cobb I'd like
I'd like four fucking engineers it was
like month to over three I'm bear I'm
very sorry and the force myself to stop
drinking coffee you could stop drinking
coffee I think you left the room cuz I
was talking about Thord the next come
doesn't doesn't help
how dare you talk about the games are
played on the video game stream
if I realize the tactical advantage of
gunslingers yeah I had just avoid the
snipers entirely I would rather have
more grenadiers and Rangers even the
specialist I think is is better than the
Sharpshooter and XCOM oh yeah I've never
seen any reason to play around with that
side of the tree yeah I like my snipers
hey you know why because they can stay
far enough away where I can get maybe
two shots on an enemy before they killed
snipers in this game have relatively bad
aim and not Mossberg yeah I've had so
many snipers miss and what is yes I in a
sniper yeah I want to see like 90
percent to hit shots not 70 that's too
many misses sure boss they're not doing
enough damage to kill things they're not
doing the two other things I need a
sniper to do they're not doing either I
don't use them I'm sorry I'm very
opinionated when it comes to XCOM as you
should be as you should be did you have
you crossed the thousand hour mark yet
and XCOM one no biggest at this one oh
that's right yeah you were at like 93 or
something 990 guys yeah crosses just to
say he did it's been you know I've been
building up over years I'll get there
sooner or later was that a rush
Lord Belmont no Jay has not seen the
witch yet I have not see update for
anyone that wasn't here on the stream
started I have not seen the witch yet I
really want to it looks fantastic it
looks right up my alley I haven't had
time yet
it'd be like it wouldn't because you do
every hour you stand up yes right I do
want to do so maybe every hour I'll
remind people I haven't seen the witch
when did we start has it been an hour I
don't know hold on
central
we have Tao we have ten more minutes
okay we have ten I had a schedule for
the watch time to stand up in another
hour I'll remind you okay I'm not CJ has
already stand it up yes to take a drink
of water so he doesn't have to but in
about 10:00 now I'm going to set my
timer I forgot to set my timer for 10
minutes to talk about britches fantastic
performance in space cough no jokes
mr. Evans acting job ever I'm not I'm
not sure what sarcasm fine job I saw a
review the other day I was the worst
thing about the movie there are reviews
of it now a couple oh that's good no
there can't be reviews because we made
it bad on purpose so as a way to deflect
criticism oh and that's worked out
really well because nobody has expressed
any opinion on the movie as a result of
that what do you would you like that was
really smart
would you like to dress the making a bad
movie on purpose coming um I mean I
don't you know here's the thing people
are entitled to their opinions the
movies out there yeah I'm not going to
actively defend it or deflect criticism
or anything because everyone's up you
know inside of their opinion it's very
you wanted to make a funny movie some
people think it's funny and that was the
goal if you don't like it I'm sorry it's
just the movie we made we did not
attempt to make a bad movie on purpose
that's the only thing that has been
confusing to me is that criticism mm-hmm
it's like we just have kind of a
tongue-in-cheek sense of humor about the
fact that we have no budget but it's not
like we're not having the boom fall into
frame and shit yeah I like what I think
of making a bad movie on purpose I think
of that yes you know we just this our
sense of humor it's this it's the same
sense of humor we've always had which is
why it's weird to me that some people
would single it out with space cop I
think it's I think it's a matter of
definition you're gonna call it a bad
movie or a low-budget movie right and
we're not making a low-budget movie on
purpose because we have a low budget
right right I think I think no one you
know what I think it's part of the fault
of those comments right it's all Jimmy :
didn't to get a job people see that
opening and they said the CGI work they
didn't know this is supposed to be a
quality Hollywood film yeah maybe it's
like no we just got lucky with these two
guys I'm sorry but that makes it funnier
to me when you cut from that to a little
toy car in front of green if you want to
classify that as bad on purpose I guess
to me it's just funny so I don't know I
mean I'm not like bitter you know a lot
of people like the movie some people
don't like it that's what happens when
you release a movie here's here's how
you know the names if we're doing if we
were doing bad on purpose oh you would
know you would see the boom mic and like
exactly exactly that's the reason like
god I always compare like as I always
taught bring up sharknado that to me is
like the height of cynicism that movie
yeah cuz that's like cuz it's made by
the asylum which is a company that is on
record as saying the goal of their
movies is to trick people like they
release those those blockbuster knockoff
movies the mach busters mm-hm
that's their goal and so they make these
like sharknado movies where they're
meant to appeal to people that like
something like Birdemic so it's like
they're making they're artificially
manufacturing a bad movie which i think
is horrible
which is why i don't have any interest
in those sharknado movies I've seen a
bit of the first one and it's like okay
I get it you can't replicate that you
know like a bad movie has to be genuine
so you know I mean we weren't trying to
do that we were just trying to make
something that we thought was funny and
I'm happy with all the movie came out so
so there's that well I think it's good
thank you jack I haven't bias
you have no bias whatsoever it's weird
for me because I'm always uncomfortable
watching myself on a camera yeah and I'm
like in almost every fucking senior
space cop yeah frenzy was different cuz
I was basically a glorified
Kamio there was a cameo you're the
villain yeah but you aren't the Odyssey
right yeah space cop it's like all me be
me and I'm just so self-conscious oh
sure I can understand that I like you in
the movie mm-hmm I think it works yeah I
can't even go back and watch our like
old like high school yeah okay oh god
I'm watching myself oh gutter stars says
hiya sorry if this has been asked
recently but I was wondering if Karen
would be returning to the stream
sometimes rather enjoy her presence
thanks for your time probably I can't
see why not it'll be probably sporadic
like it's been dangle mochi b85 would
like to tip and say would people
complain as much about XCOM to timers if
modding wasn't available would they also
mod blood-borne to allow game saves any
time if possible I want to say something
about the ex complainant oh sorry go
ahead ex-con timer yep right now know
that that second stream we had you know
is kind of complaining oh just a few
more turns a few more turns but I you
know people were telling me about the
monster no but I I want to get it out
see what the developers had in mind
yeah at this point I I think they were
timed perfectly no I I'm kind of amazed
they'd balance it I've failed very few
missions because of the timer mm-hmm
it's it's forced me to take risks which
is I sure is what they wanted and I
almost always make it with aid Turner to
despair at least frequently more so your
message to people who say that they try
a broken is get good get gored or maybe
maybe turn the mod off just for a bit
and see how you feel about it after some
hours playing with the timer
I like the timer like he said it forces
you to panic it forces you to try things
you normally wouldn't oh I got a - I got
a - I'm gonna run out of time I got a -
what was the last part of that would
they also mod blood-borne to allow game
saves any time if possible some people
don't appreciate a challenge
I agree mokey
saving any time you want she's something
I'm like that's something I like this is
it's part of the game also can I just
say how I love your Quasimoto ass
grenadier grinning oh I got the big gun
I'm ready I got the big gun Grenadier by
the way J it's not Grenadier
oh that's good cuz I was getting that
horribly confused for the longest time
this word that I just learned I was
calling them grenadiers cuz like they'd
be like a like a person that grenades
people right with a grenade but
apparently the proper way to say that is
Grenadier okay like penis uh spy net
three one five hey guys I'm a huge fan
would you please consider watching the
1993 movie Robot Wars on best of the
worst
now it's boring there's your answer
that's your answer I've seen it it's no
robot jocks it's a semi official sequel
because it's made by the Charles Bay on
the same company or same producer uh-huh
but it's really boring
no well there you go the only good thing
about it is that Barbara Crampton is in
it 80s 80s Queen Barbara Crampton who I
love but I decide from that it's boring
you know we were complaining about robot
jocks there's like a big fight at the
beginning there's not another one till
the end yeah it's like even more sparse
the robot stuff because it's a lower
budget movies so they couldn't do much
with the robots in it
so there wasn't even like a dramatic
climbing to the ceiling scene no no that
was very memorable the jungle gym of
death of the jungle Lord Belmont says
when you see the witch Jay yes it's
probably best if there isn't a big
audience all right you know I've heard
some people are reacting and this
doesn't surprise me because this
happened with like babadook can happen
with it follows like slow more subtle
horror movies people say are boring now
because they're I guess because they're
used to like
but like found-footage crap like that
type of stuff or I've heard some people
laugh which is interesting to me because
it's like you could say that same thing
about something like The Shining like
depending on the audience you're seen
with or the mood they're in like The
Shining can be pretty fucking funny it's
a terrifying movie but sure you can look
at it from the minds different mindset
and it's funny sure and there should be
that that thin line I loved Exorcist 3
there's parts in Exorcist 3 that I know
people would laugh at mm okay so I've
heard that about the witch I've heard
people say that some people find it
funny oh and I'm surprised Time Lord
Belmont that's the word but want them
jump-scares from what I understand the
witch is not a jump-scare movie by any
means well I mean it just sucks when you
are ready when you're not in the same
mood as the rest of the audience yeah
yeah even if like what's what comedy did
I see oh like way way back in the day my
brother and I went to go see Ted movie
that I still think is very funny and
like I was just in the right mood that
movie caught all my funny bones chair
just rubbed the funny bone up and down
back and forth that it worked the funny
bone I get it again you get it yes okay
good but the the rest of the audience
just was not there they were not really
ready to laugh and I enjoyed myself up
there we go see I'm usually on the
opposite end it's usually I'm the one
not laughing because I there's a lot of
comedies that just do not make me laugh
oh yes rich is playing and for anyone
who has been sitting this entire stream
my timer just went off
stand up it's been an hour like me I've
been sitting I got up like 10 minutes
ago so I'm good but I will just just so
I stay on a regimented schedule that
sticks with Jack standing up
a reminder to people just showing up I
have not seen the witch yet I repeat I
have not seen the witch yet okay I have
been editing all weekend so hopefully
this week I will see it and as far as if
we'll do a half in the bag on it it's
unlikely because I think it's gonna be
one of those movies that falls through
the cracks we just put out an episode we
actually have another one ready to go so
it would be several weeks a couple weeks
anyway before we would even get a chance
to then by that point it might be too
old so maybe in like an update video
maybe your end yes I saw this year
whenever one of our ketchup episodes
maybe we'll see a baby and I always
catch shit for it I'm sorry I don't care
about Blade Runner
what would stylistically that's things
just a boring movie visually it's a
fantastic movie and I want to love it I
love so many elements of it but I just
do not care about anything that's
happening in it ever
I keep trying I try to like that movie
no it's fair sometimes you're just not
even though if something can be
technically good you're just not into it
yeah and that's okay that one that one
bothers me that I don't like it though
like it actively bothers me because I
want to yeah it seems like the type of
movie that I should love but story-wise
I just don't care I'm very sorry I'm so
into it yeah I'm doing I try every few
years i rewatch it but I never get I
hoping I'll get more out of it and I
just don't I think at this point it's
safe to call I know I still like looking
at it though like it's a great looking
movie but Blade Runner yeah I don't know
what they plan on doing with it but I
don't have any strong feelings towards
blade runner's so it doesn't matter to
me and I always catch shit for it
I'm sorry I don't care about Blade
Runner love it's stylistically that's
the thing just a boring movie visually
it's a fantastic movie and I want to
love it I love so many elements of it
but I just do not care about anything
that's happening in it ever
I keep trying I try to like that movie
no it's fair sometimes you're just not
even though if something can be
technically good you're just not into it
yeah and that's okay
that one that one bothers me that I
don't like it though like it actively
bothers me because I want to yeah it
seems like the type of movie that I
should love mmm but story-wise I just
don't care
I'm very sorry I'm so into it yeah I'm
good I'm diggin I try every few years i
rewatch it but I never get I hoping I'll
get more out of it and I just don't I
think at this point it's safe to call I
know I still like looking at it though
like it's a great looking movie but
later under that hot wife that you just
would you wish would shut up I want to
say the game real quick is something I
had a little turn or two at home okay I
kind of love that aliens like what
everyone else around them has died they
will retreat and join another pod that's
wandering around yes they didn't do that
before oh really
yeah oh no like oh fuck I'm getting out
of here and that's that's kind of great
especially later on in the game I think
the enemy AI is very well done some
sometimes in the beginning of the game
you know you run into a guy who'll just
stop moving right in front of you so you
can sort him really quickly button I
agree I like the AI I stopped playing
veteran when there was I beat the game
I'm betting that I started up a new game
and unlike the first mission I had a
soldier that was both wounded and Flint
instead the enemy took a shot at
somebody else who was behind cover and
I'm like oh they have the kid gloves on
I have to go up a notch
Lloyd beats Jay
scene world of tomorrow by Don Hertzfeld
yet I have not if not come on I will I
will like Don her till it's 16 minutes
and on Netflix I know I have no excuse
other than I just haven't yeah I will I
will watch it my spoon is too big
I am a banana then take the wall down no
son of a bitch it was a waste of grenade
complete waste all right sorry
I you know I I want you to do well rich
lord belt Lord Belmond
yes says yes Jay the audience for the
witch was insufferable because they kept
making noise yeah and were so hateful of
the movie at the end because it wasn't
cheap jump-scare movies I really liked
it though
oh I understand its terror I've been
there that's terrible there's a blu-ray
of all the Hertzfeld stuff the
Kickstarter blu-ray for Hertzfeld should
be out in the next week or so I just did
a Kickstarter recently that I'm really
excited about it's very another video
game yeah I love I love that you can
excute exploding things you can shoot
exploding this yeah first and next like
a gas tank oh yeah you shoot the gas
tank that is fun I agree that's another
new addition oh well there you go I like
and I like how it shows up like a like a
red oil barrel water on your things you
can shoot things I agree I like it more
why do they pay for a ticket if they
don't want to watch the damn movie
that's a great question I've been
wondering that for as long as I've been
going to movies cuz it always happens
yeah because apparently money means
nothing to them and their time also
means nothing
and they have no concept of how they
should act in public yes
so they were also raised in some sort of
barn wait weren't you raised in a barn
like literally though so that's not an
excuse anymore I thought you know what
all the animals that I raised in a barn
you know we ate we raised with some
manners like they knew when to come when
to leave like how to eat well surely not
to make too big a mess maybe some people
are just assholes that's the real answer
yeah oh farm shaming you're right cause
burning just farm shaming again I spent
many years on a farm just fail I should
just find a way to fail 88% oh it worked
that time I mean I can't believe it and
it tooks I can't believe it what kind of
swing you were you swinging at the wall
that's your problem right there
I have not seen the newly restored
original cut of Star Wars I hear that it
finally got done the a 35-millimeter
print of Star Wars has been restored
I heard about this mm-hmm very example I
don't care
Wow Wow Wow there are several whoo Star
Wars is good and I know you like the
original Star Wars and right now I'm
just being an ass I admittedly I'm just
being an asshole there's been though
like for year I don't know how long it's
been around a few years there's been
that despecialized edition like that
looks pretty great the D special is
pretty good so I don't know the the
really amazing part is if you look at
these side-by-side comparisons of this
newly restored film print versus their
blu-ray the official blu-ray Oh
they've like I haven't watched the
blu-ray of any of them but they didn't
like fuck up all the color correction
and looks like garbage I want to say it
was like the DVD release of the Star
Wars movies the ones where they included
the as a bonus feature the laserdisc
transfer of the original
4x3 letterbox but the the the the real
not the real version but the special
edition version on those I want to say
they fucked up the sound mix oh where
cuz like everything is just so
half-assed on that shit where it's like
what should be coming out of the left
speakers coming out of the right or
something like that
I remember hearing about that back when
those came out it's like at this point
if you're if you're someone like Disney
right and you're you're thinking about
re-releasing the the original movie
which who knows if they can like where
that is like distribution rights right
because the first movie Fox still has a
stake in right but let's just say like
you are the company who owns the
distribution rights to like the blu-ray
release and Star Wars
someone just did all your work for you
you give those guys a little bit of
money as like consultants and they give
you the files done well there's there
there is no excuse if there is a
35-millimeter print of that movie
available there is no excuse to not have
a cleaned up digital version of it I
just got on blu-ray today a digitally
cleaned up blu-ray release of wrote or
if someone has the budget to clean up
wrote or we can clean up the original
Star Wars don't you think
come on don't you think I mean get real
row tours a little more important let's
be honest get your priorities straight
people so now that row tour is done you
can spend time on Star Wars
unless Howard the Duck needs a touch-up
I think Howard the Duck is coming out on
blu-ray soon I think I read that I like
that movie is kid I haven't seen it
since I was a kid yeah I do though now
kinda want to see the cleaned-up version
of row tour I haven't yeah I just got it
today I haven't looked at it yet
you know there were so that movie was so
shit I would love to see that cleaned up
that's the magic the blu-ray that's like
cuz it's a collector's medium at this
point or weird niche things like that
you know hands of Steel coming on Bloor
I heard that too yeah
can't get Star Wars can't get showers we
get hands of Steel and some steel and
wrote or I have a question and there
might there might be an actual answer
for this floating around out there
somewhere okay Howard the Duck movie
right yeah
notorious flop did did that give Steve
Gerber the creator of Howard the Duck
comics which are really creative yeah
and inventive schadenfreude Oh or did it
just make him sad he famously had a
legal battle with marvel over the
authorship power the dark hmm then he
lost yes okay there was some some kind
of settlement anything he was happy with
it though before I'm suing well for the
movies yes he probably just thought it
was hilarious then like if he already
lost the battle and then to see that
movie and it's just the worst thing the
property meant something to him though
okay
he was making his own political
statements and how about comics I'm
pretty sure it meant something to him so
it was probably a perfect mixture of
like haha they failed oh but the thing I
created it yes yeah yes what do you call
that life
what are you talking about I think we
loved hands of Steel we loved we loved
hated hands of Steel
oh of course if I'm remembering that one
correctly something not discovered till
after that episode the director of hands
of Steel also directed alien from the
deep the other movie we watched on that
episode Oh director really yeah we
didn't even realize it really yeah some
italian dude well there you go
small world of B movies unless I'm
mistaken now and I'm thinking of
something else I think that was the case
no I look at we saw like the trailers on
the same there's the same company right
uh that I don't remember now oh you know
what that's a fair question what do you
what do you what's your preferred a
theater snack ah are you a theater
snacker uh sometimes I get popcorn
that's about it
fucking rookies mother motherfucking
rookies sorry
women on that shot like a fucking wide
open that is ah no cover
Sergio Martino directed hands of Steel
mm-hmm alien from the deep that was the
name of that movie right he only from
the deep no no my specialist is no alien
seed no that was shit cover no it's not
the same director fuck you why do you do
this to me I'm thinking of something
else is it's trying to be appropriately
challenging always do this to me oh you
know what the director of alien from the
deep also directed your hunter from the
future oh but also a another Italian
filmmaker no sergio Martino did hands of
Steel so ok somewhat mistaken but same
guy who did one movie did another movie
that we also watched on the stores and
we did not realize at the time was the
same director sure sure
like I enjoyed popcorn as a movie snack
my only problem with any movie snack is
if the movie is good I'm not snacking
because I'm paying attention to the
movie mmm and so I enjoy popcorn for the
previews that's the thing is I'll get a
small popcorn and I usually have
finished it before the movie starts
which is how I like it cuz then yeah
okay now I've had my snack I have had my
treat
yeah that's me clapping by the way you
can't see me clapping I was clapping
about my treat
but I usually if I get anything it'll
get it'll be popcorn but I often don't
even get that mm-hmm ready to boogie
wink
agreed I also love movie popcorn and if
I'm not in a popcorn mood Reese's Pieces
mmm a huge peanut butter person recent
pieces on one hand movie food is just
comically overpriced like we all know
this score on the other hand how they
make their money
on the theaters make yeah but that's a
part of the deal like you know going
into it that that's gonna be the case
that's just a part of the theater-going
experience at this point what cut did
the studio's take on I know is opening
week it's ridiculous
yeah I I don't know the details of all
that stuff I don't really pay much
attention
oh no oh and I think like opening
weekend they take like 90 yeah I know
it's just a joke hmm me too Gus Baker
III too in my head always say we
whenever I extract the soldier they
grabbed a little rope and then they go
boom everybody has amazing upper-body
strength even the scientists zombie just
one hand up there like this do they I
think so no I think everyone just grabs
at one arm well maybe that's okay cuz
they have the gun the one hands maybe
they have to yeah I take that back my
head there's always two heads cuz that
would make us one and you seem to
predict right maybe you don't see them
put like a little clip on the bone
maybe you just never seen it maybe
that's what happens though Quasimodo
ding
