Episode 504
XCOM 2 Electric Boogaloo (Part 3)
April 13, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUU0oVFoQEk
___________________________________________

T Carlisle for a quick question what are
your favorite animated films could be
anything from Pinocchio to four it's the
cat keep up the great work
um I like The Incredibles a lot that's a
great movie
[Music]
I'm having a hard time thinking of other
ones I love The Incredibles there you go
I think that's a good one there are
other ones I just can't think of any
else on top of my head there's so many
good ones oh did you hear I know you
probably don't care but Avalon is
showing Miyazaki films all March oh
really
yeah bunch of Studio Ghibli stuff is
shown on the big screen in Milwaukee in
March I'm super well I would be a good
excuse to I'm always trying to fill my
pockets of movie different types of
movies I'm not familiar with mm-hmm yeah
there's there's a ton I can't way I'm
hoping I'm hoping they line up just
right so I can take my boys they who
still have not seen my neighbor to tour
oh wow sure which is the one with the
giant cat so they're gonna love it
I like a lot of Studio Ghibli stuff cute
and imaginative yeah Howl's Moving
Powell's Moving Castle beautiful I
remember and that came out let's plate
at the oriental yeah spirited away
that's one with the horse what oh no
that's spirit there's a really good
spirit for the horse no spirit spirit is
an animated movie with a horse though
but I like a lot of that stuff because
it's out there who's got a horse spirit
and I don't know what you're talking
about that's because you weren't in the
room pond oh Ponyo oh yeah pond nose
beautiful the retelling of the Little
Mermaid not good the studio oh yeah I
know what that is ano is beautiful
oh no hello hello Draco says which is
better the warehouse the Borg ward or
The Rave Eagles bald room well not the
board on the floor hard for anyone I'm
in the room I still don't know what
you're talking
Music Venues season walking me how do
you know about the board war did you
even plump it in with real venues the
Borg Ward has been a Milwaukee DIY art
space slash band venue for the past one
six seven eight years eight eight years
it's this little rat hole of a place and
I say that with all love all of the Borg
Ward named up thought about the board
board in a really long time
it was this beautiful place it was like
an artist coop space where you could
rent spaces but like the they never had
a functioning bathroom yeah they had one
toilet in a building with four storeys
one toilet and they would have white
people live upstairs they lived upstairs
in tiny closets of rooms and they used
this one toilet and it was this little
DIY space like on the fringe of walkers
point like right near the bad area it
was great it was great and they were
there other work Ward and the rave
eagles ballroom was the other one I just
want it doesn't even matter
the Borg Ward is not a place you would
include in venues when you think of
Milwaukee Music Venues unless you're
into really fringe stonkingly frit like
they would they would have like noise
bands played there one of my favorite
memories of the Borg Ward is going to
see a friend's noise band do a noise
score for predator oh I remember that I
think I wasn't there but I remember when
it happened it was amazing they played
predator on a projector and played a
noise ambience core replacing all music
and dialogue for predator with like I
[Laughter]
loved the board ward I loved and hated
the Borg Ord I shot a music video at the
board Warren
I think it's I think it's on my
youtube-channel still that's right you
did I think you can find it on there ah
the poor so in any case the Borg Ward
everyone assumed a month after it opened
that it would be shut down is it still
there
no it just finally got shut down after
eight years oh really okay okay believe
it lasted that long no I mean the place
was falling apart yeah it was a dump it
was a dump but you know it just kept
limping along huh that's funny
and finally they they booked a show last
weekend that apparently no one knew
because like I know like the way they
booked shows is like you just have to
know someone who knows someone who
writes your name on like a paper
calendar it's ER it's terrible it's
great it's terrible it's everything I
love and hate you know you just have to
like know someone who knows someone and
like oh can I do a show here that time
I'll let me check the count I don't know
I'm sure just come just come and play
the show whoever asked that question how
do you know about the Borg Ward yeah
unless you're someone that actually
lives in Milwaukee how did you know
about the Borg Ward I'm curious so what
happened is that booked a show and
apparently the band is very well known
like normally a show there gets like 15
20 people yeah but there was a good
hundred people there and enough people
came that the cops got called for a
noise violation no the cops did it let
the show finish but noticed that the
place was crumbling like wait a minute
this both buildings about to collapse so
the city inspector finally after eight
years showed up and said that the it was
not fit for habitation an appropriate
end to the Borg or yes so they know
final show no last hurrah it was well
that's yeah leave it lasted that long
that's perfect
I like that I like strange things I you
know I hated like I hated going there
because like it was an all-ages DIY
venue yeah and so you couldn't really
drink at shows but you could if you went
into the garage that was falling even
more apart did they in like the back
alley behind the place so they have a
refrigerator out there no no you had you
just had to keep it in the cold okay I
thought I remember there being like a
fridge outside that had beer in it but I
could be misremembering no no like you
just had to bring a hello Draco says I
was a tour manager for a noise core
slash grindcore band okay you should
know about the bore chord then that's
that's an appropriate reason to have
heard of the Borg or the board award oh
man just the shittiest place possible
for a word to lose all meaning would it
never had name for you to begin with
bored bored bored bored bored bored
bored yeah yeah
good times I played many shows at the
Borg ward all to four people putting
them all together all the shows together
we played in front of four people and
those four people were in the other band
that was playing then yeah right yep yep
it was a weird weird place back on
memories of those types of experiences
fondly and I'm glad that I never have
them now
you know those types of experiences
there's like I'm done with that whole
adult thing fairly I was straight - no
you went straight to the adult thing
yeah yeah I could see that well have you
been to any concerts weird l okay when I
was seven I was dragged kicking and
screaming with my grandmother because
she couldn't let me out of her sight for
a second - a Wayne Newton concert it was
okay I think I did a miserable thing of
all time yeah I can see that same with
Liza Minnelli
yeah oh god yeah I'd rather see Wayne
Newton yeah yeah no I can't I don't
believe rich ever went to the Borg ward
no no have you been to any of the music
venues no I need I might drag me to
Summerfest once he's a local age it was
too loud Summerfest in general does suck
no well as an adult yeah there's no good
reason to go - it's it's not a good
venue like if there's a specific band
you want to see it's not the best place
to see them yep it's crowded as fuck and
obnoxious yep and the beer is overpriced
yeah everything is overpriced yeah Lots
it lots of great festivals in Milwaukee
in the summer um
every weekend there's a festival and
they're all smaller and more intimate
and more enjoyable mm-hmm Summerfest is
the big one
but it kind of sucks mm-hmm it like
maybe if there's that one band that's
not coming back into towns like yeah
maybe yeah every year I say I'm not
going to Summerfest and almost every
year I end up going at least one day mmm
but last two years I don't think I've
gone at all and I'm okay with that yeah
you know what mr. Beebe's that's not
always true mr. Beebe says studio songs
are always less than live music there
are many cases in which I prefer the
recording you know in the recording you
can make it sound really good yes and if
you're on an outdoor stage with a
hundred drunk assholes in front of you
like it's not the best venue for live
music
I saw coheed and cambria yeah at
Summerfest you know they wail but
they're their records are precise and
biting and all over the place math rock
it's great yeah and they're not really
Mathew anyone who's a music person is
gonna yell at me for calling the math
rock and that's very sorry but they're
more proggy but they're straightforward
Josh isn't here I'm very sorry everybody
no I'm just gonna get yelled at because
I'm saying words and then that's not
exactly what they are but I saw them at
Summerfest and they were washed out and
it wasn't a good performance yeah that
happens yeah the worst is when a band is
just sort of going through the motions
mm-hmm they don't look like they're
having fun playing you're like well why
am I here right I've had that happen
yeah like I just saw you know who I
enjoy is that Courtney Barnett have you
heard any of her music I don't think so
she's like an Australian garage rocker
okay but all of her lyrics are very
almost like freeform like she'll just
like sing about stuff and it's like I
ate a sandwich the other day and the
sandwich was really good
that was my sandwich but that sounds
great but it's Australian so it sounds
great this is the most adorable accent
ever and she put out a really good
record and she was on ko bear the other
day and her live really sucked oh yeah
doesn't have any of the fun you can
barely hear what she's saying she's
struggling to play her own guitar ah
yeah just wasn't any good i blanked who
was Jack talking about
I just recently talking about Courtney
Barnett not enjoying live before at
Summerfest I saw coheed and cambria who
I was also disappointed with live who's
recorded music I really enjoyed sounds
like jazz lyrics yeah a lot of her
lyrics are very jazzy but possibly sushi
has one song called no one really cares
if you were ever going to the party her
album is called sometimes I sit and
think and sometimes I just sit okay
which is that's all of her music is
about is just like a suicidal elevator
operator okay I'm just weird shit and I
enjoy it anyway tips tips tips eyes on
mage says here's more incentive to blow
up a VHS tape of Armin style I would
really love to see it happen in any form
here's my lol fuck my cock money on the
table and Jack hope you're feeling
better I do thank you
I've on mage she is quirky and I like it
Courtney Barnett she's she's the
Australian well that's great are you
dying all over the place yeah I'm dying
all over the place cuz I've got nothing
with Ricky's over the suck
oh very sorry jack are you going to
catch they might be giants on their
farewell tour this year this is the
first I've heard of them having a
farewell yeah I didn't hear about that
and if it is true then yes oh that's
unfortunate I think they might be giants
is an exception to my general not wasn't
a general rule I saw they might be
giants live and they were amazing
yeah amazing I would like to see them
live especially if this is the last
chance I didn't know that they were
closing up mm-hmm that's interesting
I've never heard about them splitting up
I guess I don't pay too much attention
to them anymore
yeah but of course I love see I saw them
at a at the Barrymore in Madison hmm
great little theater great place to see
him they did a shtick where they just
turned on the local radio and tuned into
different stations and then just started
playing along with whatever someone came
on it's a great chick yeah that's good
and then that turned into the final
songs the fingertips montage at the a
concert I had John flans Berg yes
Landsberg the the left-handed guitar
player not the piano player okay
that's John that's other John at one
point I knew what's his name I just told
both his John there's a John's John come
on nerd come on nerd I used to know this
blind Nell Lynelle and flans Berg John
line now maybe I don't know anyway John
fly-ins Berg signed my shoe okay
I lifted up my shoe cuz I didn't have
anything for him to sign and he was out
signing autographs
and I had him sign my shoe and he said
he really hated that signing the shoe
yeah well dirty shoe
well everyone he's just like I is like I
really hate this because you know it's
just gonna wear off and it's not gonna
mean anything yeah I told no no I would
keep it all right I still have that you
have his signed shoe still I know he
said he hated it and that made me find a
new pair of shoes and hold onto his
signature take a picture of that shoe
and tweeted at them I will say I still
got the shoe you motherfucker I love you
stupid asshole I still have the shoe how
long ago was that
Oh God how long ago was it that was when
they were promoting mink car so that was
and and I mean that was 10 12 years ago
ok I quit you quit yeah this one my
playthrough is not gonna happen
oh very sorry I'm going I'm going to
immediately look up whether or not
they're really giving up for your well
tour yeah I love them I that's the case
I would like to see them great live band
yeah I've never seen him live great live
band
I may be misremembering this but I
believe that real big fish opened up for
them well that's odd
yes it's an odd combination I need to
look this up now am I playing an Ironman
mode or can I just reload I only play an
iron metal everything else feels like a
cheap
oh you fucking stuff right in front of
the stairway with your panic you you you
well I can't get the other soldier out
very sorry we're talking about the band
that They Might Be Giants as I extension
real big fish possibly one of the
greatest bands ever real big fish less
so but at the time you know a friend of
Mines cousin isn't a real big fish wise
they've been through so many different
band members uh-huh
I think he's one of the ones that's been
with them since the beginning and I
think he's still with them okay um one
of the horn yeah one of the horn guys so
I I saw them I've seen them a few times
just as a result of of having that
connection hmm and I was you know I was
another stuff when I was in like high
school oh sure so see them a few years
after that is a little I guess kind of
fun just then like a nostalgic level I
guess oh sure but it's amazing there's
still those bands out there there's
still those ska bands doing their thing
still work and they're still working
it's almost more amazing that there was
a brief period of time where ska music
was sort of mainstream right such an odd
thing it was brief but Mighty Mighty
Bosstones were in clueless like what a
weird time right you know you know let's
let's just make mustard plug happen
[Laughter]
upbeat rock and roll with horns yes
[Laughter]
whereas my uncle used to call it when I
was into it in high school he would call
it New Wave pull Cup nice nice why do
you listen to that New Wave polka crap
how am I gonna get the twitch video to
edit is there way to download yeah if
you go to type in twitch down a website
called Knight dev Knights like the
opposite of day night night dev has a
series of twitch tools that allows you
to download twitches we use them they
have a bunch of tools for us that we use
for like our notifications which are
turned off today but a night dev to
download twitch videos there are great
resources I had a sniper which in this
game is lousy and three rookies it's
amazing they didn't all die-- yeah oh
and she promoted to a sharpshooter
that's just she's useless Scott equals
reggae at twice the speed with a brass
section yeah that's pretty accurate
actually you don't remember real big
fish I don't music pick it up pick it up
pick it up we're in the film bass
ketball their cover of take on me is
classic ska
that's yeah that's in bass ketball yeah
listen you're looking at the proud owner
of the bass ketball soundtrack I about
to I probably don't still do somewhere
but I had it in high school everybody
habits take on me isn't that that that
song that's useless without the music
video the video because the song sucks
it's a song of its era the song of its
era and the real big fish version does
it's better yeah much better remember
the 90s Ryan I know these are the thing
these are the things guys
what we're talking about we're talking
about we've reached ska music that's
where we're at
it's a thing we remember the more
important thing to remember is that they
might be giants is an amazing band that
reminds me I just watched did you ever
see the movie SLC punk with Matthew
Lillard no no it's a good movie it's
it's yeah it's it's like a coming-of-age
movie and okay you know but it's a
period movie and it takes place in the
eighties and the guy who made it just
made a sequel like 15 years later or
something like cuz I think the first
movie came out in like 99 okay
for whatever reason you decide to make a
sequel even though Matthew Lord's main
character the first movie and it's a
coming-of-age story as an arc he's not
in the second movie it's all like the
peripheral characters okay but it's
about one of the main characters in the
first movie had a kid so it's about his
kid the first one we took place in the
80s and it was all about like punk rock
in the 80s and stuff and so this one
it's like the 90s this is like oh okay
that's I was you know a punk rock
teenager in the 90s like maybe I'll get
something on this movie and then well
the movie sucks for one thing it's
horrible it's horrible and pointless and
nothing happens in the whole movie oh
but there's like no indication that it's
like a period thing or that it takes
place in the 90s there's like a rancid
song in one scene and that's it so
there's like nothing connecting it to
the that era of I mean punk sucked in
that era anyway but it was still a thing
nothing to connect it to that so doesn't
work as a movie and it doesn't work as a
this felt like a 90s punk period thing
like like it would be that hard to get
some no effect exactly it can't cost
that much they do know effects in there
yeah me first and the Gimme gimmies
actually probably too late no that was
90s I was listen to them in in high
school me first something give me give
me oh me first and the Gimme Gimmes Polk
Alex in the I just curious about what
brought you all to Milwaukee of all
places for movies I know rich has said
that he and Mike are from Chicago what
about Jane Jack
thanks for the fine entertainment it
wasn't my stupid idea I moved up here
for school I moved up here for college
and I just stayed because I like Maki we
make fun of it all the time but I
actually really like Milwaukee and your
career prospects drop to zero I in this
industry yes but but thanks to the magic
of the internet we can work from
anywhere not even before we started
doing the website stuff I was doing just
fine
I owe a lot to this city a lot of people
the walkie has been good to me
Milwaukee's a nice city it's quiet
people like each other in general people
don't get in your way that's my biggest
thing you can film anything around here
people just want to that's that's one
thing I will complain about and this is
if you're not in New York or LA if
you're somewhere in the Midwest and
you're filming outdoors you inevitably
get the the dummies wandering up to you
saying
what's your filming what's this for this
is gonna be on the news I hate it but
every single time you shoot outside it
happens the flip to that is you can go
to just about any business establishment
and say hey can i film it here and I
should do whatever oh sure yeah that's
fine I mean indoors though you do but
you do if you do that in LA or New York
yes there are do they know right yeah
I'm talking exclusively about shooting
outdoors when people bug me we shot when
I was in New York City we were shooting
I think it's still somewhere on the
website we did our Ghostbusters tour the
greatest thing nobody stopped us nobody
looked at us we were in their way and I
was like this is great these people
despise the fact that we're shooting
outdoors and they're just going to
ignore us and I love it well there you
go
but that's my only complaint is shooting
outdoors and having the inevitable
what's your fill button well and you
know
in general most people leave Milwaukee
to say acts or work in movies and so if
you're looking for help sometimes it can
get a little bit that's just everything
we talked about on the space cop
commentary how hard it is to find good
actors there they're here but it's it's
harder to to sift them sift them out
nearly impossible yeah nearly impossible
they have to end up using rich evidence
you actually want to move for one of
your projects and you were great in it
you were great in poop again what you
didn't know was I was living in Chicago
it was a trek for me to get my ass out
here you a favor for somebody who at the
time I didn't know all that well and I
appreciate it still to this day I look
back fondly on that production let's see
here paahe point says sorry they're not
breaking oh they might be giants are not
breaking up it just won't be touring
anymore oh so what well you like him
lives I guess it means a lot to you yeah
I'd still like to see them one more time
it's not it's not her writing though no
no if they were done making music that
would be I mean you know I there's so
much yeah but they all hate each other
dad no there's only two of them there's
the band of dance what the band of
Dean's I don't know what that means
there I don't know if they're all Dame's
anymore but there was a point in which
their live band that they played and
recorded and toured with named Dan okay
was that by design as a joke because
they're both named John nope now so the
John's and the Dan's
oh they might be giants they're just the
greatest they're just the greatest band
ever
do it move it
now I need to Google whether or not they
ever toured with real big fish someone's
asking about the turbo kids soundtrack I
have a digital version of it I don't
have a record player although I've been
interested in getting one
yeah and making a small little
collection of vinyl but I have not done
that josh has the turbo kit soundtrack
on vinyl oh okay
josh is a vinyl person there yeah he is
there there are certain things like a
lot of rear Alisa's that come out on
vinyl that look like you know that have
like interesting packaging and it's more
of a presentation it's a collector's
thing and there's some of that type of
stuff I've been interested in maybe
looking into but I have not as of now
mm okay so 16 years I saw real big fish
against almost 16 years ago that might
be sad
I wouldn't saw this was like probably
close to 15 years ago Oh bullshit
bullshit Jay Oh bullshit it was 15 okay
it was 14 years ago there you go I
wouldn't saw Bob Dylan oh just because
it was like you know I like Bob Dylan
his older stuff but no biggest Bob Dylan
fan but it was one of those things where
it's like I'll go see Bob Dylan cuz then
I can say I saw him she's one of those
people he's been around so long and it's
like then I can say that I have seen Bob
Dylan live listen what he's dead
I have yeah I have no fond memories of
the concert
I have no concrete memories of being a
great concert or a memorable concert so
I could say I saw him but I don't
remember much about the concert cuz it
was completely forgettable well there
you go
he played a lot of newer stuff nobody
cares nobody cares nobody cares missed
fucking rookies
but now I can say when he when he passes
away I got to see Bob Dylan's he popped
in I never saw David Bowie yeah but I've
seen Bob Dylan I don't remember a damn
thing about the show are you some but I
saw him that's all that matters
yeah we're going out in a blaze of glory
here all right do it that's why for a
while I was I was going to a bunch of
shows a lot of shows and you know you
always you kind of always hope that you
see them in the small venue before right
before they kick it big
oh sure never happy I've seen lots of
bands and small venues me too not a long
gap big none of them got big not even a
little bit that's a lot of good shows
though oh sure a lot of fine quality
shows let's see here loan or archon to
Jack J and rich can you recommend a
movie that is good but from a genre you
generally do not enjoy if not please
disregard this note and take my money
because I also enjoy listening to you
talk hmm a movie that is good but for my
genre you typically do not enjoy the one
everyone says is when Harry Met Sally
sure comes to romantic comedies that's a
good movie right trying to think of
something a little less obvious though
oh sorry you took in a breath and so I
was ready for movie I like there's gotta
be a horror movie I like who's gotta be
oh you like near dark I was gonna yeah
yeah I've still never seen but I know
you like that
stand up time I was gonna say Evil Dead
2 but that's that's more comedy yeah and
everybody's seen it and I have still not
seen the witch
Jay have you seen the weight I have not
seen the witch yet I really want to it
looks right up my alley I just haven't
had time the important part is not just
to stand up but do some lunges light
lenses not too deep you don't want to
you don't want to overexert yourself but
just you know get the blood flowing a
little bit I'm more trying to think of
just a genre that I don't like yeah I'd
like I like most things I mean I don't
like romantic comedies in general cuz
most of them are cheap cynical crap but
you know you got something like When
Harry Met Sally it's good yeah I'm just
about done I can't really think of
anything else just about done okay we'll
get more people killed
it's fucking at this point I'm just
charging straight in straight in
dashing completely do it do it you know
I don't like a lot of broad mainstream
comedies but I really like role models
with Paul Rudd and Sean William Scott
the only reason I even saw it is cuz
David Wain directed it I was like that's
interesting that's a weird choice there
you go now it's it's a mainstream comedy
it doesn't have a lot of them weird like
why not American summer stuff but yes
it's those two have good chemistry and
it's just it's it's solid chiapas game
is worth it I'm just having I'm adding a
really bad run right now and that
happens you get it's that rng man that
that random number generator can really
fuck you sometimes this is one of the
harder difficulty so yes totally worth
it loving the game what's what's your
current hour count in X come to we just
saw right before we started how many
hours do when we started tonight it was
like a hundred and nineteen if that that
should tell you all you need to know
about how much you like sex come to
yeah he so far has a hundred and
nineteen hours into it I beat the game
on veteran and I've currently moved up
to Commander difficulty there you go
from people asking I'd show you the last
mission at least the last couple turns
of it but that would be like spoilers
and a half yeah so that's Jay are you
still editing with Final Cut yes you are
okay that was a good question I was
curious about that as well I'm a ninja
on it damnit it's a game is a buggy
unbalanced mess it's got bugs
oh great that I completely disagree
about it being unbalanced completely
disagree just because the game is hard
doesn't mean it's not balanced and if
you think it's too hard
knock it down a difficulty not yeah
they're not to prove how much of a man
you are when you're playing your single
player video game I'm playing on rookie
and I constantly feel challenged but
reward you know like I feel I feel like
I've earned every victory I was
important that's that's the only balance
that manner matters is did you earn the
victory I was saying earlier how amazed
I was and how well the timer actually is
balanced once you get used to it yeah
yeah so you're completely fuckin wrong
about it that big balance and you're
right about bugs some bugs some crashes
some weird glitches lunar arch on no I
haven't named one mostly because I don't
have a genre that I don't like I cannot
think of a single genre that I usually
stay away from I just like movies so I
cannot answer your question rich when
are you gonna finish the Last of Us
never
let's see here that's not what
unbalanced means the problem is some
tactics are plainly better than others
ie naught swords so the variety is
wasted compared to the first one
no there's a whole lot you could do with
debuffing enemies try try some of the
fucking poison grenades poison ammos
flashbangs why I'm prefer I'm not doing
now but yeah I'm saddled with rookies
and poor funds I had a bad start yeah I
probably should grab some flash banks
that's on me but there are tactics that
work you can try it using a scout Ranger
and actually try levelling up some
sharpshooters that might work out for
you so no I disagree yeah there you go
there you go
rich anonymous says have you tried any
of the XCOM remakes or knockoffs like
Xena knots xenos is one I don't know why
I never have I have it I should I wanted
to play it I don't know why I never have
because there's so many fucking games
play a lot of games in the steam era of
everything's on sale yeah it's got a
nice great time great time to live great
time to be alive we get the steam and
and we got toaster ovens these are true
statements so person in chat it was
apparently just doing the same strategy
over and over again what what is this
thing you're doing also if you're using
the same strategy over and over again in
our board with it well why not try a
different strategy just putting I mean
you you get you get to make all the
decisions when you play a video game
which is the fun thing about about a
video game you're you're in that driver
seat man who is it everyone should have
a toaster oven they're great I have an
oven and I have a toaster yeah do I need
a toaster oven I'd say get rid of the
toaster you know I think I want to
because I never use it
get get yourself a toaster oven yeah
get rid of that toaster it's useless
just bread bagels right yeah toaster
oven does every lots of different things
yeah lots of different things wait
that's not what I needed I needed
rich versus Jack multiplayer next room
oh god no rich rich will destroy me I'm
still playing on rookie I never touched
the multiplayer and mostly getting my
ass handed to me no no interesting
multiplayer
that's that's right toaster oven is
great for a quesadilla you're right
let's see here using proximity mines
then kill zone before ambushing enemy is
pretty Opie
yeah there's different things you can do
you can get proximity mines I you know
what I actually haven't run across them
I have probably a grenade research that
I didn't I didn't get to before beating
the game that's pretty cool but yeah
I did find poison grenades fairly
effective oh yeah toaster ovens are
greater than microwaves that's right dr.
Jack Straw toaster ovens are the
greatest and we live in the era of the
toaster oven I'm not saying like life
before the toaster oven would have been
like that much less but I mean yeah it's
good it's a good time to be here also we
live in the era of indoor plumbing this
is true that's been around for a couple
years now just a few and you know every
time that the waste material that my
body creates leaves the house I just
think to myself what a great day I press
a button and my poop leaves my house
it's just gone just gone and it's like
what a great day people take these
things for granted
yep damn it Jack I've emailed you guys
for years and never gotten any pizza
rolls do I I'm not mostly gotten lost in
the middle I I'm not in charge of pizza
roll allocation and I'm really sorry
about that make sure it contact at red
letter media con and they'll be able to
help you out I get you your your pizza
rolls I am I am only I'm vice president
of pizza roll distribution I'm working
my way up and if if I can get to
president I will help you I need your
votes Jay I sent you a copy of wake in
fright over a year ago I know I haven't
watched it I will eventually well I
guess if you're watching a movie dicks
tomorrow if you are joining us tomorrow
I recommend watching your DVD for the
best quality possible-- okay that's that
is a possibility there you go all
possible
there's so many movies there's so many
movies there's so many movies to watch
there's so much there's so many things
to consume that's true movies games
books just to name a few
oh pretty waterfall Gus Baker you don't
have to wonder where all the poop goes
you can look at your city plans and find
out where your sewer system goes and you
probably have some sort of poop
reclamation plant we got milorganite
here in Milwaukee oh yeah they take all
of our poop and turn it into human
fertilizer called milorganite
they manufacture it in Milwaukee right
yes I remember there was some weird
thing way back when when I used to work
at the hardware store where we did not
carry milorganite because even though it
was made in Milwaukee for us to to order
it and have it sent to the store it
would have to come from a distribution
place outside of Milwaukee like he would
have to leave Milwaukee yeah and then
get shipped back to us from somewhere
else it was something weird like that
really yeah where it was like super
expensive so we just didn't carry it
sure even though it was manufactured in
Milwaukee we could not just get it
directly from a Milwaukee distributor
like maybe they had like an agreement
with a distributor where they just
shipped it all like to Chicago or what
something like that yeah and then they
dealt with him yeah yeah it's something
weird that's how we deal with our poop
yep milorganite and shoving bags bags
sorry that visual just kind of that's
what they do all day shove it in bags
Jack please congratulate Jay on finding
the truth about Lauren Landon being in
drive Oh Loreen Landon yes that was the
highlight of my life what happened I saw
this on Twitter and I didn't quite
understand okay well like a year ago I
rewatched Drive okay I had not seen
since the theater for whatever reason I
really liked that movie but for whatever
reason I had not gotten around to
re-watch it so he watched it like a year
ago okay
and there's have you seen it drive yet
yeah you know the part when the driver
he puts on his stunt mask and he walks
up to the Italian restaurant it's closed
it's after hours and he's wearing his
creepy mask and just looking in the
window yeah and there's like an
after-hours party Ron Perlman is like
like standing next to some woman and
he's like laughing and so when I
rewatched the movie I was like that
looks like Loreen Landon who's an
actress from the first to maniac cop
movies okay and I knew and it's such a
random thing cuz she hasn't any line
she's in like one or two shots mm-hmm
it's like that would be weird to cast
like not that she's like a famous
actress or anything but in such a
specific thing whereas like and I knew
that Nicolas Winding roughen is a fan of
the maniac cop movies so it's like did
he put that in there it's like a little
Easter egg and she's not listed in the
credits
she's not on IMDB she's not credited on
IMDB for it I searched on the internet I
could not find any information about
this okay and so I just made it tweet
about it I was like does anyone know if
this is Loreen Landon from the maniac
cop movies it was driving me nuts
because there was no no source for it
anywhere online mm-hmm and then I kind
of forgot about it for a while and then
the other day on just a random playlist
the song that plays over the opening
credits a DRI played and so I start
thinking about drive again I started
thinking about that scene again uh-huh
and for whatever reason my first
instinct was to tweet Ron Perlman and so
I tweeted him with that picture as like
is this lorry landed for maniac Cobb and
he didn't get back to me but a bunch of
people that follow me were like you
should ask Nikolas one Ian Ruffin he's
on Twitter two or whatever reason my
first thought was to send Ron Perlman a
message because he's in the scene with
her and then someone directed Loreen
Landon's on Twitter to says someone
directed her towards it and so she got
back to me and she
yeah that's me oh and I was so relieved
to finally have an answer this question
you just went about it completely
ass-backwards yeah but you got to the
truth I got the I got to the truth maybe
the first person
well that not it was actually thanks to
the people to follow me there are the
ones that directed to tiller in land and
as a result of this magical Twitter
moment now there's resolution to the to
Loreen Landon from the maniac cop movies
having a cameo in drive now we know now
now we there was no information about it
on the internet and now there is so
thanks to everyone that helped him cover
this mystery we did it it's not it's the
highlight of my week I mean Jay didn't
do it Jay didn't do anything I planted
the seed though you've overrun nobody on
the entire internet had asked if green
lanten from the maniac cop movies wasn't
Drive until I put it out there I mean
you're right yes you're right you you
you just planted a weird see he's in the
scene with her and I wanted to type in
all caps help me Ron Perelman so that's
what happened I think that's more
importantly yeah more important you
wanted to type help me wrong yeah if I'm
gonna find out this answer I want to do
it in a humorous way and the idea of
tweeting ron perlman seemed like the
best option there you go oh that's true
did you or did you listen to the
directors commentary to drive to
dimension it may be there is not a
director's commentary for drive oh well
there you go that would've been the
first thing I would have done of course
oh and yes someone in the chat is also
corroborating that there is no
commentary right help me beast from
Beauty and the Beast
it's true yeah I'm sure he was was that
Linda Hamilton
and Beauty and the Beast yeah yeah yeah
that was it wasn't a good joke but that
was my oh it was a joke that was my joke
was a joke
asking Ron Perlman if that was Linda
Hamilton now I see him the whole time
asking him a really obvious one right
because maybe he would know that one
yeah help me hell boy yeah yeah
do you have J a favorite directors
commentary um that's a tough one or just
one that you've really enjoyed I really
like Roger Ebert's commentary for
Citizen Kane oh it's very thorough it's
very detailed and very interesting of
course he didn't make that movie well
that exhibit but it's a good commentary
yeah um that's another good one the
maniac cop to commentary is actually
very good
sure cuz that movie for being a is super
low budget movie there's some really
fantastic stunts and car chases and
things like that for such a low budget
movie so in theory and how they here you
know but just thought they put into that
kind of stuff is good oh good I don't
there's a ton of commentaries it started
to say before before the age of the
podcasts I always thought that the Kevin
Smith commentary track for something
very special
yeah those are good they they existed
you know before everyone had a pocket
before podcasts were thing they existed
as these like conversational yeah
there's lots of stories it wasn't just
directly about the making of the movie
the cannibal the musical commentary with
Trey Parker and Matt Stone the infamous
drunk commentary that's fun
rich is going riches playing this
knowing that everyone is going to do oh
I don't care right now yeah I see a
couple people talking about how rich is
playing this one yeah I have I have
given up last mission yeah he is he's
playing the brightest star burns the
least strategy the bravest I'm kind of
fucked anyway right I I would have
started a new game like an hour ago
playing on my own at all right she still
doesn't see him the the gremlins
commentary I think there's two different
commentary tracks on it but there's one
with Joe Dante and then a lot of the
cast so and it's Howie Mandel did the
voice of gizmo know if you knew that I
didn't so he's on the commentary and
then it's like Phoebe Cates and Zach
Galligan and Dick Miller who plays mr.
Futterman in the movie he's on the
commentary uh-huh he's an older guy and
this commentary I don't know it's
probably 1012 years old maybe even more
at this point mm-hmm but like everyone's
just chatting throughout the whole movie
like halfway through Howie Mandel says
something about doing gizmos voice or
like something related to him doing
gizmo sure and Dick Miller just turns to
him he goes oh that's you like it took
him halfway through the movie for him to
even realize why Howie Mandel was there
yeah no clue why Howie Mandel was on the
comments hairy and just how polite of
him just to be like well I guess Howie
Mandel's me I'm listen I'm not here to
make waves gonna let who into the
commentary track yeah
but Howie Mandel yeah just all of a
sudden that that realization and Dick
Miller's part of like oh that's you
that's great yeah that's great oh no I
did not know that Kevin Smith was going
to direct an episode of
the flash that's good I don't know I
enjoy it I like the flash I've been
watching the flash and Kevin Smith is at
most times a competent director so and
really those shows you know flash is on
its second season now so it if they had
a bad director it wouldn't matter they
have momentum they know what the actors
they know what they're all doing at that
point guest directors are more just to
keep the gears working than anything you
know but good good for him with fee
likes the show I guess I'm actually
thinking about I enjoy the flash a lot
and I've been we're thinking about
catching up on Supergirl because they
are now crossing over okay the flash is
in oh no soldier no no flash is CW is
that also Supergirl no no that's the
interesting part summer girl is CBS okay
but flash something worked out where
they can have him cross over the arrow
our CW and so their network crossing
over which is fast interesting yeah and
Supergirl sucked I saw like the first
two episodes and it was terrible it's
like yeah I like the flash if flash is
going over there I still watch the arrow
and the arrow is garbage and I don't
know why I still watch it but I do just
you know why just because he might run
into the flash that's my garbage show
I'm just like honey you might want to go
to bed I'm gonna watch my garbage TV
he'll tear I have to watch arrow oh I do
and I feel bad every time I watch and I
don't enjoy myself but it I don't know I
don't know why it draws me in like you
hate watch it I hate watching I do
why bother hate watching something I'd
uh I wish I could explain it rich I
can't
it's its soap opera trash that's exactly
what arrow is just sexy people being all
Moody and sometimes they punch each
other but if I try to go on a mission
with no soldiers launch mission see what
happens no interesting that even goes
here is interesting I'm pathetic
oh but it's like it's shot horribly no
really it's just and they tried to do
they they they're adorable they're
trying to be a real show
they really noted they're trying to be
like edgy like there was the big deal
about daredevil they had this one shot
action sequence in daredevil hmm it was
masterful okay just one shot in a tight
hallway big fights big moves yeah it was
but and it was tense and tight just one
shot and so arrow tried to do that
recently like a one shot people are
escaping at building so we'll have like
just exploding everything and it looked
like it looks like it was shot like with
a handycam big wide-angle none of the
debris gets anywhere near the actors no
tension like a GoPro maybe mmm
could have been lens corrected GoPro not
not wide angle okay just look shitty
yeah everything about that she looks
shitty but I can't stop watching it cuz
the sexy people punching each other the
daredevil one what kind of camera angle
is it is it like constantly moving
around or no no it's is it like if he's
seen old boy the famous all I ever seen
the old boy know do you know about the
famous hallway fighting that that's
always out okay so even if it's similar
to that
it's it starts on his back okay and he
walks and the old boy one is like it's
almost like a side-scroller video game
type angle okay see the end I wasn't
feeling you're just gonna go and tell
fails yeah cool all right
shut up Oh parent apparently that scene
was a love letter to old boy nah
it'sit's not side scroller it's all from
kind of like Daredevils perspective but
from behind him you know okay and so
like you see the hallway in front of you
and I think when it when it goes it
might look into doors a little bit it's
great great great scene great shot
it's that was the turning point
daredevil we were like this is gonna be
a good show
okay I don't need to watch it what
happens
I don't think daredevil try to one-up
the old boy fight they they did what
they did man
this is Rich's first failure I'd saw the
basic filters
and the fragmented remains of the old
world are finally washed away thank you
for your continued support thank you
fucked up fridge oh yeah it all went bad
that one mission where I was on the roof
the hill that's where everything turns
oh yeah it was pretty good birds are
pretty good before then oh that's good
but shit happens yeah did you see a
trailer for season 2 a daredevil no I
like that actor mmm that actor who's
gonna be punished here yeah oh it's the
guy from walking dead every Morgan dead
he's gonna be good he looks like a good
like he'd make a good pun ago yeah I'm
pretty psyched trying not to get too
Sykes Pam say I'm done you're done yeah
okay is it all the same people like
creatively a different new showrunner
okay same casts except for of course the
new guy yeah you know this one what you
guys didn't see cuz we don't have the
camera on it is that Jack just sort of
fluttered his fingers around it wiggled
my fingers to mean the punisher because
Jane knows what that means
which Walking Dead guy the guy that
looks like you make a good Punisher
no no he's no longer he's no longer in
The Walking Dead he's the the partner
the guy who buddies y-yeah Rick's
buddy's the guy you stole Shane nice guy
who stole his wife quarrel my boy coral
Laura my wife it's so disappointing that
there's a regular zombie show like a
horror show on TV and I don't give a
fuck so just walking dead it's so
goddamn boring get something exciting
happens like once every eight episodes
get past it I'll try and give it a shot
again someday if you can get past season
- it's all good okay season two is a
slog and I'm sorry
half of the second half of season one
and all of season series you say I was I
was done before the end of season one
yep which is such a shame because that
first episode it's so good yeah yeah
it gets it get it gets it gets there and
I hated it more than anyone seasons oh
you haven't even got to the bad stuff
yet they're they're on a farm I've heard
about the infamous farm they're in one
fucking house for the entire season it
gets good all right we might be we might
be in a little doldrum now again but now
we're in what season five like you know
for a couple seasons there let me see
what is going on here I am got says rich
looks like it's FTL time struggle is
real right now
also how excited are you guys for Dark
Souls The Deuce if you mean Dark Souls
trace the trace Dark Souls 3 he's one of
those oh sure I'm not that into Dark
Souls I don't get hype for like anything
anymore even s come to like before can I
go I'm sure all water comes out that
wasn't like drilling before came out I I
let it happen every once in a while
still and I know I shouldn't I let I let
my heart feel something I know I
shouldn't you guys know I love
blood-borne it's one of my favorite
games favorite game of last year best
game of last year and and dark souls 3
made by the same people I don't care
about the dark souls world I don't care
about that medieval world I love
blood-borne because of the monsters and
the horror but the gameplay will
probably probably okay yeah but I don't
care about that as much as the world of
blood that's what it's run that's what
draws me in and lets me deal with the
the intense difficulty is the the horror
Oh
I I wish I wish we had the camera for
that rich started yawning and it just
looked like his mouth was a gaping
horror he didn't make any noise so I
thought he read something that shocked
him and I was like what did you read
what did you you know what I read that
shocked me comically small skeleton
April I loved you for 19 months and are
all oh wait you guys scroll up oh my god
Tiberius Kirk Magnus PU 13 months in a
row and kind of a small spell today
probably love you know we MN mokey be 85
20 months in a row looking to zero
the just this guy you know 14 months in
a row I like that bill lekha 20 months
in a row the big 20 die effects once
mobile ragged scribe Holden Holden MIDI
key mr. creepy Wilkins the clown for 13
months in a row a clockwork Stalin 16
months in a row oh god I lost my place
professor physics professor physics
sciencing it up for 15 months
[Music]
tea cars out yeah t cars oil I own
Carlile
does the S silent Carlisle like hey
Lydia is silent
yeah T Carlisle for J just got here he
knows his stuff I know how to read and
pronounce words orbital plane tell both
eyes out
halibut barn
also alternately halibut burn yeah wait
is it halibut or halibut tell helmet is
that how you pronounce the fish or is it
halibut halibut halibut hello
but how about halibut barn cart ride
twelve months in a row one year thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true
