Episode 508
Are you sick of XCOM 2 yet? (part 4)
April 18, 2016 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNHJ9MKTwY4
___________________________________________

correct hostels are inbound what do you
got to do here extract oh you just have
to extract everyone they're good you're
good rich there be enemies about are you
gonna murder for fun oh oh there's one
yeah I said there be there be monsters
about I didn't know I didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know well I didn't
know there was a najin look if only
there was a way you could blow him up
really oh I'm so sorry guys I've been
I've been lacks it a sickle on the tips
I didn't notice somebody had gotten away
from me anonymous says did you guys see
in the news what did you guys see in the
news about Hitler's unfortunate medical
condition ah poor Hitler any medical
condition he has i unless its health the
medical condition was he was shockingly
healthy Yeah right up until he died
right up until he killed himself because
he's a coward I guess the answer is no
none of us has heard about Hitler's
unfortunate medical condition the hit is
still dead
still dead also he was a prick so there
you go anonymous diet doctor awesome
says can J talk about editing our Ellen
a lot of YouTube channels discussing
movies and games have gags and cutaways
but lack the timing to make the jokes
have the kind of punch rlm vids have j
editing comedy specifically yes it's
instinct I don't know how else to say it
you watch it you make the cuts just the
timing feel right if not you make the
adjustments until it feels until it gets
a reaction out of you you have it or you
suck yeah it's sort of like it's either
there or it isn't it's it's it's
instinctual not and not even just
editing in general but it is
specifically in terms of making like
something funny with it with a cut it
yeah you just sort of feel it I feel
like a lot of people don't understand
the basic concepts of digital nonlinear
editing which is you can change it yes
and I well I think that's rough for some
people I think a lot of people like kind
of edit something as like well I guess
this is the best I can do it but ya know
that's the great thing about editing
there's so many options and if something
is not feeling right or working and like
let's say let's say for example you want
to do it non-destructively where it's
like oh I have an edit of something but
I want to try something different you
can just make a copy of that timeline
yeah change one thing and just see if it
works and sometimes even the smallest of
changes can make a ton of difference
don't be afraid to completely change and
edit because you can and you know you
can always go back to the way it was if
you make a copy and do it
non-destructively but i think that's
hard for some people it's just like well
I've already edited it can't change it
now I was reading an interview with um a
writer recently who is talking about
that we're like you know like people
think that writing a book is you know
you write it once and it's done it's
like oh man you write a couple of
paragraphs and then rewrite those
paragraphs
eight times yeah you got to change it
seems so time-consuming
he says read my letter yes it is it's
very time-consuming that's that's the
the part we spend the most time on
because it's the most important to us
mm-hmm Lloyd beets have you seen the
film primer best time travel movie ever
might be my favorite film of all time I
saw primer recently for the first time
I've never seen it and that's a movie
people always talk about because it was
made for like seven grand or something
right right and so people always
whatever like someone talks about like a
low-budget movie they always bring up
primer it's like well they did it as if
like you know you know how many other
movies are made for no money like tons
and tons of ones right you've never seen
or heard from some people always say
like as if that should be like common to
make a movie for seven grand and have it
be amazing yeah it's like no those guys
are brilliant most people can't do that
so you liked it ai ai ai ai I understood
that it was very smart and well-made but
watching it was like reading an
instruction manual it was very sort of
like clinical and and detailed in a way
that I did not personally find
interesting oh okay but it's a very well
made movie that sounds like a fair
criticism yeah that's that's what it
felt like to be is like reading an
instruction manual and it could be a
really good instruction manual tells you
how to build a chair perfectly that
doesn't make it an exciting instruction
manual right it's good though and I need
to see that directors follow-up movie I
still haven't seen that either well the
blue is the warmest color oh wait no
nuts no that's the lesbian movie fuck
what's the name of that movie upstream
upstream color
do you watch many a lesbian they won't
have color in the title that's I'm
confused although blue is the warmest
color is supposed to be very good too
but I have not seen it maybe learn
something about Jay here
today he gets his lesbian movies
confused because he wants upstream
colors not as many lesbian what's your
favorite lesbian movie oh there's a joke
there somewhere right
yeah all right make it insert I am right
though upstream colors the movie made by
the guy who made primer right chat I'm
pretty sure that factory upstream color
yes you're right
you all right primer was made for $7,000
why can't every movie made for $7,000 be
great
I've seen comments like that before it's
insane do they understand that different
people make different movies no
apparently not
and the different movies have different
goals and are made by people with
different levels of competency do they
understand that no no no wow that's
there's a problem alright
Dante and J we've seen you lose weight
and get fit over the years we've also
seen you wearing a Fitbit on your wrist
they've used to yeah they've done their
detective work too well my detective
work you mean they've watched the videos
they've watched the videos yeah was it
worth the experience the Fitbit um or
just I think getting Jack may also have
one I'm beginning to get healthy stand
up I think they're there just ask asking
in the long run because people may not
know this but getting in shape and
losing weight take effort yes has the
effort been worth it absolutely good for
the body and good for the mind yeah I
think a lot of people miss the good for
the mind part because it means that you
have to think ahead yes in how you plan
your meals how you plan your day and it
makes you also then think ahead with
other things like oh I could just do
this in this in this commander
come back I'm Andrew mr. Herbert
[Laughter]
but if he's asking specifically about
the Fitbit oh sure
I don't think it was worth it for me it
might be a good motivator if you're not
someone that's terribly active to begin
with mmm
you know cuz you have to make sure you
make your step goal for the day or
whatever mm-hmm
but I when I started using it I was
already active enough where I didn't
need it
I discovered it didn't motivate me in
any way more so than what I was already
doing so I stopped using it I also had a
Fitbit for a bit a Fitbit for a bit yes
I think actually it's on my wrist in a
video and I echo Jays comments it's
incredibly not worth it this is the
upgraded gunner no I just don't think it
looks as good as like the Janke one
there's kind of one of the older ones
yeah look at that that's got some
personality to it I live in New Orleans
I see a bridge shotgun yeah it's nice
looking at second therefore gonna make
it look like in there fuckin no no I'm
just not I'm just not going to do that
okay I just refuse that's fine and you
know what that's fine maybe that makes
me a jerk I don't know no it's fine
maybe it was maybe I was being a jerk
asking you to make it look like you were
you were definitely being a jerk there
you go yeah there you go but you know
what if you're thinking about getting
fit you can do it that's the real truth
if you think about losing weight you can
do it you can do it too it's oh it's so
true you don't you don't need to do you
don't need to do anything but eat less
and move more it takes so little effort
the power of hard work not even know
this is what I'm saying it's not even
hard work you just have to not eat crap
the power of not hard work you know you
you just have to want being healthy more
than you want the donut yeah that's it
watch calories and go
for walks it even even that little bit
well will make a big difference you know
I mean I mean a little difference in the
short run but in the long run
yeah will make a huge difference it's
great Oh Tegan Oh Tegan you're a dick I
don't care I don't like him I don't like
him
forest goblin has a very important
question and I have a real answer to it
the important question is why doesn't
Jesse appear on best of the worst
anymore and I have a I have the official
answer for that she no longer appears in
the video because she no longer sits in
front of the camera when we hit the
record button this is true now it's
something people might not know about
video cameras is you only you can only
record what's in front of the camera and
so she's not in front of it anymore I
should have taken notes on that I'm
gonna have trouble remembering all that
also you have to press record okay
that's rule number okay we fucked that
up when we did our force awakens
reaction video oh yeah we fucked it up I
thought we did that right no no I found
out after the fact that we did it wrong
like after you uploaded it to YouTube
yeah it was pointed out you are dude
first why would you watch it first I
experienced it we were there yeah it
happened just uploaded yeah oh well how
embarrassing for us video professionals
things have never been the same no check
you've got a little bit of XCOM
experience no I have a little bit of
XCOM experience after project yeah three
bits to go no you're fine there's things
there's situations huh there was a
factory I'm kind of near him one away
but I got no Intel okay there's a other
factory - I'm close - mmm
what Intel
right and here are the missions very
difficult engineer I've right now I have
a shitload of engineer okay so you don't
need to get engineers falling out of my
ass okay great
so you don't need an engineer but here's
the here's the event encounters major
breakthrough adds two blocks progress
project okay
supplies you always need supplies get a
decent amount of supplies every month
bike I could use some now I could you
can always use supplies and then hidden
event so I don't know what the hell I
need does an arranger high-ranked Ranger
I could use one pasta I lost a
high-ranked Ranger before this stream oh
so so weird why do I take the two blips
on the Avatar project well no that
wasn't the what was the the supplies one
I don't care about the supplies you
don't care about the supplies no III
have a lot of countries under my belt
right now I'll get like 500 at the start
of the next month so worries me is this
this dart project adds to write to the
Avatar project but you don't three now
but why even do that when you don't need
an engineer then obviously well I'm
worried about so I'm worried about the
Avatar project the big scary do meter at
the top that would add two bars to this
only if you do the mission no that
prevents that doing the mission prevents
that oh oh you know what I've never
understood that then I've been doing it
backwards you're not very good at this
game are you Jack know what I'm playing
on rookie so the question is do you get
a ranger that you really like or do you
delay the Avatar project yeah I say you
still go for the Ranger because even
with two blips you can get another blip
and then you have another 18 days before
anything bad happens
I have never ordered I'm playing on
rookie but I have never worried about
the Avatar project because even when all
the blips are full then you have the
overspill time does the chat have an
opinion I'll take it I'm just curious I
know and everybody's very confused that
we're talking about the game for the
first time I don't get it what does any
of this have to do with scream factory
blu-rays mr. shy smile is saying delay
the project I got a story mission coming
up I get to land the opinion is delay
the project go for the supplies I think
you should go for the supplies I always
go for some five hundred fifty five a
month but you have four and it's the
fourth you have all month before you get
that you could have two hundred eleven
days I like one mission between then you
could you could get that right now or
get that super awesome Ranger shotgun
some motherfucker I want that I want
that super awesome Ranger do it also you
know you should really not do listen to
me because I know cookie at this game
and I haven't even beaten it yet the
decision I would make is supplies the
second decision I would make would be
for the Ranger so double not listen to
me and yeah delay the project yeah is
the correct answer
[Laughter]
de Boer eh cases let it ride rich Ranger
up
that's little a the project you should
that is the correct choice that bar
fills up at the top then run dance that
ends the game you lose oh sure
Denton Denton oh I see Jason still on
the mission and I like that one of your
soldiers at all times needs that mask
yeah and it even has blood splatters on
it huh is that like an add-on or is that
just part of the game part of the game I
think I think I want to say that's one
of the first things that you can equip
thank you know bizarre you can decorate
them you can decorate chair that just
seems like it's like an inside joke that
someone they would add as like an add-on
to the game later or so I think you only
get the ski mask once that individual
characters ranked up a bit okay I don't
think you could put that on them as a
rookie okay maybe you can invite oh no
you don't some of them some of the some
of the decorative things are unlockables
which is kind of stupid I don't like
that always a mod whatever don't like
the game out is fucking Martin who cares
when's the next Friday the 13th a date
there was like three last year it was
great Jack I'm gonna stop giving you
shit about using our names for
characters but I'm just curious if
you're actively ignoring this request or
just missing it no well the rich is
already on a playthrough so all these
characters are just people existing guys
build it so I've I've named characters
many a time we're not we're not ignoring
you I just assumed rich wasn't renaming
characters cuz this is an active save
that he was already doing so
there is one in May okay May the 13th is
on a Friday all right
it's close to it's close to being done
time mostly because my hunger is
reaching critical mass and also we've
been streaming for about four hours yes
yes that's a stream we can sit you want
to do this mission yeah okay we'll do
this mission and then we'll call it my
brains in the thick of it now in the
thick of the X corn right before right
before I came to get you today I was
about to attack an Advent facility and I
was I was getting prepared so that's
probably what I'm going to do is go home
and play this a little bit more I would
like to beat it once a spoiler alert for
our official discussion is I feel about
this game much like how Jay feels about
primer not primer oh no I'm gonna forget
it now yep for some reason I can't
remember the name of the Harrison Ford
sci-fi noir Oh Blade Runner get a bleep
about a brain fart a blade for a tablet
fart I feel much about this game how Jay
feels about Blade Runner which is I
think that technically is a very good
game that I'm just not that into that is
how I feel about primer as well so I
guess that works to it you are free to
have your incorrect opinion I well and
so I've been I've been wanting to finish
so I can try to identify why mm-hmm I'm
not too into it and I think I've nailed
it down yeah we'll save that for my
official discussion but yeah oh I know
they don't see me but I do believe oh oh
you got to protect it I do bill
consistently challenged and I feel like
every victory is earned and I feel like
they do a lot very well technically
are there something there blade fart
sounds horrible a blade fart does sound
horrible
I gotta had a blade fought by the way
here's a finished thought no no that I
was gonna be so hot
strike while the iron's hot that's what
my mama taught me yes ridiculous there's
no reason a Superman movie should be
rated R but a Batman movie - it doesn't
matter Batman movie shouldn't I
shouldn't be rated R he can be you know
Batman what do you bet different beasts
depending on the success of Batman vs
Superman sure what do you bet if it is
successful what do you think the odds
are of the standalone Batman movie being
rated R I'd say it also depends on
Suicide Squad Suicide Squad rated R do
we know it's I think it's pg-13 is it
although one surprise me if they they in
post added a few swear words in to bump
into an R just so they could say it's
rated R because you because know how
they operate that's how they think you
know it's funny because in reality it's
ridiculous yeah but then you think it
might actually happen but out there in
Hollyweird that's what happens strike
while the iron's hot
that's what my mama taught me yes
ridiculous there's no reason the
Superman movies should be rated R for
the better Batman movie - it doesn't
matter Batman movie shouldn't I
shouldn't be rated R he can be yeah what
do you bet different beasts depending on
the success of BAM and were Superman
sure what do you bet if it is successful
what do you think the odds are of the
standalone Batman movie being rated R
I'd say it also depends on Suicide Squad
Suicide Squad rated R do we know it's I
think it's pg-13 is it although one
surprise me if they they in post added a
few swear words into
bumpit to an are just so they could say
it's right at our because you because
how they operate that's how they think
it's funny because in reality it's
ridiculous yeah but then you think it
might actually happen but out there on
Hollyweird that's what happens oh you
missed I hate you you're right it's not
too late to recut Suicide Squad yeah see
but that wouldn't make sense like that
is a movie that should be rigged that
would make sense as an are sure villains
do envelop me and I actually think that
movie looks kind of interesting mmm more
so than Batman vs Superman mm-hmm all
right
Snyder so to me I would think that they
would gamble VR on Suicide Squad then if
that also did well the answer is a
hundred percent Batman radar that's yeah
that sounds about right
oh you got phantom as an extra perk well
that's interesting I didn't notice that
I still think even if the theatrical
release of Batman V Superman is
successful I still think they'll dance
around the R rating for the theatrical
release of Batman but do a very similar
thing of pg-13 in the theater maybe are
you know pg-13 in the in the streets are
in the sheets if I could use popular
parlance long shot by be libelous
whatever whatever happens if they
release Suicide Squad as pg-13 and it
flops they'll they'll they'll blame it
on the fact that they didn't make it art
and if they release it as a pg-13 and
it's a success they'll say it's because
they held back from releasing it as an
art there's always an excuse it has
nothing to do with the quality of the
movie of course not of course now that
doesn't factor into their equation no
quality
what kind of crazy thing are you talking
about mister it's about marketing
the only reason Deadpool did well is is
strictly because it was rated R of
course that's it for no other reason no
other reasons fuck man
Hollywood is there what's the big Marvel
or does Marvel not factor into the
equation anymore because they're its own
it's its own French Marvel is its own
thing I don't think that'll factor into
it
Marvel is beyond is beyond our Disney
Marvel stuff goes oh well yeah like we
might get an r-rated Wolverine movie
which I would that would make sense I'm
just thinking if the next Marvel comes
out in its pg-13 will that factor into
the equation o or but but they're just
so no Marvel's its own thing it's it's
it can yeah it can be pg-13 yeah it's
probably probably right okay no I think
I think all that this is showing the
fact that they've announced the
director's cut is are is they they are
worried about poor performing at the box
office
yeah and if we could live in a world
this is something that could be
genuinely exciting we could live in a
world in which a Deadpool movie gross is
more than a Batman Superman everything's
turned upside down
unlikely but possible yeah wouldn't that
be fun wouldn't it be fun just to see
him squirt like they're scrambling
already in a few areas already video
it's fun to watch him scramble yeah it's
almost like there's no clear-cut formula
as to why a movie is successful and
popular don't say that of course the
big-name directors and actors just like
Bridge of spot shit
shit Oh fret of franchise movies
franchise movies just like the hunger
game put oh did that flop the last
Hunger Games I didn't even know even
amongst hunger game movies it was a huge
disappointment I did not know that big
Deadpool works because creative people
behind it ad vision and passion and
distaste for the norm yes yeah exactly
and I think the most important part
about that is the vision yeah well
thanks I think you're cut out of our
episode but that's what I said is it
feels like a movie made by someone as
opposed to a movie made by everyone yes
but that's that's not the takeaway
that's gonna happen unfortunately no it
isn't there in fact going to get more
involved with films because that's what
they do that's all they know yeah many
pardons genndy 999 says thoughts on
beyond the black rainbow and john dies
at the end I haven't seen John dies at
the end
I love beyond the black rainbow what
does beyond that's one of my favorite
movies the last few years it's a a
sci-fi dystopia film made for very
little money but absolutely gorgeous
cinematography wise okay really great
soundtrack
I like sci-fi dystopia sort of have you
ever seen thx 1-1 3-8 it's like a like a
it reminds me of that I really love
future dystopian movies about escape
about trying to escape some sort of
environment and it's about that might be
a little as you say arty-farty might be
a little too arty-farty for you I love
it I got the look of it I love the the
the it has my favorite thing which is
droning creepy ambient noise I love that
yeah really good movie that sounds
pretty good I like it a lot I'm okay
with the I'm okay with all the things
he's saying Logan's Run yeah that's
great I haven't seen in a long time but
it's gonna lose no thank you
Oh son to be just speaking of like
future dystopia and someone escaping
it's like yeah Logan's Run got it right
yeah I generally don't like older stuff
because of the pacing but Logan's Run
just nailed it
why do snipers suck so much in this game
I have Jays Blade Runner reaction to
beyond the black rainbow I can see that
oh I already party I you know what I not
but I I like I guess I'm like some
arty-farty
yeah you know like I love arty-farty
cinematography like that that they look
at beyond the black rainbow like it's
one of my favorite visually one of my
favorite movies over the last few years
okay
solid recommendation yeah yeah I really
love that movie I'm disappointed the guy
who directed it hasn't done a movie
since oh really yeah usually by now he'd
have sold them that sold he'd had it
sold out and made a crappy movie ya know
where's his Martin where's his
disappointing Marvel movie he's the son
of another film person the guy who
directed be on the bike rainbow I can't
remember who
Pano's cosmatos is the director of
beyond the black rainbow but I can't
remember who his dad is
that's a real name yeah that's a great i
guess if your last name is cosmo toes
yeah whatever the fuck you want with
that first name he yeah he hasn't
directed a movie since be on the black
rainbow buddy he produced the rewind
this documentary the documentary about
VHS he oh my phone just died no he
produced that have you met that have you
met my cousin Frank cosmatos
Bobby if someone in the check and tell
me who his dad is and what he directed
or what he did in film business let me
know cuz I cannot remember George P
Cosmo dose director of Tombstone okay
thank you a horrible glory couple dupes
couple apps um I have you guys given any
thoughts to making DIY filmmaking slash
editing to toe
Reles I would love to subscribe to a
separate patreon or of the like that
provided that content I haven't really
thought about it we probably wouldn't is
that rich his reaction to the game or
the game he might be losing this mission
unless he can unless he can end it
quickly before he has to protect that
thing and it's on fire right now so he's
not doing a great job of protecting I
have to alert a bunch of shed yeah
probably exposed myself to danger yeah
while doing it yeah you probably fucked
well I know but both you and Micah feel
very feel the same way about editing
your like we you were talking about
earlier it's just like you just kind of
got to know yeah it's not something you
can teach it's more than any learn from
experience and there's like there's a
lot of like technical stuff to teach
like how to use your editing software
yeah but that you can get anywhere like
but it's really true the only way to
kind of learn how to edit well is just
for you to do it and see what sucks and
see what doesn't yeah unfortunately that
and I'm not terribly comfortable trying
to speak with any sort of real authority
on any of these issues sure that's not
my place I just make what I make are
Miller maybe you weren't here earlier
when J gushed over bone tomahawk bone
tomahawk is excellent but J gushed over
it and write characters great writing
one of the most horrific sequences I've
seen in a movie maybe ever uh one small
ball do you guys have any actors you'd
like to see in an x-force movie Stephen
Lang as cable seems pretty much assured
I'm not the person to ask this mic would
be I've never liked the x-men you know
no we who cares
I want to see actors do a good job and
more importantly I want to see an x-men
movie with some decent action sequences
unlike the stupid Bryan Singer ones I
like the Bryan Singer one I know you do
and I don't I would like to see them
recast storm well now they probably will
because I think Halle Berry is out of it
but one she's always sucked this is
completely out of it there's a new storm
in Apocalypse okay it's Mohawk storm
which is awesome storm okay
yeah Halle Berry always sucked on those
movies yeah I blame the director
I blame Halle Berry a mixture of both
perhaps Halle Berry was going Halle
Berry was doing kind of like there are
two schools of storm one is is what's
the queen from coming to America yeah
African Queen kind of like above it all
Oh
genteel goddess second goddess and I
think that's what a Halle Berry was
going for but she was also wearing like
a leather onesie and yeah well she tries
to do some sort of accent in the first
movie right right and then they just
ditched that by the second one she was
going for something and it did not land
correct now landed and broke its ankles
but then there's other storm which is
kind of a little more jagged and I think
that's what they're doing with
apocalypse okay
it's Mohawk storm which is more fun to
look at at least white haired Mohawk
storm is a good storm it's just too bad
it's too bad it's gonna suck I like Love
Days of Future past hey I'm looking
forward to I know I'm in the minority of
people who did not like you got to give
those movies credits for credit for not
having villain of the week storylines
every other superhero movie it's like
what villain are they fighting in this
movie sure I like that the x-men movies
are a little more complex than that
I I will sure you know what do you think
I'm doing
jackass I always you know what he always
does that to me too when I'm evacuating
everyone and I have one person left and
they're in the Eva like I'm in the evac
zone and my guy's calling down the road
and he's like you gotta evac everyone I
have one guy left Bradford calm your
tits a storm is a badass punk-rock
African orphan who gives zero fucks I
bet she's a horseman in Pakistan yeah
they probably will turn into a horseman
I mean you know Archangels gonna be one
cuz that's his schtick they might not do
storm because she's too well-known and
the whore the the other horsemen who
aren't Archangel are usually pretty
disposable at least in the books they
are they pick three generic disposable
mutants and and turn them into you know
if powerful Four Horsemen of the
Apocalypse and and then there's
Archangel and that's his all shtick so
they probably won't be storm if the
books are any indication
I think he's I think apocalypse looks
dumb yeah I think I made a joke in our
comic book episode or like comic book
upcoming movies or Deadpool episode I
made I've mentioned that he looks like
Ivan ooze from the first Power Rangers
movie and I cut it out of the episode
because then I went to look for a
picture of Ivan ooze yeah and all that
came up in Google search was a
side-by-side of apocalypse and Ivan ooze
I was like oh everybody's already made
this reference which I hadn't realized
but everyone's already 7 so I'm just
gonna cut it it's like there there are
some things that don't translate from
drawing to cartoon that's a movie yeah
the look of Apocalypse is one of those
things and again I'll give credit like
he's trying to be colorful he's trying
to be different he's not giving people
the leather suits that he gave people in
the first one he's trying he's trying
something new but I I think it looks
dumb I think it looks like a big rubber
suit yeah I don't think he can direct
action is the mixture of the ideas in
the action oh well I know it'll be fine
people like it or they won't in a very
controversial statement as far as comic
book movies go it's one of the few I'm
more interested in seeing this year
mm-hmm I was thinking about giving Days
of Future Passed souther shot I haven't
seen you since the theater I'd like to
rewatch it looks like I know people like
it I'm in the minority for not liking it
so I ran that by Lisa who's a huge x-men
person she she is a bigger x-men
collector than anyone I know like yeah
all the old books loves x-men that's
like oh you know we should really watch
tasty fresh some people are getting no
oh really oh she hated that movie more
than I did
oh wow doesn't make sense doesn't make
sense
and I said I don't doesn't matter if
anyone lives or died because they have
time-travel powers I know honey
[Laughter]
all right said my fire
psylocke is gonna be a horseman no I
hope that's not true
genti Shylock's an interesting character
but I suppose there's a Livia Munn in
there and you don't want her to talk too
much that's yeah what did she become a
thing I know she did like the attack the
show stuff way back when why is she in
big movies now that's what she wants to
do
who's putting her in them dumbass Bryan
Singer inventor of bad decisions oh I
know that's I'm being very catty and
embarrassing that's that's it's unfair
of me I don't think she's a terribly
good actress I also don't like her for
personal reasons but so that's um it's
unfair of me to say that Bryan Singer
I'm sure is nice except for the underage
sex parties that he has allegedly
allegedly allegedly all the photographic
evidence of those parties could be
completely it could be all of the well
corroborated well corroborated
eyewitness accounts could be falsified
we don't know absolutely allegedly
allegedly it's fine so I'm not I'm not
looking forward to apocalypse I guess is
what I'm saying
hopefully it does well enough where
people become okay getting bitch
expanding the idea of superhero costumes
in movies I don't think they look good
in Apocalypse but you know Deadpool has
a nice looking costume yeah it's it's a
leather suit but it's a nice-looking
costume
let's bring some color back into yeah I
know Bryan Singer invented the whole let
everyone wear leather thing yeah well
then they made a dumb ass joke about it
in the first movie when they're wearing
their suits towards the end you ever
that like what would you prefer yellow
and yellow spandex yeah and that's when
everyone in the theater goes yes
literally yeah we like we already like
him because he wears yellow spandex oh
sorry
I don't you know what I died I know
things about her being a fake geek girl
Tiberius Kirk says she's oh yeah she
originated that she's the epitome of
fake geek girls basically huh epitome
you're right
sorry it's getting nice food it's
getting late and Jack needs food it's
the epitome of fake geek girl she
basically piggyback through courier I'm
being attractive enough for Ladd Meg's
but not modeling her playboy middling
actress I from the 8th the people who I
know who know her that I can tell you
that is an inaccurate statement no first
of like first of all this whole fake
geek girl there that does not exist yes
it does you you like something or you
don't who cares if you just started
liking it it doesn't matter I think
that's a dumb pleasure pretending you
like but that's that's what people mean
is it's they were there pretending to
like it sure did fit a certain angle and
specifically for Olivia Munn and again
this is speaking from people who know
her she is into these things
nobody knows how long she's been into
them but she is actually into comic
books into video games she got that job
on attack of the show possibly because
of her good looks but also she knew what
she was talking about and coming from
people who know her so Jack doesn't
think people pretend to like things to
fit in he never went to high school I
genuinely think highly of people which
is wrong and I know that I liked I would
like to think that people wouldn't have
to lie but hey whatever that's why it
doesn't matter because Basu I'm talking
specifically about Olivia Munn I think I
do think she gets a bad rap because of
how she looks I think it's more whether
she's genuine or not she's what kind of
started that whole idea of like the
super hot nerd girl mmm but other people
the phonies came after of people kind of
taking that scuzz like oh there's a sure
there's a market for this there's an
angle for this so other people an
attractive lady who likes video games
yeah that sells okay let's make that
happen okay I guess I could see that so
she's kind of the poster child she's the
one let's start it whether it applies to
her or not right is it relevant okay I
guess I could see that I you know I'd I
guess don't harsh on her because she may
or may not like things harsh on her
because she's a bad actress there's that
yeah
[Laughter]
when is Shatner gonna take heat for
being a fake geek guy right like he
gives a shit about Star Trek no fucking
Soros who damaged fucking useless
you know what Shatner really loves
Shatner Shatner had money money that he
gets from talking about how much he
loves being Shatner yeah did you ever
see what was like the VHS he made or DVD
he made with Leonard Nimoy and it's
literally just the two of them sitting
by his pool no I'm not it's like
unedited footage it's like a real DVD
that they sold yeah and it's just
unedited footage of them sitting by a
pool talking about Star Trek for like
two hours just them having a
conversation I would seem that billion
dollars is terrible
I'm sorry rich not sorry enough I'm not
but no you know what I like x-force I
think there's some fun in there I'm not
I think it's a good x-force would be a
great candidate for a good r-rated
superhero movie yeah there could be some
fun in there x-force is getting that
that's even fringe for people who like
comic books though yeah I don't know
anything about x-force so we're starting
so those guardians of the galaxy
so was guarding nuts so it could be a
good jumping-off point but we're
starting to get to that we're starting
to get to that I mean even Deadpool yeah
Deadpool is pretty fringe yeah the pools
been growing in popularity in recent
years but we're not talk about comic
book people how about general audiences
Yeah right for general audiences don't
know Deadpool is and that's I saw some
comments after our Deadpool episode that
we're like Deadpool wasn't successful
because it took risks it was successful
because it stuck to the character I was
like Joe Blow going to the theater
doesn't know who this character is
that's not what it was about that's good
that they stuck to the character because
then the people that were already fans
of the character I'm happy but the the
0.5% of an audience knows who Deadpool
is sticking to the character was a
symptom of someone having a vision yeah
again going back to it being made by a
person right sticking to the character
was a symptom of that not the other way
around I am going to fucking murder
everything in this room all right do it
give it to the execute plan but none of
those things are in this game no oh look
at that comic the comical stars and
Boyd's
it was a symptom of Ryan realms exactly
exactly
no well not just Reiner I was also the
director you know like people people who
made that movie cared about making that
movie I know rich is upset
well let's sucked I lost a good soldier
for nothing now it's pretty sweet
million blood spattering
one dead two wounded mission failed
that's a kick to the balls
I should have extracted once the once
the objectives failed they got some
murders in that'll help level up yeah
none of that makes up for the loss of a
high rank credit here yeah yeah I'm also
happy that Ryan Reynolds finally got to
make a good comic book movie I just like
that Ryan Reynolds no I don't know
handsome I don't ruin the last time I
failed a mission in any way then well
that's good that's yes that means this
game is appropriately challenging and I
do have the higher-level equipment right
now so
alright this this just in from
gobbledygook
Star Wars The Force awakens is hitting
iTunes exclusively on March 15th oh wow
what is the dude when is the blu-ray
come on what do you think of that
enjoy your crap enjoy your silly fantasy
crap
[Applause]
[Laughter]
thought you might mention that that it
was interesting that they were giving
digital some sort of big exclusive it
needs now they're gonna have glowing
swords bad that uh that's very
interesting I mean yeah iTunes have been
has been doing that I don't know what
the blue oh really I didn't even counter
the event uh because he failed I should
have won for them Ranger the major I
really think you should have major
Ranger made the major lazer uh painful
fucking painful I'm looking up on the
blu-ray comes out yeah cuz iTunes will
do that where it'll be available like a
couple weeks to purchase before it's
available to rent or before the blu-ray
comes out yeah so I don't know if this
is like extremely in advance or I don't
well the blu-ray Amazon leaked April 5th
yeah for the blu-ray release so that's a
couple of weeks before and and this is
not according to tech times I don't know
it is unconfirmed whether this March
15th oh god don't ever don't ever fuck
off website don't you ever play noise
you're gonna have forced ads that video
ads no don't don't have the volume set
all the way up this is the most
obnoxious thing I think having them
forced ads with audio
at all is annoying agreed get rid of it
completely so it's like two weeks that's
about average yeah so that's fine yeah
so that's there's nothing different
about that yeah if that's the case yeah
I mean I guess I in my head the blu-ray
wasn't even coming out until much much
later so it's like if it was a couple
months that'd be a big deal but now
that's fine I might wait for the blu-ray
just for I guess it I guess it depends
on what extras come to iTunes yeah it's
got all the extras the only blu-ray I
care about is Krampus there's no release
date yet for Krampus goddamn it maybe
they're gonna wait till it's closer to
the to Christmas so they can have it be
a holiday tie-in and I don't want to
wait that long movies are supposed to
come out three months after the theater
yeah
and gob according to tech times the the
article that you linked to here it is
unconfirmed March 15th is unconfirmed on
iTunes even April 5th is unconfirmed
Amazon leaked to that date so that's
even a not official if it is that's just
a couple weeks sooner and I think that's
fine there's they do that all the time
with exclusive time to releases
everybody here should be video game
people you know about timed releases you
know what's going on I didn't I didn't
know that soon that's good what's oh oh
oh my god Jay do you have anything to
say I have not seen the witch but maybe
I will go see it right now oh I won't by
the way but I could I I'm gonna I'm
gonna stand up and then I'm gonna sit
down and read the subscribers everybody
should stand up because it's time to
stand up I just stood up so I'm good
when was the last time you're happy I
was happy plenty today right now rich
Evans is hanging out with his friends
and playing
XCOM - are you saying he's incredibly
happy right now
oh yeah you gotta hang out with your
friends to play games well you know jack
I don't love I don't love Star Wars so I
must not be a happy person it's true
okay
good save mom when will Jay get his own
face for the twitch didn't I make a Jay
emote already oh I might not have what
the fuck I'm sorry
well we need 900 more subscribers we 900
more he's is very I'm sorry if I haven't
I may I know I made I made science man
Mike as a no really as any mode I
thought that could unite us man
dual-purpose get a my key mode in there
and scientist man yeah for explaining
stuff no it's fun very important so I'll
have to find I'll have to find an
appropriate J mode all right an
appropriate J face any of the ones are
making my dumb face like the Prometheus
video yeah that works
those are great cracker man 526 13
months in a row man orc self by sector
Xena trope for 19 months in a row oh my
god yeah November for real November
tango 19
that's a Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
move November tango 19 go oops
Power Rangers i okay that's I think that
started early wouldn't you added Power
Rangers start I was probably too old
when I started watching it I'll be I was
then I was definitely too old yeah it
was like early 90s right
no yes early late 90s late no not late
90s late 90s I know it was in the same
era - the same block that Batman the
Animated Series
hold on and I had to watch Batman the
Animated Series yeah
I'm googling it right I I want to say
early 90s early to mid at the latest
smiling strange 18 months in a row black
Phoenix nest ball rat quelle red go red
camel reco reco reco ball rental 17
months in a row 1993 okay yeah read my
letter er no edge junkie hmm Theodore J
hooker 18 months in a row Ben Zion mah
goo baby oh yes it may be what you got
there go on Owen John actually J Krampus
comes out on April 26 oh it doesn't
really stay there last I checked a
dinner that's according to cinnamon who
might be a horrible liar Perkins pancake
house yeah pancakes read the perfect
that's as good as you're gonna say that
yeah I thought that was pretty good
jars just crusts sweet Montgomery crisp
waffle tale mag 1250
scene 20 months in a row yeah yeah yeah
hey i f in amman F in yeah F in Amman it
sounds it sounds like someone's trying
to say the sweet stuff that you put on
toast I like my toast with a phenomenal
new lender is that a zoo and I like to
put sugar and the phenomenon Michael
Zoolander have to do with anything
Adlai Stevenson I'm still liking my
opinon do do you like my cereal a
feminine top crunch I'm not sure against
who but that's offensive I'm serious
that's offensive against somebody that's
offensive to Jimmy Mills
I'm General Mills shaming yeah you're
right you're right
I will put my chin d99
and purebred gentlemen thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we've really do alright this
is one say one more time what we're
going well we're dead before before I
long out here about next time send us
your ex come to question over the devs
that's true if you missed it earlier we
are gonna get an interview with the
ex-con people at some point so tweet
tweet or email your question firmed
interview confer at us you're trying to
get one no we have no no we're going to
get an interview we're just gonna
schedule it yet but we're working they
tweet and we're gonna email tweet us at
previously rec or you can email us at
pre req at red letter media dot-com and
send us your questions and if we run out
of our questions we will ask your
questions if they're good questions
don't ask questions about their dicks
